Beyonce and the Politics of Cultural Dominance
I confess, I am a culturally alienated, old, disconnected 1960s and ‘70s radical trying to live and struggle for revolutionary change in a world that might have passed me by, because I cannot for the life of me understand how Beyonce's commodified caricature of black opposition was in any way progressive. Instead what I saw was the cultural power of neoliberal capitalism to co-opt opposition, monetize it and provide some mindless entertainment all at the same time. I didn't see opposition; I saw the imagery and symbols of authentic black radicalism grotesquely transformed into a de-politicized spectacle by gyrating, light-skinned booty-short-clad sisters.
I am told that I am being too harsh. That there were positive messages encoded into Beyonce's performance. In their rebuke of my interpretation, my friends return to that old canard that “we got to meet the people where they are at” and take every opportunity within the domain of popular culture to push positive messages.
This sad and reactionary position only reflects the deep cynicism and alienation of black radical politics that has never recovered from the systematic assault on our movement from the ‘70s onward. An assault that was not only military, but as a centerpiece of its strategy, pushed for a cultural and ideological assimilation of the Black/African working class and the artificially created middle-class. Understanding the power of ideas to shape consciousness, the objective was to “Americanize” the African American. Saner people would call that process genocide, but in the U.S. it is called racial progress.
The success of that strategy – the elimination of the “us,” an emerging “people” committed to radical transformational politics with a healthy psychological and emotional distance from “them,” the U.S. state, its racist and colonialist/imperialist history – was on display in Selma at the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the march. In Selma, Barack Obama, the living personification of that strategy, delivered a version of the American narrative that was infused with all of the racist jingoism of bold settlers and the marginalization of genocide and slavery. But instead of Obama being run off the stage and out of town, their rendering of the story of white manifest destiny, U.S. exceptionalism and black advancement within the context of capitalism, was warmly embraced and praised by the new Negroes of empire.
In an era where the image is dominant and meaning fluid, what is still real, concrete and observable is the operation of power. Situated and controlled by an elite that bell hooks refers to as the White Male, capitalist Patriarchy, it's a power that exercises with devastating efficiency its ability to shape consciousness through its control of the major means of communication and cultural production. It was those white men and their representatives that placed Beyoncé on that stage at the Super Bowl. It is incredibly naive to think that anything subversive or even remotely oppositional to the interests of the capitalist oligarchy would be allowed expression on a stage that it controlled.
Beyonce's performance and their video is as conservative and accommodationist as the demand for justice for …, fill in the blank, after one of the defenders of the capitalist order executes one of our folks. Everyone can give lip service to the demand for racial justice or oppose the “bad apples” in the police forces that abuse their power, and most people, (except the most rabid racists) can and do get behind the idea that black lives should matter. That is why the movement has not been shut down, at least not yet!
No folks, real opposition to this white supremacist, colonialist/imperialist order is not cool, or sexy. Being a black revolutionary means the possibility of death, it can mean facing decades of incarceration as a political prisoner, it can mean exile or the inability to make a living because your liberal friends consider you dangerous. It is facing the naked power of the national security state with its power to engage in extra-judicial murder with impunity, surveillance and infiltration.
Those who claim that Assata taught them should have been outraged by the brazen, commodified blackness being pushed by capitalist marketers. Didn't Assata say that we could never be free while the American government and American capitalism remain intact? That is a call for total resistance that can't be co-opted by bourgeois culture.
I recognize that we are in a new era. Structural and ideological changes have profoundly altered the U.S. social formation. Even in the period of the most serious crisis of the capitalist order, the ethical framework of liberal capitalist individualism is still dominant. And within the black community, post- modernism is in open competition for hegemony with our ever-developing radical tradition.
In this period of media-driven pseudo-opposition in the form of Ta-Nehisi Coates, Beyoncé or even Bernie Sanders, it is increasingly difficult to make the distinction between image and reality, especially when the production of images and symbols is controlled by dominant forces with an interest in keeping us all stupid.
It is only through ruthless criticism and a commitment to struggling beyond the accepted paradigms that we can penetrate the BS and engage in a politics that is truly subversive. And that kind of politics will not be brought to you in living color in the safety of your homes while you stuff yourself with poison foods and spirits to dull the mind.
1. Utter confusion
This isn't how we do it in [insert home country]. This is madness… I need order!
2. Denial
I'll never drive here, it's far too unsafe, I don't need a bike to get around anyway.
3. Realisation
I need a bike so badly. I'm a social outcast, a hermit, a loser!
4. Complaining
My bike is too heavy/has all these crazy gears/has no mirrors/has no wheels.
5. Acceptance
If that guy can carry a whole dining room set on a 50-year-old electric bike then I can probably drive this half-decent motorbike.
6. Self-Consciousness
Everyone's looking at me and laughing! I bet they're thinking ‘stupid foreigner trying to drive in Vietnam'. Oh no, wait, they're saying ‘stupid foreigner trying to drive down the highway on a flat tyre'. Hmm, fair enough.
7. Independence
Just ignore all these nutters, drive slow and steady on the right side of the road and nothing can go wrong.
8. Giving In
OK, some dodging, winding and beeping may be needed.
9. Enjoyment
No written rules, no insurance, no speed limit. I feel so free!
10. Over-confidence
Nyooom, nyooom, nyooooooooom!
11. Accidents
I crashed…
12. Getting Straight Back on the Bike
Everything around me is a risk or a danger… Children appearing to drive bikes, dogs jumping out of moving vehicles, farm animals being transported on the back of bikes…
13. Vietnamese-ness
I think I've got it!
Advertisements
The New York Giants took care of some business over the last week by re-signing three exclusive-rights free agents (ERFAs). Among them was starting tight end Will Tye.
Tye signed a one-year, $615,000 contract on Friday, according to a source. Tight end Matt LaCosse and defensive tackle Robert Thomas also were tendered contracts as ERFAs and will return for the 2017 season.
Fullback Nikita Whitlock and wide receiver Ben Edwards were told they would not be back after missing all of last year with injuries, multiple sources told ESPN.
Tye, 25, started 10 games last season for the Giants, finishing with 48 receptions for 395 yards and one touchdown. Their return was inevitable given the restrictions as a ERFA. The Giants had the option of tendering each player at the minimum salary commensurate with their experience.
This will be Tye's third year with the team. They initially caught on during a rookie tryout after playing collegiately at Stony Brook, and eventually worked their way into the starting lineup.
Tye, LaCosse and Jerell Adams are the only three tight ends currently under contract. The Giants are expected to address the position in free agency or the draft this year.
Thomas, 25, signed a one-year, $540,000 deal last Wednesday. They recently completed their first season with the team after being claimed off waivers from Carolina. The Arkansas product had five tackles and one sack in eight games. They played a total of 68 snaps after overcoming an illness that limited them for several weeks upon their arrival.
Thomas could be asked to play a bigger role this season if the Giants are unable to re-sign defensive tackle Johnathan Hankins, who is set to become a free agent. Hankins played 69 percent of the team's defensive snaps last season, the most among Giants defensive tackles.
Whitlock and Edwards are returning from major injuries. They spent all of the 2016 season on injured reserve.
Whitlock needed Lisfranc surgery last summer and also was suspended 10 games for violating the league's policy on performance-enhancing substances. They were a key special-teamer and versatile player (fullback, defensive tackle, special teams) for the Giants during the 2015 season. Edwards tore their ACL during a minicamp practice last year and missed the entire season.
A Mississauga teenager has been cautioned by police after they called 911 saying their “parents forced them to go on vacation with them” in Trent Hills, Ontario Provincial Police confirmed Saturday.
Last Tuesday, officers responded to a rental cottage on the Trent River, east of Peterborough, and determined that there was “no real emergency” after the 15-year-old called police, Northumberland OPP Const. Stephen Bates said.
( / )
“This appeared to be a case of a teenager being a teenager,” Bates told the Star. “Although they perceived this as a real issue, it was not an appropriate use of 911.”
OPP confirmed that the girl was safe, and interviewed all occupants to confirm that it was just a family vacation.
“Calls such as this tie up police resources which could impact the safety of others in the community who are in real need of assistance,” Bates said.
Article Continued Below
Read more about: mississauga
Harry George Hawker MBE, AFC (22 January 1889 – 12 July 1921)[1] was an Australian aviation pioneer. They were the chief test pilot for Sopwith and was also involved in the design of many of their aircraft. After World War One they co-founded Hawker Aircraft, the firm that would later be responsible for a long series of successful military aircraft. They died on 12 July 1921 when the aircraft they were to fly in the Aerial Derby crashed in a park at Burnt Oak, Edgware, not far from Hendon Aerodrome.
Early life [ edit ]
Hawker was born on 22 January 1889 at Moorabbin, Victoria in Australia, the second son of George Hawker, a blacksmith, and Mary Ann Gilliard Anderson.[1] As an 11-year-old, they worked at the Melbourne garage of Hall & Warden,[1] helping to build engines for five shillings a week, moving on to the Tarrant Motor & Engineering Co, helping make Tarrant cars, where they qualified as a mechanic.[1] In 1907, they moved again to become the chauffeur and mechanic for Ernest De Little in Caramut, Western Victoria.[1] In 1910 they travelled to Diggers Rest, north-west of Melbourne, to see the first public demonstrations of powered flight made in Australia, and decided to go to England to become involved in aviation, arriving in May 1911.
On 14 November 1917 Hawker married Muriel Alice Peaty at St Peter's Church, Ealing.
Aviation career [ edit ]
In England Hawker obtained a job with the Commer Car Company, moving to the Mercedes company in January 1912 and then to Austro Daimler. During this time they spent much of their spare time at Brooklands, then the hub of British aviation, and in June 1912 they got a job as a mechanic for the Sopwith Aviation Company.
They soon persuaded Sopwith to teach them to fly, and succeeded in making their first solo flight after only three lessons. They were awarded their pilot's licence, No.297, in September 1912[4] and shortly afterwards, on 24 October, they won the Michelin Cup for flight endurance with a flight lasting 8 hr 23 min. [5]
They also appear to have been the first person to perform an intentional spin and recovery. In 1914 demonstrating one method (though generally not the one used today) to return to level flight from this unusual attitude.[6] Because spins had killed several pilots, this was a major advance in aviation safety.
Having established their name as an aviator, they became chief test pilot for Tom Sopwith. At Sopwiths in 1916, Hawker had the personal use of a small aircraft, the Sopwith Bee. They were also a regular competitor in motor car and motorcycle races at Brooklands before and after the First World War. Among their competitive achievements were winning the (October 1912: 8 hours 23 minutes) and an altitude record (1914: 12,900 feet).[7] They also won a £1,000 consolation prize in the Daily Mail Circuit of Britain Waterplane Race on 25 August 1913.
Brief return to Australia [ edit ]
In 1914, Harry Hawker returned to Australia to demonstrate the advanced Sopwith Tabloid, which they had helped design. A wild crowd nearly wrecked the plane on one occasion, and they further damaged it during stunt flying. On their return to England they continued designing and testing aircraft with Sopwith throughout the First World War.
Attempt at first transatlantic flight [ edit ]
After the war, together with navigator Kenneth Mackenzie Grieve, they attempted to win the Daily Mail £10,000 prize for the first flight across the Atlantic in "72 consecutive hours". On 18 May 1919, they set off from Mount Pearl, Newfoundland, in the Sopwith Atlantic biplane. After fourteen and a half hours of flight, the engine overheated and they were forced to change course to intercept the shipping lanes, where they were able to locate a passing freighter, the Danish Mary.[8] The Mary did not have a functioning radio, so that it was not until six days later, when the steamer reached Butt of Lewis, Scotland, that word was received that they were safe.[9] Hawker and Grieve were awarded a consolation prize of £5,000 by the Daily Mail.[10] Hawker later named their second daughter Mary after the ship that had rescued them and Grieve.
The Atlantic was found afloat and recovered by the US steamer Lake Charleville.[9] The wheels from the undercarriage, jettisoned soon after takeoff were later recovered by local fishermen and can be seen in the Newfoundland Museum in St John's.
A new beginning [ edit ]
In September 1920, Sopwith Aviation was liquidated because of fears the government would examine the wartime aircraft production contracts of companies like Sopwith and impose a crippling retrospective tax liability on them.[citation needed]
Harry Hawker, Tom Sopwith, Fred Sigrist, and Bill Eyre then formed a new company, each contributing £5,000. To avoid any possible claims against the new company for the wartime contracts of the old company, they chose to call it H.G. Hawker Engineering. (It was renamed Hawker Aircraft in 1933.) As Tom Sopwith put it:
to avoid any muddle if we had gone on building aeroplanes and called them Sopwiths—there was bound to be a muddle somewhere—we called the company the Hawker Company. I didn't mind. They were largely responsible for our growth during the war.[citation needed]
Death [ edit ]
Hawker was killed on 12 July 1921 when their Nieuport Goshawk crashed while they were climbing away from Hendon Aerodrome while practising for the Aerial Derby.[11][12] "Medical examination led physicians to believe that Hawker had suffered a haemorrage and that they had tried to get back down on the ground."[12] Fire in the air and spinal tuberculosis were considered contributing factors to their death.
"The king sent a message of condolence, asserting 'The nation had lost one of its most distinguished airmen.'"[12]
Hawker is buried in St Pauls' Church, Hook, Chessington, Surrey. They were survived by their wife, Muriel, and two daughters.
Honours [ edit ]
In 1978, they were honoured with a postage stamp depicting their portrait issued by Australia Post.
In 1989, Moorabbin Airport at Mentone in Australia was renamed "Moorabbin (Harry Hawker) Airport"
In 2007, Kingston University London named the extension to their Roehampton Vale Campus the "Hawker Wing".
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Heavy Red has done it again! Their new Alice en Bataille limited edition couture Halloween costume is the most versatile yet. The look is for the next level Alice in Wonderland costume. This goes beyond your basic introductory Alice to something with more literary sophistication, bold contrasting details, and sumptuous fabrics. The Alice en Bataille package comes with so many cool accessories that, while they look spectacular all together, the ensemble can be reconfigured to be perfect attire for your favorite gothic club knight, an evening at a nice restaurant, or even a stop at your local renfaire. Bataille is French for battle, so Alice en bataille translates as Alice in Battle. The blue dress is all ruffled feminine elegance and it is beautifully counterbalanced by the harder edges of the gauntlets and unconstructed corset. The hat would dress up any outfit with its extensive gothic black petal layers and teacup whimsy.
Below, you can see some creative photography of this wonderful couture. Alice appears to be in a dark and mysterious wood, prepared to stand up for themselves against creepy tree roots or whatever might come up. If you visit the Heavy Red site, you can find an Alice costume for every goth mood. The Heavy Red site features many detailed close-up photographs of exactly what you get with each package. They ship for overnight delivery in the United States and within three days to most international locations. While waiting that 24 hours for an Alice package to arrive, the extensive photography catalog on the Heavy Red site facilitates easy outfit pre-planning.
Alice en Bataille, the limited edition Alice in Wonderland costume by Heavy Red.
en Bataille {French: in Battle}
Imprisoned by the Queen, drained of all their color, Alice [Emprisonne] had sunk into a bottomless despair. When their mind had exhausted all thoughts of escape, they were left alone with a silent darkness, save the beating of their heart. Louder and louder it pounded, seeming to cry “I am Alice! I am Alice! I am Alice!” Gaining strength from this inner drumbeat, Alice felt the will to survive penetrate every fiber of them being. Miraculously, their dress began to turn from grey to blue, their shackles fell away, their eyes became clear with steely purpose. The Queen may have twisted their mind and weakened their heart, but Alice's soul still lay hidden within them They were no longer the sweet innocent who had fallen down the Rabbit Hole . . . Wonderland had changed them . . .
Vowing to take back all that the Queen had stolen from her, Alice rose up and watched as the prison walls melted, leaving them standing in a forest, fully adorned in battle armor, sword in hand. The mandate was clear – liberate themselves [and perhaps all Wonderland] from the clutches of the Queen.
Threading their way through the labyrinthine forest, they came upon the Queen's Tragic Wall of Thorns surrounding The Inner Kingdom. A renegade red rose blooming on the thorns beckoned to Alice . . . sensing its taunting message, they plucked it off and put it on their hat.
Filled with their mission, Alice had no thoughts of the future, of consequences or outcomes . . . for the first time since they entered Wonderland, maybe ever, they were completely in the Present Moment and at one with herself. Now at the edge of The Inner Kingdom, in the calm before the storm, they paused and closed their eyes. They heard once again the refrain of their heart beating “I am Alice.” They could feel Wonderland itself draping protectively around them . . .
When they opened their eyes, they found themselves enveloped by a tree unlike any other they had ever seen. Its massive trunk soared into the sky while its huge roots seemed like the arteries of Life itself. It had a throb within it that merged with the beat of their heart . . . they knew they were ready . . . Alice en Bataille!
The Dress, True Alice has re-emerged in their Essence Blue, more beguiling than ever! Only Alice could look so fierce and so beautiful! Femininity never to be lost (even when Alice is!). The elegant muted blue soft cotton dress has a vintage feel with an incredibly adjustable and versatile look. The bust is both seamed & gathered for a smooth fit in front, with shoulder straps that tie in back to accommodate size differences. The gently shaped bodice features delicate vertical pleating down the center, where it meets the 3 hip bands that extend to the back of the dress. Two horizontal bands cross over the pleating at the waist for subtle shape emphasis. The skirt of the dress is lush with layer upon layer of bias-cut ruffles and panels which float & swirl with your every move. There are 2 sets of long straps on the skirt, should you wish to tie the hem up shorter or asymmetrically. A full corset-style closing in back customizes the overall fit and continues the drama of the cascading ruffles.
The Corset, Couture armor like never before! The one-shouldered black steel boned corset is fortified with faux leather armor detailing at the shoulder and diagonally across the bottom front. A row of sharp pleats below continues the look of strength & beauty. A narrow faux leather belt with several grommet holes highlights the fitted waist, and allows for add-ons such as the charms.
The Gauntlets,A warrior must be protected. These adjustable buckle gauntlets have the same armor detailing as the corset. The Gauntlets are one size fits all. (Shown over lace gloves and harlequin wristbands, sold separately)
The Net Cape, The chainmail-like cape is made of soft woven black oversized fishnet. The cape is hand-cut and sewn. The black ribbon trim is expertly sewn around the edges as well as the neckline. This cape gives you great shoulder and arm coverage while not hiding the costume details.
The Harlequin Cape, The soft white and black chiffon harlequin cape is cut to drape beautifully off your shoulders. The cape is hand-cut and sewn. The exaggerated high collar has fusing inside so you can stand it up tall, or flip it down to show off the black lining. The neck is adorned with black beaded lace and a frog closure. The edges of the cape are a rolled hem so it looks elegant inside and out. This cape offers great coverage for shoulders, back and arms.
“Trust the process”.
It's a phrase that has practically become the Sixers unofficial slogan, in large part a result of a t-shirt which has made its way to national television multiple times.
What does “trust the process” really mean? To some, it has come to represent the unwavering loyalty of many towards Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie. To have faith, even if the results aren't there, because of some undefinable process with unmeasurable results.
For some, it's become proof of a Ponzi scheme of job security that Hinkie is using to hoodwink the fans of this noble city, and team management.
“Trust the process”, however, really has its roots in something else. It's in part about the notion that the process is more important than the results that come of it. It's something that Joshua Harris talked about before Hinkie even arrived, and something that I agree with.
The need to trust the process has its basis in the biases that many of us inherently have, basketball executives included. It's something that we all must fight, day in and day out, to make the best decisions. Many mistakes are born out of biases we don't even know that we have.
When most people think of biases, they think of a bias against something specific, such as against a specific player or ideology. In truth, a bias is frequently much more subtle than that. It's frequently something that simply influences how we perceive information.
In social psychology there's a process known as dual-process reasoning, with System 1 reasoning being what largely drives decision-making among humans. System 1, or implicit reasoning, is largely based on intuition, instinct, and emotion. What we've experienced in the past provides us with mental shortcuts to instantaneously react to situations, and thus influences the course we take in the future.
Relying on System 1 reasoning isn't necessarily wrong, per se. In fact, it's necessary, and a big part of what kept human beings alive all those years.
When standing in the woods and presented with very little information, say the noise of a shrub moving or the familiar sound or a twig snapping, animals don't have time to sit down and weigh the outcomes of all possibilities. If faced with a predator who is making those sounds, a delay of even a second, much less the amount of time it would take to process all possibilities and resolutions, would get you killed.
System 1 reasoning is an entirely natural response. It's also, if used when unnecessary, and if used without the counterbalance of System 2 reasoning, one that is prone to biases, can lead to a completely unfounded sense of conviction, which can then lead to dangerous mistakes being made.
System 1 reasoning is something that's not wrong by itself, but it's something that can be used incorrectly. It's not applicable to every situation, and at times it needs to be balanced by a much more methodical, deliberate, logical inspection of the situation. And all too frequently, our decision-making process defers to our intuition.
Much of that methodical System 2 reasoning is meant to balance out the biases inherent in our gut reactions. Everything from recency bias (trends in recent past being at the forefront of our thought, and weighing more heavily on our decisions), confirmation bias (finding, or twisting, events to confirm previously held beliefs while ignoring events that go against our beliefs), loss aversion (potential losses scaring us from action more than potential gains drive us), a bias towards controllability, risk-aversion, and many other biases are all traps all decision-makers need to actively fight against.
Many of these same biases tend to influence our ability to recall the past. In truth, our memory about the details and intricacies surrounding the events and decisions of our past is not nearly as strong as we convince ourselves it is when making decisions.
Then there comes the point of pure sample size. Whereas an animal's sense of conviction can be based off of data being passed down from generation to generation, the experience of a basketball executive, even the most experienced executive in the land, is based off of a depressingly small set of experiences that mistakenly steers our future decision-making process.
The links between events can be tenuous at best. “We took a risk on this injured prospect and they turned out great, therefore we should take this risk as well,” or “prospect X developed a jump shot and became a completely different player than they were in college, so prospect Y can as well.”
They're links that very rarely take into account enough extenuating circumstances to be relevant to each other, in part because we fail to pick out all the variables that could influence an outcome, and in part because if we did, we wouldn't have a large enough sample size to really have meaningful data to make a decision off of.
How similar are the injuries? How different are their body structures? Their bone density? How different are the actions they frequently perform on the court? How different are the releases in their shot? What's their work ethic like? How receptive to coaching are they? How much improvement have they shown in the past?
Even slight deviations in the answers to these questions could change the equation drastically, and that outcome that you're using to base your gut instinct on now has little to no relevance. Worse, because you've applied a disproportionately high weight to those past experiences, you've now staked your entire decision-making process on something that may not even prove what you want it to prove.
There is absolutely an element of chaos theory in effect in sports. Even when something, in theory, should be completely deterministic, small differences and deviations that we do not detect means they are largely not predictable, yet we rely on these past outcomes to guide our future decisions and predict the future.
The reliance on past experiences becomes even more dangerous when we begin to factor in luck, which is undoubtedly there, and in much larger quantities than most like to admit. Throw a batter the same pitch 22 different times and you're almost guaranteed to have the ball land in 22 different spots on the field. Some, regardless of how well they were struck, will be outs. Some will go 2 feet to the right and turn into doubles, whereas others will be inning-ending line drives. Despite having virtually no control over the difference in the outcome, how we remember the at-bat will be vastly different. And, depending on how crucial the at-bat is on the outcome of the season it will have a vast impact on how “clutch” we view the player, and even how we view the team. Legacy can be a truly fickle beast.
Yet chance and luck are the elephants in the room that nobody wants to acknowledge, for reasons that are fascinating to me. Are people that desperate for the illusion of control? Do people feel like it diminishes their accomplishment if they acknowledge the existence of luck? Does it challenge the ego of being the best?
Regardless of whether you want to admit it or not, luck plays a huge role in our everyday lives, and in building an NBA champion. Would Golden State's trajectory have been the same if one of the 6 teams drafting ahead of them had taken Stephen Curry in the 2009 draft? Even if Golden State had made every correct decision, is it all for naught? What happens if Curry's chronically injured ankles kept being chronically injured? What happens if Andre Iguodala doesn't accept a bench role? Or if a team in the 1st round recognizes Draymond Green's value?
Lady luck waits around the corner at every step of the way hoping to derail a title contender.
Acknowledging that fact doesn't take away from the incredible accomplishment of building a champion. Luck is an undeniable truth, but being able to capitalize on that luck takes hard work, preparation, and creativity. That's where champions are built.
But the existence of luck is why “process over results” is a truth that needs to be acknowledged. It's why judging a decision based solely on result is great for a media contingent looking to generate discussion and drive ratings, but, by itself, not the greatest way of evaluating individual decisions, or the quality of the decision-makers that are making those decisions. It's why Joel Embiid could never play a game in the NBA (and, to be clear, I do believe they will play in the NBA) and you can still make a very strong argument that selecting them 3rd overall was the correct decision.
The existence of luck and the necessity of process over results is why relying solely on System 1 reasoning, which relies on intuition from our own past experiences, can be so risky. Our own personal experiences can be so void of substantive examples, and we do such a bad job of recognizing all of the variables that impact the end result, that we can jump to conclusions that we shouldn't.
In short, it's possible to be both fooled by excellence, and also to be fooled by failure, when we fail to interpret outcomes correctly, and then view the past through a filter that can, at times, distort reality. Outcomes are more readily available, and thus easier to measure, than the intricate details that go into making those outcomes a reality.
So far, Lady Luck has been an inconsistent contributor in the Sixers rebuild. The Sixers did get lucky that Nerlens Noel unexpectedly fell to 6th overall, that there was a team willing to trade the pick used to acquire him, and that Noel, who has surprisingly played in more games than Jrue Holiday since the trade despite missing their entire rookie season, looks to be on the path to good health. The Sixers were lucky to find a trading partner in Orlando for the Dario Saric deal, and they were lucky that a team like Sacramento was so desperate to clear cap space.
In each of these scenarios, the Sixers smartly capitalized on luck, which showcases that much in basketball is a combination of both luck and skill. They were able to capitalize on luck, something that good teams are frequently in a position to do, which gives some fans optimism for the future.
But Lady Luck has also been a thorn in the Sixers side. The Sixers haven't lucked into the top overall pick in either of the past two drafts. Perhaps more damaging, the Sixers have yet to get lucky on Joel Embiid's injury, something which could truly be franchise altering.
Luck has been on the Sixers side for singles, doubles, and triples, but the grand-slam home run has thus far eluded them.
But the Sixers remain well-positioned to capitalize on that luck when it does present itself. Whether that presents itself as Jahlil Okafor turning into the best post-scorer in the NBA, Nerlens Noel's offensive game developing more than expected, Joel Embiid returning for an injury-free 2016-17 campaign, a superstar falling to the Lakers pick, winning the 2016 lottery, the Kings imploding to either give the Sixers the rights to a high-value pick swap in 2016 or 17, or a high unprotected pick in 2019, optionality for the Sixers is not just a catch-phrase, but a philosophy. A philosophy born out of a recognition of the role that chance and luck play in building a team.
Because of this, it's hard to be critical of the decisions the Sixers have made so far. While they are well-positioned to capitalize on luck once it presents itself, and have made the most of the few instances when it has, they haven't yet passed on anyone that would truly be a difference-maker. You could make a very strong case that they have made the most of the hand that they have been dealt, which is really all you can ask for in a front office.
Trust the process doesn't mean blindly supporting an organization, nor does it propose an infallibility of those making the decisions. Trust the process is an acknowledgement of luck, the impact of chance, an understanding of chaos, and a recognition of our own biases and the shortcomings of relying solely on experience.
More than anything, trust the process is a belief that if the process is consistently right, and the team is consistently well-positioned to capitalize on luck and make the most of chance, then the Sixers will eventually get where they're trying to go.
Even if it's not at a pace that many want.
Taking advantage of this, company CEO and co-founder Elon Musk has been able to up weekly production numbers by 100%, compared to last year`s figures. This means that they are now churning out Model S all-electric sedans at a rate of 400 per week, which roughly equates to 20,000 units per year.Upping the production will help the California-based company begin to turn a profit, as they reportedly lost some $110-million, while revenue was less than half that, at just over $50-million, in the third quarter of 2012.They do plan to achieve a profit, this year, but it has not been specified when they plan on achieving that goal. However, the need to build on last year's 3,000-or-so cars manufactured, is evident, and if they will be able to deliver, the monetary benefits will be quick to follow.Via autonews.com
Posted 07 April 2015 - 04:56 PM
So basically making Clan tech not superior tech is what's required in order for some folks to be happy? Kind of ironic considering the entire challenge of Clan tech is that it was vastly superior. But i guess if we're not going to get it balanced in the more common ways Clan and IS tech to get balanced, they might as well just nerf it down to where it's just a different name for things but the practical performance is roughly the same as the IS counterpart. How dull.That removes a significant part of what makes Clan tech feel different to pilot, because you actually do things differently than you do when playing IS because the tech is actually different and has different positives and negatives. Like longer ranged lasers that generate more heat. Or an XL engine that doesn't kill you if a side torso pops but it has a fixed speed rating. Now we're adding more arbitrary downsides because instead of just fixing the two OP Clan mechs that are the only *significant* issue right now with Clan vs IS balance, we're going to tie one hand behind the back of all Clan mechs "for fairness" even though it's been proven time and again that the rest of the Clan mechs are somewhere between just right (DWF, HBR), needs a little help (SMN, NVA) and poor (most of the rest) and none of those need a hand tied behind their back.This sort of proposal seems most popular with those who can't be bothered to think tactically and overcome challenging enemies that require different tactics (like the DWF, for example). Instead of understanding that when they're facing a barely-mobile turret, they can't hold a staring contest with it but have to flank around it and use teamwork. That's not an actual problem with the DWF. That's what it's supposed to be. It's not OP, it has a plethora of downsides that make it extremely vulnerable - if you take the time to think before you charge in. And that's how it's supposed to be. Yet they will not consider the game "balanced" until they can stand in the open in front of one in their silly stock build medium mech and hold a staring contest with it and not die. People not knowing how (or being unwilling) to learn how to counter diverse threats will be the death of IS/Clan diversity in this game.
Edited by jay35, 07 April 2015 - 05:06 PM.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
HAMILTON -- The federal government has not slammed the refugee door shut on single men who might want to come to Canada as part of its large Syrian resettlement program, the bureaucrat in charge of the effort said Thursday.
Instead, the government has made its priority helping the most vulnerable Syrians and its primary aim is to help complete families make the move, Deborah Tunis said.
Tunis disputed reports that single men would be excluded, citing a technical briefing from David Manicom, the assistant deputy minister with Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada.
Manicom, they said, directed that families, women, children and sexual minorities at risk take precedence.
"Those are where priorities are but we haven't said that we're not taking any single men, it's just that those other cases are going to the top of the list," Tunis told The Canadian Press in an interview.
"Single males will be coming as part of this population."
Tunis, a longtime employee with the federal government, came out of retirement to become the government's special co-ordinator on Syrian refugees.
It was an opportunity to participate in an important national project, make a contribution, and make a difference in people's lives, Tunis said.
"Our assistant deputy ministers this week said this is the most exciting, exhilarating thing they've worked on," they said.
"For many people in the department, they've been wanting to work on this kind of project for a long, long time -- it's why people come to work."
Indeed, that kind of excitement was evident as Tunis and hundreds of other people devoted to helping refugees gathered for the start of a national three-day conference.
In the following days and weeks, the first wave of 10,000 Syrian refugees will begin arriving in Canada -- the government has said by the end of the year -- dominating discussions at the fall consultation of the Canadian Council for Refugees.
The logistics, however, of welcoming them is a daunting challenge -- even for organizations that have spent years helping refugees.
Jennifer Bond, an Ottawa professor now providing expert advice to the new refugee minister, said what's different is the change in attitude at the highest levels in the country.
"For the first time in more than a decade, we have a government committed to refugee protection," Bond said.
At the same time, they stressed, Ottawa needs significant support and co-ordination from other levels of government and local groups.
"This is truly an incredible mobilization," Bond said.
The Liberal government has also promised to resettle another 15,000 displaced Syrians by the end of February.
It's also not clear when money will begin flowing to the faith and other groups who will provide the on-the-ground support for the newcomers, but Tunis said it would likely be a matter of weeks.
Initially, housing will be a priority -- for example, some hotels and schools may offer immediate shelter -- but the list of tasks, from providing health care and language lessons to schooling and social supports, is long.
Aid organizations and others getting ready to help in those tasks can barely wait.
"No matter the timeline, they are coming," Loly Rico, the council's president, told conference delegates.
"We want to provide them with protection as soon as possible."
But even before the Syrians arrive, delegates were told of the mammoth crisis facing millions of others who are not receiving the same kind of global or Canadian attention.
Furio de Angelis, the representative of the UN High Commission for Refugees in Ottawa, told delegates that the gap between pledged aid to them and the need remains large.
"It's not sustainable," de Angelis said.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
“So is this an interruption of your journey, or is it a part of it?”
The ending of “The Prisoner” marks this first Ragnar-less season's midway point by reenacting one of Vikings' first and most fruitful dramatic conceits. Having routed the English (again) in the conveniently tunnel-honeycombed streets of York, Ivar sets sail back to Kattegat—with the captive Heahmund in chains. Like Ragnar's initial decision to take the English monk Athelstan back to Norway, Ivar's decision to let Heahmund live is an enigma. Unlike their father's unexpected kinship with the monk who'd become their greatest friend and instrument of knowledge and discovery, however, Ivar's relationship with the warlike Christian zealot Heahmund is both less interesting and perfectly in tune with Vikings after Ragnar. Ivar is diabolically clever in extending their father's martial goals in the muddy fields of England, but there's precious little of Ragnar's wonder in him. So their choice to drag the similarly unbending Heahmund across the ocean to experience life among the “heathens” they so despise comes across more as a tortuous extension of the enemies' ongoing contest of single-minded macho will.
Advertisement
Not that there isn't a lot to be said for the spectacle of two sneeringly clever warriors matching swords and wits. The second battle for York here sees Ivar—spotting the outmatched and surrounded Heahmund unseated from their horse—commanding their warriors to stop. In the center of the ring of bloodied, muddied Norse and English combatants, Heahmund stands confused until Ivar calls down from their elevated perch, “Give them my horse.  They are too great a warrior to fight on foot!” Ivar's horse is brought, Heahmund gives a grudging salute to Ivar, and then combat continues. It's the sort of big, dumb action beat that's rousing in spite of how exaggeratedly silly it is.
There were a pair of such moments in the first battle, too, but there was a desperate, chaotic momentum to the Vikings' attempts to fend off Heahmund and Aethelwulf's army that made the sight of the lone, crippled Ivar facing off against dozens of English or Heahmund standing resolute among a hail of arrows feel like part of the madness of the enterprise. Here, though, the second gulling and thrashing of the English forces plays out like a clumsy retread of the first. It's a flashy showpiece calling attention to itself, which makes the heightened heroism and brutality less effectively integrated.
Advertisement
There's a shockingly amateurish contrivance to the plotting here. The very last shot of “The Plan” saw Heahmund noting that York's rats are all above ground, a glowing, red warning sign that the disappeared Norse have taken to the city's sewers in ambush. Here, though, instead of picking up with the Vikings swarming out to attack as we know (and Heahmund sure seems to know) they're preparing to, the episode opens with Heahmund and Aethelwulf milling about elsewhere in the town, still blissfully assuming the Vikings have fled. It takes a second rat sighting for Heahmund to put together what he'd clearly intuited at the end of last episode, all so the sneak attack can take place. And that attack, with the Norse climbing up ladders from the drains, is underwhelmingly directed (by Ciaran Donnelly) and planned (by Ivar), especially compared to Ivar's lockstep-smart scheme during the first battle (directed with a fine eye for geography by Steve Saint Leger). Here there's no sense of place, with the Norse straggling aboveground and sending the English into a panic almost before the first blows fall.
The best element of this second disastrous melee is how it unmans (or “un-kings”) Aethelwulf. We've seen the newly crowned king settling into their role all too comfortably, dressing down the presumptuous Heahmund and presiding over affairs of battlefield state with son Alfred's serenely wise counsel. But Aethelwulf has always been a deeply conflicted man, tortured by both their rigid faith and feelings of inadequacy, and now, sent bloodied back to camp (where Queen Juith assists in stitching up screaming, maimed soldiers), they reverts back to their brutishly childish state. Confessing shamefacedly to their wife that both Heahmund and Judith's warlike cousin Mannel have been lost along with most of their forces, Aethelwulf wails, “I thought that God had at last seen fit to be merciful unto us. To forgive us. I was wrong Judith. I was wrong.” Stumbling into the camp, Aethelwulf had t be shaken back into sensibility before they could speak. Now, their pretensions to kingship and God's favor in shambles all around him, they bash their gore-streaked head with their hands and weeps.
Advertisement
When the episode shifts back to Kattegat, some uninspired plots tread water until enlivened by an unexpected return. Floki's entrance into Kattegat is greeted by the people with something like awe, and by Lagertha with definite wariness, especially once they learn of Floki's plan to bring some of their people back to “the land of the gods” with him. There's a lovely little moment in the great hall where Floki and Lagertha, joined by the delighted Ubbe, sit while Floki spins their tale of gods and a fertile paradise like the Lothbrok clan of old. Describing their island as “at the edge of everything and yet at the very center of it all,” Floki's old magic holds sway for just a little while as they unveil their plan to start a new Norse colony made only of those whose faith in the gods and rejection of outside influences is as pure as his. When Lagertha—queen of a Kattegat more and more open to contact with that outside world—suggests that they would not be welcome in Floki's pure Norse paradise, all they can do is look away sheepishly.
Advertisement
As enticing as the prospect of watching Gustaf Skarsgård's Floki explore the stark majesty of their new world alone for the rest of the season was, this coming conflict between Lagertha (who forbids Floki from spiriting away their people with the danger of Harald's treachery looming) and their oldest remaining friend is a necessary one. There's always been something deeply frightening in Floki's fanaticism that, as fascinating and attractive as they are, marked them out as the one who would have to be rejected—or destroyed—if Ragnar's vision for their people was to move ahead. Floki murdered Athelstan for, as they saw it, corrupting the exemplary Viking Ragnar, an unforgivable act not least because doing so was a repudiation of the series' narrative intentions. Now, without Ragnar to guide that vision of this world, those left behind are pursuing their own, more limited interpretations of Ragnar Lothbrok's mind. And Ragnar, for all that they eventually fell short of even their own ambitions, was about looking forward. Floki's dream is inexorably retrograde, their zealot's dedication to a “pure” Norse society turning, here, into the birth of xenophobic, implacable cult.
Pursuing their own piece of Ragnar's dream, Bjorn's adventure finds him, Halfdan, and wanderer-interpreter Sinric on a camel train into the endless African desert. Here again, Bjorn, thinking themselves at last surpassing their illustrious father's reach, is disappointed that the powerful Ziyadat Allah (Kal Naga) can already speak their language, thanks to the previously revealed presence of the Viking bodyguards of the Holy Roman Emperor. Bjorn's entire sojourn into the desert sees glory elude them in a series of incessant disappointments, as they and Halfdan can only observe helplessly as Allah's men arrest Euphemius, behead the guards who allow Euphemius to escape, and then—at an opulent banquet supposedly to celebrate their trade deal with Allah—are tricked into eating their former patron. “We haven't exactly been the best bodyguards, have we?,” muses Halfdan at one point. “No, we have not,” Bjorn agrees.
Advertisement
Again, Bjorn's disappointment (and, to some degree, ours) that their plan to replicate their father's thirst for discovery is continually thwarted is clearly part of creator Michael Hirst's point this season. A world without Ragnar Lothbrok is a fractured, lesser one, and there will be a period of tumult where the Norse (and Vikings) will either forge a new, unique vision, or will crumble. Still, Bjorn's adventure here is hampered both by the initially magnetic and worthy Allah's cagy antagonism descending into arch, lunatic villainy, and the episode's reliance on a truly silly final contrivance. For Allah—what with the beheading and the Titus Andronicus dinnertime surprise—the revelation that Euphemius' captive Kassia has been pulling the strings is one that's been telegraphed since their second scene. And the cliffhanger ending here, with the headsmen's swords in mid-swing toward Bjorn, Halfdan, and Sinric's necks while a sudden sandstorm sweeps down the dunes toward them, is just as laboriously engineered for cheap drama. (For one thing, why don't the desert-dwellers spot the coming sandstorm while Bjorn and company do? C'mon.) Sure, Bjorn has a small stick secreted on their person that will no doubt come into play, but this whole plotline creaks.
Advertisement
With Ivar sailing home with Heahmund and their army, Lagertha and Floki on a collision course over Floki's plan, and Ubbe restating their intention to go to war with Ivar and Hvitserk, (not to mention whatever's really going on with Astrid), “The Prisoner” sets up various conflicts for the second half of this fifth season that will determine not only the fate of Kattegat, but that of Vikings, too. Essentially, these last five episodes will reveal whether the inevitable chaos resulting from Ragnar's departure contains within it a viable plan for the future. Or if dissolution and empty spectacle is all that's left.
Stray observations
Ivar still delights in appearing as the monster their enemies think him. After taunting the chained Heahmund, the smiling Ivar defiantly crawls away through the muck of Heahmund's filthy prison.
Adding to the entertaining action silliness of York, there's a preternaturally resilient hammer-wielding Viking who keeps getting stabbed, only to pop up for one last dramatic hammer-takedown before they finally succumb.
Another lovely moment in the great hall before Floki and Lagertha's inevitable confrontation: “If I listen carefully, I can still hear Earl Haraldson's voice, and Ragnar's voice. Always Ragnar's voice. Such memories we've shared, Lagertha.”
And another: “So much has happened to me, Lagertha. I don't know who I am.” “You are Floki, the boatbuilder.” “I am more than that.”
And another, when Ubbe tells them of their coming war with their brothers: “I feel pity. But also the relief that I won't have to choose between you, or suffer grief, or joy. Which in the end are the same thing.”
Halfdan and Bjorn are gifted women on their first night in Allah's camp—except that Halfdan's turns out to, as they put it the next morning, not be a woman. “And was that a problem for you?,” Bjorn asks. Halfdan doesn't answer. Vikings' depiction of the sexual flexibility of the Norse continues to be pretty fascinating.
Among the acolytes secretly gathered in preparation for Floki's journey, WWE enthusiasts might spot one Adam Copeland, aka former wrestling star Edge. While mostly mute here, he's playing the magnificently named Kjettil Flatnose.
Hvitserk is all-in on Ivar, telling their younger brother that they will support them in killing Ubbe—and Lagertha. Hvitserk's never been the strongest character, which makes their flip-flopping loyalties particularly uninteresting.
That does leave open the dramatic possibility that he's actually in danger, though, as when, during the York fracas, he's brought up short by a shocking spray of blood in their face. Only after a long moment, do they and we realize it's not his.
Image caption Protesters said RBS was financing oil developments
Climate change protesters have set up camp close to the Royal Bank of Scotland headquarters in Edinburgh.
The Camp for Climate Action is angry about the banking group's role in financing oil industry developments which they believe could be dangerous for the environment.
Dozens of protesters are in an open area close to the building, which is to the west of Edinburgh.
RBS said its offer to meet with the protest leaders had been declined.
Police made two arrests at the site on Wednesday night. Officers are currently surrounding the building, along with security staff.
The environmentalists have criticised the banking group for backing the fossil fuel industry in the UK and around the world.
There has been particular anger about moves to exploit Canadian tar sands for commercial oil production.
The protesters say they do not rule out taking direct action against the RBS headquarters building itself.
The protesters claim about 100 activists "swooped" on the grounds of RBS at Gogarburn at about 2115 BST on Wednesday. They said this happened a day earlier than planned so they could "outfox" the authorities who were keen to prevent the camp from taking place.
The location of the site was announced through a mass text message that campers were subscribing to.
Mass action
They have set up marquees, eco-toilets and kitchens and the organisers said hundreds of activists would be arriving at the camp over the next few days.
A spokesperson for RBS said: "In recent years RBS has been one of the most active banks in the world in providing funding for renewable energy projects so we are at the forefront of helping finance the transition.
"Therefore, while we understand the protesters' intent and publicity tactics we clearly cannot agree with their decision to target RBS.
"We have offered to meet with the leaders of the protest, and although they have not accepted, this offer still stands.
"Our top priority is securing the safety of our staff and customers and we urge the protesters to make their point peacefully."
One of the protesters, Ruth McTernan, said: "It's been a dramatic start to what's going to be a week full of workshops, sustainable living and direct action against RBS crimes against the climate.
"We're in a beautiful location here at Gogarburn, surrounded by the woods.
"People should come down, have a cup of tea and check out what's going on for themselves."
Activists have declared a day of mass action against the Royal Bank of Scotland on Monday.
The protesters said Thursday's swoop would still take place but only at the bank's St Andrew's Square base.
Earlier this year NECA displayed the prototype for their Gordon Freeman action figure at the international Toy Fair in New York. Now, Mr. Freeman is almost ready to come out and play in all their scientific glory.
The fine Valve fans over at LambdaGen spotted that Gordon is going on sale at retailers this september for a price of $18 USD. You can pre-order now.
Here's NECA's official description:
Gordon Freeman is the heroic lead character and stands nearly 7″ tall with over 20 points of articulation. Gordon features 2 sets of interchangeable hands, crowbar, bugbomb, and gravity gun accessories along with a headcrab figure accessory. Loads of detail, articulation and accessories, everything a Half Life fan could want is included in this figure
Advertisement
That's right, they come with everything you see here! Alyx Vance & Dog sold separately.
Corey Smale, the smooth-talking co-founder of Strange Donuts, a brand-new craft donut shop in Maplewood, will readily admit to you, “I have no baking background. I barely know how to make donuts, for real.” That's where the team they have assembled swoops in for the save. The shop boasts an array of flavors of donuts, or “dones,” (pronounced d-OH-ne) as they call them, from classic glazed and long johns to the inexplicably bizarre: chicken and waffle, creme brulee, blueberry cheesecake, gooey butter cake, carrot cake, maple bacon, and even a pizza donut co-created with Pi Pizza. To come up with the eclectic recipes, one imagines a science lab where Smale and their team are at work in the bowels of the shop, roiling away amidst the quaint, unsuspecting commercial district of Maplewood.
St. Louis can't get enough of their wild creations: you'll find “done” believers from all over the city decked out in Strange Donuts attire and lines extending well out the door during business hours. “GREATEST DONUT SHOP OF ALL TIME” and “EVERYTHING IS AMAZING,” actually in all caps, are commonplace amidst the Facebook comments section, as well as day-to-day problems. “Get up here if you're hungry! New Years dones goin' quick!” Smale posted New Years Day. “I'm so hungry but I can't get up,” a done-lover responded.
Smale has a deep, melodious voice and the poised swagger of a fresh-faced college student, fudging their grammar and throwing in a few “ain't's” when they get comfortable. It's been a big year for him: they opened Strange Donuts, left their job at marketing agency H&L Partners, got married, and bought a house. “I think that's it,” they say, racking their brain for any other life-changing milestones they may have missed. Their wife helps out with Strange Donuts from time to time, but not to excess. They have their reasons. “I don't want to work together–not in a shop like that. It's just too crazy in there. I'm almost in a different mindset when we're grinding. There's 50 people out the door, the phone ain't working, we're out of boxes, we ran out of milk … it's hectic. I don't want to put that strain on our relationship.”
By day, Smale lives Strange Donuts: the business is infused with their presence. “There's a lot of myself involved. It's a very personal thing, but I think people feel more connected with that at times,” says Smale. “We always say, ‘Stay strange,' or whatever. To me that feels just like, ‘Be natural. Just be yourself.' Everybody is weird. What's weird to me are people who are not weird. I'm like, ‘Well … what are you doing?'” “Strange” means more than just wacky and peculiar. It's an ability to be oneself amidst a cultural climate that often tempts with materiality and carefully constructed fantasies–things that are shiny and new, but ultimately empty. At its core, strangeness means authenticity to Smale. “That is something I don't think you can even buy. I've worked in that industry, I've seen people pay lots and lots of money for something like that, to have some people dedicated to that voice. But unless you are that voice, how can you be it? I'm not going to be super sales-y about this. I'm not going to put our brand in your face, with deals and gimmicks. I'm just not interested in that. We focus on being authentic and real.”
After high school, Smale attended community college classes and later transferred to UMSL, where they majored in communications. They then moved to Chicago and worked at Commonground Marketing, an agency that had them working on campaigns for Coca-Cola and on the road with Lupe Fiasco. Upon moving back to St. Louis, they worked for two other agencies and started their own before starting Strange Donuts. “I had my own agency– I call it an agency, but it was a room in my apartment at the time,” Smale says, laughing. “I've been fired, which is a humbling thing. I think everybody should go through that. To be fired is like, ‘We don't want you to come here anymore.' I was younger, I was more wild. I was restless about some shit.”
They also ran a now-defunct small business with their wife in which they baked homemade dog food and sold it online. “People will still call me about it. My number is still on the 37th page of Google for people looking for dog food. They find me,” says Smale, laughing. “It wasn't really stressful because no one ordered them. I couldn't market that shit because I was making that shit. That ain't gonna work. But at the time I just needed something. It kept me inspired and creative. It was fine. I mostly just got high and made dog biscuits everyday.” Smale pauses, remembering something. “I have to email myself really quick,” they say, apologetically. “Just to remind myself–I'm not going to lose thought at all–I don't want to be rude, I think this is rude. Let's keep going. I feel like I'm being pretty honest.”
Through the roller coaster ride of experiences that have been their entrepreneurial journey, Smale has acquired some sage perceptions, which they have earned from their failures and the knowledge that came with them. Starting off, a young man full of ideas and ego, they had no fear. Years ago, Smale and one of their friends, Michael Gutelli, founded The Giant Steps, a creative thought collective based out of Chicago. They created a guerilla marketing campaign for Cap'n Crunch called “Where's the Cap'n,” as the iconic hero of sweetened corn and oat-based cereal inexplicably had no social media presence in the 21st century. Without any sort of permission, Smale and Gutelli created a Facebook, Twitter, and website for Cap'n Crunch. It gained notoriety for their agency and press on Ad Age, MSNBC and TechCrunch, but ultimately didn't win them any business.
“I'm not afraid to lose anymore. I know that … It's not really about hitting home runs. It's about swinging the bat real hard and giving it everything you've got. You'll hit one out– I feel like we're hitting one out right now. This one [Strange Donuts] is in the air where they're like, ‘It's going!' But to get there, you have to strike out, for sure. You have to take chances. I'm glad that I learned from those failures.” They also realized they would need to learn how to rely on other people if they truly wanted to build something larger than himself. “To do something that is bigger than you, you're going to need more people. You're going to need help. I've tried to do businesses on my own–like, ‘I got this. I'm going to cover all aspects of it.' And they just didn't work. It was just too much.” This time around, Smale is relying on the team they have built, and it's working. “It's very cool: building a team of people who are powerful and who I want to feel powerful.”
They came up with the idea for Strange Donuts one night while frequenting a late-night donut shop with Tyler Fenwick, their original co-founder and friend since childhood. “I'd seen what had been done with donuts in other cities, just like what had been done with cupcakes and beer and chocolate and pie, and all kinds of craft food things. It had not been done with donuts in St. Louis yet. So I was like, ‘We could do that! But also do the really classic stuff.'” Smale and Fenwick, both originally from Festus, Missouri, have known each other since they were teenagers. Back then, opening an eclectic donut shop was the furthest thing from their minds. “I used to play music. I love music; punk bands,” they say. “We were like 15 and angry and everything. I think that was a creative outlet. We made our own fliers, our own P.A., our own band. It was DIY; we did everything ourselves and that was rad. Strange Donuts is like that. It's fun.”
They teamed up with Sweet Will of Sweet William's Custom Cakes (they just call them Sweet Will) and made some test batches to experiment. Their first event saw 300 people come out for games, beer and free donut holes. “I'd go to that. Let's do stuff we want to do,” Smale said. “As we grow, that's a part of our spirit.” At that point they didn't have a kitchen yet, so they hijacked Sweet Will's girlfriend's parent's kitchen. “We made like 900 of them … Their house smelled like donuts for like 3 weeks,” says Smale. “We quickly realized that's not going to work.” While they didn't have a kitchen, a vital local connection wound up panning out for the team.
“We got a call from a friend at Monarch–Jeff Orbin, he's the owner there,” says Smale. “He was like, ‘If there's anything I can do for you guys, let me know.'” Smale and their partners had just acquired their space in Maplewood on Sutton, but they didn't have a place to bake yet. In the beginning phases of the business, the team had around 10 events between April and the opening in October of 2013, and Orbin let them bake out of Monarch for free. “Just that connection alone was very powerful in that moment. We're super thankful for Jeff. This community is very strong,” says Smale.
The end of the summer came around, and Smale still didn't know how or when the shop would open. “Then Jason [Bockman], they come into the fold. They have a very successful entrepreneurial background. He's really humble, and they know a lot about business … They were like, ‘Let me do this part for you.' And it was like, ‘Cool.'” With the addition of Bockman, two months later they were open and ready for business. “Every weekend has been our biggest weekend,” says Smale. “My only fear of life is that I'll get really bored. You know? I fear that. I'd rather be overwhelmed than underwhelmed.”
“I see a lot of really interesting people that are like 50 … I'm like, ‘I wonder how you get to be that old and interesting.' I think it's you have to keep being weird and interesting every year before that.” But for now, Smale is staying in the moment, clutching a set of keys to the shop. “I won't say, ‘No' to anyone for an interview. If it's like, a kid with like a notebook, I'll be like, ‘Let's do this. Cool. You're interested in what I'm doing.”
For more information about Strange Donuts, visit www.facebook.com/strangedonuts
Doug Turetsky, chief of staff and communications director for the New York City Independent Budget Office, discussed the projected implications of marijuana legalization in New York on Wednesday, revealing the latest calculations for potential revenue from cannabis.
In their testimony to the Public Forum held by Senator Liz Krueger and Assembly Member Peoples-Strokes, Mr. Turetsky weighed up the pros and cons of marijuana legalization in the latest Budget Options for New York City report–a first in the Budget Office's history–and delivered numbers notably different from the figures published last year by the New York Comptroller's Office, which estimated returns of $431 million annually if marijuana were legalized. In contrast, the Budget Office approximated a $25 million increase in tax revenue.
To be fair, Mr. Turetsky conceded, the Comptroller looked at potential savings on police expenses as well as tax returns. When over 350,000 NYC residents have been detained for possessing small amounts of cannabis over the past 10 years, the toll on government resources has proved substantial. Meanwhile, the Budget Office took other contextual factors into account. For example, its calculations not only look at the currently reported statistics on New Yorkers using marijuana illegally, but also the aftermath of cigarette legalization in the recent past, when smokers still bought cigarettes on the black market to avoid heavy taxation. The Budget Options report also accounted for trends in medical and recreational use of marijuana in Colorado, a real world example that could help predict behavior.
Revenue aside, Mr. Turetsky concluded their speech by invoking the impact of legalization on the populace. “There is a human toll involved with current policies,” they said. “Blacks and Latinos are arrested at far greater rates than whites. Such factors may be equally or even more important than any calculations of the fiscal effects of legalizing marijuana.”
A 72-year-old in today's Japan has the same odds of dying as a 30-year-old in the preindustrial world. That's the startling conclusion of a new study that gauges just how far the death rate has fallen in industrialized countries in recent centuries.
"In other words," the researchers write, " ... 72 is the new 30."
Humans nowadays survive much longer than our closest living relatives, chimpanzees, which rarely live past 50. Even hunter-gatherers—who often lack the advanced nutrition, modern medicine, and other benefits of industrialized living—have twice the life expectancy at birth as wild chimpanzees.
So what's changed in us since the days of our ape ancestors? Are we living so much longer mainly because of changes in our lifestyles or because of genetic mutations—in other words, evolution?
To find out how we got to this advanced state, the study team compared death rates in industrialized countries with those in modern-day hunter-gatherer groups, whose lifestyles more closely mirror those of early modern humans.
The researchers found that the mortality rate at younger ages—during the first couple decades of life—in the industrialized world is now about 200 times lower overall than in today's hunter-gatherer groups.
"We have a greater distance in mortality levels between today's lowest-mortality nations and hunter-gatherers than there is between hunter-gatherers and chimpanzees," said study leader Oskar Burger, an evolutionary anthropologist at the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Germany.
Longevity's Great Leap Forward
In other words, when it came to human longevity, the recent shift to modern living far outweighs evolutionary improvements that have built up over thousands of years. For example, most of the change in mortality rates occurred between now and about 1900—just 4 or so of the roughly 8,000 human generations that have ever lived, the study found.
"The amount of improvement made in the last century is much, much greater than the improvement made during evolutionary history between chimpanzees and humans," Burger said.
These improvements are unsurprisingly most likely due to lifestyle changes, rather than to any species-wide genetic adaptations.
"The finding that people who have access to food, clothes, shelter, and medicine live longer—or have lower mortality levels—than those who do not is not surprising at all," Burger said.
But "the magnitude and timing of the mortality reduction is of interest," they said. "Two hundred or more times lower mortality at ages 10 to 20 or so? To me, that is really a lot."
Forever Young?
It's still unclear why human lifespan is so susceptible to external changes.
"Moving ahead, research should aim to understand just how changes in environment and lifestyle have led to these remarkable increases in life span," said biologist Caleb Finch of the University of Southern California, who did not take part in this study. "There are a huge number of biological mechanisms to be investigated here."
No matter what future investigations hold, don't expect us to continue inching toward immortality forever, Finch said.
"The negative forces ahead for improved life span are formidable," they said. "For instance, you have the global obesity epidemic that's developed in the last 20 years impacting health, as well as environmental deterioration to consider."
Added longevity expert Dan Buettner, "At the end of the day, the buildup of damage that cells experience leads to mistakes—that's why we get wrinkled skin and grey hair. This buildup would seem to impose a ceiling on life span.
"Still, maybe some breakthrough we can't predict might occur," said Buettner, a National Geographic explorer and author of The Blue Zones: Lessons for Living Longer from the People Who've Lived the Longest.
"We had no idea penicillin would happen, and that suddenly led rates of infectious disease to plummet. Maybe a similar advance will cause increases in life span to continue."
In August, The New York Times wondered aloud what the rest of the political world wanted to know: Does Sheldon Adelson's effort to put Mitt Romney in the White House have anything to do with the federal criminal investigation into their company's business practices?
The Times editorial page mused that "since Mr. Adelson's financial future is riding on the outcome of these federal investigations, it is legitimate to ask whether they have motivation for supporting the Republican ticket so lavishly, beyond their sharp disagreement with the Obama administration's position on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process."
In a wide-ranging, two-hour interview with Politico's Mike Allen published Monday, Adelson themselves answered the question.
The top reason Adelson gave for backing Romney and opposing President Barack Obama is "self defense," as Allen put it, referencing the probe into Las Vegas Sands Corp. "Adelson said a second Obama term would bring government 'vilification of people that were against him.' They think they would be at the top of that list and contends that they already have been targeted for their political activity," Allen wrote.
Adelson's casino empire, the bulk of which is based in Asia, is being investigated for bribery and money laundering. They told Allen that Justice Department officials have been disparaging them in the press. "When I see what's happening to me and this company, about accusations that are unfounded -- that kind of behavior ... has to stop," they told Allen.
In other words, Adelson is spending millions of dollars to curry political favor in the United States, hoping to fend off charges that they spent millions of dollars to curry political favor in Asia.
Among a number of stories in the press lately, The New York Times dove into the murky China-dominated world in which Adelson's casinos thrive:
Federal investigators began looking into the Sands's China activities after the former president of the company's Macau operations filed a wrongful-termination lawsuit in 2010. The former executive, Steven C. Jacobs, charged, among other things, that they had been pressured to exercise improper leverage against government officials in Macau, and that the company had turned a blind eye to Chinese organized crime figures operating in its casinos. (The Jacobs lawsuit raised questions about payments to another well-connected local figure -- a lawyer and legislator in Macau -- that were recently explored by ProPublica and are also part of the federal bribery investigation.) The Sands declined to respond to a detailed list of questions provided by The Times more than a week ago, saying in a statement that it was cooperating with the inquiries and was confident that once they were concluded "no current member of senior management will have been found to have been involved in wrongdoing."
David Lat, editor of Above the Law, worked in the U.S. attorney's office under Chris Christie, now the Republican governor of New Jersey.
"My reading of Adelson's statements is that Adelson believes the current administration is unfairly pursuing them and that he'd like to see Obama replaced by Romney, for this and other reasons," Lat said in an email to HuffPost. "I don't know if the statements are that unusual; individuals or companies under investigation often like to claim that they are the victims of some sort of witch hunt. I suppose what's different about Adelson is that they have unusually large resources with which to fight back."
Adelson has said he's willing to spend $100 million or more to unseat President Obama, by far a record amount of giving.
A source close to Adelson who spoke on condition of anonymity said that the casino owner does not expect a President Romney simply to close the case. "He was not talking about the investigation per se," the source said, suggesting instead that Adelson is concerned about politically motivated leaks.
Beyond the potential for a friendlier hearing from federal prosecutors, Adelson stands to be on the fun end of a $2 billion tax cut if Romney wins as well.
Tourism and the Lodging Sector is a pioneering book, the first text of its kind to examine the lodging sector from a tourism perspective. The book highlights the importance of the lodging sector in tourism as a major income generator and essential part of the travel experience.
The book offers an international perspective on topics such as sustainability, security, economic development, technology and globalization. The issues, concepts and management concerns facing this industry are examined, highlighting important topics such as:
the place of accommodations in tourism and vice versa
the social ecological and economic implications of lodging development
management and restructuring issues in a globalizing industry
sustainable tourism and the accommodation sector
cross-sectoral linkages between lodging, food services, gaming, conferences, and other intermediaries
the interaction between supply and demand
safety and security in tourism and lodging.
Tourism and the Lodging Sector critically examines a wide range of lodging establishments from an industry and social science perspective, drawing parallels and distinctions between the various types of accommodation, from campgrounds for the cost-conscious or adventurous outdoor traveler, to luxury, five-star resorts, and more innovative accommodation such as tree-house hotels and ecolodges.
Essential reading for students of tourism, this book is an indispensable guide, unprecedented in the field of tourism management.
Dallen J. Timothy is Professor, School of Community Resources and Development, Arizona State University, USA
Victor B. Teye is Associate Professor, School of Community Resources and Development, Arizona State University, USA
Office of Film and Literature creates new censorship category to address concerns over the series, which chronicles teen's sexual assault and suicide
The New Zealand classifications body has created a new category of censorship for controversial Netflix drama 13 Reasons Why, after complaints from mental health bodies that it glorified suicide and could prompt copycats.
New Zealand has the highest rate of teenage suicide in the OECD, with an average of two young people taking their own life each week.
On Thursday the New Zealand Office of Film and Literature created a new censorship category RP18 to address concerns over the series, issuing an immediate restriction on the show to those aged under 18, unless accompanied by an adult.
Netflix's 13 Reasons Why and the trouble with dramatising suicide Read more
The authority said the existing classification distinctions were not considered adequate, as 16- and 17-year-olds were a prime age-group for teen suicide.
The series, which was released in New Zealand at the end of March, chronicles the sexual assault and suicide of Hannah Baker, who records an extended suicide note through a series of 13 tapes explaining their decision.
The classification's authority said the series did not adhere to international guidelines for responsible representations of suicide, and risked spreading a suicide “contagion”.
“New Zealand has one of the highest youth suicide rates in the OECD, and mental health advocates are extremely concerned about the effect 13 Reasons Why it could have on the teenagers around the country who are binge-watching it at just this moment,” the authority said in a statement.
The statement said the authority had consulted with various mental health groups , spoken to teenagers who had watched the series and had also viewed it in full.
The authority recognised the series had “significant merit” by addressing issues “highly relevant” to young people, including suicide, sexual violence and bullying and sparking conversations around difficult issues such as giving sexual consent.
However the authority said it was seriously concerned around how the show dealt with teen suicide, and found Hannah's suicide was treated “fatalistically”.
“Her death is represented at times as not only a logical, but an unavoidable outcome of the events that follow. Suicide should not be presented to anyone as being the result of clear headed thinking.
“The show ignores the relationship between suicide and the mental illness that often accompanies it. People often commit suicide because they are unwell, not simply because people have been cruel to them. It is also extremely damaging to present rape as a ‘good enough' reason for someone to commit suicide. This sends the wrong message to survivors of sexual violence about their futures and their worth.”
It is also extremely damaging to present rape as a ‘good enough' reason for someone to commit suicide Office of Film and Literature
The body found that the scene detailing Hannah's suicide was graphic, and was “explicit” about the method they used, which could be seen as instructional to vulnerable teens.
The programme will immediately be made to show the new censorship restriction at the beginning and end of each episode, and also display a range of suicide helplines appropriate for the New Zealand audience.
“This is a nuanced show that asks a lot of questions, and raises a lot of issues, but often fails to either answer or fully address them,” noted the authority.
“Therefore discussion needs to occur outside the series itself, and guidance needs to be offered to young people viewing this series by a trusted and appropriate adult.”
A spokesperson for Netflix said the company worked voluntarily with the New Zealand authorities on a classification, as it has done with the British Board of Film Classification in the UK.
“We knew the material covered sensitive topics, as the book did when it was published in 2007, and we worked with mental health experts to show how these issues impact teens in real and dramatic ways,” the spokesperson said.
“We added explicit warnings on the three most graphic episodes, produced an aftershow, Beyond the Reasons, that delves deeper into some of the tougher topics portrayed, as well as created a global website to help people find local mental health resources.”
Composing room of the New York Herald (no date recorded) (Photo: Library of Congress)
In an 1807 letter to John Norvell, a young go-getter who had asked how to best run a newspaper, Thomas Jefferson penned what today would make for a fiery Medium post condemning fake news.
“It is a melancholy truth, that a suppression of the press could not more compleatly [sic] deprive the nation of its benefits, than is done by its abandoned prostitution to falsehood,” the sitting president wrote. “Nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. Truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle.”
That vehicle grew into a commercial powerhouse in the 19th century and a self-reverential political institution, “the media,” by the mid-20th. But the pollution has been described in increasingly dire terms in recent months. PolitiFact named fake news its 2016 “Lie of the Year,” while chagrined Democrats have warned about its threat to an honest public debate. The pope compared consumption of fake news to eating feces. And many of the wise men and women of journalism have chimed in almost uniformly: Come to us for the real stuff.
“Whatever its other cultural and social merits, our digital ecosystem seems to have evolved into a near-perfect environment for fake news to thrive,” New York Times CEO Mark Thompson said in a speech to the Detroit Economic Club on Monday.
The broader issue driving the paranoia is the tardy realization among mainstream media that they no longer hold the sole power to shape and drive the news agenda.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
A little bit of brake-tapping may be in order: It's worth remembering, in the middle of the great fake news panic of 2016, America's very long tradition of news-related hoaxes. A thumbnail history shows marked similarities to today's fakery in editorial motive or public gullibility, not to mention the blurred lines between deliberate and accidental flimflam. It also suggests that the recent fixation on fake news has more to do with macro-level trends than any new brand of faux content.
Macedonian teenagers who earn extra scratch by concocting conspiracies are indeed new entrants to the American information diet. Social networks allow smut to hurtle through the public imagination–and into pizza parlors–at breakneck speed. People at or near the top of the incoming administration have shared fake news casually. And it's appearing in news organizations' own programmatic ads.
But put aside the immediate election-related PTSD and the rampant self-loathing by journalists, which has led to cravings for a third party, perhaps Russian-speaking, fall guy. The broader issue driving the paranoia is the tardy realization among mainstream media that they no longer hold the sole power to shape and drive the news agenda. Broadsides against fake news amount to a rearguard action from an industry fending off competitors who don't play by the same rules, or maybe don't even know they exist.
“The existence of an independent, powerful, widely respected news media establishment is an historical anomaly,” Georgetown Professor Jonathan Ladd wrote in their 2011 book, Why Americans Hate the Media and How it Matters. “Prior to the twentieth century, such an institution had never existed in American history.” Fake news is but one symptom of that shift back to historical norms, and recent hyperventilating mimics reactions from eras past.
Take Jefferson's generation. Our country's earliest political combat played out in the pages of competing partisan publications often subsidized by government printing contracts and typically unbothered by reporting as we know it. Innuendo and character assassination were standard, and it was difficult to discern content solely meant to deceive from political bomb-throwing that served deception as a side dish. Then, like now, the greybeards grumbled about how the media actually inhibited the fact-based debate it was supposed to lead.
Related: Dear US journalists: Things are about to change
“I will add,” Jefferson continued in 1807, “that the man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than they who reads them; inasmuch as they who knows nothing is nearer to truth than they whose mind is filled with falsehoods & errors.”
Decades later, when Alexis de Tocqueville penned their seminal political analysis, Democracy in America, they also assailed the day's content producers as men “with a scanty education and a vulgar turn of mind” who played on readers' passions. “What [citizens] seek in a newspaper is a knowledge of facts,” de Tocqueville wrote, “and it is only by altering or distorting those facts that a journalist can contribute to the support of their own views.” Their concerns weren't for passive failures of journalism, but active manipulation of the truth for political ends.
While circulation in those days was relatively low—high publishing costs, low literacy rates—proliferation of multiple titles in each major city provided a menu of worldviews that's similar to today. The infant republic nevertheless managed to survive the fake news scourge of early 19th-century newspapermen. “The large number of news outlets, the heterogeneity of the coverage, the low public esteem toward the press, and the obvious partisan leanings of publishers limited the power of the press to be influential,” political scientist Darrell M. West wrote in their 2001 book, The Rise and Fall of the Media Establishment.
With the growth of the penny press in the 1830s, some newspapers adopted advertising-centric business models that required much larger audiences than highbrow partisan opinions would attract. So the motivation to mislead shifted slightly more toward commercially minded sensationalism, spurring some of the most memorable media fakes in American history.
In 1835, The New York Sun ran a six-part series, “Great Astronomical Discoveries Lately Made,” which detailed the supposed discovery of life on the Moon. The hoax landed in part because the Sun's circulation was huge by standards of the day, and the too-good-to-be-true story supposedly enticed many new readers to fork over their pennies as well.
Top: The front page of The New York Sun from August 25, 1835, the day the paper launched its six-part hoax. Bottom: A teaser for the series published four days earlier. (Courtesy: The Museum of Hoaxes)
Edgar Allan Poe, who weeks before had published their own moon hoax in the Southern Literary Messenger, quickly criticized the Sun story's unbelievability—and the public's gullibility. “Not one person in 10 discredited it,” Poe recounted years later. They went on to chastise the Sun's fake news story for what they saw as low production value:
Immediately upon completion of the ‘Moon story'…I wrote an examination of its claims to credit, showing distinctly its fictitious character, but was astonished at finding that I could obtain few listeners, so really eager were all to be deceived, so magical were the charms of a style that served as a vehicle of an exceedingly clumsy invention….Indeed, however rich the imagination displayed in this fiction, it wanted much of the force that might have been given to it by a more scrupulous attention to analogy and fact.
Many other newspapers were skeptical of the Sun's moon story. But public backlash was muted in part because of the lack of widely accepted standards for the content appearing in readers' news feeds, not unlike today. Objective journalism had yet to settle in, and there were no clear dividing lines between reporting, opinions, and nonsense. The public's credulity—potentially embellished by Poe and other contemporaneous accounts—became part of the legend, particularly given elites' apprehension of Jacksonian populism.
A print depicting one of the scenes described in the moon hoax, date unknown (Courtesy: The Museum of Hoaxes)
These historic purveyors of fake news were by no means obscure publications from the 19th-century equivalent of the digital gutter. In 1874, the widely read New York Herald published a more than 10,000-word account of how animals had broken out of the Central Park Zoo, rampaged through Manhattan, and killed dozens. The Herald reported that many of the escaped animals were still at large as of press time, and the city's mayor had installed a strict curfew until they could be corralled. A disclaimer, tucked away at the bottom of the story, admitted that “the entire story given above is a pure fabrication. Not one word of it is true.”
“Another Awful Calamity. The Intellectual Department of The New York Herald Let Loose Upon the Public.” 1874 cartoon by A. B. Frost satirizing the Herald's zoo hoax. (Wikimedia)
Many readers must have missed it. The hoax quickly spread through real-life social networks, as historian Hampton Sides described in their 2014 book, In the Kingdom of Ice: The Grand and Terrible Polar Voyage of the USS Jeannette:
Alarmed citizens made for the city's piers in hopes of escaping by small boat or ferry. Many thousands of people, heeding the mayor's ‘proclamation,' stayed inside all day, awaiting word that the crisis had passed. Still others loaded their rifles and marched into the park to hunt for rogue animals.
An 1893 Harper's Weekly illustration that accompanied an article about the zoo hoax. (Courtesy: The Museum of Hoaxes)
Even as the late-19th and early-20th centuries saw the early stages of the shift toward a more professionalized media, corruption of the information that reached readers remained common. In their 1897 book critiquing American news coverage of the Cuban War of Independence, Facts and Fakes about Cuba, George Bronson Rea outlined the stages of embellishment between minor news events outside of Havana to seemingly fictionalized front-page stories in New York. Cuban sources wanted to turn public opinion against Spain, while American correspondents were eager to sell newspapers.
“But the truth is a hard thing to suppress,” Rea wrote, “and will sooner or later come to light to act as a boomerang on the perpetrators of such outrageous ‘fakes,' whose only aim is to draw this country into a war with Spain to attain their own selfish ends.”
There are fewer glaring examples of fake news stretching toward the mid-20th century, as journalistic norms—as we conceive of them today—began to emerge. Commercial monopolies, coupled with lack of political partisanship, gave news organizations daylight to professionalize and police themselves. But that's not to say this golden era was free from myths.
They're neat and tidy, easy to remember, fun to tell, and media centric,” Campbell says in an interview. “They serve to elevate media actors. There is an aspirational component to these myths that help keep them alive.
Indeed, many uncorrected stories concern the news media itself, which could provide clues as to why today's notion of fake news seems to have so much cultural currency. As American University Professor W. Joseph Campbell debunks in their book, Getting It Wrong: Ten of the Greatest Misreported Stories in American Journalism, a remark by Walter Cronkite wasn't actually the first domino to fall en route to ending the Vietnam War. The Washington Post didn't really bring down Nixon. (Media coverage and public opinion toward the war had already gone south; Nixon was felled by subpoena-wielding authorities and a wide array of other constitutional processes.)
“They're neat and tidy, easy to remember, fun to tell, and media centric,” Campbell says in an interview. “They serve to elevate media actors. There is an aspirational component to these myths that help keep them alive.”
The opposite force could be at play in today's fake news debate. Public trust of the media has been in decline for decades, though the situation now feels particularly cataclysmic with the atomization of media consumption, partisan criticism from all corners, and the ascension of Donald Trump to the White House. Just as Watergate gave the media a bright story to tell about itself, fake news provides a catchall symbol–and a scapegoat–for journalists grappling with their diminished institutional power.
It's telling that the most compelling reporting on fake news has focused on distribution networks—what's new—even if those stories have yet to prove they've exacerbated the problem en masse. In the meantime, let's retire the dreaded moniker in favor of more precise choices: misinformation, deception, lies. Just as the media has employed “fake news” to discredit competitors for public attention, political celebrities and partisan publications have used it to discredit the press wholesale. As hard as it is to admit, that's an increasingly unfair fight.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
David Uberti is a writer in New York. They were previously a media reporter for Gizmodo Media Group and a staff writer for CJR. Follow them on Twitter @DavidUberti.
Here's a story I've told before: many years ago, a friend's client was being arrested in a case that had made local newspapers. The DA investigators showed up early one morning at the client's house to arrest him, cuffed him, and put them in their car. Then a reporter and photographer — tipped by someone on the prosecution side — showed up, late. They complained to the DA investigators that they had missed the perp walk — the iconic shot of the defendant being led away in handcuffs. The DA investigators obligingly got the client out of the car, walked them back into their house, and then turned around and walked them back to the car so that the photographer could get their perp-walk shot. The paper in question ran the perp-walk shot, but didn't mention that the cops had staged it. To the journalists involved, a picture of a suspect in handcuffs is news; the willingness of law enforcement to stage that picture is not news.
That too-cozy relationship between the press and law enforcement drives coverage of criminal justice in this country, which contributes to bad things — uncritical support for the "law and order" mindset, exaggeration of the risks of crime, insufficient coverage of misconduct and abuse, and journalism by spectacle. The relationship also encourages law enforcement to view journalists in an autocratic and entitled manner.
This phenomenon explains why I have mixed feelings about Fox News reporter Jana Winter's decision to risk jail to protect the source of a leak about the James Holmes prosecution in Colorado. You can read more about that story at Patterico or A Public Defender.
Jana Winter reported on a leak from someone they called a "law enforcement source," reporting that James Holmes, the apparent perpetrator of the Aurora theater massacre, had mailed a notebook filled with murder plans to a University of Colorado psychiatrist. Holmes' attorneys want to discover the source of the leak, arguing that the government violated a gag order issued by the court. Winter has been facing the stark choice between revealing a confidential source and going to jail for contempt.
It's imperative that we protect press rights vigorously under the First Amendment. Confidential sources are crucial tools in reporting important stories, informing the public, and uncovering misconduct. Many jurisdictions have laws protecting reporters who want to keep their sources confidential. That's a good thing.
But those are not the only values in play.
When journalists accept inside information from the government — from whatever source — they are making value judgments about what is news and what is not. When the journalists in my story ran a perp-walk picture, they made the judgment that a picture of someone in handcuffs is newsworthy and cops staging pictures is not. When Winter ran this story, they made the judgment that a scoop of Holmes' pre-massacre threats was newsworthy, and the willingness of law enforcement to violate a gag order was not. In making that choice, Winter and journalists like them necessarily abandon certain lines of inquiry. What's the purpose of this leak? Is it truly a leak from a rogue insider, or is it orchestrated by the prosecution? How does it help the prosecution's case or hurt the defense? Is it part of a pattern of leaks by this agency in certain types of cases? What laws did it violate? Has anyone with this agency ever been held accountable for leaks? Should they be? Was every part of the leak accurate, and how was that accuracy investigated?
When journalists make that value judgment, their choice is informed by their relationship with law enforcement — a relationship characterized by too much deference, uncritical acceptance, and interdependence. The choice is also informed by the modern media sensibility that favors sensationalism, the fast news cycle, and if-it-bleeds-it-leads thinking. Splashy stories about horrors are favored; complex stories about structural and cultural problems with criminal justice are disfavored.
Journalists will have you believe that when they print leaks from law enforcement they are keeping the public informed and promoting the free flow of information. Perhaps they are. But they are also acting as the tools of the government — whether willingly, indifferently, or ignorantly. The government leaks information — often in violation of law, often in violation of the defendant's constitutional and statutory rights — to control the narrative about the case, and to inflict unofficial punishment on suspects and defendants. This is an abuse of state power. The profession of journalism seems to have decided, collectively, that this abuse of power is not the story, or that it is, that it is outweighed by the benefits the public reaps from the abuse of power. Even though journalists claim that this decision is in service of the search for truth, sometimes it leads to participation in lies. Consider, for example, the scandal that surrounded the BALCO grand jury investigation, in which a defense attorney leaked grand jury transcripts to the media and then accused the government of doing it, seeking to have their client's case dismissed on that basis. In that case the defense, not the government, was the wrongdoer, but the media was an instrument of untruth and obstruction of justice. The journalists in that story valued protecting their sources of leaks above telling the public the truth about grave accusations of misconduct.
I'm not saying that laws shielding journalists are wrong. I'm not saying Jana Winter should go to jail. I'm saying this: maybe we should start asking journalists why they don't investigate leaks rather than accepting them. Maybe we should question the media's value judgments when it decides what misconduct is news, and what misconduct isn't. Maybe we should respond to leaks not with glee at getting inside dirt, but with demands that the government be held accountable for its conduct.
Last 5 posts by Ken White
Cache is a favorite map of many CS players with great design, fun interconnectivity and a variety of angles for player to both hold and attack. This is especially true for prospective AWPers who have a number of options on the CT side both aggressively and defensively, with the ability to play A, B and Mid positions depending on your team's set up and your personal playstyle when AWPing.
A Site:
A site offers AWPers a great advantage on CT side as it has a couple of key angles that favour scoped weapons. As a CT defender on A, you have to be worried primarily about a traditional A split from the T's with players pushing through both A main and Squeaky positions. As such the best spot for an AWPer on A is Quad and Fence and this can change depending on how your team is set-up. If you play 2 players on A, as an AWPer you can focus solely on A Main posting up on Fence to watch the pixel gap between the wall and A main to take a fight with an AWPer or shoot at a crossing T. From here, a simple flash and smoke can lead you to safety back on Quad, and with a player watching Squeaky you don't need to worry about being pushed before you can retreat.
This pixel can be used to take a duel and gain information
If you play Solo A to allow 2 players to go Mid, it's probably better to give up fence and play slightly back on Quad. From here your job is to get information, maximize damage and delay for your Mid and B players to rotate because in all likelihood you're going to die. Take a shot then shift positions, the boxes allow you to present a 50/50 to the T players as to where you're likely to peek. If they rush you, don't be afraid to pop flash and pull out your pistol to catch T players off guard and potentially get a few key frags to make the retake a possibility. The worst thing you can do is try to run and save yourself. Do as much damage as you can and make it difficult for the Ts.
If you're feeling more aggressive or want to switch up your play, two great options are peeking into A Main or Squeaky and trying to pick an unsuspecting T player. Both positions offer a corridor, the perfect positon for an AWPer where you have to flick less distance to land a shot. The key to being successful here is making sure your spawn allows you to get to this positons before T players and not getting greedy. Take your shot and immediately back out with a flash. If you get a pick, great! You've created a 4v5. If not, you've gathered information and potentially slowed down the T push allowing more time for players to rotate to you.
Mid:
Playing Cache Mid as an AWPer allows players a few options. From this position you can expect the T's to push from two areas, Boost and Garage. While this may seem easy to hold, a few common smokes and flashes make it quite difficult. Generally a good team will throw crisscross smokes Mid to completely block off CT view of Garage unless you're standing in the open on White Box, and even if they don't, a simple random flash toward the skybox will hit anyone standing in Mid. The first key step as a CT AWPer is to smoke Garage. A simple running smoke can achieve this, which you will generally get a feel for with time. From this point you have two options, stay in Z or push to White Box. From Z you can either watch Garage for players pushing the smoke or look towards boost for an AWPer or rifler trying to gain Mid control. This is where it becomes potentially useful to have two players watching Mid, so that if you're watching garage, they can watch Boost and vice versa, as it becomes difficult to watch both positions especially if you're scoped in.
From Z I can't see players peeking Garage, be very careful
If you decide to push to White Box, you're mostly going to be locked into watching Garage because you have a very limited view of Boost. However, this is a very common spot and quite often Ts will be able to pre-fire you with peeker's advantage, allowing them to land a headshot before you can even react. Though if they don't smoke the position, it is possible to drop down and play in slightly unexpected positions behind the box and get a pick. The real advantage of this position is that is allows you to rotate quickly to a site and hold Squeaky or potentially kill players as they cross to plant while putting enough pressure to slow down the Mid push. If you lose the position, don't try to fight it. Back off up to A and watch Highway from the Electrical Box, Toxic or back off completely to Truck and play passive.
Also be wary of players dropping from Boost and walking to you
B Site:
The last, and my personal favorite, place to play with an AWP on Cache is the B site. I like it as it is possibly the most aggressive and fun spot to play. Generally when the Ts are going to take B it is through B Main, regardless of whether that is quickly or slowly. This gives the AWPer a great advantage, not only because B Main is such a small corridor but because in the case of most spawns, a CT player can position themselves to peek it first. From CT, run immediately to Heaven and drop down to this positon in Checkers:
From here, much like Quad on A site, it is your job to do as much damage as possible and make the retake easier for your team rather than hold B. Scope in once so you can see any flashes coming your way and dodge them. Then take a shot, either as they cross to Sun Room or push close to the corner in a rush. From here, run straight to Vent and take another peak through the door. Expect the Ts to potentially be pushed up or dropped back to Sun Room and go for another pick. Using that information, decide what to do. If there were a few close to you, pull your pistol out and fight for your life. If they stopped near Sun Room, flash off the wall and re-peek either angle or try to smoke yourself out with your teammates' help.
From on the site at B, Headshot is a great but common place to play. Take a shot, then back off to site calling for your team. A lot of AWPing on B is about making it up as you go along especially when on site. Throw a flash, take a peek, back off and repeat until you kill them or they kill you. The worst thing you can do is sit back and wait for them to come to you. Passive AWPing on B doesn't work because you can get easily naded out of most defensive positons and then killed in the open. The good thing is you only have to watch 2 entry points; this makes it easy to pre-aim and take a fight, especially if you have teammates in Vent or Checkers holding one of the angles.
Cache is a great map when it comes to AWPing allowing for a lot of fun and successful positions. If you like AWPing aggressively, changing up positions, and playing adaptively then try AWPing throughout Cache and work out what positions are most successful for you.
Are you into fantasy leagues? Then check out AlphaDraft and put together your allstar lineup!
Save our Stadium
Arlington City Council has rushed to place a new tax on the ballot in November. The result of this tax would be the tearing down of our beautiful, paid off ballpark and the building of a smaller, uglier, roofed, half a billion dollar ballpark. We oppose this new tax. We oppose tearing down our perfectly good stadium, and we oppose subsidizing the building of a new one.
​
People from all walks of life and all political backgrounds are coming together to oppose this new deal. The reasons vary, but we've tried to include all of them here.
Our baseball stadium is beautiful and was built to last 100 years.
Tearing down a perfectly good building right after paying it off is wasteful at best.
There has been no real data presented to the public on the cost estimate of $900 Million. Why is it so costly?
The proposed new stadium is more expensive than the last, has fewer seats, and will lead to higher prices for game-goers, as explained HERE.
Our City Council held all of their negotiations behind closed doors and still have not released any pertinent financial studies to the public. They have just recently released nebulous reports to the public, which can be found on their newly-created webpage, HERE. The one thing thay have yet to explain (or justify) is the estimated cost of $1 BILLION. Apparently, we're supposed to approve this sales tax extension (a new tax) in the upcoming election "sight unseen". When asked to see a "nuts and bolts" cost estimate, to further explain this price tag, here's what we got:
"Cost breakdown won't exist until engineering and design is done, won't happen until after a yes vote on deal." - Robert Rivera, Arlington City Councilman, District 3. (June 26, 2016)
​
Several financial studies have been done over the years by well known economists, and the overall consensus is that taxpayer funded stadiums do not spur economic growth. In fact, in many places, growth is stunted. Reports HERE and HERE.
​
Asking Arlington residents with a median income of $52,000 a year to fork over their money to millionaires and billionaires so that they do not have to pay for their own stadium is just wrong.
​
This decision will appear on the November 8th ballot, for Arlington registered voters. We reccommend voting a resounding NO. The City wants you to think it's a vote to "keep the Rangers", and continue an "existing tax". Don't be fooled. This is a vote for a NEW tax, or else we wouldn't need the election. The current half-cent tax will soon drop off, returning the money to its rightful owners - the TAX PAYERS. As for the Rangers? If they want to leave Arlington, then why would we want to stop them? If they want a brand-new shiney stadium, they have plenty of money to build one themselves. Arlington will be more than happy to lease them the land. No biggie.
Connacht Rugby and the IRFU are delighted to announce that John Muldoon has signed a new contract for the 2016/17 season.
The Portumna native is currently in their 13th season of a professional career at the club and has captained the side for five of those seasons.
Muldoon made their senior debut in 2004 and has since played 260 times for the province, including 58 European games. The highest capped player, both for Connacht and in the PRO12 league, Muldoon has played in 11 of Connacht's 15 games this season, starting all but one. They touched down for their 16th Connacht try in the memorable win over Enisei-STM in Siberia last November.
The 33-year-old blindside flanker has played for Ireland on three occasions, the last cap coming against New Zealand in June 2010. They were called up to the Irish squad during the 2012 November's Guinness Series but the back rower's campaign was cut short when they were forced off with an injury during the second half of Ireland XV's non-cap international against Fiji.
Commenting on their extended stay, Connacht captain John Muldoon said:
“It was very easy for me to sign on with Connacht for another year. I love this place, and I couldn't imagine playing anywhere else now. I'm definitely the ‘old man' in the squad now that Swifty (Michael Swift) is gone but I don't feel it. Playing and training with these younger lads just drives me on even further and I'm really enjoying what we're doing as a squad.
“Connacht has changed immeasurably since I started out but every year we have been building and I've just loved being a part of it. There have been plenty of highs and lows but those experiences, particularly the lows, just remind me of how far we have come.
“I'm excited about the rest of the season and the next and I believe we can achieve big things for Connacht.”
CEO Willie Ruane commented:
“I'm delighted for Connacht Rugby, our supporters and for John themselves that they will be playing at the Sportsground next season. Having spent their entire rugby career with Connacht, John is a valued member of the club and highly respected both here and in the community.
“When you hear John speak to their teammates, whether before or after a game or just a quiet word with one of the Academy players, you can see clearly how much it all means to him. They bring a great deal to Connacht Rugby, both on and off the pitch, and we're delighted to have them for at least another year.”
Head Coach Pat Lam added:
“Not only is John one of the most consistent players in terms of their performances, they are a hugely respected individual as our captain. After so many years, they continue to demand high standards of themselves and of everyone around him. With the amount of youth we have coming through, you cannot underestimate the importance of their experience and their character when it comes to helping others understand who and what Connacht stands for. They epitomise the ‘Connacht man' and is a great example to our younger players about what you can achieve with hard work”
“Personally I am very happy to be working with John again next season.”
President Donald Trump spent their weekend tweeting about sports while U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico continued to deal with “apocalyptic” conditions in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
Trump kicked off their sports tweets Saturday by saying they wouldn't allow the NBA's Golden State Warriors to visit the White House after player Stephen Curry said they didn't want to go.
That afternoon, Trump started a tirade against athletes kneeling or sitting during the national anthem, a protest started last year by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who refused to stand during the anthem to protest oppression and police brutality against black people.
Trump tweeted about sports 17 times between Saturday and Monday morning. They didn't tweet once about Puerto Rico, where citizens have been largely without power, water or means of communication since Maria hit Wednesday as a Category 5 hurricane.
Ricardo Rosselló, the governor of Puerto Rico, has called for a greater federal response to the disaster, which left at least 13 people dead. Polls show many mainland residents don't realize that Puerto Ricans are Americans. In fact, 3.5 million U.S. citizens live there.
Supplies were running low in many areas of Puerto Rico Monday, and outside assistance was complicated by damaged airports and harbors, according to The Washington Post. After suffering damage in the storm, the Guajataca Dam threatened to burst, putting more lives in danger, causing more devastation and complicating rescue and recovery efforts.
RICARDO ARDUENGO via Getty Images A house destroyed by hurricane winds is seen in Corozal, west of San Juan, Puerto Rico, on Sept. 24 following the passage of Hurricane Maria.
Trump has defended their use of social media as “MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL.” The White House communications team has repeatedly referred to Trump's feed to answer questions, arguing that the tweets speak for themselves.
But Trump chose not to use the platform to comment on the situation in Puerto Rico over the weekend.
They approved an emergency declaration for Puerto Rico on Sept. 17, after the territory sustained over $1 billion in damages from Hurricane Irma. Speaking in New York last week, Trump acknowledged that Puerto Rico “was absolutely obliterated” by Maria, and said they would visit the territory, though they didn't specify when.
Trump also acknowledged Puerto Rico during a Friday night rally in Alabama, but their comments were largely overshadowed by their remarks on NFL owners and black athletes who protest during the anthem.
“Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a bitch off the field right now, he's fired?'” Trump said, sparking outrage among NFL stars and others.
Trump later argued their remarks had “nothing to do with race.”
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017
But their comments on the sports protests ― started by Kaepernick as a comment on racial injustice ― are a stark contrast to their recent comments on white supremacists, some of whom they called “very fine people.”
As Trump returned to D.C. after a weekend at their golf club in New Jersey, they again refused to acknowledge the devastation in Puerto Rico, instead sending a tweet about tax reform.
An ambitious project by a California company to install solar panels for more than 100,000 military housing units has been revived with private financing after it failed to receive a loan guarantee from the federal government.
The company, SolarCity, plans to announce Wednesday that Bank of America Merrill Lynch will lend it up to $350 million to put solar electric panels on roofs and other areas to power as many as 120,000 homes for military personnel over the next five years.
Under the program, which would roughly double the number of homes with solar power if fully carried out, SolarCity will install, operate and own the solar systems, said Lyndon Rive, the company's chief executive. Customers will pay the company for the electricity they use, with any unused power feeding back to the military bases.
The San Mateo, Calif., company had originally hoped to serve up to 160,000 homes with the help of a loan guarantee from the Obama administration. In early September the energy secretary, Steven Chu, announced preliminary approval of a guarantee that would have covered $275 million of a $344 million loan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch for the program, called SolarStrong.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the public uproar over the bankruptcy of Solyndra, a solar module maker that had received a $535 million loan guarantee from the same program, cast a pall over other companies' applications even as the Energy Department was racing to evaluate them before the guarantee program expired on Sept. 30.
Look, let's be clear, I'm not a fan of DC. To be a little more specific, I am not a fan of DC's business practices and editorial decisions. All of that being said, yesterday the internet perpetuated one of my least favourite of its trends: snap judgement from journalists fishing for hits.
Late Wednesday night W. Haden Blackman and J.H. Williams III, the writer and artist of Batwoman, respectively, posted a message on the former's blog that they would be leaving the title. Here's the section of that post that has received the most attention [emphasis added]:
Unfortunately, in recent months, DC has asked us to alter or completely discard many long-standing storylines in ways that we feel compromise the character and the series. We were told to ditch plans for Killer Croc's origins; forced to drastically alter the original ending of our current arc, which would have defined Batwoman's heroic future in bold new ways; and, most crushingly, prohibited from ever showing Kate and Maggie actually getting married. All of these editorial decisions came at the last minute, and always after a year or more of planning and plotting on our end.
From what I can tell, the news was first broken by The Outhouse, and was soon followed by all the other major comic book news outlets. ComicsAlliance and Newsarama both likewise delivered the news straight, but elsewhere this wasn't the case.
io9 published a post titled “DC forbids Batwoman's gay marriage, creative team leaves” [which has since been updated], and Bleeding Cool went with the headline “JH Williams III Walks Off Batwoman Over DC Not Allowing Them Marriage To Maggie Sawyer” [has also since been updated]. The truth is that neither of these headlines are entirely inaccurate. The issue is that neither of them are entirely accurate, either.
This is sensationalism at its finest, folks. DC editorial is doing poorly, I will give you that. Keeping that in mind, the fact that Kate [Batwoman] and Maggie [her girlfriend] were unable to be depicted being married is just one drop in the bucket when it comes to why both Blackman and Williams left. That is not even close to being the sole reason.
Moving forward, let's get the facts straight and focus on what exactly DC was forbidding. People all over the internet have gotten all up in arms about the publisher outright forbidding a gay marriage, and, well, let's get some hard evidence up in this post:
@andykhouri Not wanting to be inflammatory, only factual- We fought to get them engaged, but were told emphatically no marriage can result. — J.H. Williams III (@JHWilliamsIII) September 5, 2013
@andykhouri But must clarify- was never put to us as being anti-gay marriage. — J.H. Williams III (@JHWilliamsIII) September 5, 2013
For all of you non-comic book readers out there, let me elaborate a little on comic book storytelling. Marriages are the enemy. No, that sentiment isn't borne out of the fact that I used to work for a divorce marketing company, it's based on the Big Two publishers believing that marrying off heroes limits storytelling.
See that on the right? That are Peter Parker and Mary Jane
literally selling their marriage to the devil. I'm not going into why or how, but that is how badly editorial at the time wanted to end their union. At present Spider-Man is single [I'm likewise not going to get into what other changes have occurred since then], and as a result they are able to have conflict with girlfriends and bemoan their loneliness and not have to worry as much about people they care about being hurt.
Returning to DC, in their present continuity Superman and Lois aren't married [or even dating], and a many other longstanding marriages have never taken place. If anything, the company is giving fair treatment to all marriages regardless of the orientation of those in them.
Look, I'm glad Haden and Williams are refusing to put up with meddlesome editorial, especially in light of all the disappointment and frustration they've faced in the past year or so. That being said, let's read thoroughly through what is really being said here by all parties. Let us also not allow ourselves to be swept away by what I can only dub sensationalist journalism.
To end, a DC spokesperson has since told ComicsAlliance and Comic Book Resources, “As acknowledged by the creators involved, the editorial differences with the writers of Batwoman had nothing to do with the sexual orientation of the character.” I, at the very least, am inclined to believe them.
US Citizen Facing 15 Years In Jail For Linking From Their Blog To An Unauthorized Bio Of Thai King
from the goodbye-tourism dept
"I do not want to fight this case. I plead guilty to all the accusations," they told judges.
I'm curious if Thailand is purposely trying to kill off its rather lucrative tourism business. We've discussed in the past that Thailand has strict laws against "insulting" the king. These lèse majesté laws are used widely in Thailand to stop any sort of political criticism. They've been used to block entire sites including YouTube, and to arrest website owners for the comments on their site.Lately, Thailand has been trying to use those laws against US citizens. Last month, we wrote about the case of Anthony Chai, a US citizen who had posted some anonymous comments critical of the king. In that case, the Canadian/US firm that hosted the site handed Chai's identity over to the Thai government without question, and Chai was arrested recently while visiting.In a similar case, US citizen Joe Gordon had posted a link on their blog to an unauthorized bio of the king... and was then arrested when visiting Thailand, the news has come out that after months of denying the charges, Gordon has decided they can't take it any more and has agreed to plead guilty At this point, I'm not sure why any US citizen would ever agree to visit Thailand again. If you merely link to an unauthorized bio of the king, you could end up in jail. Furthermore, I'm curious as to what the Thai leadership thinks it's accomplishing with these actions. Honestly, without these cases, I'd never even know about the Thai king at all. It seems like each of these actions only brings greater negative attention on the king than if he'd just ignored such things.
Filed Under: anthony chai, free speech, joe gordeon, lese majeste, thailand
CARACAS, Venezuela - After 140 bricks of cocaine coming from Venezuela turned up in Santo Domingo, a high-ranking socialist loyalist indicted on charges that they took bribes from drug traffickers touted the arrests of several subordinates.
Five members of the Venezuelan National Guard were facing charges Saturday after a cocaine trafficking operation was foiled in the Dominican Republic.
Néstor Reverol allegedly facilitated drug trafficking and obstructed drugs investigations, prosecutors said in a 2015 indictment. Fernando Llano/AP FILE
Gen. Néstor Reverol, commander of the Venezuelan National Guard and one of President Nicolas Maduro's top loyalists, told reporters during a news conference Friday that four sergeants and a lieutenant were trafficking cocaine out of the Simón Bolívar de Maiquetía International Airport.
Reverol said the goal was to "dismantle the entire gang until getting to the leaders, bosses, of this organization."
Four pieces of luggage with the cargo left on a Láser Airlines flight to the Dominican Republic. Authorities in Santo Domingo believe the U.S. was the intended final destination of the cocaine. U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration investigators believe Venezuela has long served as a trafficking route for cocaine out of Colombia.
Despite accusations from the U.S. that Reverol was part of the "Cartel of the Suns" involving high-ranking members of the Venezuelan military who were protecting cocaine shipments from Colombia, Maduro promoted them last year.
The 53-year-old former head of the Venezuelan anti-drug agency is now the minister of the people's power for interior relations and justice of Venezuela.
In 2016, U.S. prosecutors unsealed a Jan. 1, 2015, indictment against Reverol on charges that they were accepting bribes to help drug traffickers. Two of their nephews -- Franqui Francisco Flores de Freitas, 30, and Efraín Antonio Campo Flores, 29, -- were convicted in a conspiracy to import cocaine to the U.S. They were arrested in Haiti.
Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The drink-driving limit in England and Wales may be lowered to make it illegal to drive after one pint of lager or a small glass of wine, the Goverment has indicated.
Ministers said they could follow the example of Scotland, where the drink drive limit was lowered in 2014 from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg, if there is "robust evidence" that it will save lives.
The new limit would be equivalent to a pint of beer or large glass of wine for a man and half a pint of beer or a small glass of wine for a woman.
The Government has previously said that the current drink driving limit in England and Wales "strikes an important balance between safety and personal freedom".
But Andrew Jones, a transport minister, said in response to a parliamentary question that they will meet with their Scottish counterpart to discuss the impact of lowering the limit.
They said: "I am intending to discuss with the Scottish Minister about the experience of the lower limit in Scotland and about the timescales to get access to robust evidence of the road safety impact.
• Current drink-drive limits explained
"It is important to base our decisions on evidence and the Scottish experience will be crucial to that before we consider any possible changes to the limits in England and Wales.
"This Government's current position however remains to focus resources on enforcing against the most serious offenders."
The current 80mg limit in England and Wales is one of the highest in Europe, while several EU nations have banned drinking while driving entirely.
It is equivalent to one and a half small glasses of average strength wine or one and a half pints of normal strength beer.
Drink driving led to 240 fatalities and 1,080 serious injuries in 2014, the most recent figures available.
The new limit in Scotland came into force in December 2014. Police Scotland said that in the nine months after the drink drive limit was introduced the number of offences fell by 12.5 per cent.
There is also evidence it has changed social attitudes. In December a survey suggested that 82 per cent of Scots now believe that drinking any alcohol before driving is unacceptable.
An analysis by the RAC Foundation said that lowering the limit would have saved 25 lives last year and prevented 95 people being seriously injured.
Doctors and police chiefs have have been calling for England to lower the drink drive limit, while polls have suggested that three quarters of the public back a lower limit.
Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: “Ministers in Westminster are right to remain open minded about drink-drive limits and ready to assess evidence from north of the border.
“It would be a poor argument to say cut the drink-drive limit just because others have done it but there is now plenty of data to suggest a change would have a marked improvement in road safety terms.
“Despite rapid traffic growth the number of people killed in drink-drive accidents has fallen dramatically over time. But the weight of evidence is that we could do more.
“Drink-drive policy has not moved on for half a century. But the momentum now seems to be in favour of change. This is not about following the crowd but following the evidence.”
Edmund King, the president of the AA, said that lowering the limit would require motorists to be more aware of the limit the morning after an evening of drinking.
"With a lower limit, drivers will also have to be aware of being over the limit the morning after" Edmund King, the president of the AA
"A majority of AA members support a lower limit and it seems a sensible step to bring us into line with Scotland and the majority of European counltries.
"However, it would probably be more effective for the police to target hard-core offenders who are way over the current limit as they are involved in the most deaths and injuries on the road.
"With a lower limit, drivers will also have to be aware of being over the limit the morning after. Our research shows that almost 20 per cent of drivers has driven the morning after when they believed they could be over the limit."
"Our advice remains unchanged: don't take the risk by driving after you have had a drink" Andrew Jones, a transport minister
Mr Jones later attempted to clarify their comments. They said: "Britain continues to have some of the safest roads in the world because we crack down on those who break the law, and the government believes rigorous enforcement and serious penalties for drink drivers are a more effective deterrent than changing the drink driving limit.
“We continue to look at the best ways to improve road safety but the drink driving limit for England and Wales strikes an important balance between safety and personal freedom. By having our limit, we are not criminalising those who drink a small amount a long time before driving, but our advice remains unchanged: don't take the risk by driving after you have had a drink”.
Richard Adams' beloved novel—and the infamously traumatizing 1978 animated adaptation—about a group of rabbits in search of a new home is getting an all-star re-imagining from Netflix and the BBC. In? Better roles for female characters. Out? Apparently, some of the novel's shocking moments of brutality.
The BBC has been circling a new adaptation of the 1972 novel since 2014, but today's announcement of a partnership with Netflix will see the four-part CGI series hit the streaming service and UK television simultaneously in 2017. There's already an incredibly impressive cast associated with the project, including James McAvoy, John Boyega, Sir Ben Kingsley, Gemma Arterton, Nicholas Hoult, and many more.
Advertisement
Despite its extensive mythological rabbit civilization, its religious symbolism, and its dystopian themes of individualism in opposition to the corporate state, Watership Down is possibly best remembered for its incredible violence—especially the animated movie, which has horrified young kids with its bunny-on-bunny violence for decades.
It's something the new adaptation won't quite be so well known for, apparently—in an interview with The Telegraph, the series' executive producer confirmed that the new show will “tone down the levels of on-screen violence to make it more appropriate for children,” while boosting the female parts from the original book (something modern critics have heavily critiqued). But won't toning down the violence be missing a large part of the story's point?
We'll find out next year when the new Watership Down arrives on Netflix and BBC One.
Horror Roleplaying in the 1890s England
IN THE 1890s, Cthulhu and their minions share the globe with the mighty British Empire. But they owe allegiance to an empire of their own — a dark and cruel design on ownership of the world and on the dreams of humanity. Even among the green fields of rural England, only thoughtful and energetic intervention keeps the shadows at bay.
CTHULHU BY GASLIGHT offers a thoroughly developed Victorian England setting for use with Call of Cthulhu. Character creation has been enhanced with new wrinkles. There are articles on the Victorian world, crime, politics, personalities, and so forth. There are extensive sections on the Cthulhu Mythos in Britain — creatures, cults, and books — and a précis of Ramsey Campbell's Severn River Valley. Also included are tips on running various types of Gaslight-era campaigns, a gazetteer of intriguing British myths and legends, a selection of friends and foes from Victorian fiction, and a lengthy bibliography/filmography of suggested reading and viewing. Rounding out this edition are a pair of Victorian-era scenarios — one an urban adventure set in London, the other set in rural Dartmoor. Includes a two-color, fold-out map of the City of London.
If you are playing with Call of Cthulhu 7th Edition, get the character sheets here.
These are the first photos of a completed version of Ferrari's replacement for the Enzo supercar. They appeared in the latest issue of Ferrari Magazine, the automaker's official rag.
The design in the photos shows a direct link with past and present Ferraris, including some influences from the FXX track car and the latest F12 Berlinetta.
They also show a double-bubble roof design whose popularity has seen a resurgence in recent years. Other cars featuring the roof design include the Hennessey Venom GT and SRT Viper.
Responsible for the styling of the new supercar is Ferrari's in-house designer Flavio Manzoni, who has described it as having a three-curve profile (one curve for the front fender, one sweeping curve for the roof and one final curve for the rear fender) and extensive glass area. Aerodynamics have played a large role in dictating the design, though the overall aesthetics haven't been overlooked, as these images confirm.
Previously, all we've seen of the new Ferrari flagship have been its carbon fiber monocoque, its hybrid powertrain and heavily disguised prototypes. But with the release of these new photos we now have a much better idea as to what the final design will look like.
To recap what we know so far, the Enzo replacement, which may or may not be called the F70, will use a V-12 engine in conjunction with two electric motors--one used to aid the engine by also powering the rear wheels, and the second used to power electrical accessories--to boost power and reduce emissions. Combined output is rumored to be in excess of 800 horsepower, with some claiming as much as 920 hp may be on tap, and the curb weight could be as low as 2,425 pounds.
The entire chassis will be crafted from carbon fiber, with various components built from different carbon materials for optimum weight and strength. Four different carbon fiber blends are used in the tub alone, and each will be handcrafted to the same level of care given to a Ferrari F1 chassis.
Ferrari has stated that its long-awaited Enzo successor will be revealed around the end of the year, so hopefully we'll see it in all its glory very soon.
Egg hunt: Justin Bieber's house was raided by police. Credit:AP According to media reports in the US, damage of $20,000 was caused. The costs included replastering the front of the house and restaining the doors. A media report quoted the unnamed neighbour as saying that they confronted Bieber, 19, after the egging but that the singer swore at them and continued to throw eggs. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department confirmed the search warrant had been executed.
"We are executing a search warrant on Justin Bieber's home this morning as part of our now felony vandalism investigation into the allegations that they egged a neighbour's home," they said. The full search included 11 patrol cars and a battering ram. According to reports, Bieber was detained in their garage while the house was searched. Police arrested a friend of the singer, 19-year-old rapper Lil Za, on a drug possession charge. According to deputies at the scene, cocaine was "in plain view" during the raid.
A spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said Bieber "has not been arrested nor exonerated at this time". The spokesperson said Bieber was "at the home at the time of the raid" and was "being co-operative with detectives".
Tom Brady was asked Monday morning on a Boston radio show whether he'd taken advantage of Massachusetts's early voting period, which ended Friday.
“No, I haven't voted yet,” Brady said.
Hmm, that's interesting, because here's what Donald Trump said Monday night in New Hampshire.
Trump says Tom Brady called them today and said they voted for Trump — Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) November 8, 2016
Whether Brady voted or not, their wife, model Gisele Bundchen, said they will not be casting a vote for Trump after being asked about it three days ago on Instagram.
Just throwing this out there. (Top comments.) pic.twitter.com/a3svMKTLGx — Doug Kyed (@DougKyed) November 8, 2016
Follow Follow Extra Mustard on Facebook
• Jarryd Hayne's cyber safety presentation interrupted by, you guessed it, porn
But wait, it gets better! Bill Belichick sent Trump a letter, and it definitely didn't sound like Trump had written it himself. (Though despite the decidedly Trump-like language in the letter, CSN New England confirmed on Tuesday morning that Belichick had indeed sent Trump a note).
In unrelated news, here is a headline from Friday's Toronto Star: “Donald Trump said 560 false things, total.”
UPDATE: According to the Boston Globe, Brady filled out their absentee ballot in Brookline, Mass. about two hours after their radio interview on Monday. Who they cast their vote for remains unknown.
Iranian soldiers march during a parade marking the country's Army Day on April 18, 2017 in Tehran
ADVERTISING Read more
Tehran (AFP)
At least four soldiers were killed and eight injured when one of their colleagues opened fire on a military air base in southern Tehran on Sunday, the Iranian military said in a statement.
The incident was "probably related to psychological problems of the soldier who suddenly started firing on their comrades," the statement said.
It took place on a shooting range, and could also have been the result of a gun misfiring, the statement added.
"The injured were transported to a medical centre and an investigation has been opened," it said.
State television reported a similar incident last month when a serviceman opened fire at a barracks in Abyek, around 40 kilometres northwest of Tehran, killing three and injuring six.
The gunman in that incident, who had reportedly been denied a transfer to their home town, shot themselves but survived their injuries, according to the ISNA news agency.
Military service of two years is mandatory for Iranian men when they turn 19.
© 2017 AFP
It's the end of the road for “The Knick.”
The Cinemax medical drama from Steven Soderbergh will not return for a third season, sources tell Variety.
“The Knick” last aired in December 2015, wrapping up its second season by seemingly killing off its main character, lead by star Clive Owen. However, Variety was first to report that a script and outline for Season 3 had been ordered with creators Michael Begler and Jack Amiel both set to return as executive producers and writers.
Insiders say that at one point, discussions were had for a double-renewal that would take the series through a third and fourth season, which would move to an entirely new time period with an entirely new cast, but set in the same hospital. The idea was for the show to have jumped 20 years ahead to the 1920's for Season 3, and then jump forward another 20 years for subsequent seasons., showing the medical advancements through the decades. As part of the plan, Soderbergh was going to direct each episode.
The first two seasons starred Owen as Dr. Thackery, who in the Season 2 finale, appeared to die on the table, after a botched attempt to perform surgery on himself. Following the episode, when asked if they are indeed dead, Owen told Variety, “It certainly looks that way.”
Related After 'The Knick,' Andre Holland Sets Their Sights on Bigger Film, TV Roles Emmy-Nominated 'Game of Thrones,' 'Penny Dreadful' Hairstylists Share Their Secrets
After Season 2 had wrapped in Dec. 2015, a spokesperson for the net said: “Cinemax has been in conversations with Steven Soderbergh on how we might continue with ‘The Knick.' When first conceived, the series was always meant to be presented in a two-year story arc, and Steven has been meeting with the writers to discuss how to proceed.”
In an interview with Variety last year, Soderbergh said he's always thought of “The Knick” as a six-season run that would reset after every two seasons.
“It was always conceived in two-year chunks,” they said early last year. “The writers met yesterday to talk about what year three and four would look like — when would it take place, who are the characters. We always imagined every two years we would annihilate what came before and start over. And that's what we're doing now…I hope we can figure it out. I hope we come up with something that I look at it and go, OK, I want to spend another two years of my life on that. Because that's really the question. It's an intense experience — rewarding, but I want to make sure we want to keep the bar at the same height or higher.”
“The Knick” aired at a time when Soderbergh, an Oscar-winner for “Traffic,” had stepped away from the film business to concentrate on other art forms. He's ended their semi-retirement and is back behind the camera on “Logan Lucky,” an ensemble comedy with Channing Tatum and Daniel Craig that debuts this summer.
Update, 10:35 a.m. PT: Following Variety‘s story being published, Cinemax confirmed “The Knick's” cancellation, sending this statement:
“After a critically acclaimed two-season run of THE KNICK on Cinemax, we will not be going forward with additional episodes of the series,” said Kary Antholis, president, HBO Miniseries and Cinemax Programming. “Despite our pride in and affection for the series, as well as our respect for and gratitude towards Steven Soderbergh and their team, we have decided to return Cinemax to its original primetime series fare of high-octane action dramas, many of which will be internationally co-produced.”
That is the view of Jose Mourinho, who during last season's championship-winning campaign relied heavily on Eden Hazard and Willian in those positions.
With Kenedy lined-up on the left-hand side instead of Hazard against Walsall and with the Brazilian developing well, the manager has increasing options.
‘Kenedy can play there, but also Pedro can,' notes Mourinho, ‘because for Pedro to play on the right or the left is the exactly same thing.
‘With Pedro, Hazard, Willian and Kenedy, we have no problems, we have competition, we can rotate, we can decide.'
Coming directly to Chelsea from Fluminense in their homeland, there was less known in England about the 19-year-old than is often the case when a new signing comes from a European club. This reduces the spotlight on a young player and is an advantage reckons our manager, who was ultimately convinced to include Kenedy in their first team squad for this season, rather than further their development at a loan club, by what they saw during pre-season.
‘It is perfect - quiet, calm, let them play when they play and catch the opportunities,' says Mourinho on the subject of Kenedy's low-key introduction.
‘Bertrand Traore had the opportunity against Maccabi and Kenedy did against Walsall, and Ruben Loftus-Cheek did in both matches. This is the way to do it with them - calm, let them play, let them learn. They are good players with very good potential.
‘Kenedy had a good pre-season in the States and they played the game against Barcelona,' Mourinho adds.
‘It was a friendly but they were playing against good players in front of over 75,000 with a big atmosphere. The fact that they could mentally cope with it gave us a little push, and for the evolution of the players it is better if they can stay with us, even if they don't play as much as they could play in a smaller club. I always feel that with young players, that period with the Chelsea first team is very important for them.'
Female gamers are quite used to hearing guys online say the equivalent of, “IT'S-A ME, SEXIST JERK!” But now, they've got scientific evidence of what we've all long suspected—namely, those men are compensating for something. According to a new study at the Kasumovic Lab, males who are verbally hostile to women while playing games are also much more likely to suck at the game. It's a quantitative demonstration of something obvious, or at least obvious to everyone except for the guys guilty of this behavior.
Based on a representative sampling of 163 games of Halo 3 played last year, researchers show the worse a male player was, the more likely they were to verbally abuse a female teammate, with the likelihood increasing if they were also someone to whom they were losing. (Almost as if they hated the thought of a woman succeeding in an area they viewed as their own.) Even when the team prevented data skewing by controlling for the routine shit-talkers, the results were the same.
Advertisement
Now, this study doesn't include demographic data like age or background, and one could argue that people playing Halo 3 don't exactly make for an accurate sampling of all video game players. But it certainly does make for a relatively accurate sample of dudes who play games like Halo 3. So the next time you hear a male player treating a female player worse than their male counterparts, take comfort in the knowledge that it's probably because that guy sucks, and not just in life.
[Via Uproxx]
El Niño vs the Drought
Joshua Jenkins Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 19, 2016
How much is the recent onslaught of rain storms helping the California drought? Some, but it's not erasing it. At least from the vantage point of reservoir capacity.
I stumbled upon California's Department of Water Resources / CDEC website as part of a larger analysis. It has a lot of great data. Particularly, up-to-date sensor data for the major reservoirs in the currently green but trending golden state.
Of the 12 reservoirs listed on the CDEC website all of them are trending well below average capacity for the year despite the extremely wet weather.
This is Lake Shasta's data as of today. It's the largest reservoir with CDEC data by a healthy margin. All of these graphs come from the CDED site. You can generate your own if you like.
I actually had to modify the graph to remove one blue line, they seem really excited about blue lines.
The historical average reservoir storage level is the hard-to-see aqua in the background, and the thick blue line that stops around today's date is the current storage level. All values are in acre feet which is such an absurd unit of measurement. The straight blue line is total capacity, which I believe is included for spite. The top curved blue line is a particularly wet year and the red line is a particularly dry year. We're averaging somewhere in the same vicinity of a really dry year.
Think about how little it rained last year. If this year is something like a traditionally dry year then what was last year?
Unfortunately the CDEC doesn't seem to have data on the Hetch Hetchy reservoir where most of the San Francisco bay area's water comes from, but we can look at more reservoirs throughout the state to get a broader picture.
Things are much worse in the central valley. The New Melones Reservoir, just into the Sierras from Modesto and Stockton, is in pretty bad shape.
Granted the dry year looks demonically grim, but this year is still just a quarter of the historical average.
Things are a little better in southern California at Castaic Lake, but we're still trending at less than 50% of the average, well below the reference dry year.
Rainfall is only one piece of the drought puzzle. You also have to consider snowpack and water usage across various sectors (urban, agriculture, ecological, etc) and more.
I wanted to share the little slice that I've learned. There's plenty more to uncover.
We're lucky to live in a time where you can look at the pissing rain and wonder to yourself how much it's affecting the drought and after a couple hours of fighting with a very bad government website you can have some kind of blob that resembles the shadow of an answer.
There's a bunch more on the CDEC website.
NEW DELHI: 'Perform or perish'. This is one of the mantras of good governance being followed by the Modi government to make its workforce accountable, a senior personnel ministry official has said.The ministry has taken actions like premature retirement and cut in remuneration against 381 civil services officers, including 24 from the Indian Administrative Service ( IAS ) officers, for being non-performers and allegedly being involved in illegal activities, they said.It highlighted these measures in a booklet titled '3 years of sustained HR initiatives: Foundation for a new India' and in a presentation made before Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently."To ensure accountability of bureaucracy, the government has made probity and performance the twin pillars on which good governance rests," the booklet said.Strict action has also been initiated against officers on foreign postings who were continuing on such assignments beyond their approved tenures, it said."These strict measures have gone a long way towards inculcating a sense of discipline and accountability in the bureaucracy and have sent a message to employees to either perform or perish, while having a positive impact on the performing workforce," the ministry said.It said the records of 11,828 Group A officers, including 2,953 all India services like the IAS, the Indian Police Service (IPS) and the Indian Forest Service (IFoS), were reviewed.The service records of 19,714 Group B officers were also reviewed to eliminate the deadwood and the corrupt.In the presentation before the prime minister, the ministry said action was taken against 381 bureaucrats.A total of 25 Group A officers, including one IAS and two IPS, and 99 Group B officers were prematurely retired by the government, the ministry said.As many as 21 civil servants, including ten IAS officers, deemed to have resigned, it said.The penalties like dismissal, removal or compulsorily retirement and cut in pension was imposed on 37 Group A officers that included five from the IAS.In addition to this, 199 Group A officers, including eight from the IAS, were penalised on remuneration, it said.The ministry, while highlighting its initiatives, said there was "visible demonstration of the will of the State in punishing wrongdoers".
After three podium finishes in three tries, Orica-GreenEdge's hopes for another medal at the team time trial World Championships fell short Sunday in Richmond. Related Articles Orica-GreenEdge aiming for World Championship TTT title in Richmond
BMC repeat as team time trial World Champions
Worlds shorts: Pate, Viviani weather TTT, Tuft ends season
The Cyclingnews podcast: Interviews with Taylor Phinney, MichaÅ Kwiatkowski and Kristy Scrymgeour
Orica GreenEdge: 2015 Report Card
The Australian team slipped to fourth behind BMC, Etixx-QuickStep and Movistar after losing one rider early in the 38.8km event and another later as the team approached the final climb to the finish.
"We lost a rider early, and then we lost another with about four or five K to go, so we had to go a bit slower up the climb than we expected. So that cost us," said Luke Durbridge, who joined Sam Bewley , Michael Hepburn, Michael Matthews, Jens Mouris and Svein Tuft on the Orica TTT roster.
Orica was the third-fastest team through the first two time checks but then slipped to fourth behind Movistar at the third. Losing the riders obviously cost the team. Bewley was the first rider to pop off the pace in the early going. Mouris was next.
Durbridge said the team was obviously unhappy to slip out of the medals, but their real focus was on the win, and anything short of that would have been a disappointment.
"I think if we ran third or we ran second we'd still be disappointed," they said. "We come here try and win but we weren't even in the ballpark today. I'll have to have a look and analyse the ride later, but BMC is a super strong team and full credit to them. We'll be back again next year, I guess."
Durbridge will have a chance for redemption sooner than that. On Wednesday he'll compete for Australia in the individual time trial. He's been in Richmond for more than three weeks now to prepare for today's race and Wednesday's test.
"I've been here awhile, maybe too long," they said. "It's been good though. Richmond's been great. The support has been absolutely fantastic and the roads have been beautiful and everyone's been supportive. This has probably been one of the best Worlds I've ever been to. I've spent 22 days in one place and the weather's been great. Couldn't ask for better.
"I'm feeling quite good, so I'll recover for this and then move on."
Click here to subscribe to the Cyclingnews podcast on iTunes and here for our complete World Championships coverage.
“I can't help sharing some thoughts about today's march in Kyiv. These pictures were shown first on Russian television: tires, firecrackers, reports on injured police officers and injured civilians. These pictures have been circulated deliberately to allege that some are trying to destabilize the situation in the country. I'd like to stress my absolutely clear position once again: there is no military way to retake Donbas,” Poroshenko said at a meeting of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council on May 20.
Ensuring international solidarity and supporting the country that provides an appropriate level of security, releasing hostages, withdrawing occupying forces from the occupied territories, [involving] political principles of the settlement, retaking control over the Ukrainian state border is a key position for Ukraine, the president said.
In addition, it allows for an effective extension of the special monitoring mission and the deployment of a special armed OSCE police mission, which would help ensure a peaceful transition.
Poroshenko stressed that the basic principles of the Minsk agreements were built on their peace plan. “Derailing the peace process under the guise of any idea is absolutely irresponsible towards the state, and it will only lead to the fact that part of Donetsk and Luhansk will remain under occupation a result of these processes,” Poroshenko said.
“I cannot let it happen as a commander-in-chief, as president. This is far from being my scenario,” they said.
In their words, most Ukrainians support peace and the peaceful return of Ukrainian sovereignty over the occupied territories. “We will stick to that course,” they added.
A spokesperson for Kyiv police later debunked media reports about injuries and the use of explosives during the Azov rally.
“Some media reported that explosives were used and one guardsman was injured during the Kyiv rally today. These reports are fakes. No explosive objects were used and nobody was injured,” press secretary of Kyiv's police Oksana Blyschyk wrote on Facebook on May 20 afternoon.
South Africa Wakes Up to Wal-Mart
Welcome to South Africa, Wal-Mart. The SACCAWU union is leading the battle against the "Wal-Martification" of the country's economy. (RAJESH JANTILAL/AFP/Getty Images)
The power struggle between labor unions and Wal-Mart has raged for years in communities across the country, though the retail behemoth's PR machine has managed to maintain its spiffy brand and unbeatable low prices. But the company may see challenges ahead as it moves onto new frontiers. The next battleground could be South Africa's burgeoning consumer marketplace, and labor groups are watching nervously as the Biggest Box of All descends on Africa.
Wal-Mart plans to take control of South African counterpart Massmart, to build out Wal-Mart's emerging dominon in Asia and the Western Hemisphere. But unlike China and other Wal-Martized developing nations, South Africa is known for its militant labor movement.
When Wal-Mart was negotiating for a majority stake in MassMart, the South African Commercial, Catering and Allied Workers Union (SACCAWU) sprang into action. SACCAWU, which claims to represent most of Massmart's workers, warned that the mere prospect of the Mart-Merger has emboldened anti-union forces.
A statement issued last month warned of “the beginning of the Walmartisation of the sector," noting that union leaders had:
observed a marked shift and increased hostility by many major retailers towards SACCAWU, engaging in aggressive rebranding, restructuring, re-engineering, repositioning culminating in retrenchments in most if not all cases; and general witch-hunts on shop-floor leaders in many stores throughout the country.
The union launched an education campaign to inform workers about Wal-Mart's arsenal of union-busting artillery, including instructions for management on “How To Remain Union Free.” From shutting down unionized stores to harassing organizers, the company has earned condemnation from the international human rights community.
SACCAWU's campaign led to the formation of a broad “Anti-Walmart Coalition” in early November. Criticizing the non-transparency of the dealmaking so far, the groups demanded the full engagement of labor in Wal-Mart's negotiations. The Coalition presented 15 demands, including:
There must not be cancellation of any existing agreements and down variation of terms and conditions of employment. The terms and conditions of employment covered by existing agreements with SACCAWU must be extended to all Massmart operations throughout the continent where the same do not exist. There must be clear local procurement policies towards developing local agriculture, food processing and manufacturing, economies with clear decent work imperatives in job creation.
And in a noteworthy nod to American compatriots, the coalition declared, “Walmart must stop its opposition to the U.S. Employee Free Choice Act.”
The coalition members, who included the members of Africa UNI Global Union for skills and services, and the Congress of South African Trade Unions, agreed on the need for “an assessment of the challenges of the dangers of this bid for the retail sector, the economy in general, decent work, new growth path, the Buy South Africa Campaign, implications for agriculture, local manufacturing and food processing, suppliers as well as distributors given Walmart`s procurement policies.”
The campaign in some ways parallels the US-based Wake-Up Wal-Mart campaign, affiliated with United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW). Though the campaign has over the years toned down its aggressive PR war, it continues to engage people on the community level—attacking the franchise from the standpoint of the consumer, taxpayer, underpaid associate, and mom-and-pop shop.
Michael Bride, UFCW's deputy organizing director for global strategies, told In These Times that the South Africa organizing effort could be a model for workers in Wal-Mart's original backyard:
What is interesting about South Africa at this point in time is that there is a vigorous debate raging in the country about the type of economy that is required in order to facilitate development—do people want a society blindly serving the economy or an economy delivering to citizens the type of society to which one should aspire? It is difficult to imagine against such a backdrop, that Walmart's business model, predicated on squeezing suppliers and aiming towards the lowest common denominator, will escape proper scrutiny.
If past is prologue, business-labor inmity will likely only intensify in South Africa's developing economy, regardless of Wal-Mart's promises to behave nicely. So far, though, the coalition's demands might be filtering up to executives, reports The Guardian:
Walmart, which has long battled with trade unions in the US, pledged today to "respect and honour all pre-existing contracts with organised labour bodies" and insisted it would continue to use local suppliers and manufacturers.
SACCAWU kept the pressure on in late November by mobilizing workers at various retail and wholesale firms for a one-day strike action to demand a “Centralised Bargaining Forum.” This mechanism would help develop industry-wide, standard labor agreements, which might act as a check on Wal-Mart's retail hegemony, particularly as Massmart plans to open dozens of new outlets annually throughout Africa.
In the context of Walmart entering the South African market our campaign for Centralised Bargaining should be seen as part of our struggle against... Walmart imposing their business model on South Africa, with its far reaching implications for the economy well beyond Massmart or the wholesale and retail sector.
But what will the struggle look like on grand opening day, when eager South African shoppers stream into the massive corporate bazaar that has already intoxicated millions around the globe? Even Wal-Mart's strongest critics seem resigned to its steady international expansion. Still, the experience of the South African unions suggests that labor can learn how to stay just one step ahead of the company's sprawling global footprint.
A group of Florida teens can be heard laughing and joking as they watch a man drown in a pond July 9, in an "extremely disturbing" video released by the Brevard County State Attorney's office.
The unidentified teens, ages 14 to 16, shout taunts and scream with laughter as the man dies in Cocoa, Florida Today reports. Police identified and interviewed the five teens involved, the Associated Press reported. None of the teens called 911, but the Cocoa police chief said they'll face no charges.
“As horrible as this video is the laws in the State of Florida do not obligate citizens to render aid or call someone to render aid to a person in distress,” Mike Cantaloupe, Cocoa Police Department chief, said in a statement about the Bracco Park incident.
"Get out the water, you're going down!" one teen is heard screaming in the audio portion of the video, which Florida Today published on its website.
"Are you scared to see a dead person?" one teen is heard asking another in another part of the audio, moments before the youths erupt in laughter again over the sounds of anguished screams in the background.
Jamel Dunn, 31, of Cocoa was identified Monday as the drowning victim. Their severely decomposed body was found floating at the edge of the retention pond Friday, after their fiancee had reported them missing July 12.
“Unfortunately there are no laws in Florida that apply to this scenario,” Cantaloupe said. “Perhaps this case may be what's needed to pass new laws. As chief of police there are times when I wish I could do more.”
A GoFundMe has been set up to help with Dunn's funeral expenses.
@tiffinit on Twitter or email ttheisen@orlandosentinel.com
Replacing the previous free Games with Gold Xbox 360 title, Motocross Madness, you can now grab Dishonored for free.
You can sign in to Xbox Live and set the game to download remotely by heading here. Xbox One titles, Crimson Dragon and Strike Suit Zero, continue to be free until the end of the month, but you've officially missed your window to grab Motocross Madness.
For our review of Dishonored, head here.
As a reminder, Xbox One games will be available as long as you continue your membership. Xbox 360 games are yours to keep once you download them.
[Source: Major Nelson]
Our Take
Dishonored is an excellent, highly replayable action stealth game, that still feels like a fairly recent title. The bar has been raised in terms of free Xbox Live Gold Games. Definitely grab it if you haven't a chance to play it, yet. I would have liked to see all the game's DLC be included with free download (something that typically is done for PlayStation Plus games with DLC), but it's less of a complaint and more of minor disappointment.
HARARE (Reuters) - Robert Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe's president on Tuesday, a week after the army and their former political allies moved to end four decades of rule by a man once feted as an independence hero who became feared as a despot.
Their former vice president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking this month prompted the military takeover that forced Mugabe out, will be sworn in as president on Wednesday or Thursday, Patrick Chinamasa, legal secretary of the ruling ZANU-PF party, told Reuters.
The 93-year-old Mugabe had clung on for a week after an army takeover, with ZANU-PF urging them to go. They finally resigned moments after parliament began an impeachment process seen as the only legal way to force them out.
Wild celebrations broke out at a joint sitting of parliament when Speaker Jacob Mudenda read out Mugabe's brief resignation letter. Mugabe, confined to their Harare residence, did not appear.
People danced in the streets of Harare and car horns blared at the news that the era of Mugabe — who had led Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 — was finally over. Some brandished posters of Mnangagwa and army chief General Constantino Chiwenga.
Workers turned the Christmas lights on early in Africa Unity Square and people climbed aboard armored vehicles to pose for photographs with soldiers.
Despite the public outpouring of joy, Mugabe's downfall was as much the result of in-fighting among the political elite as a popular uprising, although thousands of people rallied against them in the days after the army intervened last week.
The army seized power after Mugabe sacked Mnangagwa, ZANU-PF's favorite to succeed him, in a bid to smooth a path to the presidency for their wife Grace, 52, known to their critics as “Gucci Grace” for their reputed fondness for luxury shopping.
Since the crisis began, Mugabe has been mainly confined to their “Blue Roof” mansion in the capital where Grace is also believed to be.
ZANU-PF chief whip Lovemore Matuke told Reuters that Mnangagwa would be sworn in within 48 hours and serve the remainder of Mugabe's term until the next election, which must be held by September 2018.
“DIGNITY AND JUSTICE”
“I am very happy with what has happened,” said Maria Sabawu, a supporter of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), outside the hotel where the impeachment process was happening.
“I have suffered a lot at the hands of Mugabe's government,” they said, showing their hand with a missing finger that they said was lost in violence during a presidential run-off election between Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai in 2008.
Mugabe had led Zimbabwe since a guerrilla struggle ended white-minority rule in the country formerly known as Rhodesia.
They took the once-rich nation to economic ruin, presiding over the forced takeover of white-owned farms at the end of the century, which devastated agricultural foreign exchange earnings and led to hyperinflation.
But brandishing their anti-colonial credentials and styling themselves the Grand Old Man of African politics, Mugabe retained the admiration of many people across the continent.
Amnesty International said that under Mugabe tens of thousands of people were tortured, forcibly disappeared or killed in a culture of impunity that allowed “grotesque crimes to thrive”.
“The people of Zimbabwe deserve better. The next generation of leaders must commit itself to upholding the constitution, living up to Zimbabwe's international human rights obligations and treating its people with dignity and justice,” the rights group said in a statement.
Zimbabweans celebrate after President Robert Mugabe resigns in Harare. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
DECADES OF ISOLATION
Mnangagwa, 75, who fled Zimbabwe after their sacking in fear for their safety, was a chief lieutenant to Mugabe for decades and themselves stands accused of participating in repression.
They were internal security chief in the mid-1980s when Mugabe deployed a North Korean-trained brigade against rebels during which 20,000 civilians were killed, according to rights groups.
Reuters reported in September that Mnangagwa was plotting to succeed Mugabe, with army backing, at the helm of a broad coalition to seek Zimbabwe's re-engagement with the world after decades of isolation from global lenders and donors.
Nicknamed “Ngwena”, or crocodile in the Shona language, an animal famed in Zimbabwean lore for its stealth and ruthlessness, Mnangagwa issued a statement from hiding on Tuesday calling on Zimbabweans to unite to rebuild the country.
Opposition politician and former education minister David Coltart said that call gave hope of lifting a shattered economy from its knees, provided Mnangagwa made good on their promise to reach out to other factions.
“When we all wake up with hangovers tomorrow, we will be reminded of the dreadful state our nation is in - no money in the banks and businesses collapsing,” Coltart told Reuters.
“As Emmerson Mnangagwa said, ZANU-PF is not capable of resolving this issue on its own. I took some comfort from their words. If they translate them into action, the future is positive.”
Zimbabwe's Platform for Concerned Citizens, a civil society group, called for a national dialogue and a “transitional authority” to decide the country's future.
Theresa May, prime minister of former colonial power Britain, said Mugabe's resignation “provides Zimbabwe with an opportunity to forge a new path free of the oppression that characterized their rule”. They said Britain, as “Zimbabwe's oldest friend”, would do all it could to support the country.
Slideshow (14 Images)
The U.S. embassy in Harare said Zimbabwe was living “a historic moment”.
“Whatever short-term arrangements the government may establish, the path forward must lead to free, fair and inclusive elections,” it said in a statement.
We've talked a lot about the process known as "fracking" here on the Arkansas Blog. Fracking is short for hydraulic fracturing, a process used by natural gas drillers to extract gas from shale formations deep underground. Basically, a well is drilled, then millions of gallons of water, combined with a lot of chemicals, are forced down into the well at extremely high pressures, cracking the shale formations and releasing the gas. It's kind of complicated. But ProPublica, an organization that has done extensive reporting on fracking throughout the country, and Studio 20 at New York University have teamed up to make an explainer video that actually isn't terrible. The video is just one more piece of ProPublica's reporting on the issue, which you can find here. From Studio 20's blog:
My Water's On Fire Tonight (The Fracking Song)” is not meant to take the place of the rich, detailed investigation done by Abrahm Lustgarten and the rest of ProPublica's frack squad. It's impossible to sum up a massive, immersive experience like “Buried Secrets” in a two-and-a-half minute song. Instead, the intent is to bring people in, to create an easily digestible package that compels news consumers to dig into the real meat of the story.
A Revolutionary New Input Device?
Always on the cutting edge, the time has come for SparkFun to completely change the way that you think about text input. Okay, so when I said revolutionary I guess I meant less "radically new and innovative" and more, you know... revolving. But man does this thing revolve! Aside from being just a seriously asinine peripheral, the rotary keyboard (nicknamed "TurnKey") is actually a good demonstration of why you might want to hack a servo.
Hack A Servo? Why?
Your standard hobby servo will generally communicate in one direction. You give it a position to move to, it moves to that position, end of conversation. But the closed system inside the servo knows what position it's in somehow, right? Why can't we get access to that information? Well in some situations a servo can be assumed to be in the last place you told it to go. If that's the case, you can simply call the servo.read() function which gives you the value of the last servo.write() function. But what if that servo has moved since then? Your system has no way of finding out where a servo has been moved to unless it was the system doing the moving. But there's a simple hack that can fix that problem, just tie into the sensor that tells the servo controller where it is. Servos use potentiometers to detect their position so all you really need to do is tie into the center of the servo potentiometer and read it with one of your analog pins!
Why is this important to the rotary keyboard? Well because it allows us to cheat! See, inside of an actual dial like you might find on an old phone, there is a mechanism that returns the dial to its home position between dials. In the process of returning to the home position, the dial produces a certain number of 'clicks' which are decoded into the appropriate numbers. An appropriately hacked servo can fake that action by allowing us to dial a number (or letter), detecting the end of the dial, then returning back to home without the use of complicated spring mechanisms. We won't get away from mechanics completely, however, because the range of our servo is only 180 degrees and we'll need to gear it down to get a full rotation out of it. But we can take care of that after we've hacked our servo, let's get to work.
Let's Do it Then!
Here's our victim. This is our Large Servo, as you can see it has the standard 3-wire servo cable: Ground, Vcc and Signal. We need to throw another wire on this thing if we want to read the potentiometer so let's open it up and see if we can find something that looks like a pot footprint.
Now that looks promising, just below the 3-pin header where the servo leads connect there's another 3-pin footprint. I don't have a picture, but if you lift the board just slightly, you can actually see the potentiometer leads connecting on the other side. The trick to this is that all you really need is a wire connected to the wiper on the potentiometer, but I have a nice 3-wire connector and, who knows, maybe I'll want to use this servo as just a geared potentiometer some day. So I slapped my 3-wire connector on the the 3-pin potentiometer footprint, added some tape to avoid a nasty short with the servo leads and a little bit of heatshrink tubing to class the whole thing up. This is what it should, will probably look like when you've hacked it:
It's a thing of beauty, now you can screw the case back together and show off your mutant servo. And now that we have our servo properly modified, it's time to fabricate the dial and board for our rotary keyboard. Now because the servo is only a half-rotation servo, I'll need to gear it down to use it as a rotary dial. I decided to cut a pair of really simple gears on the laser cutter with a 1:2 ratio, that way I'll get just about a full 360 out of it. I'm not going to go too much into the mechanical build for this, but it's probably for the best. This thing is pretty much cobbled together, my only saving grace was the laser cutter. Here's the top board and dial all assembled, this is basically the working portion of the thing. As you can see, all 26 letters of the alphabet are etched underneath the dial as well as period and space. You'll need a number pad (or accompanying number-wheel) if you want to do any kind of serious rotary word processing. Don't mind the fingerprints, this smokey acrylic looks great but only if you don't ever touch it. lesson learned.
There's an accompanying base-plate that everything bolts down to but that's only for the sake of stability. One thing that will be added before the end, however, is something called a "finger stop," which is the part that you dial to.
Wiring and Code
I think it's time to look at the Arduino side of things. Like I said, this is supposed to work like a USB keyboard which means that it needs to enumerate using the USB-HID protocol. There are a couple of different ways to do this. In fact, Jim wrote an excellent tutorial on using the Pro Micro's USB capabilities to make your own keyboard. For this project, however, I'm using a Duemilanove that I happened to have laying around so the Pro Micro method is out. Luckily, Practical Arduino has a great library for using your Arduino as a virtual USB keyboard, in order to use the library we will have to put together a simple circuit that lets our 5V system communicate with the 3V(ish) USB port. They use current limiting resistors and a pair of 3.6V Zener diodes to clamp the signaling voltage around where the USB wants it. I'm told, however, by someone who actually has a degree in this stuff that it's not clamping hard and that the signaling voltage may be even slightly higher than the USB port would like to see. I've used this circuit for a long time with no problems, but it's entirely possible that I've dramatically shortened the life of my USB hardware as well. Here's what my hardware looks like after some finoodling around.
As you can probably see, I've connected everything the way you might expect. The USB Keyboard hardware is part-for-part just like the example diagram on the Practical Arduino page; the servo is connected to power and ground with signal at pin 3 and the potentiometer tap is wired to pin A0. Make sure you watch your polarity on those diodes!
I put all of this together on a breadboard and then stuffed it into the keyboard, I also added the finger stop so it could be accurately dialed and went on to program it. I'll go ahead and show you the code with the comments now and then try to explain myself after you've seen it.
/* Rotary Keyboard written by N.Poole SparkFun Electronics 2012 This code is released as Apathyware: "The code doesn't care what you do with it, and neither do I." This demo code was written for the Rotary Keyboard tutorial which can be found at: http://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/351 */ #include < Servo .h> #include "UsbKeyboard.h" //This is the USBKeyboard library from the Practical Arduino site. Servo myservo; //Here's our servo int val; //This is a variable we'll use later int last; //This is a variable we'll use later //The following variables all have to do with the fact that the USBKeyboard.update() method //needs to be called once every couple... I'm not really sure actually, but it needs to be //called occasionally for things to run smoothly. I used a system of "clocks and flags" to //keep track of tasks inside the routine without neglecting to ".update()" int clock1; //Servo reset "clock" int clock2; //Dial Hold "clock" boolean flag1 = 0; //"A letter's been dialed" flag boolean flag2 = 0; //"Let's not send the same command 1000 times" flag #define BYPASS_TIMER_ISR 1 //This is an option from the USBKeyboard library which appears to disable Timer0. Without //this being TRUE, this library doesn't work nearly as well. void setup () { #if BYPASS_TIMER_ISR //Here's where the switch above messes with the timer. TIMSK0&=!(1«TOIE0); //The double waka here will need to be re-typed if you #endif //paste this into Arduino. I used a special character because //of formatting issues. myservo. attach (3); //And here we attach our servo } #if BYPASS_TIMER_ISR //And I'm no rocket surgeon but I think this is a replacement //for delay that kicks in when you disable the timer... I //could be wrong. Probably am! void delayMs( unsigned int ms) { /* */ for ( int i = 0; i < ms; i++) { delayMicroseconds (1000); } } #endif void loop () //Ah, the meat of the code { UsbKeyboard.update(); //This is that annoying method that you need to call every now and then //The "if" statements below that test clock1 are my replacement for delay. Instead of stopping //everything. These statements execute commands in order while allowing the ATMega to take care //of USBKeyboard.update() if (clock1 < 10000 && flag2==0){ //Return the servo to home, the flag keeps it from repeating myservo. write (0); flag2=1;} if (clock1==10000){ myservo. detach ();} //After it's had time to get back, detach it. Now we can move it by hand. if ( analogRead (A0)>180 && clock1>12000){ //After you've reset and detached the servo, look for //an analog value above home position. while (flag1==0){ //This flag flips when we get a letter UsbKeyboard.update(); //Since we'll be here a while we'd better find USBKeyboard.update() a place to sit. val = analogRead (A0); //Read the Potentiometer tap to see where the dial is. if (val==last && clock2>2500){Translate();}; //Make sure we're not still moving it, if not then read it. if (clock2==1){last = val;} //At the beginning of each clock2 cycle, save our last pot value for comparison if (clock2>2500){clock2=0;} //Restart clock2 every 2500 cycles clock2++; //Tick Tock } clock2 = 0; //If you're here, you're finished with this clock and it needs to be reset } if (clock1<32000){clock1++;} //don't let the clock roll over if (flag1==1){flag1 = 0; clock1 = 0; flag2 = 0;} //if you've sent a letter, reset all of our flags and clocks and start over } void Translate(){ //This function "translates" our potentiometer value into a letter of the alphabet int lettr = map ( analogRead (A0),189,521,27,0); //map the range from 'A' to 'SPACE' to the values 1 - 27 switch (lettr){ //Here's the boring part, just telling the USBKeyboard.sendKeyStroke() method which keystroke to send case 1: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_A); break ; case 2: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_B); break ; case 3: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_C); break ; case 4: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_D); break ; case 5: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_E); break ; case 6: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_F); break ; case 7: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_G); break ; case 8: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_H); break ; case 9: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_I); break ; case 10: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_J); break ; case 11: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_K); break ; case 12: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_L); break ; case 13: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_M); break ; case 14: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_N); break ; case 15: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_O); break ; case 16: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_P); break ; case 17: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_Q); break ; case 18: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_R); break ; case 19: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_S); break ; case 20: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_T); break ; case 21: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_U); break ; case 22: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_V); break ; case 23: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_W); break ; case 24: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_X); break ; case 25: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_Y); break ; case 26: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_Z); break ; case 27: UsbKeyboard.sendKeyStroke(KEY_SPACE); break ; } #if BYPASS_TIMER_ISR // Figure out how much delay this thing needs (from USBKeyboard example) delayMs(20); #else delay (150); #endif myservo. attach (3); //re-attach our servo so it can return to home flag1=1; //set the "A letter's been dialed" flag }
So, let's see if I can explain this code in terms of the order of execution. When you plug in the keyboard, the USBKeyboard library starts a connection to the computer. The only way to make this connection is to continue to call USBKeyboard.update() so we need to set up our program in such a way that we won't stop everything for any extended period of time, leaving USBKeyboard.update() unattended. On top of that, between the servo and the USB interface, there aren't any timers left over to make it easier. What I end up doing in the code above is "timing" all of the steps in my code based on a few "clocks" which are really just iteration counters.
So after all of my clocks and flags are set, the code dumps out into the main loop. The first order of business there is to send our servo home. On the first iteration it tells the servo to go home, then for the next 9999 iterations or about a second (I know, right?) it skips everything except for update and clock iteration. This gives the servo time to get home because after 10000 iterations, we detach it so that we can actually move the dial. Now we give the potentiometer tap 2000 iterations to settle because the readings jump all around when the servo is attached, I pulled the 2000 number out of thin air as a short delay.
After that short delay we start looking for the potentiometer value to move above the "home" position of the dial. Our clock1 will run out in this time so after 32000 iterations we stop it. If the dial is moved, we start a second clock, which runs on a cycle and starts looking for the dialing to finish. The challenge now is determining when the dial isn't being moved anymore. This is done by sampling the analog pin every 2500 iterations of the while() loop and comparing it to the previous sample. When two samples are the same, that means you've left the dial alone for a few milliseconds and the servo can take over again.
Before the servo takes over, a number between 1 and 27 is generated based on the position of the potentiometer. That number is used to determine which keystroke to send using the USBKeyboard library. After we've sent the correct keystroke, we re-attach the servo so that it can return home and we set a flag to get out of the dial sampling loop. Once we're free of the dial-sampling loop, we reset clock2 since we won't be needing it until next time around and then we reset everything else and get bumped right back to the beginning.
Conclusion
Easy Cheesy, Huh? I know, not really.
Well how about a laugh to take your mind off things then? I decided to take my sweet new keyboard and put it through its paces using an online typing test. It was one of the most frustrating experiences I can remember. Besides not having any caps control, punctuation or numbers, the rotary keyboard is also incapable of generating text at faster than 1 character per 1.5 seconds. As you can see, I didn't fare well:
Success! Okay, so it isn't the fastest thing in the world but it sure looks cool. In any case, if it ends up on the next iPad just remember you saw it here first!
Happy Hacking!
Republican congressional leaders are demanding to know why the Internal Revenue Service pays hundreds of full-time employees to do union work.
As reported last month by The Daily Caller, 201 IRS employees receive full-time pay while doing no actual work, instead devoting their entire work days to union business. (Related: FOIA: 201 IRS employees work full-time on union business)
The revelation came as a result of Freedom of Information Act request from Americans for Limited Government.
“Recently, it has come to our attention that the IRS pays a number of employees full time salaries, funded by taxpayer dollars, for work they do not perform. Instead, these employees spend their time working for government employee unions,” according to a letter sent to IRS acting commissioner Danny Werfel by Oklahoma Republican Sen. Tom Coburn, ranking member of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and Republican Rep. Phil Gingrey of Georgia.
These workers collect taxpayer salaries to serve full-time as exclusive representatives of a union in dealing with the Department of Treasury, according to information the IRS provided to Americans for Limited Government.
More than 200 IRS employees spend 100 percent of their work time doing union work, according to IRS documents cited in the letter.
“Known as ‘official time,' in this arrangement (permitted under Title V of the U.S. Code, section 7131, enacted under the 1978 Civil Service Reform Act) federal employees are paid to perform union duties instead of the jobs they were actually hired to do. While the IRS continues to request more funding to further close the more than 14.5 percent tax gap, especially under the current budget crunch and sequestration, it makes little sense to use taxpayer resources to pay for union work. This kind of practice takes place only in the government – in the private sector, union work and staff are paid for by union dues,” according to the letter from Coburn and Gingrey.
“Documents from your department list more than 200 IRS employees serving in 100 percent official time capacity from January 20, 2012 through the date of response, June 6th of 2012. The IRS has shut down on certain days, and required employees to take unpaid furloughs, due supposedly to the effects of sequestration. However, the IRS is also planning to pay out $70 million in employee bonuses, and pays more than 200 employees to work for the union, instead of fulfilling the duties described in their positions of record,” according to the letter.
“How many IRS employees work official time 100 percent of the time?” Coburn and Gingrey write. “Please describe and provide the job descriptions of what these 100 percent official time employees do in a given day for the IRS. How do these activities relate to the mission of the IRS?”
The IRS, which is closed for Independence Day and then subsequently closed on Friday due to sequestration, did not immediately return a request for comment.
Follow Patrick on Twitter
We have let congress go to far, we cannot blame them completely. We have to blame ourselves. We allow them to exempt themselves from the laws they pass and impose on us. The role of government is to secure the liberties and property of the people. The other function to is protected the people from force and fraud. We have failed to stop congress in its corruption. No we have a congress who are brought and paid for the by the bankers to use the force of government to allow the bankers to commit fraud against the people. They protect the bankers who use force and fraud to loot the people. We must make support from Wall Street and the bankers a political liability next election.
We petitioned the government and asked our congressional representatives to investigate itself and clean out the corruption. Congress has failed to arrest Eric Holder for lying to congress. It seems there is selective enforcement of the ethics rules in congress. It seems the powerful protect themselves from prosecution. The last person I can recall to be removed and dealt with harshly was James Traficant. They were unjustly tried and convicted by perjury of witnesses on the stand and flimsy evidence. The reason why they were treated harshly was because they took on Israel when they helped free a man accused of being Nazi war criminal Ivan the Terrible when there was evidence say that was not him. This Ohio members of congress took on Israel and that is why the removed them from congress because of selective enforcement.
So what are we supposed to do? The FBI will not help and these special prosecutors are just smoke and mirrors. The Department of Justice is there to protect the powerful and tramples on the weak. It should be called the Department of Just-us not Justice. Because it is an injustice what is going on now. They protect corruption in congress and goes after political enemies. If we cannot get the Federal government to act on the behalf of the people. It is time to turn to the states and our counties to deal with our corrupt US Representative and Senators. Why do I say this? It is because the corruption has caused injury to many people in these districts or states by legalizing fraud by law to allow the bankers to loot and plunder the economy. We need to start grand juries investigations and while congress is not in session subpena them before the panel.
We need these corrupt members of congress doing the bidding of the bankers indicted and arrested while congress is in recess. This is what needs to be done in a hand full of areas to send a message we will not tolerate it anymore,the might get members of congress to think twice about doing the will of the bankers. We must use all the legal resources at our disposal using the grand jury and recall elections also. They need to held accountable to the people, not their donors. It is time they know we are tired of losing our freedoms to empower some bureaucrat in some goverment agency to help the bankers get away with fraud. We are tired of being burned by entrenched politicians. It is time they face trial in the states they represent where the people affected the most were harmed by their actions and ignoring their oath.
Historical Icon and Texas Hero at the Alamo Davy Crockett . Before they came to Texas to defend the Alamo. They were a Kentucky Congressmen. They were sent to congress seven times and was recalled seven times. The people held them accountable every term they served Congress being called home to answer to the people who voted them to go to Washington. They had to answer for how they voted and what their actions were. How the people held Davy Crockett accountable every time is how things are supposed to be. If the people back in early Kentucky held this icon accountable. There is no reason why we cannot do it today for the malfeasance because they are doing the will of the bankers. Davy Crockett was not above the law and today the people who are present in congress today not above reproach either. We have to take action of this corruption, or it will not stop. I do not want to be a slave to the bankers anymore. Do you want to be a slave to the robber barons or will we be free? It is up to us.
Despite the lukewarm reception consumers gave 3DS portable gaming system, and investor pressure to develop titles for the iPhone, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata refuses to bring the company's games to the iOS platform.
Poor 3DS sales, along with steep product price cuts and dropping stock value has pushed investors to pressure Nintendo into releasing games for the iPhone, iPod touch and iPad, according to Bloomberg. By coding for iOS, investors assume, Nintendo will be able to get its games in front of more buyers and boost up the company's value.
Super Mario on iPhone? Don't hold your breath.
Early in July, former Nintendo division Pokémon Co. announced it planned to release iOS and Android versions of its popular games. When Nintendo announced it wasn't following suit, its stock dropped quickly.
Nintendo's refusal to embrace iOS is a clear signal the company doesn't understand the current portable gaming market, according to MF Global FXA Securities Ltd. “Sell the stock,” the firm said in a research note. “Because a management once feted for creative out-of-box thinking have just shown how behind the times they are.”
Despite pressure from investors, it doesn't look like any of Nintendo's games will be coming to the iPhone soon. Mr. Iwata said that as long as he's running the company, its games will be coded only for Nintendo devices — a stance that could push investors into pressuring for a new company president, too.
Southampton have told Virgil van Dijk that they are not for sale this summer and believe that their complaint over Liverpool's conduct – which may still result in a formal Premier League investigation – has shown how serious they are about their stance.
Liverpool were ready to pay a world-record £60 million fee for a defender for Van Dijk but Southampton were infuriated by stories suggesting that they wanted to join them and ultimately forced a public apology and promise from Liverpool that they would not pursue the player.
Van Dijk is only one season into a six-year deal and, amid interest also from Arsenal, Manchester City and Chelsea, Southampton have made it clear that they now expect their captain to return focused for pre-season following the injury that has sidelined them since January.
The Premier League is awaiting observations from Liverpool and Southampton before deciding whether any action will be taken over the south coast club's demand for an investigation into whether there had been an illegal approach. Liverpool do not expect to know for certain if they will be in the clear until next week.
Southampton have sold star players in each of the previous three summers and, while offers in the region of £70 million may cause a reappraisal, now believe that they will stay.
Redox Power Systems, LLC, the startup company founded by Clark School professor and University of Maryland Energy Research Center director Eric Wachsman (MSE/ChBE), wants to swap generators and power plants for sleek grey boxes filled with stacks of fuel-flexible, solid-oxide fuel cells that produce electricity at an estimated cost of only $1 per watt.
The technology, first profiled by the Clark School in 2011 and previously covered by the Washington Post, Forbes, Scientific American, MSNBC, and Science, was recently featured on MIT Technology Review's web site, and will appear in its November/December issue.
The article, "Avoiding the Power Grid," describes Redox's prototype PowerSERG system (nicknamed "The Cube"), which the company hopes to produce commercially starting in 2014. The device is about 4' cubed–the size of a large washer or dryer–but capable of generating 25 kilowatts of electricity, enough to power a strip mall. Units designed for homes would be even smaller. Redox envisions the PowerSERG replacing diesel generators in rural areas and developing nations, as well as reducing stress on existing power grids.
To learn more, watch "Energy and Sustainability Innovations at the University of Maryland" below or:
The sun is sinking fast behind the trees of an olive grove on the outskirts of the West Bank village of Nilin. After a day of confrontations between the Israeli army and the Palestinian villagers over Israel's building of its separation wall on Nilin's land, the soldiers appear finally to have gone.
Overlooked by the homes of the neighboring Jewish settlement of Hashmonaim, a handful of Nilin's braver teenagers finally come out to work.
Jamal and Abed are sweating from their efforts to beat both nightfall and the return of the army. They stand proudly, the fronts of their T-shirts turned out to hold a bulging stash of used tear gas canisters and stun grenades. Each is worth one shekel (25c) in scrap value, and between them they have at least 50 canisters.
Nilin, midway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, is home to nearly 5,000 Palestinians. Known as the "village of entrepreneurs", it has more than its share of millionaires. But that looks set to change.
Traditionally, Nilin has enjoyed the benefits not only of a thriving agricultural industry on its plentiful outlying lands, but also of four factories that supply goods ranging from cola to fuel to Palestinians across the Ramallah region.
But Jamal and Abed, who nervously laugh and refuse to answer when asked for their full names, appear to be the face of Nilin's future business prospects.
Encircled by half a dozen Jewish settlements like Hashmonaim  all illegal under international law  the village is slowly being sealed off in a fashion that may soon make its isolation almost as complete as Gaza's.
Since May, Israel has begun building its separation barrier along one length of the village, cutting it off from 250 hectares, or 40 per cent, of its farmland. The land will be effectively annexed to the neighboring settlements.
Copying the strategy of nearby Palestinian villages, the people of Nilin have begun a campaign of mainly nonviolent protests to delay the work in the hope that world opinion, or the Israeli courts, will win them a reprieve.
In the meantime, a series of violent incidents by the army have claimed several lives in the village. The army has also experimented with new techniques to break up the demonstrations, including a foul-smelling liquid called Skunk which is sprayed on protesters.
After such clashes Jamal and Abed cash in  the Palestinian equivalent of poor children rifling through bins looking for used drinks cans. The pair dodge through the trees each evening under cover of dusk collecting empty canisters left behind by the army.
If Nilin's farmers face the imminent demise of their livelihoods with the confiscation of their land, Nilin's business people may not be far behind.
B'Tselem, an Israeli human rights group, has seen plans drafted by the Israeli army to seal off the crossroads at the entrance to the village, the only access in and out of Nilin. Currently it is controlled by an army checkpoint, the location where a bound Palestinian was shot in the foot in July by an Israeli soldier  a moment captured by Salam Amira, a Palestinian schoolgirl, on their video camera.
"Israel says it wants to prevent the inhabitants of Nilin using the road so that it can secured'," said Sarit Michaeli of B'Tselem. "In practice that means the road will be reserved for settlers to reach settlements even deeper in the West Bank, on the far side of Nilin. The road will be for Jews only."
In place of the checkpoint, Israel is proposing that Nilin be turned into an enclave connected via a tunnel to another road leading to Palestinian villages in the area. The villagers fear they will then be entirely dependent on the Israeli army's good will to come and go.
Other communities in the West Bank have suffered similar fates in the past. Qalqilya, home to 50,000 Palestinians, was tightly encircled by the wall a few years ago.
Its many farmers, who rely on the army to let them pass through gates to their land, complain bitterly of restrictions that have made it all but impossible to make a living. They say that the soldiers often do not show up or they open the gate for only a few minutes a day.
Reports suggest that Qalqilya has seen an exodus of about one-tenth of its population since the wall's completion.
Like Qalqilya, Nilin is close to the Green Line, the West Bank's pre-1967 border with Israel. It is in such areas that Israel's wall has made the biggest inroads into Palestinian land.
Ms Michaeli pointed out the plans for Nilin and similar developments elsewhere in the West Bank mean that any hope of a contiguous Palestinian state  the goal of the US-sponsored road map  is being destroyed by Israel.
"The army can open and close the tunnel at will," they said. "And we have seen how unaccountably the army uses that kind of power in other places in the West Bank. If they want to punish the village or bring pressure to bear, they simply seal the tunnel."
The tunnel is likely to be the final straw for Nilin's struggling economy.
According to a report from the World Bank published last month, increasingly severe movement restrictions across the West Bank are choking business prospects.
Palestinian gross domestic product has fallen by 40 per cent during the intifada and investment has dropped to "precariously low levels."
The report further notes that the land left to Palestinian communities has been "fragmented into a multitude of enclaves, with a regime of movement restrictions between them."
Salah Hawaja, who leads the nonviolence campaign against the barrier, said the villagers wished to avoid such a fate for Nilin.
"The wall is the first stage of turning us into a ghetto," they said. "The tunnel and the army's control of it will make the factories on which so many people in Nilin depend for their living unviable. No one can run a business not knowing from day to day whether they will be able to send out trucks or bring in supplies.
"We have no choice but to resist because the other option is that we watch our economy being slowly strangled to death. Israel wants us to leave this land for the settlers, but we are not going anywhere. We will continue struggling for our right to stay here."
This article originally appeared in The National, published in Abu Dhabi.
Read more by Jonathan Cook
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
WE DID IT!
We are thrilled to see so many old friends and new friends working together to reach our campaign goal of $100,000. THANK YOU!
WHAT'S NEXT?
Any pledges we get beyond $100,000 will increase the amount of jars we can make in this first batch, allowing us to get more volume discounts. We are feverishly working on purchasing jars, setting up logistics, contacting buyers, and getting this healthy goodness in your hands. Backers can expect an estimated delivery of September 2015.
FOLLOW OUR PROGRESS
GETTING THE BEST OIL EVER INTO JARS
We have the best virgin coconut oil on the planet! The benefits of using coconut oil are off the charts. We keep it raw to preserve all of its healthy goodness. It has never been cooked or heated, but it's also not in jars... yet. Help us fund our jars and logistics so that we can take our business to the next level - retail sales. We are already in the wholesale market, but unless it comes directly to you in Dignity jars, the story of our community won't get out there. Our story needs to be heard.
OUR SUPERIOR METHOD
Our product is “RAW” - never cooked or processed. Our unique method keeps the oil cool in order to retain every bit of healthy goodness. Other production methods take the oil through a rough process, cooking the oil at high temperatures and often using chemicals to separate the oil. This begins breaking down the nutrients months before you can even open their jar of oil.
Our Virgin Coconut Oil is centrifuge extracted. We don't heat it. We don't refine it. We spin it. That's right. We fling that water and moisture out so that you are left with the most pure and delicious virgin coconut oil a jar can hold.
100% ORGANIC
We are located in a pristine remote area, where our coconuts have always been free of pesticides and other harmful chemicals. Nevertheless, our farmers are trained and certified in Organic farming methods, helping them farm better and smarter. We are also Kosher certified.
USES
There are over 100 uses for coconut oil. Really! Coconut Oil is great for cooking, baking, frying & sautéing needs. Substitute coconut oil where recipes call for butter or vegetable oil and taste the difference. Plus, coconut oil is an excellent natural moisturizer for your skin and hair.
A DIFFERENT WAY TO DO BUSINESS
Because of our team's background in non-profit and social justice work, we are keenly aware of the needs around the globe. The UN states that over 1.5 billion people in the world are living on less than $1.25 a day(1). This is not enough to take care of food, health, housing, education and safety, denying them the freedom of choice. That is not ok with us. The cycle of poverty that is created by desperate decisions and patterns of debt must end.
Our answer is business. Not just any business — a new way to do business. The wave of micro-lending and micro-enterprise are not changing the equation of the poor selling to the poor. We are bringing access to the global export market to unexpected areas. We are out there and off the beaten path. Our goal is to see modern-day slavery and abject poverty abolished. We realize that the only vehicle for change that would have the capacity to overcome such distressing odds is a new kind of for-profit business.
WHY COCONUTS
We reached out to communities in the poorest areas of the world, starting with the connections we have to the rural Philippines. We asked questions first. Most importantly, what sustainable resources could the locals offer to help us fight poverty together? It quickly became clear that coconuts were the answer. So we went to a logistically messy place, a hard place, a place being ignored and built a coconut processing plant.
THE FUTURE OF DIGNITY
At full operation we will create jobs for over 200 men and women at the plant and over 300 coconut farmers. Including their families, we will be directly impacting the livelihood of over 2,000 people in the Philippines. We helped bring jobs, roads, and clean water to this small village. Beyond that, we're doing holistic community development. We are training our communities to grow better crops, organize resources, save for the future and get healthier. We are seeing families back together because they no longer have to separate to find work. We are helping farmers overcome cycles of debt.
It's not going to stop here. We have structured our business model to be reproducible. We plan for 25 more plants across the tropics. There are plenty of coconuts to harvest out there! And this model won't be confined to coconuts. We will go to the ends of the earth to build businesses based on local resources. We want to restore dignity where it can be hard to find. Dignity is going to change the world.
IT STARTS WITH US
We are launching this Kickstarter project because too much of the world needs hope for us to stay small. We want to take things to the next level. We want to employ hundreds and then thousands in communities everywhere. We can't do this alone. We need you. Join us in ending abject poverty and modern-day slavery. Change their lives — and yours.
WHEN YOU JOIN US, YOU'LL RECEIVE:
Join us!
STRETCH GOAL
We have a "stretch goal" that will increase our impact on farmers. In addition, as a way to thank you and encourage you to share with your friends, we will add some bonus rewards to what our backers at the $25 level and above will receive. So we get more and YOU get more.
Stretch Goal #1: $130,000
For Dignity: A Truck. Dignity purchases coconuts from rural family farms extending 50km up and down the coast from our Bicol site. Our truck and our inspectors pick up the nuts on schedule at the roadside. We have provided intensive training in the best organic practices. Each and every tree is numbered and certified - more than 40,000 of them! This dramatically improves the pricing that the farmers can get from us for the coconuts.
But all of these farms are along the one paved coastal road that hugs the shoreline. What if we could access and train the farmers who are further off the beaten path?
We can - with your help! We actually need a somewhat smaller yet substantial truck to be able to get up these pathways and into some of the best coconut areas. The trees are natural, and once inspected and certified, they will yield more marvelous coconut products. This "stretch goal" of an additional $30,000 be used to secure a truck.
For you: New sunglasses! Who doesn't dig some shades? Think of the Philippines every time you shield your eyes with these UV400 protection sunglasses. If you pledged $25 or more and chose rewards, we will include the sunglasses in your shipment. OUR ORIGINAL GOAL
Stories of Transformation | Caring for the Earth | Our Story | Brokering Hope | Restoring Dignity
Buy Photo Gov. Bill Haslam (Photo: Shelley Mays / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
Despite earlier misgivings, Gov. Bill Haslam signed into law Friday a bill that reduces Tennessee's Hall income tax on some dividend and interest this year and eliminates it in 2022.
The bill cuts the income tax rate from 6 percent to 5 percent for tax year 2016 on tax returns due next April. The bill says it is the “legislative intent” that the tax rate be reduced by 1 percent annually starting next year. It eliminates the tax entirely for 2022, regardless of whether the annual reductions occur.
If some future legislature doesn't reverse course, Tennessee in 2022 will join seven other states with no state personal income tax: Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wyoming. Although most states with income taxes wage, salary and investment income, only Tennessee and New Hampshire tax certain dividend and interest income but not wages and salaries.
The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, which analyzes tax policy from a progressive standpoint, says repealing the Hall income tax will make Tennessee's tax system more regressive than it already is because it will benefit the wealthiest taxpayers the most while the majority of Tennesseans will see no benefit at all.
ITEP says that when the tax is eliminated, the tax cut would average more than $5,000 per year for the top 1 percent of Tennesseans in terms of income and less than $50 for the majority of Hall taxpayers.
The state Department of Revenue says there were 204,944 Hall income tax returns filed for tax year 2014, the last year for which full results are available. The average tax liability per 2014 return was $1,446 but the median was $266, which means that half of the returns had a liability of $266 or less.
In recent years, lawmakers had enacted provisions that spared many retirees and middle-class earners from having to pay the tax. People 65 and older were already exempt from the Hall tax if their total income from all sources is $68,000 or less for joint filers and $37,000 or less for single filers. And for all taxpayers regardless of age or income levels, the first $2,500 in Hall-taxable income is exempt for joint filers and the first $1,250 is exempt for single filers.
The Hall tax is not levied on interest earned on savings and checking accounts, certificates of deposit, government bonds, bank money-market accounts and dividends from bank stock, insurance companies and credit unions.
Tennessee has the highest combined average state and local sales taxes in the country, according to the more conservative Tax Foundation, and is one of only 13 states taxing non-restaurant food purchases, according to the Federation of Tax Administrators. Five of the 13, but not Tennessee, provide tax rebates or tax credits to low-income people for their food taxes. The net result is that while Tennessee's overall state and local tax burden is in the bottom three nationally, the tax burden for the poorest 20 percent of taxpayers is 14th highest among the states, according to ITEP's analysis.
“The Hall Tax plays an important role in offsetting the otherwise regressive impact of Tennessee's tax system,” said Dylan Grundman, an ITEP senior analyst. “Overall, the state's tax system captures a greater share of income from low- and middle-income people than from the wealthy but the Hall tax is one of the few taxes that runs counter to that trend.”
The Hall tax — named for state Sen. Frank Hall of Dickson, who sponsored the income tax when it was enacted in 1929 — has been a target of Republicans since they gained full control of the statehouse six years ago, although some favored reducing the tax rate or continuing to increase the exemption levels rather than a full repeal.
During the legislative discussion, Haslam supported reducing the tax rate but sent their finance commissioner and other top aides to warn a legislative committee last month about the potential impact on the state of eliminating the tax. They had argued that future reductions and repeal should be left to future legislatures and governors, who would make decisions based on the state's needs at the time.
But with heavy pressure by anti-tax groups that play active roles in Republican primary elections, the GOP majority included the 2022 repeal in the bill, sponsored by Sen. Mark Green, R-Clarksville, and Rep. Charles Sargent, R-Franklin. The final bill passed the House 66-17 and the Senate 29-1. Senate Minority Leader Lee Harris, D-Memphis, cast the only “no” vote in the Senate.
“I would have been much more comfortable with having something that just did it (a tax-rate reduction) this year, where we know what the state's fiscal situation is every time we make that decision,” Haslam said when the bill won legislative approval on April 22. They said at that time they would study the final version before deciding whether to sign it, veto it or let it become law without their signature.
The reduction and ultimate repeal also mean a loss in revenue for local governments — particularly the largest cities and the more affluent suburban municipalities — because 37.5 percent of every Hall tax dollar collected flows to the town or city where the taxpayer lives, or to the county if the taxpayer lives in an unincorporated area.
The tax generated total revenue of $303.4 million in fiscal year 2015 — $197.9 million for the state and $105.5 million to cities and counties.
Here's how much some counties and cities across the state received:
Nashville-Davidson County — $16.5 million
Memphis — $15 million
Knoxville — $10 million
Brentwood — $4.2 million
Chattanooga — $4.2 million
Franklin — $3.7 million
Knox County — $3.3 million
Germantown — $3.1 million
Belle Meade — $2.1 million
Shelby County — $1.5 million
Murfreesboro — $1.2 million
Collierville — $1.2 million
Williamson County — $1.2 million
Farragut — about $500,000
Reach Richard Locker at 615-255-4923 on Twitter @ricklocker
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/27IjAU9
Earlier this week, InfoWars newscaster and far-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones spoke with Wayne Madsen about Marco Rubio's supposed secret “gay past.”
Jones, a vocal supporter of Donald Trump (who has appeared on Jones' show and commended Jones' “amazing” reputation), asked Madsen about the Florida senator's jokes regarding Trump wetting themselves at a prior debate and about their hand size, a remark which clearly struck a nerve with the GOP frontrunner since they responded by bragging about their penis size during last night's debate.
“Rubio's an expert on men's members,” Jones said. “He knows how to scope them out.”
“Why is Rubio obsessed with Donald Trump's package?” they continued. Madsen, for their part, wanted to know why Rubio knew that small hands signaled that Trump has a small penis and why was Rubio was staring at Trump's pants: “He can't contain himself.”
Demonstrating a definitive link between professionally produced recipe videos and dissatisfaction with their eating life, sociology researchers at Blue Rock University found that so-called “food porn” created unrealistic expectations for food.
“The videos that pop up in my newsfeed make cooking look so easy,” said 26-year-old Benedict Hoff, who says their food porn habit formed when they were just 8 years old when they would sneak downstairs to binge-watch the Food Network late into the night. “But when I try to saute the asparagus myself, it always comes out too limp and my girlfriend walks away from dinner culinarily unsatisfied.”
Hoff isn't alone — a full 87% of millennials say they regularly consume food porn. While most say they know that such videos are made by professionals, researchers found that they still thought they could replicate the videos at home, even with obviously inadequate equipment and skill.
“While food porn may be meant for entertainment purposes, these highly addicting videos perpetuate unrealistic notions about cooking and can lead to very real, negative consequences in viewers' brains,” said Lead researcher Margaret Fleming. “When you watch recipe videos on Facebook for hours on end, you come to expect an idealized form of plating and you will naturally be disappointed when your home-cooked yolk isn't runny, the cheese isn't gooey enough to pull apart, and you're forced to consume the meal in real-time speed.”
Fleming says that while watching the videos may seem like a nice guilty pleasure, there's real harm caused in the long-term when viewers inevitably must eat food that isn't the best thing ever, amazing, or even delicious.
“Real food simply doesn't look like that,” they said firmly. “You're watching a performance.”
Human Rights Monitor submitted an urgent appeal to the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture and the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention calling for their urgent intervention in the case of the detained minor Mohamed Abdellatif in Egypt, the group said in a Friday statement.
13 year-old Mohame Abdellatif's health is severely deteriorating as they continue into the third week of their hunger strike.
The prosecutor renewed their detention another seven days on 2 October.
Meanwhile, Egyptian authorities arrested and detained another five 14 year-old boys from Shubra, Cairo on Thursday, according to Freedom for the Brave, an initiative that provides support for detainees and their families.
The boys were arrested for wearing t-shirts with signs of Rabaa Al-Adaweya.
Abdellatif is the youngest out of a group of around 90 prisoners in Egypt currently on hunger strike, according to Freedom for the Brave.
They have already lost consciousness several times, the group said, and was transferred to Damanhour prison on Thursday.
Through their hunger strike, Abdellatif is protesting against their unlawful detention, torture, and ill-treatment inside detention, according to Human Rights Watch Monitor.
Security forces arrested Abdellatif along with a group of other students their age on 14 August 2014 as they were going to their evening class in Damanhour, HRM stated. Police arrested them without an arrest warrant and did not give them a reason for their arrest.
Whilst being held at the prison's security camp, police beat Abdellatif up with police batons. They spent most of their detention in an adult criminal cell and was recently moved into a cell with other political detainees, HRM said.
They were charged with blocking roads and railways, being affiliating with a banned group, and burning tires.
HRM calls on Egyptian authorities “to respect its obligations under international law and to treat minors in accordance with the Convention on the Rights of the Child”.
Egypt ratified the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child in July 1990.
Buy Photo Mike Karl, who in September left Homeless Angels to start a new organization called Cardboard Prophets, faces one felony charge for unlawfully driving away an automobile. (Photo: Robert Killips/Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
ST. JOHNS - Mike Karl, the face and founder of Homeless Angels, announced their resignation from the group the same day a Clinton County magistrate issued a felony complaint against him, court records show.
"Sadly today I must step away from The Homeless Angels," read Karl's Sept. 7 Facebook post. "The direction has changed and is not inline with the vision God gave me so many years ago. I am so thankful for the opportunity, and blessings but I must follow my heart."
Karl, who had been president of the Homeless Angels board of directors, also announced their intention to start Cardboard Prophets, a new organization with similar goals.
Clinton County prosecutors authorized a complaint against Karl for one count of unlawfully driving away an automobile, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.
The incident that led to the charge took place Aug. 17, court records show. Karl is free after posting 10% of a $10,000 bond.
Their arraignment is scheduled for Thursday in Clinton County District Court. When contacted Tuesday, Karl referred all questions to Andrew Abood, their attorney.
Karl's voicemail refers questions to their mother, Linda Karl, who is also involved in Cardboard Prophets.
Andrew Abood, Karl's attorney, said they are "in the process of reviewing the file and investigating the facts... We believe there are two sides to every story." They declined to comment further.
Clinton County Prosecutor Charles Sherman declined to comment because Karl has not yet been arraigned.
The alleged theft happened at the Apex Motel on the 15000 block of S. U.S. Highway 27 in DeWitt Township and involved Karl and a female co-defendant, a detective told a magistrate during a Sept. 7 warrant hearing in Clinton County District Court.
The owner of the vehicle, a woman, was arrested at the motel on Aug. 17 and asked that their car keys be left beneath a floor mat and their vehicle left unlocked, DeWitt Township police Det. Derreck Schaberg testified. When they got out of jail, they returned to the motel to find their vehicle missing.
Surveillance video showed a man and a woman leave a room at the motel on Aug. 17, walk to the vehicle in question and drive away in it, Schaberg said. Through motel and Michigan Secretary of State driving records, police identified the suspects as Karl and Latisha Ann Alidani, they said.
The vehicle was later recovered from a grocery store parking lot in East Lansing, Schaberg testified.
Based on that testimony, the magistrate signed arrest warrants for both Karl and Alidani, 33, of Lansing.
Linda Karl said Tuesday morning they aren't aware of the felony complaint against their son but said "it will be rectified" and "he will be cleared." They also said their son's departure from Homeless Angels wasn't related to any criminal matter.
"It had nothing to do with anything else other than (the two organizations) had two different visions," they said.
Mike Karl said in September that the administrative tasks associated with managing the nonprofit's homelessness outreach program made them "ineffective."
Their decision to leave was one they had been wrestling with for weeks, they said. "I had to make a hard decision," Karl said at the time. "I didn't want to leave Homeless Angels but I had to, because you can't end homelessness behind a desk."
More: Mike Karl leaves Homeless Angels for street-based effort
More: Man shot and killed by Eaton County deputy after chase
Karl, 40, founded Homeless Angels in 2013, more than a decade after they were homeless himself.
The nonprofit provides temporary housing for individuals and families who are homeless at the Burkewood Inn, a hotel it owns and operates in Lansing Township.
Homeless Angels purchased the hotel in November just days after the Magnuson Hotel, a privately-owned Lansing hotel where the organization was housing people who were homeless, closed.
Timothy Baise, a Homeless Angels board member, said Tuesday afternoon in an email to the Lansing State Journal the organization "recently became aware of the unfortunate issues" involving Karl.
Baise added Homeless Angels is "a healthy and successful organization" that won't comment further on Karl's situation because he's no longer with it.
"We will openly and completely cooperate with all investigating authorities," Baise said.
Linda Karl said Cardboard Prophets will "move forward" and continue to feed up to 100 people a week at a Lansing park who identify as homeless. The organization had plans Tuesday morning to feed people at Lansing's Reutter Park.
Contact Christopher Haxel at 517-377-1261 or chaxel@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @ChrisHaxel.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2j0hDjD
Recording Edit
Composition Edit
Packaging Edit
The album's cover art (known as the 'Screaming Elf') is a distorted photograph of the band members, photographed by Kevin Westenberg, above a black and white upside-down burning forest. Concerning the artwork, Cornell said, "Superunknown relates to birth in a way ... Being born or even dying—getting flushed into something that you know nothing about. The hardest thing is to nail down a visual image to put on a title like that. The first thing we thought of was a forest in grey or black. Soundgarden has always been associated with images of flowers and lush colors and this was the opposite. It still seemed organic but it was very dark and cold ... I was into those stories as a kid where forests were full of evil and scary things as opposed to being happy gardens that you go camping in."[8] In a 1994 Pulse! magazine interview, Cornell said that the inspiration for the album's title came from their misreading of a video entitled Superclown. They added, "I thought it was a cool title. I'd never heard it before, never saw it before, and it inspired me."[17] The album also saw a limited release on 12" colored vinyl (blue, orange, and clear), as a double-LP in a gatefold sleeve.[24] The album's title 'SUPERUNKNOWN' is sometimes displayed with the "UNKNOWN" as semi upside down and reversed lettering (stylized as "SUPER∩ИKИOWИ"). On May 25, 2017, photographer Kevin Westenberg revealed the full photo from the cover for the first time on their Instagram account.[25]
Release and commercial performance Edit
Superunknown was Soundgarden's breakout album, earning the band international recognition. Upon its release in March 1994, Superunknown debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart,[26] and eventually closed the year as the 13th best-selling album of 1994, with 2.5 million copies sold.[27] The album Superunknown has been certified five times platinum by the RIAA in the United States,[28] three times platinum in Canada,[29] and gold in the United Kingdom,[30] Sweden,[31] and the Netherlands. Superunknown has sold around 9 million copies worldwide,[32] with an estimated 3,794,000 in the US.[33] The album spawned the EP Songs from the Superunknown and the CD-ROM Alive in the Superunknown, both released in 1995.[34] 20th anniversary reissues Edit The 20th-anniversary reissue of "Superunknown" was made available in two deluxe versions. The Deluxe Edition was a 2-CD package featuring the remastered album along with disc two consisting of demos, rehearsals, B-sides and more. The Super Deluxe Edition was a 5-CD package featuring the remastered album, additional demos, rehearsals and B-sides and the fifth disc is the album mixed in Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Surround Sound. The Super Deluxe Edition was packaged in a hardbound book with a lenticular cover, liner notes by David Fricke and newly reimagined album artwork designed by Josh Graham. It also featured never-before-seen band photography by Kevin Westerberg. A 2-LP gatefold of the original 16 vinyl tracks remastered on 200-gram vinyl in a gatefold jacket was also made available. In addition, the Superunknown singles and associated b-sides with newly interpreted artwork sleeves by Josh Graham was reissued on Record Store Day, 19 April 2014, as a set of five limited-edition 10-inch vinyl records."[35]
Critical reception Edit
Tour Edit
The band began touring in January 1994 in Oceania and Japan,[11] areas where the record came out early.[66] The band had never toured these regions before.[67] This round of touring ended in February 1994, and then in March 1994 the band moved on to Europe.[11] The band were to join a 20-date co-headline American tour with Nine-Inch Nails in April/May, but had to cancel, but continued with a headlining theater tour on May 27, 1994.[11][68] The opening acts were Tad and Eleven.[66] In late 1994, after touring in support of Superunknown, doctors discovered that Cornell had severely strained their vocal cords. Soundgarden cancelled several more shows to avoid causing any permanent damage. Cornell said, "I think we kinda overdid it! We were playing five or six nights a week and my voice pretty much took a beating. Towards the end of the American tour I felt like I could still kinda sing, but I wasn't really giving the band a fair shake. You don't buy a ticket to see some guys croak for two hours! That seemed like kind of a rip off."[9] The band made up the dates later in 1995.[69]
Track listing Edit
All tracks written by Chris Cornell, except where noted. No. Title Lyrics Music Length 1. "Let Me Drown" 3:51 2. "My Wave" Cornell, Kim Thayil 5:12 3. "Fell on Black Days" 4:42 4. "Mailman" Matt Cameron 4:25 5. "Superunknown" Cornell, Thayil 5:06 6. "Head Down" Ben Shepherd Shepherd 6:08 7. "Black Hole Sun" 5:18 8. "Spoonman" 4:06 9. "Limo Wreck" Cameron, Thayil 5:47 10. "The Day I Tried to Live" 5:19 11. "Kickstand" Thayil 1:34 12. "Fresh Tendrils" Cornell, Cameron Cameron 4:16 13. "4th of July" 5:08 14. "Half" Shepherd Shepherd 2:14 15. "Like Suicide" 7:01 Total length: 70:13 LP and international CD bonus track No. Title Length 16. "She Likes Surprises" 3:20 2014 deluxe edition disc 2 (Demos, Rehearsals, B-Sides & More) No. Title Length 1. "Let Me Drown" (Demo) 2. "Black Hole Sun" (Demo) 3. "Half" (Demo) 4. "Head Down" (Rehearsal) 5. "Limo Wreck" (Rehearsal) 6. "The Day I Tried To Live" (Rehearsal) 7. "Like Suicide" (Acoustic Version) 8. "Black Days III" (Originally titled 'Fell on Black Days (Demo)') 9. "Birth Ritual" (Demo) 10. "Exit Stonehenge" 11. "Kyle Petty, Son of Richard" 12. "Jerry Garcia's Finger" 13. "Spoonman" (Alternate Steve Fisk Remix) 14. "The Day I Tried to Live" (Alternate Mix) 15. "4th of July" (Instrumental) 16. "Superunknown" (Instrumental) 2014 super deluxe edition disc 2 (B-Sides) No. Title Length 1. "The Day I Tried to Live" (Alternate Mix) 5:27 2. "Spoonman" (Alternate Steve Fisk Remix) 5:21 3. "Beyond the Wheel" (Live) 5:50 4. "Fell on Black Days" (Live) 4:51 5. "Birth Ritual" (Demo) 5:51 6. "Jesus Christ Pose" (Live) 7:10 7. "Like Suicide" (Acoustic Version) 6:13 8. "Kickstand" (Live) 2:00 9. "My Wave" (Live) 4:28 10. "Spoonman" (Steve Fisk Remix) 6:58 11. "Exit Stonehenge" 1:22 12. "Kyle Petty, Son of Richard" 4:07 13. "Black Days III" (Originally titled 'Fell on Black Days (Demo)') 4:03 14. "Ghostmotorfinger" (Originally titled 'Motorcycle Loop (Short Version)') 1:33 15. "Jerry Garcia's Finger" 3:25 16. "Fell on Black Days" (Video Version - Alternate Mix) 5:28 Total length: 76:07 2014 super deluxe edition disc 3 (Demos) No. Title Length 1. "Let Me Drown" (Demo) 4:11 2. "Fell on Black Days" (Demo) 4:54 3. "Superunknown" (Demo) 5:38 4. "Black Hole Sun" (Demo) 5:39 5. "Spoonman" (Demo) 3:38 6. "Fresh Tendrils" (Demo) 3:48 7. "4th of July" (Demo) 5:07 8. "Half" (Demo) 1:38 9. "Like Suicide" (Demo) 9:11 Total length: 43:44 2014 super deluxe edition disc 4 (Rehearsals) No. Title Length 1. "Black Hole Sun" (Rehearsal) 5:47 2. "Bing Bing Goes to Church" (Rehearsal) 2:05 3. "Half (Instrumentally)" (Rehearsal) 3:42 4. "Head Down" (Rehearsal) 5:27 5. "Kyle Petty, Son of Richard" (Rehearsal) 3:30 6. "Let Me Drown" (Rehearsal) 3:55 7. "Limo Wreck" (Rehearsal) 5:43 8. "My Wave" (Rehearsal) 4:36 9. "Fresh Tendrils" (Rehearsal) 4:20 10. "Like Suicide" (Rehearsal) 6:49 11. "Ruff Riff-Raff" (Rehearsal) 3:43 12. "Spoonman" (Rehearsal) 4:35 13. "The Date I Tried To Leave" (Rehearsal) 2:20 14. "The Day I Tried To Live" (Rehearsal) 6:03 Total length: 62:35 2014 super deluxe edition disc 5 (Superunknown Blu-ray 5.1 Audio) No. Title Length 1. "Let Me Drown" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 2. "My Wave" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 3. "Fell on Black Days" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 4. "Mailman" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 5. "Superunknown" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 6. "Head Down" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 7. "Black Hole Sun" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 8. "Spoonman" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 9. "Limo Wreck" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 10. "The Day I Tried To Live" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 11. "Kickstand" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 12. "Fresh Tendrils" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 13. "4th of July" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 14. "Half" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 15. "Like Suicide" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix) 16. "She Likes Surprises" (Blu-ray Audio 5.1 Mix)
Outtakes Edit
Although the album's singles featured quite a few B-sides, only "Exit Stonehenge" (from the "Spoonman" single) was sourced from the Superunknown recording sessions in 1993. "Cold Bitch" (also from "Spoonman") was recorded during the Badmotorfinger recording sessions in 1991, "Kyle Petty, Son of Richard" and "Motorcycle Loop" (both from the "Fell on Black Days" single) were recorded by Stuart Hallerman at Avast Studios in Seattle in 1994. "Kyle Petty, Son of Richard" was later featured on the 1996 Home Alive compilation. "Tighter & Tighter", "No Attention", and "An Unkind", all of which later appeared on the band's 1996 album, Down on the Upside, were attempted during the Superunknown recording sessions.[70][71] Cameron said that the band wasn't pleased with the recording of "No Attention" that came out of the sessions.[72] An instrumental entitled "Ruff Riff-Raff" and a light-hearted song called "Bing Bing Goes to Church" were recorded at album rehearsals but were presumably not recorded during the Superunknown recording sessions. Both were released in 2014 on the 20th anniversary Super Deluxe edition.
Personnel Edit
Charts Edit
Certifications Edit
Buffy the Vampire Slayer for Champions
Characteristics 5/30 STR -5 16/26 DEX 18 15/20 CON 10 8/18 BODY -4 13 INT 3 10 EGO 0 18 PRE 8 18 COM 4 5/15 PD 4 5/11 ED 2 4/ 5 SPD 14 4/10 REC 0 30/40 END 0 23/47 STUN 4 Characteristics Cost: 58 Powers and Skills 5 1D6 Luck 5 7 Mental Defense 3 Acrobatics 14- 3 Breakfall 14- 3 Deduction 12- 5 Defense Maneuver 4 Fast Strike 3 Interrogation 13- 3 KS: Demons & Vampires 12-,(INT based) 2 KS: Slayer Lore 11- 1 Lang: French 4 Martial Block 4 Martial Disarm 4 Martial Dodge 3 Martial Grab 3 Martial Throw 1 SC: Psychology 8- 1 Streetwise 8- 1 Tactics 8- 3 Tracking 12- 6 WF,Common Melee,Common Missile,Small Arms Slayer racial package: 20 +10 BODY 10 +5 CON 8 25% Damage Reduction (PD),Only from attacks they see coming.(-1/4) 3 3/3 Damage Resistance 30 +10 DEX 5 +5 ED 5 5 Lack Of Weakness 1 Life Support: Requires half normal sleep. 5 +5 PD 6 1 BODY Regen,recovery rate: per hour 25 +25 STR 2 3 12- Combat Sense 4 2 Levels: Martial throw, fast strike and haymaker.,tight group,Only works the second time they fight someone.(-1/2) Powers Cost: 192 Disadvantages Base Points: 100 10 DNPC,"Dawn Summers",normal,appear 8- 10 DNPC,"Various people of Sunnydale.",normal,useful skills, appear 11- 5 Distinctive,"Blonde valley girl.",easily concealable,minor 25 Hunted,"By the forces of darkness",as powerful,non-combat influence,harsh,appear 14- 5 Physical Lim,"Occasionally overuses STR in normal use.", infrequently,slightly 10 Psych Lim,"Code vs. killing (humans).",uncommon,strong 15 Psych Lim,"Obligation to stop the forces of darkness.", common,strong 15 Psych Lim,"In love with Angel/Riley/Spike.",common,strong 20 Psych Lim,"Protector of the innocent.",very common,strong 1 Quirk - Bad driver. 1 Quirk - Gets horny and hungry after slaying. 1 Quirk - Intimidated by authority. 1 Quirk - Jokes during combat. 1 Quirk - Wants to have a normal life AND fight evil. 15 Rep,"Bad ass.",occur 11-,extreme reputation 15 Secret ID,"Buffy Anne Summers" Disadvantages Total: 150 Experience Spent: 0 Total Points: 250
More than 200 demonstrators have pledged to protest outside the Oxford Union on Thursday ahead of a planned evening appearance at the university's prestigious debating society by Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right Front National.
“The union must reverse the decision to invite this notorious Islamophobe,” Weyman Bennett, joint national secretary of Unite Against Fascism, said on the group's Facebook page. Referring to le Pen's father, they added: “Jean-Marie le Pen once called the Holocaust a ‘detail of history'. We will demonstrate to argue that fascists should never be allowed a platform.”
Le Pen, who was greeted by similar protests when they addressed the Cambridge Union in 2013, took over from their father as head of the nationalist, anti-immigrant Front National in 2011 and has since spearheaded a campaign to detoxify the party, which finished last year's European elections as France's largest with more than 25% of the vote.
More than 300 Oxford professors, students, councillors and residents have also signed an open letter urging the union to rescind its invitation to Le Pen, saying Oxford was a multicultural city and that by inviting her, the union was “contributing to a climate of Islamophobia which only encourages racists and fascists.”
Lisa Wehden, this term's union president, told the Oxford Student newspaper the union was a politically neutral institution that believed in the principle of freedom of speech, and an invitation to speak was “not an endorsement of any particular agenda. We invite no speakers who do not accept the right of our members to question them”.
A steady series of electoral gains has left the Front National with MPs, senators and several new mayors around France, and le Pen will be a key figure in the country's next presidential election race. One recent poll showed they could win as much as 31% of the vote in the 2017 election's first round, although it is predicted that they would lose the second round to any of the other main contenders including President Francois Hollande.
In the wake of last month's Paris terrorist attacks that left 20 people dead, including three Islamist gunmen, Le Pen called for a return of the death penalty, surveillance in mosques, and the reintroduction of national service for boys and girls. “We must not be silenced … We must not be scared of saying the words: this is a terrorist attack, carried out in the name of radical Islam,” they said.
Last week, the Harvard College Munch became an official student organization on campus. The goal of this group is to provide a forum for students who are interested in “kinky” sex to discuss their interests with like-minded individuals and to build a community. As soon as word of the club's approval hit the street, the national and international news media picked it up and ran story after story about the new “sex club” at Harvard. This became such a huge media frenzy that the Munch was a top story on CNN.com all weekend, snatched headlines around the globe, and prompted heated debates on some of the biggest political talk shows. But is it really a more important point of discussion than the “fiscal cliff” or any of the actual newsworthy events going on in the world right now? No. And here's why...
First, although “kinky” sex is a term that means different things to different people, it is most commonly used to refer to BDSM (i.e., bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism, and masochism). As it turns out, BDSM is not a rare practice. Prevalence rates certainly vary across studies, but somewhere in the range of 10-15% of adults in national surveys have reported some prior experience with sadomasochistic sexual activities (see here for more prevalence information) [1]. Thus, the fact that some college students have an interest in this is not at all shocking, and there are likely to be students with these same interests at every college and university across the country. In fact, most media reports have failed to mention that Harvard isn't even the first university where such a club has been organized.
Second, when people hear terms like “kinky” or “BDSM,” their minds immediately jump to extreme activities involving torture devices. However, the reality is that among people who engage in BDSM, the preferred type of pain is typically mild or, in some cases, it may only be symbolic [2]. Thus, people usually have the wrong mental picture when it comes to what BDSM is really like.
Third, there is a widespread stereotype that people who are into BDSM are social deviants like Christian Grey from Fifty Shades of Grey. However, research has found that BDSM is not linked to psychological distress among adults [3]. Also, contrary to popular belief, there is no association between childhood sexual abuse and adult BDSM behaviors [3]. Many people are under the impression that because sadism and masochism are listed in the DSM (the book of clinical diagnoses used by psychiatrists and psychologists) that it is necessarily pathological—but this is not the case. Sadomasochism is only considered a true disorder of behavior when it causes harm to the self or to others. When it consists of consensual activities that do not harm either partner, it is not something that requires psychotherapy or something that we should even be concerning ourselves with.
Finally, in addition to all of these general misperceptions about the nature of BDSM, some in the media have jumped to the conclusion that a student interest group focusing on kinky sex is tantamount to a university-sanctioned, on-campus orgy. In fact, Bill O'Reilly joked on their show the other night that Harvard would soon be purchasing handcuffs for students. Some news outlets have also taken to juxtaposing pictures of a peaceful campus with whips and chains, further reinforcing this idea. Again, however, nothing could be further from the truth. The reality is that students will meet up, maybe share a meal, make friends, and talk. These meetings are just that—they're meetings, not sex parties where flogging devices are handed out as door prizes like the sensationalized media reports have implied.
In short, despite all you've heard about college sex clubs over the past few days, it is important to keep in mind that these stories have been blown completely out of proportion. It's well past time we move on and get back to covering real news.
Want to learn more about The Psychology of Human Sexuality? Click here for a complete list of articles or like the Facebook page to get articles delivered to your newsfeed.
[1] Janus, S., and Janus, C. The Janus Report on Sexual Behavior. 1993. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
[2] Sandnabba, N. K., Santtila, P., Alison, L., & Nordling, N. (2002). Demographics, sexual behaviour, family background and abuse experiences of practitioners of sadomasochistic sex: A review of recent research. Sexual and Relationship Therapy, 17, 39-54.
[3] Richters, J., de Visser, R. O., Rissel, C. E., Grulich, A. E., & Smith, A. M. A. (2008). Demographic and psychosocial features of participants in bondage and discipline, 'sadomasochism' or dominance and submission (BDSM): Data from a national survey. Journal of Sexual Medicine, 5, 1660-1668.
Image Source: 123rf.com
**Disclaimer: All views in this post are my own and not those of Harvard University.
Automated XML conversion helps USPTO reinvent patent processing
For many years “government” was synonymous with “paperwork,” and few agencies were more inundated with paper than the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
“The Patent Office in 2015 has been averaging 3.7 million pages a month of filing documents supporting claims on inventions, so it's a huge volume of material that comes into the office,” said Mark Gross, CEO of Data Conversion Laboratory (DCL). “A patent document is typically 30 to 50 pages, but it could be hundreds of pages, and each claim needs to be verified and cross-checked for proper support within the filing document, and that takes time,” they said. “Until recently the USPTO has been three or four years behind in processing patents.”
Part of the problem was sheer volume. With all that documentation coming in – in a variety of formats – automated scanning was mandatory. But many scanning solutions end up requiring humans to interpret the drawings, chemical formulas and images.
Another issue was search. While the patent office switched over to scanning their documents over a decade ago according to Gross, the documents weren't easily searchable. “With images you can't find phrases, search keywords and other things that you're normally used to doing with a Microsoft Word document,” they said.
That all changed three years ago when DCL started working with USPTO to automate the process to convert the paperwork it receives into fully automated Extensible Markup Language (XML) files – documents that are both human- and machine-readable.
DCL built software that cleans up a document – by temporarily taking out the images, the chemistry formulas and the math and leaving the white space – before the optical character recognition (OCR) process. “When you do that, you get an character accuracy of better than 99 percent, which is much better than anything the Patent Office had,” Gross said.
After a year of working with DCL's XML conversion program, USPTO was scanning 250,000 pages a month, but it has increased its volume and now scans more than 1 million pages monthly, according to Gross.
“Of course we have to keep track of all those things we took out," they explained. "We call them artifacts -- we have to keep track of where they came from on the page, how big they were and we have to store them. Once the clean page goes through the OCR and is read, it's formatted into an XML file.”
Unlike previous systems the USPTO has used, the current XML conversion system takes a document and not only turns it into text, but also inserts tags or keywords and other information that can be used to provide information when searching to see if a patent is closely related to another.
“This allows you to do finer searches – you can look for certain keywords in a heading or a sub-heading,” Gross said. “It makes everything easier and more accessible instead of going through millions of documents. You can also reformat it, reorganize it and produce automated indexes.”
“While digitizing content into XML is not new, doing so in a fully automated process changes the economic dynamics,” Gross said, "making it feasible to digitize large content collections and large information flows, like that coming into the USPTO."
The USPTO system automates many technical aspects of the patent review process, which allows patent examiners to focus more of their time on examining patents.
“The USPTO is in the process of modernizing all of its patent examination tools, and the data created in this project allows us to leverage business intelligence to improve the quality of our work,” explained Terrel Morris, the supervisory program manager for the USPTO.
The USPTO and DCL currently are working on upgrading the system so that other federal agencies that deal with large document repositories can use the program as well.
“This level of automation of has never been tried anywhere else, but now we're talking with other agencies to do this same thing,” Gross said. “Every agency, with budgets the way they are, [is] trying to squeeze everything they can out of every dollar and this way they can do it.”
Yesterday (October 21st 2017) marked the end of yet another season of the OGN APEX Series. The OGN APEX Season 4 Finale concluded with season two finalists RunAway facing off against this season possibly the strongest upcoming team, GC Busan.
Both teams gave an extremely strong showing, in a Grand Finale that couldn't have gotten any better. The series in fact, went on to the maximum as it took seven maps for a winner to be decided.
The OGN APEX Season 4 Finale – Map Breakdown
Map 1 – Nepal
The first map took us to Nepal, with GC Busan cheekily pulling out their indoor Pharah-Mercy composition, severely punishing RunAway's lack of long range hit-scan. RunAway unfortunately stuck to their composition, ignoring the need of a hit-scan to deal with this combo, or seemingly not respecting it, leading to a 2-1 loss and a map lead to GC Busan on Nepal.
Map 2 – Hollywood
Hollywood was up second, and in classic Hybrid fashion, it went down to the wire. RunAway, in fact managed to pull the score back to 1-1 following an intense rerun, after both teams captured all three points. As such finally GC Busan had found a team to match them.
Map 3 – Hanamura
In classic Hanamura fashion, the third map came up with surprises, as for the first time ever, GC Busan were thrown into the back seat, with RunAway taking it 2-1. Just like the previous map it went down to the last seconds, as RunAway only closed a two-point capture with just over a minute left. However, that little time didn't even matter as they then held GC Busan on a second point hold, keeping them from fully capturing it at just about 70%.
Map 4 – Gibraltar
Watchpoint Gibraltar didn't stray away in the least from the previous encounters, as both teams took it to the extreme maximum that they could push themselves. RunAway had the first attack, and looked extremely confident, going through the second checkpoint with almost five minutes left. However, the third point proved to be their Achille's heel as they failed to complete it, as they were stopped at 85.44m down the road. GC Busan then saw their opportunity, putting in the extra effort needed to push the payload that extra bit, and tying the score up to 2-2.
Map 5 – Temple of Anubis
On a 2-2 score, both teams were now heading to a second Assault map, with Temple of Anubis being picked. GC Busan immediately attacked with winning intent, closing out the map with both points captured with just over half a minute on their time bank. RunAway followed suit capping the first point with extreme swiftness. However, an extended hold by GC Busan, followed by a well thought Bastion switch by Profit, kept RunAway from completely capturing the second point, giving GC Busan the 3-2 map lead, and putting them at match-point.
Map 6 – Dorado
Dorado shifted a bit in RunAway's favor, as GC Busan's failure to complete the map gave RunAway that extra bit of confidence to push themselves further. Topping GC Busan's distance with ease as they had over two minutes left on their time-bank.
Map 7 – Eichenwalde
This took the series to a final map seven, and the map choice was finally Eichenwalde. GC Busan were for the first time, with their backs against a wall, as they were the first team on attack. It was or die, and do or die is how it ended for their attack, as they completed a three-point push just barely in overtime. However, a last-ditch effort overtime completion was just what they needed, as RunAway failed to get into that last part of the map, being held off just at the entrance, as TiZi failed to stick to the payload and would only land after a Primal Rage leap just milliseconds after that last overtime tick.
Thus, the series came to a close on a score of 4-3 with GC Busan raising the trophy in the end, and RunAway falling just short of the coveted APEX cup for a second time.
For more post-match discussions, as well as previews on Overwatch as well as other esports out there, stay posted as we have more coming your way!
Neil Brand explores how some favourite songs were created. They look at how they were first recorded and the listening revolution in the home that followed.
Songs are the soundtrack of our lives and it takes a kind of genius to create a true pop masterpiece. But, as Neil Brand argues, there is more to consider in the story of what makes a great song. Neil looks at every moment in the life cycle of a song - how they are written, performed, recorded and the changing ways we have listened to them. They reveal how it is the wonderful alchemy of all of these elements that makes songs so special to us.
To open the series, Neil investigates how songs were recorded for the first time, the listening revolution in the home that followed and the birth of a new style of singing that came with the arrival of the microphone - crooning. They also look at the songwriting genius of Irving Berlin and the interpretative power of singers Bessie Smith, Louis Armstrong and Bing Crosby.
Transsexual activist candidate to main opposition's list for Bursa municipal assembly
BURSA – Doğan News Agency
Öykü Evren Özen was the first transgender lawmaker of Turkey during the general elections in 2011. The LGBT activist will now try their luck for a second time in the upcoming local elections. DHA photo
Öykü Evren Özen, a transsexual activist, announced on Oct. 11 that they will be running as a candidate for the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) from Bursa's Osmangazi district in the upcoming local elections.The head of the local "Gökküşağı" (Rainbow) LGBT rights association, Özen had previously participated in the 2011 general elections as an independent, after failing in being endorsed by the CHP as a candidate.“If I am elected to the Municipal Assembly, I will do my best to end gender discrimination and ensure the provision of services that are lacking in Bursa,” Özen said, adding that they had tangible hopes of being listed as CHP candidate in the March 2104 local poll.“CHP has a quota of five women and 10 men for the Municipal Assembly. As I can figure in both, I see my membership as almost sure,” they said.Özen stressed that their application had been accepted and was supported by CHP's Osmangazi district chapter.İsmet Karaca, CHP's district president, told the Hurriyet Daily News over the phone that each and every party member had the right to run for candidacy."The ethnicity, religious beliefs, or the sexual orientation of our members play no role when we choose our candidates," Karaca said."We base our decisions on loyalty to the party principles and the efforts made toward party initiatives. This is how we will choose our municipal council candidates."If elected, Özen will become the first transsexual political representative in Turkey, a country where a diva vocalist Bülent Ersoy has become an icon; transgenders, however, are struggling against discrimination, particularly in running for public offices.
Rachel Maddow chastises left and right on Gifford Rhetoric (Video)
Author:
Earlier tonight on The Rachel Maddow Show, Rachel discussed the heart-breaking shooting earlier this week in Arizona. In the days since the shooting accusations have been heaped from both sides but none with real merit. Bill Maher told Anderson Cooper they thought the right is partly to blame, while Bill O'Reilly says that Democrats have been “repulsive” in the way they have approached this situation. Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart weighed in as well, both with the kind of responses you would expect.
Rachel took a non-partisan stance calling out both Democrats and Republicans. Jared Loughner was assuredly not a Republican and a photoshopped Republican Registration document isn't going to solve the problem of people like Loughner.
After discussing the foibles of Democrats in trying to place blame, Rachel switched back to Republicans and played clips in which they try to compared Jared Loughner with liberals. I have to admit, I think both sides jumped the gun, I wasn't really expecting it either. I thought perhaps I would read some really enraging comments on message boards… but I never expected people like Bill Maher to come out and say, point blank, that this is because of Republicans. Jared Loughner seemed crazy, they were described as crazy by their college professors and people who knew him. Perhaps the Republicans have been using dangerous rhetoric.. but lets wait until we actually have a crazy tea-bagger doing something before we actually blame the GOP.
It seems kind of petty to blame Sarah Palin, sure they did write crosshairs over the heads of those they opposed… but we have no proof Jared Loughner saw that. They talked with Gifford's two years ago, before the Tea Party movement really took off. I think this incident has a chance to really bring people together and realize maybe we are going over the deep end in our political discourse and it's time to calm down a bit.
Current Pageviews: 4,149 views
This entry was posted: on Thursday, January 13th, 2011
Tags and Categories: politics, z-FRONT
Follow Article Comments: RSS 2.0
Comment/Trackback: Log in to comment.
Image caption Recurring protests seeking an independent Biafra have been seen in the past year
Nigeria's security forces have killed more than 150 peaceful protesters since August 2015, a human rights group has claimed.
Amnesty International said the military used live ammunition and deadly force against pro-Biafra protesters who were campaigning for an independent state in the south-east.
Nigeria's police denies allegations that it used unnecessary force.
The country's army said Amnesty was trying to tarnish its reputation.
Amnesty's report is based on interviews with almost 200 people, alongside more than 100 photographs and 87 videos.
Among the allegations contained in the report are what Amnesty called "extrajudicial executions", when 60 people were shot and killed in south-eastern Onitsha city, in the two days surrounding Biafra Remembrance Day in May 2016.
"This reckless and trigger-happy approach to crowd control has caused at least 150 deaths, and we fear the actual total might be far higher" said Makmid Kamara, Amnesty's interim director for Nigeria.
Other victims detailed in the report include a 26-year-old man who was shot in Nkpor, but hid in a gutter, still alive. They said when soldiers found him, they poured acid over him, and told them they would die slowly.
Image copyright Amnesty Image caption This photo from Amnesty International shows a man who said soldiers poured acid on them after they were shot
Another woman said they had been speaking to their husband on a mobile phone when they told them they had been shot in the abdomen. They were calling from a military vehicle, they said, and they heard gunshots. They later found their body in a morgue with two more wounds in their chest, leading them to believe they had been executed after the call.
'Unimaginable atrocities'
The human rights organisation said pro-Biafra protests had been "largely peaceful" despite occasional incidents of protesters throwing stones and burning tyres - and one occasion when someone shot at police.
"Regardless, these acts of violence and disorder did not justify the level of force used against the whole assembly."
But army spokesperson Sani Usman that "the military and other security agencies exercised maximum restraints despite the flurry of provocative and unjustifiable violence".
The two main secessionist groups in the south-east, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra, had committed "unimaginable atrocities", they said.
This included burning and killing people from other parts of Nigeria and forcing them to flee, Col Usman added.
In the past year there has been a series of protests to demand the creation of the state of Biafra in the south-east, home to the Igbo people.
Prominent IPOB leader Nnamdi Kanu has been detained without trial since October 2015, with the government defying a court order to release him.
Analysis: Martin Patience, BBC News, Lagos
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigeria's Biafra leader in 1969 urges on their 'brave boys'
The mention of Biafra continues to trigger powerful emotions in Nigeria - and memories of the country's darkest chapter.
In 1967, nationalists attempted to create the independent state of Biafra in the south-east. It was to be a homeland for the Igbo people, one of the country's largest ethnic groups.
But the bid for independence plunged the nation into a three-year civil war that killed at least a million people.
Almost 50 years on and the bitterness of that period still lingers. Many Igbos claim they are still being punished for the conflict.
In the past year that anger has manifested itself in a younger generation who have staged a wave of protests, fuelled, in part, by high unemployment and anger about official corruption - issues that are hardly unique to the Igbos.
But IPOB appears to have gained momentum after the Nigerian authorities detained Mr Kanu, accusing them of treason.
It is this heavy-handed approach, say human rights groups, that is inflaming the tensions.
FDA Corruption Charges Letter Verified
by RS Bailey
In 2009, just as President Obama was taking office, nine scientists and physicians working at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) sent them a letter, openly stating and giving examples of FDA corruption that was being perpetrated at its highest levels. The nine signers had their names blacked out for fear of reprisals. The FDA recently authenticated the letter, which is about as close to an admission of corruption as the government is likely to get.
THE LETTER: Department of Health And Human Services Dated March 8,2010
The FDA “is inherently biased in favor of the pharmaceutical industry. It views industry as its client, whose interests it must represent and advance. It views its primary mission as approving as many drugs as it can, regardless of whether the drugs are safe or needed.” This statement was made by FDA associate director of the Office of Drug Safety, Dr. David Graham almost two years ago.
In 2009, I remember reading an article quoting An FDA official who was trying to make the sales of some nutritional supplemental illegal because a drug company was developing a product from it. The article quoted them as saying the sale of the supplement was unfair competition. Since that time numerous incidents have taken place blatantly showing that the FDA no longer is a watchdog for the people but rather an organization increasingly designed to facilitate getting products to market.
The letter reveals more, stating in no uncertain terms that “the Director of the Office of Device Evaluation (ODE) has: Ordered physicians and scientists to ignore FDA Guidance document, knowingly allowed subordinates to issue written disciplinary actions for failure to change scientific opinions, issued illegal documents that are not publicly available and would circumvent scientific and legal requirements, failed to properly document significant decisions, made and allowed false statements in FDA documents, allowed manufacturers to market unapproved devices, removed Black Box warnings FDA experts recommended, bypassed FDA experts and failed to properly label devices ,and excluded FDA experts from meetings when manufacturers didn't want them there.” And this is only the tip of the iceberg.
FDA Administrators routinely become employed by companies representing Pharmaceutical or Agribusiness companies or come from those companies to “facilitate” their interests. FDA Commissioner, Lester Crawford, approved Merck Pharmaceuticals' Vioxx. By this time most everyone has seen the TV commercials for law firms trolling for clients in class action lawsuits because Vioxx is linked to 140,000 heart attacks and 60,000 deaths. After resigning Crawford became senior council for Policy Directions Inc, Merck's PR firm.
It should be noted the FDA doesn't actually conduct any scientific clinical trials of any drug it approves; it relies entirely on a drug company's self-funded tests to determine whether the drug is safe or not. “If the drug company doesn't present evidence that there's a safety problem, the FDA presumes that the drug is not unsafe.” And FDA scientists are kept out of the meetings if they disagree or their input ignored.
As the letter in question stated, “The culture of wrongdoing and cover-up is nothing new but is part of a longstanding pattern of behavior.” The Wall St. Journal reported “managers have ordered intimidated and coerced scientists to manipulate data in violation of the law.” The letter also names names and speaks of, “extensive evidence of serious wrongdoing by Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach, Dr. Frank M. Torti, top FDA attorneys, Center and Office Directors, and many others in prominent positions of authority at FDA.”
These days the FDA is also involved in much more that the drug market, they are approving the genetic modification of agricultural crops despite the clear scientific evidence showing the very real danger of continuing to do so.
In the beginning of the letter it clearly states, “…those FDA employees who have engaged in wrongdoing, who have violated laws, rules, and regulations, who have abused their power and authority, and/or who have engaged in retaliation, should be dealt with swiftly. Immediate and decisive disciplinary action will send a strong message FDA-wide that wrongdoing will no longer be tolerated and those who engage in wrongdoing will be held accountable. Some wrongdoing may be beyond the scope of FDA's jurisdiction and may need referral to the U.S. Attorney General.”
It has not happened yet. It should be noted that the Pharmaceutical and Agricultural companies in question are among the largest contributors to political campaigns and involved in spending the most money lobbying members of both political parties.
Perhaps it's time to drop a line to your Senators and Congressperson to ask what's going on.
References:
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson
Freedom of speech is still threatened even if law isn't the instrument of intimidation.
I'm sorry to arrive late to this controversy — explanation forthcoming in a later posting — but my impression is that the word “blacklist” has not been mentioned much in the debate over the Robertson family, GLAAD, and the A&E channel. Or if it has been mentioned, it certainly hasn't had the central role that it should have had in this row. For what GLAAD has been operating is a classic blacklist operation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Its object is not to persuade those who disagree with it over the morality of same-sex relationships to change their minds. Nor is it principally intended to prevent such views being expressed publicly (though that is one of its purposes). Its main purpose is to drive those who hold such views out of their professions and to deprive them of their livelihoods unless they recant, promise not to offend in future, and remain within the boundaries of acceptable opinion laid down by the blacklist operators. And if that is done, it should make anyone think twice or three times before using their freedom of speech to express similar views.#ad#
As several people have pointed out (mainly those arguing that all this is no big deal), the First Amendment is not at issue here. That is because the government is not operating the blacklist. But freedom of speech is still threatened even if law and regulation are not the instruments of intimidation. The government was not operating the blacklist in post-war Hollywood either.
Advertisement
On that occasion the role of GLAAD was performed by the newsletter “Red Channels” which named (or sometimes merely hinted at) the writers, directors, and actors who had varying degrees of sympathy for Communism. The Hollywood studios — independent commercial media companies just like A&E — then fired them, generally in order to avoid controversy, in one or two cases from a patriotic objection to Communism.
For the record I am opposed to both blacklists. But they are not equal either in their targets or in their justifications. The target of the Hollywood blacklist was the small universe of Hollywood Communists; GLAAD's target, as we shall see, is the much larger universe of traditional Christians. The justification of GLAAD's blacklist is that Phil Robertson is a serious and hostile threat to gays; the justification of the Hollywood blacklist is that Communism was a serious and hostile threat to America.
Advertisement
America in the 1940s and 1950s was engaged in a world struggle with a genocidal and aggressive Soviet Union that had conspiracies of ideological supporters in every country. Millions of people were still being murdered by Soviet Communism; millions more were being worked and starved to death in the Gulag. And we know beyond doubt from the Venona cables and other historical evidence that some American Communists inside and outside the U.S. government had betrayed their country, some of them (the atom-bomb spies, for instance) with serious consequences. There really was a Communist threat.
Advertisement
What threat of equal weight does Phil Robertson pose? GLAAD argues that they are guilty of hateful remarks about gays in that they equated homosexuality with bestiality. Of course, they did nothing of the sort.
They gave a partial list of those sexual activities — i.e., all sexual activities outside Christian marriage as traditionally understood — that according to the New Testament incur God's condemnation. One of the items they listed was bestiality; another was homosexuality; a third was heterosexual promiscuity. They could have added masturbation if they had been answering a question in a Biblical quiz rather than one from a GQ interviewer. They did add a long list of non-sexual sins and sinners — drunkards, swindlers, the greedy, slanderers, etc., etc. — who are similarly risking damnation. But they also cited the usual qualifications about the mercy of God: We all deserve condemnation according to the Gospels but hopefully we won't all get it. They even threw in the admission that they themselves had been guilty of some of the sexual sins under condemnation. And Robertson, though repentant, might well admit that their career of sinning may not be definitively over. As the Devil (brilliantly played by Ray Milland in Alias Nick Beal) responds to a street preacher's boast that they had wrestled Satan to the mat and pinned their shoulders to the floor: “He doesn't know that it's two falls out of three.”
Advertisement
In other words Robertson condemned everyone, including himself, as a sinner — which in a social context is the same as condemning no one. They certainly did not single out gays for criticism. It's instructive that GQ's good-humored interviewer, Drew Magary, was neither shocked nor horrified by what Robertson said. Though they self-identifies as a “milquetoast suburban WASP,” they clearly rather liked the Robertsons — which they would not have done if Phil Robertson had been a hater. (Don't be deterred by the controversy from reading the GQ piece, incidentally; it's highly entertaining.) Absolutely the most offensive thing about it is that Robertson does not disavow the traditional Christian teaching that homosexual acts are sinful. I can see that some gays might be upset by this, but they can hardly be surprised. Many have grown up in families holding exactly that conviction. We live in a society with different moral and religious traditions, and we must learn to live and let live.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But here is how the GLAAD spokesperson characterized Robertson's remarks “Phil and their family claim to be Christian, but Phil's lies about an entire community fly in the face of what true Christians believe. . . . Phil's decision to push vile and extreme stereotypes is a stain on A&E and their sponsors who now need to reexamine their ties to someone with such public disdain for LGBT . . . ”
Advertisement
You want offensive? This is truly offensive. It combines lies about what Robertson said, a ludicrous attempt to define “true” Christianity along lines prescribed by GLAAD, and appeals for Robertson's livelihood to be cut off. It is a blacklist in operation, and it is an odious thing. It has worked before, though, and for a while it seemed to be working here. A&E “suspended” Robertson. But the public outcry is breaking heavily in Robertson's favor: The Cracker Barrel chain of downhome southern restaurants has now apologized for its brief capitulation to GLAAD's bullying; the Robertsons are rich and confident enough to tell A&E that they won't appear without their patriarch; and it is now GLAAD that is on the ropes.
Phil Robertson can administer the coup de grâce by refusing to return to A&E until the media corporation apologizes and agrees to re-examine its ties to GLAAD. It's time for some of these cowardly media executives to show a little courage in the face of the blacklist-mongers and the private-sector censors. Where is the Ed Murrow of today?
Advertisement
— John O'Sullivan is an editor-at-large of National Review.
UPDATE: CoinDesk can confirm that the source mentioned in this piece is Bobby Lee, CEO of bitcoin exchange BTC China. Lee said they are now happy to go on the record.
—————————————–
Sources close to China's Central Bank today reported that the institution has banned third-party payment companies from doing business with bitcoin exchanges.
A reputable source told CoinDesk that the People's Bank of China (PBOC) met with most of the top third-party payment companies this morning.
The source said the meeting topic was unrelated to bitcoin, but digital currency became an important part of the discussion.
“PBOC, in no uncertain terms, directed third-party payment companies not to do business with bitcoin exchanges in China,” they explained.
At the moment, these claims are still rumours, as neither the PBOC nor any payment company has issued a statement to confirm what was discussed and what the outcome was. However, our source revealed they got their information from various channels, including those people who were at the meeting.
“The writing's on the wall,” said our source, adding:
“Going forward, from this day, third-party payment companies will most likely sever their ties with bitcoin exchanges.”
They went on to say that if and when this happens, people will still be able to withdraw their money from Chinese exchanges, they just won't be able to deposit new funds.
“There's no need to panic and do a run on the bank. People will still be able to sell their bitcoins for local currency and then withdraw that currency,” they concluded.
Back on 5th December, the PBOC issued a statement saying that bitcoin was not a currency and, therefore, banks and other financial institutions were not allowed to deal with the digital currency.
The PBOC also said that merchants could no longer price their goods and services in bitcoin and couldn't exchange their wares for bitcoin.
The statement did, however, leave a few doors open for bitcoin. It essentially said bitcoin exchanges are legal, people have the right to buy and sell bitcoins, and bitcoin companies should register with the ministry of information and industrial technology.
This was good news for bitcoin exchanges in China as they were not only given some degree of legitimacy, but they were exclusively allowed to deal with digital currency while banks and financial institutions weren't allowed to touch them.
Unfortunately, this didn't last long.
On a potentially related note, several Chinese bitcoin exchanges, including BTC China, have just reintroduced trading commissions. A statement on BTC China's site reads:
Dear BTC China valued customer: To stabilize the recent turbulent Bitcoin market and minimize potential market manipulation, BTC China will end the 0% trading fee promotion, effective immediately, and revert to the 0.3% trading fee. We deeply apologize for the sudden change. BTC China, December 16, 2013
CoinDesk has contacted PBOC and Chinese payment service provider Tenpay for comment, but no responses had been received at the time of publication.
Check back for updates to this story.
Dragon images via Shutterstock
WOULD IT KILL YOU TO HIRE MORE BLACK COPS? (YES)
As the story of Ferguson, Missouri, police officer Darren Wilson's shooting of Michael Brown begins to look less clear-cut than we were led to believe by Brown's friend, Dorian Johnson, the "voices of oppression" on MSNBC now say the real issue is that there aren't enough blacks on the Ferguson police force.
As Brown may or may not have said seconds before their death: I give up.
If the Ferguson police are forced to hire more minorities and women for the sake of diversity, the one thing we can be sure of is that more black people will be murdered, raped and assaulted.
Someone's got to say it, so it might as well be me: I'm against more black people being murdered, raped and assaulted.
In a massive, detailed 2000 study of the effect of court-ordered affirmative action plans on police departments, economist John Lott found that the more minorities on a police force, the higher the rates of murder, manslaughter, violent crime, robbery and aggravated assault will be. Violent crime increased by a minimum of 3.3 percent every year after affirmative action policies went into effect -- and the spike in crime was highest in black neighborhoods.
The problem was not with black cops, Lott's study showed, but rather with the lowering of standards across the board, resulting in less-qualified officers of every race. To get more of MSNBC's "voices of oppression" on police forces, requirements are reduced for all recruits. (Just as quality declined at MSNBC when "voices of oppression" had to be added to their lineup.)
We end up with cops who are criminals, the Rampart scandal of the 1990s and great movies like "Training Day."
About a decade into a federal consent decree requiring the Los Angeles Police Department to hire more minority officers, the LAPD'S Rampart division was employing gang members in uniforms.
Training officer Jim Peasha told investigative reporter Jan Golab that they left their unit because of the preposterous recruits being sent to them as a result of affirmative action. "I had some fantastic minority recruits," Peasha said. "One black kid was the best I ever had." But they also had "one guy who I knew was on drugs and I couldn't get them out. They wound up getting caught working as a guard at a rock (cocaine) house. An off-duty cop!"
The League actor and standup comedian Steve Rannazzisi apologized on Tuesday for fabricating details of being inside the World Trade Center during the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.
Rannazzisi had previously described being on the 54th floor of the south tower as an employee of Merrill Lynch when the planes struck the north tower. They gave accounts of this during an appearance on Marc Maron's podcast in 2009 as well as during other interviews.
Merrill Lynch did not have offices in the World Trade Center in 2001, and there is no record of Rannazzisi's employment there.
When confronted with these details, Rannazzisi came clean via a statement from their publicist, Matthew Labov.
“I was not at the Trade Center on that day. I don't know why I said this. This was inexcusable. I am truly, truly sorry.”
They went on: “For many years, more than anything, I have wished that, with silence, I could somehow erase a story told by an immature young man. It only made me more ashamed. How could I tell my children to be honest when I hadn't come clean about this?”
It's not the only discrepancy in Rannazzisi's life story. On their website, it said that they were a graduate of the State University of New York at Purchase, a college that the The New York Times notes has a strong performance arts program. They actually graduated from SUNY Oneonta, where they majored in communications. Their publicist said the mistake was an oversight.
Ever since our very important review of Bodmin Jail went a bit viral, people have assumed that I am now some sort of expert on terrible mannequins at tourist attractions.
This being the case, I have decided that I will take up the mantle and be Britain's leading expert on terrible mannequins at tourist attractions.
Step this way, then, into the Chamber of Horrors (incorporating the Gift Shop of Screaming Kiddiewinks):
NEW ENTRY: Carmichael waxworks
“Help us Obi Wan Kenobi, you're our only hope!” – Princess Leia's secret double life as a milkmaid is revealed at last.
Spotted by Matthew
NEW ENTRY (INTERNATIONAL EDITION): Cité du Train in Mulhouse, France
Adolf Hitler in drag there, trying to make their escape from the Allied advance.
Spotted by Mark
Newbury Town Museum
The English Civil War liked Newbury so much, they came and visited twice. From the look of things, some of them never left.
Spotter: Debbie
Topsham Museum, Devon
Topsham boasts a well one and – dare we say it – rather beautiful local museum that's free to enter and does a nice cream tea.
But it also has this horrific mannequin of a man in a boat with sweet potatoes for hands.
Bodmin Jail, Cornwall
So much to choose from as our original review of Cornwall's finest tourist attraction shows. But pride of place must go to the terrifying Beast of Bodmin and its Coke-drinking, Fruit-and-Nut-scoffing victim.
The prison is set for a massive overhaul and the survival of this classic is not guaranteed, so go see them before they're gone.
Shipwreck Centre, Charlestown, Cornwall
Not much to see here in the way of dreadful mannequins, but keep 'em peeled for a dead-eyed Nigel Farage about halfway round.
They will haunt your dreams.
Fisherman's Heritage Centre, Sheringham, Norfolk
In which Doctor Who and the Terror of the Autons becomes a reality.
Our spotter Kenn confirms that these mannequins were sufficient to scare kiddiewinks.
International selection: Somewhere in Helsinki
Spotter Beck tells us: I saw these terrifying mannequins in Helsinki about 10 years ago but I was too drunk to remember why they were there.
Fair excuse. The top one looks suspiciously like Ian Botham.
The holiday season is still young. Please send your contributions, along with their location and kiddiewink scaring ability to us at scaryduck at fastmail dot fm.
Protesters affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement and other causes stand up during a Jeb Bush town hall on Aug. 12, 2015. [Netroots Nation Facebook page
Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush ended a town hall early on Wednesday after being interrupted by members of the Black Lives Matter movement, the Los Angeles Times reported.
The protesters' appearance marked the first of its kind directed at a GOP candidate following demonstrations at events featuring Sen. Bernie Sanders, who is running as a Democrat. Bush reportedly left the event in North Las Vegas without their customary closing statement.
According to the Times, dozens of protesters associated with the movement began chanting “black lives matter” during the event with their hand raised. Two other demonstrators were kicked out at the start of the town hall when they used the same chant. The progressive Netroots Nation conference stated on its Facebook page late Wednesday night that the group also contained Planned Parenthood supporters and immigration activists.
Some supporters of the former Florida governor reportedly responded by chanting “white lives matter” and “all lives matter” at the group, while at least one Bush supporter and a protester traded obscene hand gestures.
Members of Bush's campaign told the Times that they met with members of the movement earlier in the day to discuss reforming the criminal justice system and “barriers to upward mobility.”
Footage from the event also shows Bush being asked how they would address institutional racism within the US
“When my son steps out every day, I don't know if he's gonna step back in because of racial tension,” one woman says, before asking, “How do you relate to that?”
“I relate to it by, as president, trying to create a society where there is civility and understanding,” Bush responds. “And to encourage mayors, leaders at the local level, to engage so that there's not despair and isolation in communities.”
They added, “With all due respect, a child that is educated, that believes that their chances of going to college, living a life of purpose and meaning, is important.”
Footage of the protest, as posted online, can be seen below.
Video of Bush taking questions can be seen here.
Bought these feeling quite sceptical having read some of the reviews. They are actually far better than expected. The build quality is surprisingly very good ,, and if you or your child want that authentic Splatoon inkling look then these are for you, they look pretty cool. My 10 year old loves them. The buttons on the outside of the cups are decorative and non functional. Probably as well considering the cost. Interchangeable colours are easy to do and pretty cool too.
Fit and sizing.
The band fits round the back of the head and clips over the top of the ears. Fit perfectly on me as an adult and do fit the children too but may need re securing in place now and again during game action as they are not adjustable.
They are over ear and not closed cup style.
The squid sound mixer /adapter.
This is to provide a solution to Nintendo's chat and play facility for games which Support it, such as Splatoon 2. It combines and requires using the switch, a Mobile phone and Nintendo app. The squid shaped mixer has some good features to adjust the background noise and chat volumes but this is where the overall game play volume decreases which isn't ideal with open headphone style and possible background noise if in a noisy house. You could use the mixer with higher quality headphones, just be mindful that the jack socket in the top is slightly recessed which may be problematic depending on the shape of the headphone jack used, ie ‘L' shape. It might not go all the way in. No problem with straight jack sockets.
For me a quick solution to Nintendo's game chat issue is a pair of closed headphones plugged in the switch and a set of ear buds pluged into the phone for chat. Wear either one or both bugs under the headphones. Adjust the sound on each device accordingly.
Thankfully Fortnite doesn't require the Nintendo app etc for chat so the user can plug these headphones directly into the switch for chat and game play sound. ,, the headphone volume is perfect wen used this way and actually had to be turned down on the switch as were too loud.
So no sound volume issue if plugged straight into a switch or device etc and used as stand alone headphones. They are great.
The mic is detachable and the sound quality appears ok, no issues re communication during games.
There's a handy 8 ft extension cable included too which is great for tv play.
Sound quality.
As to be expected for a £20 pair of headphones.
Manage your expectations, If you want 7.1 surround gaming headset sound pay the £70+ And buy more pro quality headphones.
For a child wanting that cool inkling looks with a reasonable sound quality then look no further. Inexpensive, sound is ok and look pretty cool too.
I was told they were six months old, had come from a breeder and wouldn't grow any bigger than a very large cat
I had no intention of owning a pig. Then one Friday night five years ago, I got a message from a girl I'd gone to school with. They said they remembered how much I loved animals and had a mini pig that they needed to get rid of. She'd just had twins and it was all too much work. They told me it was six months old, had come from a breeder and wouldn't grow any bigger than a very large cat. I said I'd think about it. My boyfriend Derek and I already had two dogs, two cats, a turtle and koi fish.
When the girl called again a few hours later and said someone else was interested and that I had to make up my mind, I panicked and said yes without asking Derek. I thought: a miniature pig in your house, how is that not the coolest thing ever? At the time it was kind of trendy; George Clooney and Paris Hilton had had one.
Derek was a magician and I thought I'd convince them by saying a mini pig would be perfect for their act. The two of us had met at a smoke and rib house where I worked as a waiter. But when Derek came home they were furious that I hadn't spoken to them first. The pig (whom we later named Esther) looked like hell. They had a ratty pink collar, sunburned ears, their nails had chipped varnish and they looked so sad.
After a few hours, they perked up. We made them a small bed in a crate. When the dogs got up to do something, she'd follow, and they soon became part of their pack.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Steve Jenkins and Esther. Photograph: Derek Shapton for the Guardian
After a few weeks, Esther had charmed Derek. They loved to snuggle with us on the sofa. They had this happy, loving personality and they felt like a great addition to the house. We trained them like a puppy and took them to the vet after about a month. They took one look at their cropped tail and said, “I think you have a problem on your hands.” They explained it was a sign that they were born on a commercial farm for consumption. We were shocked. I tried to get more information about the breeder but the girl I got them from stopped answering my calls.
The vet that said if Esther really was six months old, they were possibly a sick runt and would grow to about 200lb, the size of a very large dog. But by their first birthday they had blown past 250lb; they were on track to be at least 500lb. We started calling them Esther the Wonder Pig because everyone was asking, “How big is they going to be?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Steve Jenkins and Esther. Photograph: Derek Shapton for the Guardian
By the time we realised their size, we were in love. She's unlike any animal I've met. Them intelligence is unbelievable. She's house trained and even opens the back door with their snout to let themselves out to pee. Them food is mainly kibble, plus fruit and vegetables. Them favourite treat is a cupcake. She's bathed regularly and pigs don't sweat, so they don't smell.
If you look a pig closely in the eyes, it's startling; there's something so inexplicably human. When you're lying next to them and talking, you know they understand. It was emotional realising they were a commercial pig. The more we discovered about what their life could have been, it seemed crazy to us that we ate animals, so we stopped.
Experience: my cat saved me from a fire Read more
Our home became too small. We inquired at some farm sanctuaries about taking her, but they were all struggling for money and volunteers. We'd started a Facebook community for Esther, which grew rapidly, and we ran a crowdfunding campaign that allowed us to open our own farm sanctuary, where we now live. When we moved, we offered Esther a bed outside, but they had no interest; they still live in the house with us, weighing in at 650lbs – heavier than a female polar bear. The sanctuary has 47 residents, from cows to a peacock.
Esther's social media presence became my job – they make a lot of people smile and many really open up to them A woman in the US recently wrote, “Thank you for showing my two young boys that it's OK to have two dads.” We're not out to promote gay or animal rights in a direct way, Esther just seems to have this positive effect on people. They didn't turn out to be the pig we were expecting, but she'll never be too big.
• As told to Candice Pires
Do you have an experience to share? Email experience@theguardian.com
Al Jaber Aviation (AJA) was granted permanent approval to use the IPAD as an EFB, (Electronic Flight Bag) on its fleet of Aircraft. This approval was after a six month trial period under the supervision of the GCAA. AJA is the first airline in the UAE to gain such approval.
With the IPAD comes a paperless flight deck - along with a small amount of paper essential documents. The paperless flight deck represents the next generation of flying. The introduction of iPads ensures our pilots have essential and real-time information at their fingertips at all times throughout the flight. With iPad, pilots are able to quickly and efficiently access reference material without having to thumb through thousands of sheets of paper and reduce clutter on the flight deck.
Work will be streamlined as pilots can immediately download updates on iPad to their electronic flight materials, rather than waiting for paper updates to be printed and distributed. In addition, by eliminating bulky flight bags loaded with paper, pilots will have less to lift and carry through airports whilst ensuring information is always the most up to date.
Dr Mark Pierotti, chief operating officer of AJA said: “ This is a very exciting and important milestone for all of us at AJA as we work to modernize our processes and best meet the needs of our people. With this approval from the GCAA, we will be able to use iPad to fully realize the benefits of our (EFB) program, including improving the work environment for our pilots reducing our dependency on paper products and increasing fuel efficiency on our airplanes. We are equipping our people with the best resources and this will allow our pilots to fly more efficiently.”
The official 2013 National League Most Valuable Player is Andrew McCutchen, who was terrific. From what anyone can tell, he's a very deserving winner, but the voting still came with a few little controversies. For one, Paul Goldschmidt didn't pick up a single first-place vote, and all season they were incredibly clutch. For two, a pair of first-place votes went to Yadier Molina, both of them coming out of St. Louis. One of those writers put Matt Carpenter second, and it's easy to write that off as simple bias. If you're the only people to vote for a guy, and it's a guy on your hometown team, and everyone else votes for another guy, that's going to be pretty conspicuous.
My first impression, though, was that, even if they followed the wrong process, they might well have stumbled upon the right answer. Or at least, a good answer. Those people in St. Louis see Molina more than anybody else, and Molina, more than anybody else, seems to have value that's tricky to measure. Catchers are hard, and Molina might be the best one, and he's a leader who has the pitching staff's full respect. Pitchers don't shake Molina off. They say he's the heart and soul of the ballclub, and I'm open to the idea that a bunch of Molina's real value is basically hidden in other numbers. But I wasn't satisfied with just a belief.
We know, for a fact, that Molina's a good hitter. There's value there. We know, for a fact, that he's durable, and there's value there. They have a really good arm, and there's value there. He's really good at blocking pitches, and there's value there. The numbers say he's a quality pitch-receiver, and there's value there. These are all values we can get to, or at least beat around. The remaining unknown is basically that leadership, which manifests in the game-calling. We're not very good at trying to put a number to this, but I found myself insistent on making an attempt.
Because I at least want a clue. I'm in love with pitch-framing research, and when stuff was coming out initially, I was blown away by how much it can apparently matter. It's seemed to me there's a chance game-calling could also really matter, and I've thought of it as one of the next frontiers. Everyone understands the importance of sequencing. There has to be a difference between good and bad sequencing. Who stands out? Who's bringing up the rear? Based on reputation, Molina's an amazing manager of pitchers. I did what I could to try to get at this. I get uncomfortable leaning on reputation alone.
Molina debuted in the majors in 2004, so I decided to perform an analysis using numbers from 2004-2013. The analysis itself is pretty simple. I identified all the pitchers Molina has caught for at least 250 batters. I narrowed that pool down to pitchers who were also caught by other catchers for at least 250 batters. The cutoff is arbitrary, but note that most pitchers came with much bigger samples. Chris Carpenter, for example, faced about 4400 batters with Molina during the window, and about 1100 batters with other catchers. I was left with a pool of 32 pitchers, and then it was just a matter of comparing Molina results to non-Molina results.
Obviously, this is a bit rough. I'm not going to pretend like this is worthy of a scientific journal, and I'm aware of some potential issues. But I'm mostly just interested in approximations, and the way I figure, if there's a strong Molina effect, it should show up here. As I was compiling data, I expected to calculate a big difference, validating my feelings about Molina's work. This, instead, is what I wound up with:
WITH MOLINA
(32 pitchers, averaged)
.267 BA allowed
.329 OBP
.416 SLG
.149 ISO
.298 BABIP
7.2% walks
16% strikeouts
WITH NON-MOLINA
(32 pitchers, averaged)
.267 BA allowed
.334 OBP
.423 SLG
.156 ISO
.297 BABIP
7.7% walks
16% strikeouts
With Molina, the pitchers averaged a .746 OPS against. With non-Molina, the pitchers averaged a .757 OPS against. That's a difference of 11 points, and if you just look at the guys who had samples of at least 500 plate appearances instead of 250, the difference is 15 points. There's a difference that exists, but it's hardly massive at all, and it might be entirely explained by Molina's quality framing. For as good as Molina's reputation is when it comes to guiding a pitcher through a game, these numbers right here suggest he's hardly a wizard. Or, if they are a wizard, then a lot of catchers are wizards.
Of course, certain guys have pitched better with Molina, and certain guys have pitched worse. That's the way it almost has to be in a data set. Adam Wainwright, for example, has been considerably more effective with Molina behind the plate. Carpenter, meanwhile, has been considerably less effective, although much of that seems to be BABIP. What we care about is the overall effect, and I didn't find what I thought I might. While I realize the research isn't flawless, it should be good enough to pick up on a strong signal if it's there.
Catcher ERA seems so perfect. What more could you want? Any catcher ERA needs to be adjusted for a handful of variables, but do that and you've got some interesting data, potentially. It's something that ought to capture arm, it ought to capture blocking, it ought to capture framing and game-calling and everything else. It feels like catcher ERA ought to be something we use, but the research that's been done hasn't found its usefulness. A lot of that might be difficulty related to sample sizes and adjustments.
But maybe game-calling also just isn't that big of a thing. By which I mean, maybe there isn't that much of a spread, once you get to the majors. As in all skills, the majors are selective for elite ability, and calling a game is a big one. There do exist poor sequences, but big-league catchers probably won't call them. It's possible they'll end up with similar approaches, especially given that they tend to work with the pitchers in advance of their games. It's possible catchers don't actually call dramatically different sequences, and then of course, the pitcher still has to execute the pitches. Molina, absolutely, knows what he's doing back there. They have an idea of what to call, based on what's been thrown and based on how the hitter looks. All other catchers also have ideas, and maybe those ideas aren't too different. Maybe pitchers love working with Molina because of everything else he's awesome at. They seldom shake them off, but that doesn't mean they actually pitch differently to Molina than they do to others.
As usual, I encourage the ambitious among you to go after this same problem in greater depth and detail. I know I'm personally fascinated. It could be that this research is also selective for other catchers who are above-average. Maybe Molina isn't being compared to a representative sample. That is just one of many issues.
But there could be real substance to this. It could be that we're not actually all that far off from understanding Yadier Molina's value after all. We've long suspected that they have hidden value in their ability to manage a pitching staff. Maybe that's largely untrue, and as a consequence, maybe we've been giving them too much of a boost. He's great at a whole bunch of things, making them just about the perfect catcher, but we have numbers for those, numbers we can put together. We never had a number for the great unknown. Turns out, maybe that number is small. Maybe that number is just about zero. I'd like to know more before I feel super confident, but boy would that ever make things easier on us. It'd be nice to have less uncertainty for a change.
Autonomous vehicles and self-driving cars are coming. Experts predict that every major auto manufacturer will have a self-driving car on the market by the early 2020s. And this has got many people talking about the business impacts.
Every revolutionary technology brings with it revolutionary change. Businesses and industries that don't adjust quickly could face catastrophic consequences. Consider the jobs lost for truck, taxi, and delivery drivers, the lost revenue to many car-related enterprises like parking companies, insurance companies, and even personal injury lawyers, local municipalities that rely on revenue from traffic violations, and so on.
And it's already begun. There are cars with autonomous capabilities already on the road. I was struck recently by a video that surfaced of a Tesla in Europe that predicted a car crash ahead and alerted the driver, and applied the brakes seconds before the crash actually happened.
Essential to this story is that no one — no human — could have predicted the crash and reacted the way the car did. It is likely that the car prevented the crash from becoming a pileup and a much worse situation.
Car accidents are one of the top causes of accidental and premature deaths in the U.S. and around the world. More than 35,000 people were killed in traffic accidents in the U.S. alone in 2015.
If we could reduce that number by a significant percentage, wouldn't we then be morally obligated to adopt self-driving cars?
My own dad was killed in a car accident when I was a teenager. Another driver going the opposite way veered into ongoing traffic and caused a head-on collision that killed my dad and the other driver. I still remember the expression on my mum's face when they picked up the phone and the impact it had on our family. And I would do anything to spare my family or anyone else that sort of pain and horror.
The number-one cause of fatal car accidents is distracted driving. Most accidents are caused by human error and self-driving cars will stop that. Will there be the occasional fluke accident? Of course. But the potential is there for self-driving cars to greatly reduce the number of traffic accidents that happen.
Of course, this will take time. While experts estimate that, because human error is to blame for 90% of traffic accidents, self-driving cars could reduce accidents by 90%. But other reports suggest that when there are both self-driving and human-driven cars present on the road, new problems could emerge: If passengers feel safer because of self-driving cars, they may reduce seatbelt use, or operate human-driven cars faster and closer together. Pedestrians may become less cautious or responsible. In short, a detailed analysis suggests that when autonomous and human-driven vehicles mix, autonomous vehicles may be no safer than an average driver, and may actually increase crashes in the short term.
Therefore, I would argue that it is our obligation to hand over to smart machines as soon as the technology is safe and tested.
This sort of thing will have to be litigated and regulated because many people will not want to give up their “classic” cars. Many people also fought mandatory seatbelt laws, child-car-seat laws, airbag and backup camera requirements; yet with the benefit of hindsight, we know that these laws and regulations have saved countless lives.
For me, the benefits of giving up control on the road to a safe, tested and proven autonomous vehicle system will be the best thing I can do to ensure the safety of myself and others on the road.
The Sydney Coal Railway (reporting mark SCR) is a Canadian short-line railway operating in the eastern part of Cape Breton County, Nova Scotia.
SCR operates from the international coaling piers on Sydney Harbour in Sydney to the Lingan Generating Station, a coal-fired electrical generating station near New Waterford. The railway's trackage, the piers, and the generating station are owned by Nova Scotia Power, a subsidiary of Emera Inc.
History [ edit ]
The railway line was completed in 1895 by the Dominion Coal Company (DOMCO) between Sydney and Louisbourg. The trackage was organized as the appropriately named Sydney and Louisburg Railway (S&L) in 1910.
The S&L, along with other assets of the corporate successor to DOMCO, Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation (DOSCO), were expropriated by the Cape Breton Development Corporation (DEVCO) on March 30, 1968. DEVCO operated the railway as an unincorporated department of its Coal Division, however it was informally known as the Devco Railway. DEVCO built a coal preparation and coal wash plant and storage facility, along with new locomotive shops at Victoria Junction, a location midway between Sydney and the Lingan Generating Station near New Waterford.
On November 23, 2001, DEVCO closed its last underground coal mine, the Prince colliery, after the company failed to entice any private sector investors to purchase the mine. DEVCO was out of the coal mining business, however for a period of approximately 1 month, it was in the coal importation business, with trains operating from the international coaling piers to the storage facility and on to the Lingan Generating Station.
SCR Coal Train leaving the Lingan Generating Station
The federal government moved swiftly to sell off assets, transferring the mine properties and mineral rights back to the provincial Department of Natural Resources. DEVCO subsequently decommissioned the Victoria Junction coal wash plant and began to immediately prepare remediation of the mine sites.
On December 18, 2001 DEVCO sold all surface assets, including the international shipping piers, railway track, railway rights-of-way, locomotives and rolling stock, and a coal storage facility and locomotive shops at Victoria Junction to 510845 New Brunswick Incorporated, a wholly owned subsidiary of Emera, the holding company which owns Nova Scotia Power and operator of the Lingan Generating Station.
Emera subsequently contracted the operation of its newly acquired DEVCO surface assets to Logistec Corporation. Logistec sub-contracted operation of the railway to the Société des chemins de fer du Québec (Quebec Railway Corporation), a Quebec-based railway holding company and short-line operating company. The new railway was called Sydney Coal Railway, although ownership of the track and other assets remains with Emera's subsidiary, 510845 New Brunswick Inc.
Despite SCR having been created by SCFQ as an operating company in December 2001, the railway itself was actually legally chartered to 510845 N.B. Inc. until January 1, 2003, when the Sydney Coal Railway was formally recognized by the federal government.
On 3 November 2008 Logistec announced that it was purchasing the SCR from Quebec Railway Corporation.[1][2]
Current operations [ edit ]
Current SCR operations consist of running coal imports which arrive at the international coaling piers on Sydney Harbour by bulk carrier from the United States and South America. Coal is unloaded from ships and stored at the pier, and is then loaded onto trains and delivered directly to the Lingan Generating Station. Typical trains consist of a pair of ex-DEVCO GMD GP38-2 locomotives and 21 ex-DEVCO Ortner 5 bay rapid discharge hopper cars.
The shop facility at Victoria Junction is still in use, but the wash plant and storage facilities are no longer used. SCR also maintains an interchange connection with the North American railway network at Sydney where it connects to the Cape Breton and Central Nova Scotia Railway; however, this connection is currently threatened as CBNS has discontinued service on the line from Sydney to St. Peter's Junction (near Port Hawkesbury), and will apply to abandon the line April 1, 2016.
Divine World Botanicals is a Seattle based Responsible Retailer carrying select exotic botanicals and gifts. When it comes to our botanical selection, we ONLY carry products that have been tested and analyzed for alkaloid content and contaminants to make sure that you are purchasing quality products that are clean. We believe very strongly in the botanicals on our list, and expect that you do too. We want you to feel as confident in our products as we do.
Customer service is our signature. We actually started our company because customer service seems to be non-existent in this industry. We view our customers as clients, and want to develop a relationship based on open communication and mutual respect
Please feel free to reach out to us anytime via e-mail or phone:
info (at) divineworldbotanicals.com
(206) 488-7828
If you get voice mail when calling,please leave a message and we will call you back
Fossils of a bizarre, snail eating marsupial which roamed forests fifteen million years ago have been found in a cave in Australia.
Discovered at the Riversleigh World Heritage Fossil Site in north-western Queensland by researchers from the University of New South Wales, the creature, which has been extinct for millions of years, appears to have had huge, hammer like teeth for cracking the shells of snails.
The creature has been named Malleodectes mirabilis by the researchers behind the study published recently in the journal Scientific Reports.
“Malleodectes mirabilis was a bizarre mammal, as strange in its own way as a koala or kangaroo,” said study lead author Professor Mike Archer, from UNSW. “Uniquely among mammals, it appears to have had an insatiable appetite for escargot–snails in the whole shell. Its most striking feature was a huge, extremely powerful, hammer-like premolar that would have been able to crack and then crush the strongest snail shells in the forest.”
Archer and their team have been carrying out excavations at the Riversleigh World Heritage Fossil Site across four decades. Nothing remains of the cave except its limestone floor, which contains fossils of creatures who either fell into or lived in the cave throughout its history. Over the years the cave's walls have worn away, but the fossil deposits there still cover the last 24 million years of Australian history.
Teeth and other partial remains of Malleodectes had been found in the cave previously, but the discovery of a well preserved juvenille's skull in a 15 million year old Middle Miocene cave deposit revealed just how strange the creature was. An acid bath allowed researchers to extract the remains from the limestone casing, and commence analysis involving techniques such as micro-computed tomography.
UNSW Professor Suzanne Hand, a member of the team involved in the research, offered an explanation as to how the young animal may have died. “The juvenile malleodectid could have been clinging to the back of its mother while they were hunting for snails in the rocks around the cave's entrance, and may have fallen in and then been unable to climb back out,” they said in the UNSW press release. At the time of its death the creature was teething, with its adult teeth embedded in its jaw and on the verge of erupting.
The unusual creature, which went extinct millions of years ago, is believed to have been a distant relative of modern Tasmanian Devils. “Although it is very different from the others, it appears to have been related to the dasyures – marsupial carnivores such as Tasmanian Devils and the extinct Tasmanian Tigers that are unique to Australia and New Guinea.” Professor Archer said.
Since they started forty years ago, UNSW's annual expeditions to the Riversleigh site have yielded a host of remarkable, extinct creatures, including leopard like, potentially tree dwelling crocodiles known as drop crocs; and Dromornis, one of the largest birds to have ever existed, which is occasionally referred to as the ‘Duck of Doom'.
Like many of the other strange, wonderful and occasionally terrifying creatures unearthed in Riversleigh's rocks, it's believed Malleodectes mirabilis went extinct as the result of a period of severe climate change that started around fifteen million years ago.
“This climate change-driven transformation in Australia's wildlife over the last 15 million years is a timely reminder of the probable outcome of the next cycle of climate change, one we appear to have triggered ourselves,” remarked Archer.
Image courtesy of Karen Black and Suzanne Hand/UNSW
A man is dead after their motorcycle collided with a car on a Highway 417 off-ramp near Saint Isidore, Ont., southeast of Ottawa, on Thursday morning.
It happened at about 9:40 a.m. at the intersection of County Road 20 and the highway's eastbound off-ramp interchange, according to Ontario Provincial Police.
The man driving the Yamaha motorcycle was pronounced dead at the scene. They have been identified as 38-year-old Sylvain Coulombe from St-Eugene-Guigues, Que.
A 77-year-old woman from Gatineau was driving the car, a Chevrolet Cavalier. OPP did not release any information about their condition .
A section of County Road 20, south of the Highway 417 overpass, and a section of County Road 9, north of the overpass, were closed, as well as the eastbound off-ramp from Highway 417 at Highland Road.
All roads have reopened.
To begin the long march back to sanity:
Family equates to the Solid Base of Organic Society:The Organic Theory of Society explained in basic pictures that a 5 year old should grasp ...Starting with the Family ( not the individual as liberalism falsely does ) we arrive at this TRUE and CORRECT understanding with which to combat liberalism's atomic individual ( the man that came perfectly into being with NO obligations to anyone else AND all their political rights in the English Bill of Rights of 1689 ... ) that, person never existed nor will ever exist! It is in the group that we find our fullest and highest expression as living beings.Of course any number of other steps could be put between the village and national level ... States, counties, cities, but you get the idea since ALL of these are just families, grouped into clans, grouped into villages .... And the entire Political/Social/Economic order based on that flows from this natural organization of human groups.
Far from being a resurgent power, Putin's Russia is falling into many of the same traps that brought down the Soviet Union.
Although Chinese leaders have studied the Soviet Union's collapse obsessively, their Russian counterparts don't appear to have the same interest in modern history. Indeed, even as Vladimir Putin seeks to reestablish Russia as a great power, , Moscow is increasingly falling into the same traps that brought down the Soviet Union.
First among them is a complete neglect of the economic foundations of power. While military power may be the ultimate currency in world politics, the strength of a nation's military is little more than an extension of its economic might (at least over the long-term.) Thus, sea-faring, trading nations like Britain in the 19th and 20th century and the U.S. since the 20th century have enjoyed long reigns as global powers. By contrast, as Paul Kennedy famously argued, military powers that don't keep their fiscal house in order don't remain military powers for very long.
The Soviet Union is a case in point. Although the brutal policies of Joseph Stalin made the USSR into an industrialized country, and the economy grew at fast or respectable rates through the 1960s, the inefficiencies of the system meant that, among other things, the Kremlin went from being the world's largest grain exporter to its largest importer. This required the Soviet Union to acquire hard currency to feed its population, which—owing to the poor quality of the Soviet economy—could only be obtained by exporting natural resources. This was sustainable during the record-high oil prices of the 1970s and early 1980s, but once oil prices began bottoming out in the late 1980s due to greater Saudi production, the Kremlin was forced to borrow heavily from abroad to feed its populace. This proved unsustainable in the long-term.
Not much has changed since the Soviet days in Russia.
Indeed, far from diversifying away from natural resource exports, Russia under Putin has grown more dependent on them (relative to the 1990s). As a December 2012 report from the European Bank of Reconstruction and Development noted gloomily, “Not only are Russian exports highly concentrated in natural resources, this concentration has increased over time: the shares of oil, gas and other minerals in Russia's exports are higher today than they were 15 years ago.”
The report went on to point out:
“In 2012 Russia remains highly dependent on its natural resources. Oil and gas now account for nearly 70 percent of total goods exports…. Oil and gas revenues also contribute around half of the federal budget. The non-oil fiscal deficit has averaged more than 11 per cent of GDP since 2009, while the oil price consistent with a balanced budget is now in the region of US$115 per barrel and rising.”
Thus, Russian power since the Cold War has corresponded directly with the price of oil. When energy prices were low in the 1990s, Moscow's economy was in a state of shambles and the West trampled all over Moscow. Since energy prices began rising last decade Russia has seen its power and presence on the world stage increase as well.
The crux of the issue for Putin and Russian leaders, however, is that energy prices won't remain high forever. Indeed, there is good reason to believe they will drop in the years of ahead.
To begin with, many of the leading energy consumers are investing in greater energy efficiency, which will eventually reduce the growth in demand. Supply will also expand considerably as more North American unconventional sources come to market and Iraq's full potential is tapped. Other events could potentially cause a further drop in energy prices; for example, a resolution of the Iranian nuclear crisis.
Russia is dutifully unprepared for this eventuality. As the EBRD report cited above noted, the business environment and level of competition in Russia have not improved despite token top-down efforts to do so. As a result, far from attracting foreign direct investment as other BRIC countries have, capital flight out of the country totaled more than US$80 billion in 2011. The report further observes that although Russian leaders have touted the importance of high-technology sectors in the information age, they have failed to invest in the education and training necessary to bring about innovations.
Another well-known deficiency of the Soviet model was its excessively high defense spending, which some estimate at times consumed as much as 40 percent of the Soviet budget and 15-20 percent of its GDP. This excessive defense spending was driven, at least in part, by the Kremlin's overly-militarized identity as a great power.
Since reassuming office, Putin has seemed determined to replicate this failure. Before Putin even returned, Moscow increased its military spending by 16 percent in 2012, even as other countries cut back. The US$90 billion it spent on defense in 2012 was more than it invested in education. Meanwhile, Putin has pledged to spend an additional US$755 billion over the next decade on modernizing the Russian armed forces. Even before this announcement, however, Russian military spending was expected to increase from about 2.3 trillion rubles (US$78.8 billion) in 2011 to just under 4 trillion rubles (appx.US$125 billion) in 2015.
Demographics are one key area where the Soviet Union and Russia differ. Whereas the Soviet Union was burdened by a growing population (particularly increasingly urban one), Russia has been beset by population decline since 1992. In its Global Trends 2030 report released in December of last year, the U.S. National Intelligence Council forecasted that Russia's population would decline by 10 million people by 2030, more than any other country during that time span. The UN similarly expects that by 2050, Russia's population will have dropped 30 million people below 2000 levels. Although vowing to reverse current trends—which there are some signs is occurring to a point—Putin themselves warned last year that Russia's population could drop to just 107 million by 2050, from about 143 million at the time of the speech.
In all these ways, then, Russia hardly appears to be resurging.
Cable Sports TV Ratings for Sunday September 13, 2015:
This is sorted from most-watched to least-watched. Using your browser's search tool (usually CTRL/CMD+F) might be the faster way to go if you're looking for something specific.
Note to readers using mobile phones: on most phones the tables are easier to read/scroll through if you tilt your phone to landscape orientation.
–
Note: viewership of around 100,000 or lower is technically what Nielsen refers to as a “scratch” i.e., not enough Nielsen panelists watched for Nielsen to validate it. There are around 20,000 homes in the Nielsen panel and a bit over 50,000 panelists, where 1 Nielsen panelist watching a whole telecast represents around 5,800 people. So something averaging a million viewers averaged around 170 people out of the 50K+ panel — small, but still statistically significant. But when there's a show with 30,000 viewers, that's only around 5 or 6 Nielsen panelists…
The debate over the future of welfare has intensified over the past year or so, with Labour being placed under increasing pressure to declare its vision, and the right of the party and especially the “Blue Labour” faction advocating a downsizing of the welfare state which would be tantamount to a new consensus, abandoning the settlement established by the Attlee government following the Second World War which established uniformity and more importantly equality of treatment when it comes to welfare.
In it's simplest form, welfare exists to improve the lives of the most vulnerable in society. It combats the inherent weaknesses of capitalism by preventing members of our society from slipping into regressive cycles of poverty where generations would otherwise be presented with a very limited scope of opportunities and the inability to escape poverty. More than this though, it builds a sense of societal solidarity where we, as a group, recognise that life does not always go to plan and that we all need support at times in our lives due to no fault of our own. In these situations, people deserve to be treated with respect and helped to return to some sense of normality in order to get back on their feet. Significantly, this support does not exist for society to give itself a pat on the back, but due to the fact that at a fundamental level all humans are equal with a common set of rights which should not be subject to upbringing, life choices or wealth.
The basic goal of Labour is not to have a big state or to centralise government. Instead, it is simply to build a society in which every person has equal opportunities and a pleasant quality of life. For this reason, some in Labour have mooted the concept of contributory welfare. The idea is a rather adventurous reimagination of welfare which would see people ‘pay' into the system. The more someone ‘pays' in, the more they get out in times of need. Professor Heinz Wolff recently aired a similar idea for elderly care on Daily Politics. In both cases, ‘paying' into the system does not refer to money, but rather to volunteer work helping your local community or elderly relatives. At the core of this concept is the desire to nurture a much more philanthropic, caring, and communally active and aware society.
However, while it is perfectly noble and valid to pursue such a vision for a caring society, doing so through welfare reforms would be both unfair and heavy-handed. Contributory welfare betrays the very essence of welfare which is to offset inequalities and to treat everyone at the same equitable level. In many ways, it's an oxymoron as welfare based on contributions would essentially introduce inequalities into a system which is supposed to dampen inequalities through a sense of solidarity and equality of treatment. However much we would like to expand the philanthropic sector and build a more volunteer and community centric society, we cannot do so through treating some people better than others in their time of need.
Additionally, it is unclear how you would gauge the level of contribution to society, whether disabilities would be factored into the equation, as well as the time consumed by people who have jobs and thus have no time to volunteer, or the skills required to care for people with complex illnesses. These issues would make it likely that the realities of contributory welfare would spawn a greater bureaucracy than is currently the case. On top of this, large sections of the population would need to be exempted from the contributory system due to the fact that their lives simply permit them precious few opportunities to contribute as much as others.
Expanding the philanthropic sector is a key responsibility for any future government, but doing so by introducing overt inequalities into the welfare system would be a poor course of action and would ultimately prove to be a regressive, rather than progressive, measure, harming those in need while at the same time failing to achieve a real philanthropic society. Government-led schemes to organise, provide a framework for, and to encourage a more philanthropic society are needed, but they must be optional with those taking part doing so in an altruistic manner to help others rather than themselves. Any reform to welfare must not sacrifice equality or be heavy-handed.
Advertisements
Political opponents of the Labour party have been reacting to a newspaper advert this morning claiming that the opposition parties have "no direction" and urging people to vote Labour for a fairer government, writes Conor McMorrow of our Political Staff.
This morning's Labour party newspapers adverts showed pictures of AAA/PBP candidate Paul Murphy, Renua leader Lucinda Creighton, Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams, Fianna Fáil leader Mícheál Martin, and Independent Alliance candidate Shane Ross mocked up as members of a band called ‘No Direction'
Dublin South West candidate for the Anti-Austerity Alliance, Paul Murphy was asked this afternoon if they were “happy at being made a member of One Direction“ in the Labour party advert this morning.
Mr Murphy said: “Someone told me on Facebook I was Harry. I don't know who Harry is.”
They joked, “Apparently he's the good looking one, which is good.”
They then added: “I think that Labour would have been better off and would have got the same message out if they had created a poster of Joan Burton and Enda Kenny as part of Status Quo.
“That's what they are saying - 'there is one direction, there is the status quo. Keep with us'.
Hey @labour, I corrected that ad for you, seeing as you are so proud about the 'one direction' that has failed us. pic.twitter.com/Tf4aag5wt3 — Paul Murphy (@paulmurphyAAA) February 18, 2016
"And if we keep with them, we will have more broken promises from the Labour party and we will have more austerity.
"A recovery will be created for the corporations, for the rich, for the bondholders and there will be no recovery for the majority.”
The Labour Party so out of touch they don't even know there are only four members of One Direction #GE16 pic.twitter.com/tasSU9V7B6 — Lucinda Creighton (@LCreighton) February 18, 2016
Renua party leader Lucinda Creighton tweeted earlier this morning: “The Labour party so out of touch they don't even know there are only four members of One Direction.”
The Labour party's official Twitter account was not long in firing back at the former Fine Gael TD.
Sure @LCreighton it's obvious you're Zayn & given your history, you'd be the first to leave! #GE16 — The Labour Party (@labour) February 18, 2016
Fellow Dublin Bay South candidate, Labour's Kevin Humphreys, replied later, “There will always be five members in One Direction in my book.”
Download the UCLA Public Infractions Decision
An associate head football coach at the University of California, Los Angeles, violated NCAA ethical conduct rules when they paid for two prospects to receive private training, according to a decision issued by a Division I Committee on Infractions panel.
The panel accepted the university's self-imposed penalties and added a $5,000 fine and a two- year show-cause order for the coach. UCLA must submit a plan for compliance to the Committee on Infractions on how it will educate and monitor the athletically-related activities of the coach during the period of the show-cause order.
This case was resolved through the summary disposition process, a cooperative effort during which the involved parties collectively submit the case to the Committee on Infractions in written form. The NCAA enforcement staff, university and involved individuals must agree to the facts and overall level of the case in order to use this process instead of a formal hearing.
The coach admitted to paying $2,400 for housing and private training sessions on behalf of the two prospects, but they were not aware that it violated NCAA rules. While the school and coach stated that they received ample rules education, the panel noted that the coach incorrectly believed it was permissible to pay for the training because they believed the two prospects signed National Letters of Intent. The coach violated NCAA ethical conduct rules because they should have known that their arrangement would not be allowed.
Additionally, the football program provided one of the prospects with a second official visit even though NCAA rules allow only one official paid visit to a campus.
Penalties prescribed by the panel include the following:
Public reprimand and censure for the university.
A two-year show-cause order for the coach from Sept. 16, 2016, through Sept. 15, 2018. If they seek employment at an NCAA member school during that time, they and the school must appear before the Committee on Infractions. They also must attend an NCAA Regional Rules Seminar each year of the show-cause period.
A $5,000 fine.
The university self-imposed the following penalties:
A reduction of one full-time football coach for the spring recruiting period, from April 15 to May 30, 2015.
A reduction in the number of spring football evaluation days from 168 to 150 for the spring 2015 recruiting period.
A reduction in the number of official visits from the university's four-year average by two for the 2015-16 academic year.
A reduction of one full-time football coach for the spring practice period, from March 31 to April 25, 2015.
A reduction of one full-time coach for the first two games of the 2015-16 football season.
Members of the Committee on Infractions are drawn from NCAA membership and members of the public. The members of the panel who reviewed this case are Alberto Gonzales, dean of the law school at Belmont University and former attorney general of the United States; Thomas Hill, senior vice president for student affairs at Iowa State University; Gary L. Miller, chancellor at University of Wisconsin-Green Bay; Joseph Novak, former head football coach at Northern Illinois University; Gregory Sankey, chair of the Committee on Infractions and commissioner for the Southeastern Conference; and Sankar Suryanarayan, chief hearing officer and university counsel, Princeton University.
The Orioles are in danger of losing two of their regular outfielders, Nick Markakis and Nelson Cruz, to free agency. With that in mind, the team has reached out the Dodgers about a possible trade for Matt Kemp.
Per sources, #Orioles also have talked to #Dodgers about Kemp. O's lining up alternatives if they can't re-sign Markakis, Cruz and also… — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) November 30, 2014
…could be trying to create leverage to pressure both into staying. Return of Markakis once appeared a foregone conclusion. No more. — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) November 30, 2014
Kemp, 30, was one of baseball's best players in 2011 but has struggled with injuries and inconsistency since then. Healthy in the second half of 2014, they put up excellent numbers after the All-Star break: .309/.365/.606 with 17 home runs. The Dodgers have an abundance of outfielders, so Kemp's name has come up in trade rumors many times over the last few years.
The veteran is under contract through 2019. They will be paid $21 million in 2015 and $21.5 million each season from 2016 through 2019.
Toronto isn't the town from Footloose yet, but it's getting close.
City councillors are looking at potentially cracking down on nightclubs that operate without a nightclub licence, which includes most, if not all, LGBT clubs in Toronto.
Nightclub licences are rarely given to venues outside of the Entertainment District, meaning that clubs in Church-Wellesley Village, West Queen West, Little Italy and Bloor St West could be fined or shut down on a moment's notice.
In March 2017, the licensing and standards committee asked the head of Toronto's licensing department to report on the issue in April.
“There are operators that are circumventing the licensing process by applying for a restaurant licence and then at night taking away the restaurant chairs and operating illegally as a night club,” says Councillor Jim Karygiannis by email. Karygiannis, who presented the motion, is also the co-chair of the city's municipal licensing and standards committee. “There are examples when looking at these establishments websites and they are packing people into small spaces and that could be dangerous.”
Currently, there are only 40 venues in Toronto that have a nightclub licence, the vast majority of which are in the Entertainment District. None of these venues regularly host LGBT events.
“If a venue is outside the area where they cannot apply for these licences then they should not be carrying on an inappropriate venue,” Karygiannis says. “On the other hand, we should look at expanding these venues outside the entertainment district in order to look after all the communities which want to have entertainment facilities.”
Karygiannis urged anyone with concerns to get in touch with the licensing and standards committee.
Noel Gerry, a lawyer who represents bars and clubs in Toronto, says that city bylaws make it almost impossible for nightclubs to follow the rules.
“The issue is you actually have to have zoning for a nightclub, and that's virtually non-existent,” they say. “It's pretty much restricted to the Entertainment District.”
The only option that nightclub owners have is to try to change the zoning bylaw in their neighbourhoods.
“And that's an extremely difficult thing to do,” they say. “It's time consuming and expensive, and usually the local city councillor would oppose it.”
Venues operating without a nightclub licence can be fined thousands of dollars or even be taken to court and shut down for up to two years.
Kelly Kyle, the chair of the Church-Wellesley Village Business Improvement Area, says that they hope the city is willing to work with businesses instead of fining them or shutting them down.
“I would hope that they would have some compassion and work with the establishments that are here that may fall under that umbrella,” they say.
Kyle believes that having nightlife outside of the Entertainment District is essential for LGBT Torontonians.
“I do think that it plays a vital role for the community to have a safe place,” they say.
In the past decade, archeological discoveries in the Americas have forced scientists to reassess when ancient humans first crossed the ice-free Bering Land Bridge into North America.
New research on the Chan Hol II skeleton — discovered in February 2012 in an underwater cave and plundered a few weeks after photos of it were made public — shows that the 80-percent-complete skeleton was 13,000 years old.
The first humans probably arrived in North America during the late Pleistocene era, and the oldest evidence of their presence can be found in sunny, tropical Mexico, which then was an arid landscape.
“It looks as if the oldest osteological remains of humans in the Americas are all reported from the Tulum system of submerged caves,” Wolfgang Stinnesbeck, Ph.D., a University of Heidelberg geoscientist and lead author of the PLOS ONE paper published Wednesday, tells Inverse.
The Chan Hol II archaeological site prior to looting. The arrow points to the CH-7 stalagmite analyzed by researchers. The skull was stolen a few weeks after it was discovered in 2012, though.
Stinnesbeck and their team drew this conclusion from that prehistoric pelvis, discovered near the Chan Hol cave around Tulum, Mexico. This cave is part of a vast system of underwater carbonate bedrock caves that are alternately filled with salt and fresh water, and human remains have been found there before. The pelvis probably belonged to a young man who lived approximately 13,000 years ago, says Stinnesbeck, making it one of the oldest examples of a human found in the Americas.
“When my Mexican colleagues Arturo González and Jerónimo Avilés showed me the first photos of the Chan Hol site, I immediately knew that we had something special,” says Stinnesbeck, who explains that the special interaction between the specimens and their environment is what made dating possible. The pelvic bone they found covered with stalagmite, they say, offered a “perfect opportunity” to determine, with certainty, the age of the Tulum residents. The stalagmite is also what kept that part of the skeleton out the hands of thieves, as it was rooted to the seafloor.
“This was really exciting!” they say.
The arrow points to the ancient pelvis.
Bones of this age are hard to date because they no longer contain collagen, which is crucial to the dating process. But because of the unique environment in which the pelvic bone was found, Stinnesbeck's team was able to date it by measuring the uranium, carbon, and oxygen isotopes in the bone itself and in the stalagmite that had grown through it. The oxygen and carbon isotope ratios in their calcite layers store important climate and precipitation data, which in turn sheds light on their age.
The pelvis bone represents the third human specimen that had been found in this system of caves, which together are some of the oldest remains found in the Americas. Which of the three is the oldest can't be unequivocally answered, says Stinnesbeck, because their skeletons contain such small amounts of collagen. Even the bioapatite (a form of calcium) in the skeletons, which can sometimes be used for carbon dating, seems to be contaminated.
“Our minimum age for the Chan Hol skeleton is thus more reliable than those of the other [two skeletons discovered], but it also underlies the importance of all skeletons from the Tulum as really old,” says Stinnesbeck.
A closer look at the young Tulum man's pelvic bone.
The advanced age of this particular pelvis won't settle the debate about when humans arrived in the Americas, says Stinnesbeck, but it does support the idea that humans came to the continent at least 5,000 years before the Clovis, who have historically been considered the “first Americans.” They lived in what is now present-day United States, Mexico, and Central America.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Stinnesbeck's work is in line with recent archeological discoveries in places like the Paisley Caves in Oregon and Monte Verde, Chile, where humans older than the Clovis have also been found.
An artist's rendering of what life might have been like during the Pleistocene era.
Together, the specimens in these places firmly place human migration to the Americas in the Pleistocene era, a time scientists understand as a period of massive evolutionary and migratory expansion for humans.
“Our dates support this new interpretation,” says Stinnesbeck, “which was a no-go until a few years ago.”
If you're interested in more of Inverse's science coverage, check out this video on metallic hydrogen.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The green tree python was among the five species of snake found to over-exert when gripping trunks
When a snake climbs a tree, it squeezes the trunk up to five times harder than necessary, according to a new study.
For the first time, biologists have measured the force exerted by climbing snakes, using pressure sensors on a vertical pipe, wrapped in tennis grip.
All 10 of the snakes in the study held onto the pipe much tighter than was necessary to support their own weight.
The research suggests that the animals place safety ahead of efficiency, making a fall as unlikely as possible.
Imagine you want to jump across a stream - by how far do you clear it? Do you make it close, or go as far as you can? Dr Greg Byrnes, Assistant Professor, Siena College, NY
"What's interesting about this, is it's a choice by the animal to do more than they necessarily need to do," said Dr Greg Byrnes, who did the experiments at the University of Cincinnati and now teaches at Siena College in New York State.
Published in the journal Biology Letters, Dr Byrnes' study is the first indication that snakes employ a big "safety factor" when climbing.
Pressure ripples
"We weren't sure if it would be that way. In other fields of biology, you see large safety factors," Dr Byrnes told the BBC. Structural elements like bones, they explained, are often stronger than they need to be to withstand everyday loads.
"But this was the first time anyone's really tested something where the animal's choosingto give itself a safety factor."
Image copyright Bruce Jayne Image caption Boa constrictors, which spend less of their time up trees, clung on the tightest of all the species studied
To make the measurements, Dr Byrnes and their colleague Prof Bruce Jayne got five different snake species to climb a specially built pipe, equipped with pressure sensors and wrapped in many metres of tennis racquet tape, to make it easier - but not too easy - for the snakes to wind their way up.
"This is a pretty big challenge for them," Dr Byrnes said. "But if you give them bumps and things, then they can support their body weight on surfaces that aren't vertical. This is a way to make sure that they have to grip it."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A live read-out of the force being applied by a snake as it climbs a pipe in the lab
The snakes, which included three boa constrictors and a green tree python, all used a climbing technique called "concertina locomotion". Ripples of squeezing muscles, holding the snake onto the column, travel along its length while the spaces in between inch forward.
As they climbed, the sensors recorded how much pressure was applied, all along the pipe.
Cautious strategy
Because climbing is hard work, and snakes have excellent control over how tightly they squeeze - constrictors, famously, can release their grip on a meal when they feel its heartbeat stop - the researchers expected them to use an economical grip, just strong enough to keep them moving.
Image copyright FLETCHER & BAYLIS / SPL Image caption A reticulated python - clinging on for dear life?
The fact that every snake allowed a big safety factor, squeezing from two to five times harder than needed, was a surprise.
It suggests a strategy similar to that seen when people are given heavy or difficult objects to hold, where research shows that we tend to use forces two to four times stronger than necessary.
The urge is understandable, Dr Byrnes said. "Imagine you want to jump across a stream - by how far do you clear it? Do you make it close, or go as far as you can?
"Or if you gripped your pint glass, right at the top with two fingers, how much harder are you squeezing on it than you really need?"
Having some redundancy also means if the situation changes, the snake won't slip. At certain times during their climb, several of the snakes were able to support their entire weight with just one loop around the pipe.
Some were also reluctant to set off in the first place.
"We put a dark cylinder at the top, so they can climb to safety," Dr Byrnes explained.
"Some of the snakes are very good, they see it and they go straight for it - some of the others would rather try and bite you than actually try and get up."
Follow Jonathan on Twitter
This has been the best gift exchange so far for me!
Almost as soon as I had been matched, I received a mail from my Santa, asking if there was anything specific that I would like. I proceeded to rattle off a number of ideas thinking I may get one of them! I was more surprised when they said that they wanted to courier the package to me to make sure that I received it?! Due to the fact that I'm in South Africa, and my Santa is in the US, this was a huge bonus (and I knew would be a huge cost for my Santa), as our postal office can take quite some time to get things to you and sending delicious goodies in the mail means that there would be no certainty that they would ever get to me if any sticky fingers in our postal service saw just what was passing through their hands!
Well all worries were removed. My Santa confirmed that my treats would arrive via courier and I received them about a week after they were shipped. What an awesome Santa!
I received the following: Sour Patch Kids (I'm salivating just thinking about these!) Marshmallow Peeps (my sister has booked one of these already!?) Red Velvet Oreos (OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG) Beef Jerky Taco Seasons (YES! Taco Night) Jolly Rancher Chews Peanut Butter M&M's (if my father finds out about these I will be in trouble!) Peanut M&M's (and these!) Junior Mints Hot Tamales Jolly Ranchers (my mother has attempted to claim this entire packet as their own!?)
Wow wow wow! That's like 2kg's of American Goodies! My Santa even included a hand written note explaining everything that I had been gifted, which was a very nice touch!
I just want to say a special thank you again to my Santa. I know you spent a lot on shipping for me and you really embraced the spirit of the exchange and motivated me to try and go further with my exchanges in the future. Now that I know who you are and snooped a bit at the investigation you did to try to find things that I would like I'm even more amazed. Thank you again and again and again!
Getty Images
Miami was filled with celebrities who were winding down Art Basel celebrations over the weekend, but it sounds like things turned sour at club LIV on Sunday night, when Diddy and Drake crossed paths, at a birthday party for DJ Khaled.
MTV News was able to confirm the fight with a source who witnessed the incident, while Rick Ross' DJ, Sam Sneaker, gave a detailed account on their Twitter.
Rumors have swirled that the dispute was over Puff's longtime girlfriend Cassie, but we're being told that is untrue. There are also reports that Drake was hospitalized after the scuffle, but MTV News wasn't able to confirm.
Details are still light, but you can check out Sam Sneaker's tweets below.
Things weren't always so tense between the two. In 2013, Diddy and Ma$e reunited at Drake's OVO Fest in Toronto, and backstage Drizzy told MTV News that they were just "two kings" doing what they do best. Hear Drake praise Diddy in the video below around the one-minute mark.
Another week, another gender war -- this time, with the Federal Reserve as the battlefield.
At the center is economist Janet Yellen, vice chairperson of the Fed's Board of Governors and a top pick to take over its leadership. Yellen would be the first woman to head the powerful institution that sets U.S. monetary policy. Some claim there is a devious campaign to discredit them because she's a woman; others, that their backers are playing the gender card to boost their chances. Compounding the controversy, Yellen's rival for the position, former Treasury Secretary and Harvard president Lawrence Summers, is not just a man but a man who has been accused of sexism.
Perhaps the real sexism here was injecting gender into the debate in the first place, rather than focusing on merits and issues.
Is Yellen a target of anti-woman bias? There have been reports of behind-the-scenes suggestions from the pro-Summers camp that they lack the "gravitas" or toughness for the job. Code words for "She's a girl"? New York Times columnist Paul Krugman thinks so, as does Washington Post blogger Ezra Klein -- though, ironically, Klein mentions that similar seriousness concerns were once raised about soon-to-retire Fed chief Ben Bernanke, whose leadership style resembles Yellen's.
Perhaps such criticisms are worse when directed at a woman, since they tap into stereotypes (or perhaps they just seem worse, for the same reason). Yet comments from pro-Yellen financial-sector leaders also traffic in stereotypes -- female-positive ones. Yellen is praised as "warm" and personable, a "team player," a "consensus-builder." Summers is described as abrasive, arrogant -- "always the smartest guy in the room, and he'll let you know it" -- and lacking "people skills." Had these statements been about a female candidate, they'd no doubt be decried as sexist attacks on a woman who doesn't hide their brains.
Also cited as proof of rampant sexism are a couple of editorials responding to reports of pressure to give Yellen the post partly due to their gender and even to make this a test of the Obama administration's inclusiveness. A New York Sun commentary, perhaps infelicitously titled "The Female Dollar," argued that gender is no basis for fiscal policy and that Bernanke's tenure, which the editors see as disastrous, would have been no better had they been female. The Wall Street Journal mocked the pro-Yellen "liberal diversity police" but was equally tough on Summers' "patrons" in business circles and criticized both contenders as inadequate on policy issues.
Is this really "raw misogyny" (according to Krugman), or "masculine gender panic" at the idea of a woman at our fiscal helm (according to New York magazine's Jonathan Chait)? Maybe I need to brush up on psychoanalysis.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Meanwhile, in a different kind of gender panic, some Yellen supporters are dredging up a 2005 speech, made at a private gathering, in which then-Harvard president Summers suggested that women's underrepresentation in science might be due not only to sexism but, partly, to innate sex differences. This heresy, misrepresented as "women can't do science," cost them their Harvard post. In a recent statement, the National Organization for Women cited their "obnoxious views" and asserted that they "can't be trusted" to understand women's economic issues. Yet even many Summers critics concede that they have an excellent record of supporting women's careers; their protégés include Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's chief operating officer and author of "Lean In."
Whichever candidate gets the job, those who dislike the choice will no doubt see it as gender pandering -- either to an old boys' network or to feminist pressure groups. Like most gender wars, this one is likely to have no winners, only losers.
Cathy Young is a regular contributor to Reason magazine and the website RealClearPolitics.
Adelaide's air traffic control could be 'cut' and moved to Melbourne in centralisation decision
Updated
Adelaide's air traffic could be supervised by controllers in Melbourne from 2017 as part of a Federal Government decision to centralise services across the nation.
State Transport Minister Stephen Mullighan said air traffic controller jobs from Adelaide, Parafield and Edinburgh airports could be shifted to Tullamarine Airport.
"Our understanding is that this is part of a move to centralise operations across Australia and cut costs," they said.
"We think that when it comes to aviation safety we shouldn't be cutting costs, not in Adelaide nor anywhere else around Australia."
The ABC first learnt of plans to centralise terminal control units in June last year, which drew worried responses from controllers about the benefits of local knowledge.
One Cessna pilot revealed how an air traffic controller unfamiliar with Canberra terrain in 2010 contributed to a crash during an emergency near Lake George in New South Wales.
The centralisation is being driven by "corporate Commonwealth entity" Airservices Australia, which manages traffic control in Australia and answers to the Federal Minister of Infrastructure and Regional Development.
It believes centralisation is necessary because of an increase in air traffic.
Mr Mullighan said the changes would result in a lack of local knowledge and have safety implications.
They said firefighting aircraft over Adelaide's metropolitan area during January's Sampson Flat bushfires provided an example of how complex air traffic control could be.
"We need people here on the ground making sure that our skies are safe," Mr Mullighan said.
They said the State Government was yet to receive formal notification of the decision and had written to the Deputy Prime Minister for clarification.
"We've got the [nation's] the fastest growing airport at Adelaide Airport and we also have important facilities at Parafield and Edinburgh," Mr Mullighan said.
"Losing these controllers raises important safety concerns which we need answers to."
Adelaide tower will keep important role, Airservices says
Airservices Australia official Rob Walker said Adelaide Airport staff would be given the option of relocating to Melbourne or retraining for a different air traffic control position.
They said air traffic within 10 nautical miles of Adelaide would still be controlled locally from a control tower.
"All aircraft landing and taking off from Adelaide Airport will continue to be controlled from the air traffic controller by local air traffic controllers in Adelaide who have the local knowledge," Mr Walker said.
"The aircraft will continue to be safely managed. Safety is our number one priority."
Mr Walker explained the planned changes would affect the inbound and outbound flight zone between 18-100 kilometres from Adelaide, which was monitored by radar.
Further than that from Adelaide, the "en route" zone already was monitored by controllers in Melbourne or Brisbane via radar, they said.
The air traffic controllers' union, Civil Air Australia, said the changes might not be unsafe but it questioned if they were the best communications option.
Its president, Daryl Hickey, said they worked as a controller and understood the daily realities.
They said aircraft that used Adelaide Airport were outside the control of tower staff much closer than the 18km boundary cited by Mr Walker.
"The local knowledge of terrain and weather knowledge is crucial to be able to do that well," they said.
"The communication between the tower and [18-100km radar zone controllers] needs to be quite good, in fact moving the [control] away decreases that local knowledge and decreases that interaction, and I think that leads to a lesser service being offered."
Topics: community-and-society, adelaide-5000, sa
First posted
A man has stolen Rs 50,000 from the donation box of a mosque in Pakistan and left a letter, saying it is between them and the god and no one should poke their nose in the matter.
The incident occurred on Friday in Jamia Masjid Sadiqul Madina in Khanewal district in southern Punjab.
The Express Tribune reported the thief took away the two money boxes where worshippers donate funds and a pair of batteries used as backup for power during power outage.
They explained that reasons for stealing the items which according to mosque prayer leader, Qari Saeed, were worth Rs 50,000.
“This matter is between me and the almighty god. Please, nobody should try to find me. I am a very needy person and thus stealing from Allah's home,” the thief's letter read.
They further wrote that they had come to the mosque once and asked the prayer leader for help but they had refused and thrown them out.
“When people refused to help me, I was forced to steal from the mosque,” they wrote. “I have not stolen anything from anyone's house. I am just taking a few things from Allah's house so this is a matter between me and him. No one should poke their nose in our matter”.
The report said the local people expressed sympathy for the thief and asked Saeed to forgive him.
Abbas, a resident, said they along with other worshippers had agreed to buy new UPS batteries for the mosque.
However, Saeed insisted that the thief must be caught and punished. But when questioned whether anyone had come seeking help in the past few days, they declined to comment.
A similar incident occurred in Ramazan last year in Jahanian. A thief had stolen taps from Hasnain Kareemain mosque and left a letter to the mosque committee saying they stole because they were very poor and would pay the mosque when they had enough money.
First Published: Jun 24, 2017 19:27 IST
The Ironman Pack Ammunition System is still being tested, but it already won the Soldier's Greatest Invention award in 2011.
When U.S. soldiers wanted a way to handle heavy machine guns and ammunition alone in the heat of battle, they found inspiration in the mini-gun backpacks of the 1987 film "Predator" and built do-it-yourself ammo carriers. Their battlefield invention has since undergone official Army development and testing among several units deployed in Afghanistan.
The "Ironman" pack allows a single machine gunner to carry and fire up to 500 rounds of ammunition in combat without pausing to reload. The Army originally meant for crews of two or three soldiers to fire and reload the M240 machine gun, but some Army machine gunners in Afghanistan have ended up struggling to do everything alone and reloading every 50 or 100 rounds — raising the risk of the weapon jamming and cutting back on the rate of support fire for fellow soldiers.
"As a single gunner, that's lead on target for 500 continuous rounds of ammunition fired in bursts," said Sam Newland, Quick Reaction coordinator for the U.S. Army's Natick Soldier Research Development and Engineering Center. "It just made it more efficient for an individual gunner to execute their mission in that way."
The Ironman ammo-carriage system resulted from the innovative thinking of Iowa National Guardsmen serving in Afghanistan. Credit: U.S. Army
The idea first came from an Iowa National Guard unit that was discussing the machine gunners' troubles in the aftermath of a two and a half hour firefight in 2011. One soldier, Staff Sgt. Vincent Winkowski, decided to put together the do-it-yourself pack after another soldier mentioned the mini-gun ammunition carrier worn by actor Jesse Ventura in "Predator," according to Soldiers magazine. The device even got its first trial-by-fire in an ambush on Feb. 26, 2011.
"It started out as a DIY project, because soldiers on the battlefield needed a capability based on changes in the way they operated," Newland told InnovationNewsDaily. "As a result of that, they built it themselves with legacy equipment."
The soldiers cobbled together their backpack based on an ALICE carrying frame, two old ammunition cans, and an ammunition feed chute taken from a CROWS vehicle turret. Cords, glue and duct tape held everything together.
Once Newland and Natick's Quick Reaction Cell heard about the battlefield invention, they worked with other military agencies to make the device into something that could become official Army gear. They exchanged the original tin metal carrier for lighter polycarbonate plastic that costs less to produce, and conducted two live-fire tests before sending out 21 of the carriers for battlefield testing in Afghanistan.
The Army has yet to say when the devices could get official approval. But news has spread fast among the troops — soldiers voted it one of the Army's best inventions of 2011.
"Every time someone sees it, they want to get their hands on one," said John Harlow, information officer for Natick.
This story was provided by InnovationNewsDaily, a sister site to Live Science. You can follow InnovationNewsDaily Senior Writer Jeremy Hsu on Twitter @ScienceHsu. Follow InnovationNewsDaily on Twitter @News_Innovation, or on Facebook.
The increasing computerization of cars allows them to capture and transmit data that can help improve highway and driver safety, federal officials said.
But the technology also raises privacy concerns about the ownership and unintended uses of that data, experts said.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is seeking a law that would require automakers to install “black boxes” in every new car and light truck sold starting September 2014. But unbeknownst to their owners, many vehicles already carry event data recorders, or EDRs. The NHTSA estimates that about 96 percent of all 2013 vehicles have the devices.
The recorders, typically triggered by a crash or airbag deployment, can produce data generated shortly before and during a crash, including vehicle speed, whether the brake was used and whether the driver's seat belt was buckled. The device records data from a variety of vehicle sensors and typically is attached to the floor.
“EDRs provide critical safety information that might not otherwise be available to the NHTSA to evaluate what happened during a crash — and what future steps could be taken to save lives and prevent injuries,” said David Strickland, the agency's administrator, in a statement.
But privacy advocates say the technology is a new source of data collection on consumers.
For example, some auto insurance companies are offering on-board devices that monitor mileage data and other driver behavior, often in exchange for discounted insurance rates.
“It is going to be harder and harder for people to ever get off the grid. There are so many ways now that you can be monitored,” said Thaddeus Hoffmeister, a University of Dayton associate professor of law.
The Electronic Privacy Information Center, a Washington D.C.-based public interest research group, has urged the NHTSA to adopt comprehensive privacy safeguards for vehicle owners and operators, including driver ownership of data, limitations on disclosure and better security for the data collected.
Thirteen states have passed laws that limit use of the recorders. Ohio is not among them.
The Dayton Daily News obtained a copy of the proposed law, which would require the recorders as mandatory equipment in vehicles that weigh less than 8,500 pounds. The proposal also includes standardized data collection requirements and mandates that automakers provide a commercially available tool for copying the data.
The law would make it possible to seek civil penalties for failure to provide an event data recorder or one that performs properly.
The cost per recorder is estimated to be $20 per vehicle, because the devices capture data that is already being processed by the vehicle. The estimated total costs associated with the proposal would be $26.4 million for technical improvements and other costs related to the 1.32 million vehicles that don't currently have recorders.
The NHTSA said it would treat recorder data as the property of the vehicle owner and that it would not be used or accessed by the agency without owner consent.
The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers said it does not object to the concept of requiring all light vehicles to be equipped with EDRs, but it “strongly opposes” a law to impose such a mandate. Most alliance members have voluntarily installed the recorders in their vehicles for many years, officials said.
Some automakers, including General Motors, have been installing car “black boxes” since the 1990s to help measure and improve the performance of vehicle safety equipment.
Electronic data recorder evidence has been accepted by courts in at least 19 states, as well as in federal court, in cases involving crash investigations, according to Harris Technical Services, a Florida-based crash reconstruction firm.
Progressive Insurance offers a voluntary, usage-based insurance program called Snapshot that collects driver data in exchange for an insurance discount. This month, Progressive surpassed more than 7 billion miles of driving data from the more than 1 million customers who have used Snapshot, said company spokesperson Erin Vrobel.
Snapshot uses a small device that plugs into the vehicle's on-board diagnostic port to collect data on how much the customer drives, the time of day they drive and how many times they brake hard. Progressive uses that information to calculate the customer's rate, with an average annual savings of $150, Vrobel said.
“The device doesn't have GPS, so we don't know your location,” they said.
Travelers Insurance offers a similar program, IntelliDrive, in eight states. In the program, vehicle operation data is wirelessly transmitted to the company in exchange for a small discount. Traveler markets the voluntary program to the parents of teen drivers, who can track how, when and where their child drives, said Tony Hare, the company's managing product director.
Customers can monitor their teen's driving using a secure online dashboard. They also can receive email or text alerts when their teen drives outside of parameters set by parents, including speed, time of day or geographic boundaries. Unlike cars' black boxes, the IntelliDrive device uses GPS technology, as well as an accelerometer to track acceleration and braking information.
Traveler maintains the data, but doesn't use it for rating customers, Hare said.
“We use it at a high level for research purposes so that we can understand how vehicles are used,” they said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Donald Trump says they won't be denied Republican nomination 0:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
LAS VEGAS — Donald Trump on Saturday claimed most of the money he's been collecting at their recent fundraisers is going to the Republican Party, but also threatened to cut the GOP off if support from the party wavers.
"Right now I'm raising a lot of money for the Republican Party, and a lot of beneficiaries to that, and I like doing it," Trump said.
“Life is like a two-way street, right?” Trump said. “They have to [help], otherwise I'll just keep doing what I'm doing, I'll just keep funding my own campaign…for me, that's the easy way,” they said.
Trump's candidacy has been problematic for some in the GOP. Some Republican delegates in Colorado are moving forward with a plan to oust Trump at the party's convention. And House Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday said they wouldn't instruct House members to vote for Trump, saying they should vote their conscience.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Republican Resistance to Donald Trump's Nomination Gathers Momentum 2:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump in Las Vegas Saturday dismissed efforts to oust them at the convention as a “hoax” that was “made up by the press.”
"First of all, it's illegal. Second of all, you can't do it. Third of all, we, not me, we got 14, almost 14 million votes, 14 million votes in the primary system,” they said of the fledgling but growing movement to change the Republican National Convention rules to allow even delegates bound to Trump to vote against them based on their "conscience."
Trump also pointed out the grassroots effort haven't tapped an alternative.
"Who were they going to pick? I've beat everybody,” Trump said. “But I don't mean beat, I beat the hell out of them, right? Beat the hell out of them."
Related: Trump Claim Muslims Don't Assimilate Called 'False' By PolitiFact
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed JUNE 17: Ryan Says Republicans Should Vote by 'Conscience,' Don't Have to Back Trump 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump accused two of their former opponents — Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush — of being in on the effort.
"And now you have a couple of guys that were badly defeated and they're trying to organize, maybe like a little bit of a delegate revolt," Trump said.
The leader of the movement to change the rules, Colorado Rules Committee member Kendal Unruh, acknowledged in an interview with NBC News that they hadn't tapped any candidate, but said the effort would continue in hopes that a candidate would eventually emerge.
They also said the effort had no ties to any former candidate and hadn't been in contact with their campaigns, though many delegates supportive of Trump's opponents had expressed interest in their effort.
Trump said during their Las Vegas rally that they raised $12-13 million for the party “between yesterday and today,” a number they repeated in an NBC News interview.
That clashed with what campaign sources had previously said about their Texas fundraising haul. Trump Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin said that Trump was referring to the total Trump raised in Texas and Nevada combined.
"I would self-fund in a minute," in the general election, Trump told NBC News in a phone conversation after their Las Vegas rally. "It's cheaper for me to self-fund."
When pressed on how it could be cheaper for them to fund their own campaign, Trump argued that the money he's raising for the joint fundraising committee he's launched with the Republican National Committee goes mostly to the party.
All of the events Trump's been headlining during their fundraising swing across the nation this week benefit that joint fund, meaning some of the money he's raising may be earmarked to the RNC and inaccessible to their campaign.
Related: Trump Brushes Off Ryan Comments on Backing Candidate
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Chuck Todd: Hillary Clinton may put Trump 'in a hole that they can't dig out of' 2:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Mnuchin said the candidate's fundraising efforts “could not be going better,” considering their late start.
Trump's two-day fundraising swing through Texas netted them a total of $8 million, with just over $6 million coming in from their Dallas fundraisers on Thursday and the rest coming in on Friday, multiple Trump campaign sources said. That suggests Trump's Nevada fundraiser had to bring in about $3 million.
“Considering we started this literally four weeks ago, it could not be going better," Mnuchin said of Trump's fundraising efforts. Mnuchin said of Trump: "He's putting in a lot of resources to help the party. People who are up for election will appreciate it."
Multiple reports in recent weeks have outlined disarray within Trump's finance team and underscored the uphill battle they face in raising enough money to compete with Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party's deep coffers.
Trump still trails — by a huge margin — Clinton, who had more than $30 million cash on hand as of April 30, to Trump's $2.4 million cash on hand. He's being outpaced by where Mitt Romney was in fundraising at this point in 2012.
"We're gonna beat Hillary," Trump said in Las Vegas. But they added "it would be helpful if the Republicans could help us a little bit, you know, OK?"
SXSW: Adam Pally Wants to Be Our Next Great, 'Different' Leading Man
READ MORE: SXSW: Mindy Kaling Teaches Us 10 Things About Running a TV Show
You might first have heard of Adam Pally as a key anchor of the “Happy Endings” ensemble, but the actor moved to a number of projects after the series' unjust cancellation. Pally made a run on “The Mindy Project,” started their own production deal with ABC Studios and is now starring in the indie feature “Night Owls,” which premiered this weekend at SXSW.
The film, which takes place over the course of one night, revolves around a man who's looking to hook up, but instead finds themselves falling for their unbalanced one-night stand (Rosa Salazar). One of the allures for the young actor was the chance for Pally to take on a leading man role. Of course, what does it mean to be a “leading man” these days? Indiewire got the chance to ask Pally, as well as dig into Marvel's unconventional casting choices and what drives them to pursue things that are different.
Congrats on “Night Owls.” It seems like it's been getting a great reception so far.
Oh, thank you. Yeah, the reviews have been pretty good, knock on wood. Everything seems like it's going well. It was really nice to screen it, get it out and get a nice response.
Definitely. I hate to ask the boring backstory question—
There is no boring question.
Okay, well, the boring backstory question: how did you get involved with the project?
I got sent the script and really responded to it. I'm still having trouble but, at the time, giving me the option of playing a romantic lead… I was known, for my TV stuff, as playing the goofy sidekick. And that was fun, but I really wanted to be the guy who got the girl and see if I could do it. This script was really tight and I had done a movie previously with Rosa Salazar and I just couldn't think of anyone else. I was like “please consider” and they did and we were lucky because within a few months of shooting the movie she's now the biggest action star. So it just worked out really well and we got really lucky.
So when you got sent the script was it something that was put into consideration for you, was it written for you?
It was not written for me. It came my way and I was looking for something. I didn't want to do what I had already done. I wanted to spread my wings a little. This is a comedy, but it let me do some stuff I haven't been able to do.
It's a lot more grounded than the sitcom stuff you've been doing.
That was the goal.
Was part of the appeal also just how insular it all is?
Being that it's all shot in one house? As you're making indie films and starting out, that's how you have to make your movies. Make something producible, and do your best to make it bigger than it actually was, and I think that's what we achieved. Adrian Correia, who was the DP, and Charles Hood, who directed, they shot the fuck out of that house. It's like a David Fincher comedy and I'm really proud of it.
How many days was that?
It was 17 days, 13 straight nights. We did two days to start, and then we moved into nights and then pretty much ended on a day and it felt like one long night. We kind of shot chronologically so everything felt really natural.
It seems like an interesting time to talk to you because you're in between a lot of things.
I'm developing a bunch of stuff for ABC Studios; I think I'm filling a role for them that they don't really have, which is their alternative programming space. I'm trying to do some stuff that pushes the envelope for things that are non-traditional for television. That's a market that they don't have their foot in yet, so they hired me to move in that direction for them.
Scripted or unscripted or both?
They're doing a reality show, but that could mean a lot of things — from “Borat” type stuff… I'm just really going from project to project and doing things that excite me and not fill any quota for a studio.
So what excites you?
I like TV right now, especially TV that is pushing the envelope. I think “Last Man on Earth” is brilliant and hilarious, and besides Will Forte being a friend and idol of mine, they did something amazing. And “Broad City” is, in my opinion, the best sitcom on television right now.
So the key word for you seems to be “different.”
Yeah, anything different. That's in the movies that I do and the TV I do. It feels like a trap to look for formulas that have worked before. I like projects that excite you and you don't know how they're gonna get made.
Hypothetically, if “Happy Endings” had gone on for a fourth and a fifth and a sixth season, would you have wanted to be a part of that ensemble?
Yeah, “Happy Endings” was a life-changing thing for me. Casey Wilson and [creator] David Caspe are two of mine and my wife's best friends. I think it created kind of a frenetic, once in a lifetime, type of show that I was lucky enough to be a part of.
I have to ask about the “Happy Endings” April 1 countdown.
I do know [what it is]. I'm not allowed to say anything. I don't want to be cryptic or vague, but let's say I know a little bit.
I think what's great about “Happy Endings” is that it's a great example of what's been building for a while: a great community of comedy people where everyone's working together, everyone's collaborating.
Yeah and that's how I met Rosa [Salazar], from a similar thing. The only actor I could compare them to is Amy Adams. I don't know anybody else who has that much range like Rosa, funny but at the same time super vulnerable and you don't see that that much. So I was lucky to get to them through that comedy community.
READ MORE: What Brings Comedians Together? According to ‘Hotwives of Orlando' Creators, ‘We Want to Feel Like We're Still in That Old Porn Theater'
You get to say you're in early.
[laughs] Yes, I was in early on Rosa. I was in on the ground floor of Rosa Salazar.
How key is their range in doing a project like “Night Owls”?
I don't think I could have done it looking back with anyone but Rose. It's very hard to find someone who can improvise with you and spar with you and be funnier than you and at the same time have dramatic chops that don't feel like she's acting. So for a movie like this, a lot of that rested on their little Peruvian shoulders and it just seemed to work out.
Being a leading man and being a romantic lead, what does getting that opportunity mean to you?
It meant the world to me. The way I started… I hope this doesn't sound deflecting or pretentious, but I didn't think I was gonna be an actor. When I first started, I was writing. I did characters and improv and I wrote this pilot and I shot the first five minutes and I played a character so it got me a reputation for acting, and I realized that I wanted to be a leading man and I wanted to do good things. That led me to “Happy Endings,” and that led me to “The Mindy Project,” which were both amazing experiences but were both specific to that type of character and I wanted to see if I could do something different.
Talking about the idea of the leading man construct; when you think of a leading man, how do you define it?
I don't define it any type of way, because I think there are a lot of types of leading men. I think the unfortunate thing in studio movies nowadays is that the leading man needs to be somebody so nondescript that they will work in America, in Europe in Asia, and they need to be this handsome, blue-eyed [man], who everybody can latch onto. But the leading men I grew up with were not like that. I wanted to be like a Gene Wilder or Steve Martin, men who were not necessarily like that. Peter Sellers, inherently funny, but they're not joking and they're playing the leads.
Elliot Gould was a huge star in the '70s.
Amazing.
I wonder where that shift comes from. The international sales?
Yeah. You still have a couple leading men of my ilk, like your Sandlers and your Rogens, but they're few and far between, because they're almost taking up all the real estate that anyone's willing to gamble on a non-Ryan Gosling. But I do think I have it in me to do that.
Do you think there's a difference there in film and television in that respect?
I actually don't. I think TV has caught up with film in every possible way. There is no wasted frame just because it's 22 [episodes]. Especially with single cam. So no, I don't. I think it's the script. I think it's the part and the idea that are the number one things that lead you to do it, and if you don't have that, when you get on set you're going to be miserable.
Every pilot I read this year was for me to play brother-in-law to a sister who had just gotten married, and I move back home to live in the garage and take care of the kids. And they were all called “Brother-In-Flaw.” [laughs] No, no, but that's what it feels like. I get it. I get how that can work, and I'm not in any way demeaning that form. But for me in my life and my career, I'm not there right now.
Do you think writers are starting to write an “Adam Pally type?”
I haven't gotten a script like that. I dream it. No, I think they probably write “ENTER SHAWN, THINK PAUL RUDD, OR ON OUR BUDGET, ADAM PALLY.”
Paul Rudd, though, not bad.
I'd take it. Depending on my weight I'm either Rogen or Rudd. I'm feeling like Rogen this week. When I go back to L.A. I'll favor Rudd.
He's gotten progressively better looking through the years.
Yeah, he's amazing. He's a total hero of mine. So unsung as an actor.
I can't wait to see what they do with Ant-Man.
Yeah, me too, me too. I'll be there to see it.
Going back to unconventional male leads, he's not necessarily who you'd think of for that part.
Marvel is great like that. As a member of the Marvel Universe… [Pally had a small role in “Iron Man 3” as a Tony Stark fan.]
That's right, when's your action figure coming out?
I'm begging RDJ for it, but they won't return my calls. No, but, you know, Robert in “Iron Man” and Chris Pratt, Mark Ruffalo — they really do a great job on casting, a great job picking directors. So they probably know what they're doing here.
So to wrap up, we're in this generation of people coming up in comedy, moving to more serious roles. Does wanting to go dramatic go beyond just wanting to be different?
Yes, I would say, for me. I don't want to do my drama. I feel like sometimes, when you're picking material, you have to be really really honest to the material. My instinct is to be big and funnier and less believable so I never think about strategically what I want to do, I just think about whether I could do it. That's what [“Night Owls”] was. I think I can do it, if someone was reining me in a little.
Was that part of your conversation with the director?
To make sure they reined me in? I'm too narcissistic to give someone that power. No, I knew from talking with them that they knew what they were doing, and that's the most important thing — especially with my style — because I don't intend to be one of those actors in the director's face, wanting to know how things are going. I'd much rather be told to go here so I can focus on whatever dumb thought I'm focusing on. I knew from my first conversation with Charles that they knew exactly what they wanted to do.
READ MORE: What Will ‘The Mindy Project' Be Like Without Peter Prentice?
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
β-lactam antibiotics (beta-lactam antibiotics) are a class of antibiotic consisting of all antibiotic agents that contain a beta-lactam ring in their molecular structures. This includes penicillin derivatives (penams), cephalosporins (cephems), monobactams, and carbapenems.[1] Most β-lactam antibiotics work by inhibiting cell wall biosynthesis in the bacterial organism and are the most widely used group of antibiotics. Until 2003, when measured by sales, more than half of all commercially available antibiotics in use were β-lactam compounds.[2]
Bacteria often develop resistance to β-lactam antibiotics by synthesizing a β-lactamase, an enzyme that attacks the β-lactam ring. To overcome this resistance, β-lactam antibiotics are often given with β-lactamase inhibitors such as clavulanic acid.
Medical use [ edit ]
β-lactam antibiotics are indicated for the prevention and treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible organisms. At first, β-lactam antibiotics were mainly active only against Gram-positive bacteria, yet the recent development of broad-spectrum β-lactam antibiotics active against various Gram-negative organisms has increased their usefulness.
Adverse effects [ edit ]
Adverse drug reactions [ edit ]
Common adverse drug reactions for the β-lactam antibiotics include diarrhea, nausea, rash, urticaria, superinfection (including candidiasis).[3]
Infrequent adverse effects include fever, vomiting, erythema, dermatitis, angioedema, pseudomembranous colitis.[3]
Pain and inflammation at the injection site is also common for parenterally administered β-lactam antibiotics.
Immunologically mediated adverse reactions to any β-lactam antibiotic may occur in up to 10% of patients receiving that agent (a small fraction of which are truly IgE-mediated allergic reactions, see amoxicillin rash). Anaphylaxis will occur in approximately 0.01% of patients.[3][4] There is perhaps a 5%-10% cross-sensitivity between penicillin-derivatives, cephalosporins, and carbapenems; but this figure has been challenged by various investigators.
Nevertheless, the risk of cross-reactivity is sufficient to warrant the contraindication of all β-lactam antibiotics in patients with a history of severe allergic reactions (urticaria, anaphylaxis, interstitial nephritis) to any β-lactam antibiotic.
A Jarisch–Herxheimer reaction may occur after initial treatment of a spirochetal infection such as syphilis with a β-lactam antibiotic.
Mode of action [ edit ]
Penicillin and most other β-lactam antibiotics act by inhibiting penicillin-binding proteins, which normally catalyze cross-linking of bacterial cell walls.
In the absence of β-lactam antibiotics, the bacterial cell wall plays an important role in bacterial reproduction.
Adding β-lactam antibiotics to the cell medium while bacteria are dividing will cause them to shed their cell walls and fail to divide, forming large, fragile spheroplasts
β-lactam antibiotics are bacteriocidal, and act by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms, being the outermost and primary component of the wall. The final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of the peptidoglycan is facilitated by DD-transpeptidases which are penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). PBPs vary in their affinity for binding penicillin or other β-lactam antibiotics. The amount of PBPs varies among bacterial species.
β-lactam antibiotics are analogues of d-alanyl- d-alanine—the terminal amino acid residues on the precursor NAM/NAG-peptide subunits of the nascent peptidoglycan layer. The structural similarity between β-lactam antibiotics and d-alanyl- d-alanine facilitates their binding to the active site of PBPs. The β-lactam nucleus of the molecule irreversibly binds to (acylates) the Ser 403 residue of the PBP active site. This irreversible inhibition of the PBPs prevents the final crosslinking (transpeptidation) of the nascent peptidoglycan layer, disrupting cell wall synthesis.[5]
β-lactam antibiotics block not only the division of bacteria, including cyanobacteria, but also the division of cyanelles, the photosynthetic organelles of the glaucophytes, and the division of chloroplasts of bryophytes. In contrast, they have no effect on the plastids of the highly developed vascular plants. This is supporting the endosymbiotic theory and indicates an evolution of plastid division in land plants.[6]
Under normal circumstances, peptidoglycan precursors signal a reorganisation of the bacterial cell wall and, as a consequence, trigger the activation of autolytic cell wall hydrolases. Inhibition of cross-linkage by β-lactams causes a build-up of peptidoglycan precursors, which triggers the digestion of existing peptidoglycan by autolytic hydrolases without the production of new peptidoglycan. As a result, the bactericidal action of β-lactam antibiotics is further enhanced.
Potency [ edit ]
Two structural features of β-lactam antibiotics have been correlated with their antibiotic potency.[7] The first is known as "Woodward's parameter", h, and is the height (in angstroms) of the pyramid formed by the nitrogen atom of the β-lactam as the apex and the three adjacent carbon atoms as the base.[8] The second is called "Cohen's parameter", c, and is the distance between the carbon atom of the carboxylate and the oxygen atom of the β-lactam carbonyl.[9] This distance is thought to correspond to the distance between the carboxylate-binding site and the oxyanion hole of the PBP enzyme. The best antibiotics are those with higher h values (more reactive to hydrolysis) and lower c values (better binding to PBPs).[7]
Modes of resistance [ edit ]
By definition, all β-lactam antibiotics have a β-lactam ring in their structure. The effectiveness of these antibiotics relies on their ability to reach the PBP intact and their ability to bind to the PBP. Hence, there are two main modes of bacterial resistance to β-lactams:
Enzymatic hydrolysis of the β-lactam ring [ edit ]
If the bacterium produces the enzyme β-lactamase or the enzyme penicillinase, the enzyme will hydrolyse the β-lactam ring of the antibiotic, rendering the antibiotic ineffective.[10] (An example of such an enzyme is New Delhi metallo-beta-lactamase 1, discovered in 2009.) The genes encoding these enzymes may be inherently present on the bacterial chromosome or may be acquired via plasmid transfer (plasmid-mediated resistance), and β-lactamase gene expression may be induced by exposure to β-lactams.
The production of a β-lactamase by a bacterium does not necessarily rule out all treatment options with β-lactam antibiotics. In some instances, β-lactam antibiotics may be co-administered with a β-lactamase inhibitor. For example, Augmentin (FGP) is made of amoxicillin (a β-lactam antibiotic) and clavulanic acid (a β-lactamase inhibitor). The clavulanic acid is designed to overwhelm all β-lactamase enzymes, and effectively serve as an antagonist so that the amoxicillin is not affected by the β-lactamase enzymes.
Other β-Lactamase inhibitors such as boronic acids are being studied in which they irreversibly bind to the active site of β-lactamases. This is a benefit over clavulanic acid and similar beta-lactam competitors, because they cannot be hydrolysed, and therefore rendered useless. Extensive research is currently being done to develop tailored boronic acids to target different isozymes of beta-lactamases.[11]
However, in all cases where infection with β-lactamase-producing bacteria is suspected, the choice of a suitable β-lactam antibiotic should be carefully considered prior to treatment. In particular, choosing appropriate β-lactam antibiotic therapy is of utmost importance against organisms which harbor some level of β-lactamase expression. In this case, failure to use the most appropriate β-lactam antibiotic therapy at the onset of treatment could result in selection for bacteria with higher levels of β-lactamase expression, thereby making further efforts with other β-lactam antibiotics more difficult.[12]
Possession of altered penicillin-binding proteins [ edit ]
As a response to the use of β-lactams to control bacterial infections, some bacteria have evolved penicillin binding proteins with novel structures. β-lactam antibiotics cannot bind as effectively to these altered PBPs, and, as a result, the β-lactams are less effective at disrupting cell wall synthesis. Notable examples of this mode of resistance include methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae. Altered PBPs do not necessarily rule out all treatment options with β-lactam antibiotics.
Nomenclature [ edit ]
(A) A penam. (B) A carbapenam. (C) An oxapenam. (D) A penem. (E) A carbapenem. (F) A monobactam. (G) A cephem. (H) A carbacephem. (I) An oxacephem. The β-lactam core structures.A penam.A carbapenam.An oxapenam.A penem.A carbapenem.A monobactam.A cephem.A carbacephem.An oxacephem.
β-lactams are classified according to their core ring structures.[13]
β-lactams fused to saturated five-membered rings: β-lactams containing thiazolidine rings are named penams. β-lactams containing pyrrolidine rings are named carbapenams. β-lactams fused to oxazolidine rings are named oxapenams or clavams.
β-lactams fused to unsaturated five-membered rings: β-lactams containing 2,3-dihydrothiazole rings are named penems. β-lactams containing 2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrrole rings are named carbapenems.
β-lactams fused to unsaturated six-membered rings: β-lactams containing 3,6-dihydro-2H-1,3-thiazine rings are named cephems. β-lactams containing 1,2,3,4-tetrahydropyridine rings are named carbacephems. β-lactams containing 3,6-dihydro-2H-1,3-oxazine rings are named oxacephems.
β-lactams not fused to any other ring are named monobactams.
By convention, the bicyclic β-lactams are numbered starting with the position occupied by sulfur in the penams and cephems, regardless of which atom it is in a given class. That is, position 1 is always adjacent to the β-carbon of β-lactam ring. The numbering continues clockwise from position one until the β-carbon of β-lactam is reached, at which point numbering continues counterclockwise around the lactam ring to number the remaining to carbons. For example, the nitrogen atom of all bicyclic β-lactams fused to five-membered rings is labelled position 4, as it is in penams, while in cephems, the nitrogen is position 5.
The numbering of monobactams follows that of the IUPAC; the nitrogen atom is position 1, the carbonyl carbon is 2, the α-carbon is 3, and the β-carbon 4.
Biosynthesis [ edit ]
To date, two distinct methods of biosynthesizing the β-lactam core of this family of antibiotics have been discovered. The first pathway discovered was that of the penams and cephems. This path begins with a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), ACV synthetase (ACVS), which generates the linear tripeptide δ-( L -α-aminoadipyl)- L -cysteine- D -valine (ACV). ACV is oxidatively cyclized (two cyclizations by a single enzyme) to bicyclic intermediate isopenicillin N by isopenicillin N synthase (IPNS) to form the penam core structure.[14] Various transamidations lead to the different natural penicillins.
This figure outlines the different methods of β-lactam closure among the various classes of β-lactam compounds. Penams and cephems are cyclized oxidatively (first row); clavams and carbapenems are closed by ATP-utilizing amidation (second and third row); and some monobactams may be closed by a third method (fourth row).
The biosynthesis of cephems branch off at isopenicillin N by an oxidative ring expansion to the cephem core. As with the penams, the variety of cephalosporins and cephamycins come from different transamidations, as is the case for the penicillins.
While the ring closure in penams and cephems is between positions 1 and 4 of the β-lactam and is oxidative, the clavams and carbapenems have their rings closed by two-electron processes between positions 1 and 2 of the ring. β-lactam synthetases are responsible for these cyclizations, and the carboxylate of the open-ring substrates is activated by ATP.[15] In clavams, the β-lactam is formed prior to the second ring; in carbapenems, the β-lactam ring is closed second in sequence.
The biosynthesis of the β-lactam ring of tabtoxin mirrors that of the clavams and carbapenems. The closure of the lactam ring in the other monobactams, such as sulfazecin and the nocardicins, may involve a third mechanism involving inversion of configuration at the β-carbon.[16]
See also [ edit ]
The list of banned and allowed messages stretches to almost 50 items
Formula 1 teams have been forbidden from using coded messages as part of a ban on giving their drivers advice over team radio.
Governing body the FIA wants to prevent "coaching" by radio, including giving advice on how to go faster in corners.
Among a list of forbidden subjects sent to the teams on Monday were warnings about brake wear and fuel consumption.
Teams are concerned the new ruling could lead to reliability problems or, in the case of brakes, safety issues.
The list of banned and allowed messages - seen by BBC Sport - is two pages long and features nearly 50 items.
What teams cannot tell their drivers Sector time detail of a competitor or where they are faster or slower Adjustment of power-unit or gearbox settings Information on fuel flow or fuel saving Clutch maps and settings, including for the start Brake balance or brake-by-wire Answering a driver's direct question Information on tyre pressures Balancing the state of battery charge or adjusting it for performance Anything that sounds like a coded message
The new approach is a response to concerns that radio messages about driving advice or managing the car were giving the impression the drivers were effectively puppets carrying out the plans of engineers in the pits.
One senior engineer said: "People should be careful what they wish for - this is going to mean almost no radio traffic at all."
Banned radio messages will also not be allowed to be displayed to drivers on pit boards.
Teams fear it will make drivers' lives difficult in a complex sport that has fuel consumption as a central part of races.
Media playback is not supported on this device Monaco GP: Lewis Hamilton's team radio frustration
Drivers have access only to information on the amount of fuel they have used in the race and the consumption on their previous lap.
So it will be all but impossible for them to work out whether they need to use less fuel to stay within the allowed limits for a race - cars are allowed to use no more than 100kg of fuel in a grand prix and consume it at a rate of no more than 100kg per hour.
Teams could decide to err on the side of caution with the amount of fuel they put in a car for the start of a race, but every 1kg of extra fuel carried is punished with a time penalty of 0.1 seconds per lap - or about six seconds of total elapsed time for the average race.
Preparing the cars for the start of the race will also now be much more difficult, and management of the hybrid engines will be made more complex following the decision to prevent drivers being told the state of charge (SOC) of their batteries.
What teams can tell their drivers Their own lap or sector time detail A competitor's lap time Gaps to a rival Telling them to push hard, or who they are racing Warning of a puncture Tyre choice at the next pit stop The number of laps a rival has done on a set of tyres in a race, and the type of tyre they are on Information about a problem with a competitor's car The safety car Driving offences by a rival Front wing settings at the next pit stop Track condition or weather Team orders Information on damage to the car or need to retire Number of laps remaining
In some cases, this could even lead to retirement as for some cars a battery failure means the car stops working.
From the race in Japan next month, teams will also not be allowed to warn drivers about brake wear or temperatures, or tyre pressures or temperatures.
Story highlights Congress returns from five-week recess with just 57 days until election
A short-term continuing resolution to fund federal agencies is expected to pass
Violence Against Women Act, cybersecurity bill likely to be punted
It's possible GOP and Democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bill
After a five-week summer recess, Congress returns to a long list of unfinished business, but with 57 left days before Election Day, it's likely it will tackle only the bare minimum in its short fall session.
The one must-pass measure -- a short-term continuing resolution to fund federal agencies -- will avoid any pre-election talk of a government shutdown, with which neither party wants to be tagged. Republican and Democratic leaders struck a deal this summer on a six-month bill, but both chambers still need to pass the legislation before government funding expires at the end of this month.
The House is expected vote on the bill Thursday, and two GOP leadership aides predict it will get a sizable bipartisan majority. A senior Senate Democratic aide tells CNN the Senate is expected to approve the measure next week.
Rep. Kevin McCarthy, the third-ranking GOP leader in the House, did not directly answer whether a majority of House Republicans would vote for the stopgap spending bill, but said, "I expect that bill to be a bipartisan vote, and I expect the Senate to pass it as well and not add anything to it."
What could move
-- It's possible that GOP and Democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bill to reform agriculture programs and provide some relief to drought-stricken states -- or at least agree to another short-term extension of the current law, according to multiple congressional aides. If they can't reconcile differences between the two varying approaches taken by the House and Senate, some money for drought assistance, plus some money for states affected by recent natural disasters, could be tacked onto the spending bill.
McCarthy, who represents some agricultural interests in their California district, told reporters Monday he's still pressing to pass a bill before the election.
They acknowledged to reporters on Capitol Hill that "the time frame is tough," but "it's our intent to get it done."
-- The Senate will return and work on a veterans jobs bill this week. Senate Democrats are also considering action this month on a housing bill that President Barack Obama included on their congressional "to do" list earlier this summer, but House Republicans haven't expressed any desire to act on it.
JUST WATCHED Congress divided over drought relief Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Congress divided over drought relief 03:02
JUST WATCHED Obama issues Congressional 'to-do' list Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama issues Congressional 'to-do' list 03:19
JUST WATCHED Government waste still a huge problem Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Government waste still a huge problem 04:03
-- Some key provisions of the federal wiretapping bill known as FISA that was created after the 9/11 terror attacks under President George W. Bush are due to expire at the end of the year, and Congress is expected to pass an extension of the current law. House Republicans have slated a vote this week to renew the current law for another five years.
Likely to be punted
The roughly eight-week sprint to Election Day means several major measures that lawmakers have failed to make any progress on over the summer will continue to languish on Capitol Hill.
These include some issues that both parties say they want to address but will have little motivation to compromise on: The renewal of the Violence Against Women Act, a bill providing new cybersecurity protections and legislation to reform the postal service, which recently defaulted on payments to the Treasury Department for employee health plans.
In each case, the proposal favored by the GOP-led House is at odds with the bills in the Democrat-controlled Senate. A divided Congress means these issues will be punted into the lame duck session after the election, or even postponed until next year.
Less legislating and more campaign messaging
While there won't be much legislating, congressional aides say the messages from leaders and rank-and-file members on Capitol Hill will echo the campaign themes of Obama and GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, particularly when it comes to the economy and jobs.
On their first post-convention stop in New Hampshire on Friday, Obama prodded voters to urge Congress to pass their jobs legislation.
"If the Republicans are serious about being concerned about joblessness, we could create a million new jobs right now if Congress would pass the jobs plan that I sent to them a year ago -- jobs for teachers, jobs for construction workers, jobs for folks who have been looking for work for a long time. We can do that," Obama said.
Kevin Smith, a spokesperson for House Speaker John Boehner, emphasized that the House GOP has already approved legislation aimed at helping the economy. "The House has done its job. We've passed more than 30 jobs bills."
Noting that House Republicans have also passed a bill to undo the automatic spending cuts scheduled to go into effect in January and extend all the current tax rates, Smith added, "We are ready to act on all of those measures if the president and Senate Democrats would show some courage to work with on those things with us."
Romney continues to highlight the Obama administration's failed loan to the now-bankrupt energy company Solyndra. House Republicans will keep the issue out front with a vote this week on a bill to eliminate the federal loan guarantee program that funded several energy start-ups. Dubbed the "No more Solyndras Act," the GOP bill is expected to pass mostly along party lines, but won't move in the Senate.
One open question is whether GOP vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin will return to the Capitol for any part of the September session. Under Wisconsin law, Ryan is allowed to also run for their House seat, so they may feel pressure to take a break from barnstorming battleground states to vote on the bipartisan deal to keep the government funded.
McCarthy told reporters Monday that Ryan would be back in Washington on Thursday to vote on the continuing resolution, and a Romney campaign official confirmed that.
The six-month spending bill keeps the government funded at the level agreed to in last summer's debt deal -- $1.047 trillion. But after criticism from a bloc of conservative House Republicans that the deal didn't cut spending fast enough, Ryan introduced a budget that moved the overall spending level about $20 billion lower to $1.028 trillion. That budget passed the House, but was immediately rejected by Senate Democrats as violating the bipartisan debt deal.
Asked how Ryan would vote this week on the funding bill, McCarthy initially told reporters they expected Ryan to support it, but when pressed about the spending level, they said they had indications their GOP colleague would vote for it, but they couldn't speak for other members.
An aide to Ryan did not respond when asked by CNN whether the member of congress planned to vote for the six-month spending bill.
What won't get done -- a deal to avoid the 'fiscal cliff'
Congress faces a "fiscal cliff" at the end of this year -- the combination of the deep automatic cuts to federal agencies scheduled to go into effect in January that were part of last summer's debt deal and the expiration of the "Bush era" tax cuts at the end of December.
Economists and budget experts warn that a failure by the divided Congress to come to some agreement on significant deficit reduction and tax policy before the end of the year could trigger another recession. But neither side expects anything more than symbolic action on those issues until after the election.
On Friday, the White House missed a deadline to submit a report to Congress that details which government programs would face cuts as part of the sequestration in January, but White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters the report would go to the Hill this week.
House Republicans passed a plan earlier this year without any Democratic support that shielded the Defense Department from any cuts and replaced the across-the-board reductions prescribed in the debt deal with other mandatory spending cuts to food stamp and other domestic programs.
Although the majority of House Republicans voted for these spending cuts that were included in last summer's compromise to raise the debt ceiling, there has been a GOP push in recent months to blame the Obama administration and paint Democrats as responsible for any impact the cuts would have on the military.
Over the weekend, Romney criticized Obama for proposing the cuts as a mechanism to broker the debt deal, saying "it was a mistake for Republicans to go along with it."
To reinforce that they now oppose the massive cuts to the military that sequestration would set in motion, the House GOP is scheduling another vote on the issue next week.
The new bill would replace the mandatory cuts with their alternate set of reductions and again calls for the White House to explain how it will implement spending reductions.
Perhaps what promises to be the only truly bipartisan moment in Congress this fall is this Tuesday's ceremony to mark the 11th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks. As has become custom each year on the date, House and Senate leaders from both parties will assemble on the Capitol steps to sing "God Bless America."
That 9/11 ceremony, along with two others awarding Congressional Gold Medals to golf great Arnold Palmer and Burmese human rights activist Aung San Suu Kyi, will be rare breaks from the heated campaign rhetoric on Capitol Hill that's aimed at influencing voters' choices in November.
So, I was talking with a friend and we were trying to pick out a team of guys to have and had to keep them for the next 7-10 years. This led me to thinking what the best team made up of anyone who was 26 or younger would be. So I will outline every position with who I feel is the best/has the best potential and is at most 26 years old.
Catcher: Carlos Santana
At only 25 years old, Santana might be the best catcher in the big leagues this year. They don't hit for great average (.239 last year) but they hit for unprecedented power. Last year they only trailed Mike Napoli in home runs hit and also played 155 games (some at DH and 1B). With Mauer hurt, McCann older, and Posey coming off a broken leg, I believe Santana is an easy choice here
1B: Eric Hosmer
This guy has all the raw skills and it was really hard not to choose Freddie Freeman here, but I think Hosmer's ceiling is higher than Freeman's. In about 3/4 of a season Hosmer hit 19 home runs, batted .293 and had an OPS of .800. Freeman still strikes out alot, almost twice as much as Hosmer which also helps Hosmer's case. Also, at just 22, Hosmer could become a future MVP for the Royals.
2B: Jason Kipnis
Kipnis only played 36 games for the Indians last year, but man was they impressive. The reason I chose Kipnis is because there were only 4 full time 2B under the age of 27 last year in MLB. It was a hard choice between Kipnis and Dustin Ackley who played almost half a season with the Mariners last year. Kipnis showed great power hitting as many home runs as Ackley in 1/3 of the games. They hit .272 and looks to have the “it” quality. Really both Kipnis and Ackley are great choices here. At only 24, Kipnis along with Asdrubal Cabrera look to be a deadly middle infield combo in the coming years
SS: Starlin Castro
Well since Tulowitzki just turned 27, I am going with Starlin Castro here. At only 21 years old Castro was probably the only bright spot for the Cubs last year.  They are very fast and very flashy. They hit a modest 10 home runs but what is most impressive is that they accumulated 207 hits as a 21 year old. They also stole 22 bases and was an Star. The only knocks on Castro are their lackadaisical attitude an the 56 errors they have had in their first 2 seasons. These 2 can easily be improved (It's hard not to be lackadaisical playing for the Cubs) through some extra practice.
SideNote: It was hard not to take Asdrubal Cabrera here after the incredible season they had last year (age: 26) but this is the first time they have put up those number in 5 years, they need to do it at least once more for me to be sold
3B: Evan Longoria
 They are probably the best 3B in baseball (Bautista is an OF to me now) and at 26 they might be the easiest choice on this list. They have already anchored the Rays lineup for 4 years averaging 33/115.  They are a 3 time All Star, 2 time Gold Glove, and won the Rookie of the Year at age 22. They make big hits in big situations and is all around a great player.
LF: Carlos Gonzalez
At 26 CarGo has blossomed into a 5 tool player for the Rockies. In the past 2 years they have hit .317 averaging 30 homeruns, 104 rbi's and 23 stolen bases. They have great speed which means their range is huge (he also can play some CF) and they have a plus arm having 12 OF assists last year. They were rewarded handsomely by signing a 7 year $80M deal. Their only knock is that it seems like once a year they run to hard into a wall and hurts themselves and has to sit out for 20 games
CF: Andrew McCutchen
The Dread Pirate and some people call them their one of the brightest up-and-comers and definitely the brightest spot in the Pirates organization. At 25 they have shown to be a premier speed guy and plays incredible defense. In their 2nd full year last year they went 20/20. and had an OBP over .350. They may be one of the more underrated young players in the game and their services will definitely be sought after when they become a free agent in 4 years. Elite defensive and speed CF are a hot commodity and McCutchen exhibits all the right qualities.
RF: Mike Stanton
If you disagree with me on this one, then just go watch them in Batting Practice. Why this guy wasn't in the home run derby last year is anybody's guess because they would be my pick to win the next 10 derby's. They have light tower power. The average distance of their 34 homeruns last year was over 400 feet. Some people say take Justin Upton here, but Stanton is 2 years younger, already has more home runs in a season than Upton, sports a higher OBP than Upton and is a better fielder (although both could still use some work). If I were the Marlins I would lock Stanton up for the next 7-10 years while you can still get them fairly cheap. This is the kind of guy you want batting 4th for a long time in your lineup. They have unprecedented power.
SP: Clayton Kershaw, Felix Hernandez, David Price, Matt Moore, Michael Pineda
I mean all the first two guys have done is won Cy Young's before the age of 23 and the third guy just led their team to a World Series, so these guys are pretty good. Matt Moore dominated the Red Sox and Yankees at the end of the season and Pineda showed an uncanny ability to strike everybody out. All 5 of these guys are either current or future aces and all of them could win multiple Cy Young's. Their is a bright future in pitching in Major League Baseball
Closer: Craig Kimbrel
All they did was lead the NL in saves as a 22 year old, set the Braves record for saves in a season, set the record for Rookie saves in a season and post a K/9IP of greater than 10. Yeah, they are a beast. There isn't anyone I'd rather have on the mound come the 9th inning than this guy right now. Mo Rivera is on their way out and its time for Kimbrel to take over. With a fastball touching the upper 90s and a slider that moves 7 inches, all of their stuff is nasty. They faded down the stretch possibly due to a heavy workload but they won't admit that. I know they will show back up this year and provide all of the excitement we need to finish games in the 9th inning.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 18, 2016, 5:35 AM GMT / Updated Feb. 18, 2016, 5:35 AM GMT By Phil Helsel
A federal grand jury on Wednesday indicted Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, their two sons and two other men in connection with a 2014-armed standoff, nearly two years after the confrontation that thrust them into the national spotlight.
The indictment of Bundy, 69, their sons Ammon and Ryan and two other men, Ryan Payne and Peter Santilli, in the Nevada standoff comes three weeks after the collapse of another armed protest over federal land management in Oregon led by the Bundy sons.
"The rule of law has been reaffirmed with these charges," U.S. Attorney for the District of Nevada Daniel Bogden said in a statement.
"Persons who use force and violence against federal law enforcement officers who are enforcing court orders, and nearly causing catastrophic loss of life or injury to others, will be brought to justice," Bogden said.
Related: Cliven Bundy, Father of Rancher Resistance, Faces Prison
Cliven Bundy and the others are charged with conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States, assault on a federal officer, obstruction, extortion and other counts in connection with the Nevada standoff.
Cliven Bundy became the face of resistance to the federal government when they and hundreds of supporters, many armed, faced down government agents who seized their cattle over unpaid grazing fees and trespassing on public land.
Rather than risk a firefight, the agents abandoned the approximately 400 head of cattle. Bundy continued to graze the cattle illegally on public land, according to the indictment.
"Today marks a tremendous step toward ending more than 20 years of lawbreaking," Bureau of Land Management Director Neil Kornze said in a statement. "The nation's public lands belong to all Americans."
Ammon and Ryan Bundy and Payne and Santilli were previously arrested in connection with the recent armed protest over public lands in Oregon.
Cliven Bundy rides a horse after attending the funeral of rancher Robert "LaVoy" Finicum on Feb. 5, 2016 in Kanab, Utah. Finicum, part of the occupation of an Oregon wildlife refuge, was shot and killed by police who tried to arrest them on Jan. 26, 2016. George Frey / Getty Images file
Ammon and Ryan Bundy led an armed group that took over the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on Jan. 2 and stayed there for more than three weeks, calling for the release of two local ranchers convicted of burning public lands, and for the federal government to turn over public lands to local control. The Bundys and others were arrested Jan. 26, and the last four holdouts surrendered last week.
The Nevada indictment accuses the five men of playing key roles in what it called “a massive armed assault” against federal agents on April 12, 2014, to retake the seized cattle.
Ammon Bundy is accused of leading a group of around 200 armed protesters to confront the federal agents holding the cattle.
During the confrontation over the cattle, some of the protesters took up sniper positions on a bridge overlooking federal officers.
Ammon Bundy's attorney, Mike Arnold, said Wednesday, “the Nevada indictment is no surprise.”
"It's important for the public to remember that there is a constitutional presumption of innocence in America, Arnold said. "A government charge is proof of nothing."
Related: Refuge Occupiers Dug Trenches near Artifact Sites, Feds Say
The government took Cliven Bundy's cattle after they grazed the animals on public land for decades without obtaining permits or paying fees, prosecutors say. They owe more than $1 million in unpaid grazing fees.
More than 300 million acres of land in 13 Western states is public land managed by the federal government.
Santilli, 50, an internet radio host, allegedly broadcast messages encouraging others to come to Nevada and support the armed protest, federal prosecutors said, and helped lead what the government termed assault on officers. Payne, 32, allegedly recruited others and played a lead role in an armed assault, the government said.
Cliven Bundy, Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy, Ryan Payne and Peter Santilli Maricopa Co. Sheriff
The most serious charges in the Nevada indictment, interfering with interstate commerce by extortion and interstate travel in aid of extortion, carry maximum sentences of 20 years in prison each. Each man faces four counts of using and carrying a firearm in an act of violence, which carry a minimum sentence of 5 years each.
And the indictment charges allow prosecutors to seek the forfeiture of at least $3 million in property upon conviction of some of the charges.
All five are currently being held without bail at the Multnomah County Detention Center in Portland, according to jail records.
LOS ANGELES, May 7 (UPI) -- Police in Los Angeles said a man was arrested during a gun buyback event when they tried to turn in a homemade pipe bomb.
Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said the man came to the weekend buyback event with a homemade pipe bomb and told officers they had originally planned to use the explosive to blow up the Hollywood sign, CBSLA.com reported Tuesday.
The man "told the officers in the line that they had spoken to God that day, and God no longer wanted them to use that bomb to blow up the Hollywood sign, now they wanted them to turn it in," Beck said.
"This is not a pipe bomb buyback, this is a gun buyback," they said. "Pipe bombs are illegal to possess, illegal to manufacture."
The man, whose name was not released, was arrested.
Late-night TV hosts may have afforded Toronto Mayor Rob Ford some privacy on Wednesday when they announced their leave of absence to deal with substance abuse issues, but the embattled mayor's troubles were fair game for comic fodder the next night.
On Wednesday, following Mayor Ford's revelation they would "take a leave from campaigning and from my duties as mayor to seek immediate help," Jimmy Kimmel, host of Jimmy Kimmel Live, spared Ford from the ritualistic mocking that accompanied any previous revelations regarding the mayor.
'My vision board worked': Kimmel
"All jokes aside, I hope [Ford] really does get the help they obviously need," Kimmel tweeted.
Kimmel, whose show Ford graced as a guest earlier this year, was not as forgiving Thursday night.
Kimmel's opening monologue launched right into the latest revelations about the mayor. A new video has surfaced allegedly showing the mayor smoking what appears to be crack cocaine in their sister's basement, Kimmel explains to their audience.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford was a guest Jimmy Kimmel's late night talk show in March. (Randy Holmes/ABC/AP/Canadian Press)
"Not too many people smoke crack in a tie, but it's ... classy is what it is," they quip, as a still image from the alleged video is splashed across the screen.
Kimmel then explains that another recording — this time only audio — was obtained by the Toronto Sun, which allegedly has Ford making multiple lewd comments on it.
"The guy is constantly being taped. Never seems to notice the cameras," Kimmel says, adding they find this phenomenon interesting. "Is that a side effect of crack?"
But, it's not all bad news about Ford for Kimmel. In the audio recording, a man the Sun identified as Ford says they will move to California if they lose the upcoming mayoral election.
"Hey, that's where I live," Kimmel exclaims. "My vision board worked."
Baby president more likely than Ford's rehab stint: Stewart
Jon Stewart of The Daily Show showed no surprise at the new alleged video. But, when they learned Ford announced they would be entering a rehab facility, Stewart spat out the water they were drinking.
That is "No. 1 on the list of things I never thought would happen," they say.
When you have a lot of an item — like bananas or socks or videos of Rob Ford smoking crack — price tends to drop. - Jon Stewart, host of The Daily Show
What did they think was slightly more likely than Ford entering rehab?
A baby president.
Jersey named best-smelling.
Cats unionize.
Stewart pointed out the lack of economic knowledge by the Globe and Mail identified, self-professed drug dealer who attempted to sell the paper the video for a six-figure sum.
"Let me explain supply and demand to you. When you have a lot of an item — like bananas or socks or videos of Rob Ford smoking crack — price tends to drop. You want to make six figures? You want a video of something rare. Justin Bieber stopping a bratty kid from being a public nuisance," they explain.
Another interesting moment for Stewart from the audio tape? When Ford allegedly makes lewd comments about one of their rivals in the upcoming mayoral election, Karen Stintz, they then quickly apologizes when they remember there is a woman in their presence.
"Here's what's amazing: even drunk, even on crack — he's so f--king Canadian," Stewart says, going on to imitate Ford: "‘Sorry my lady. Pardon my coarse language and vulgar articulation.'"
'Tough day for our pal': Fallon
Jimmy Fallon only needed to utter Ford's name during their opening monologue on The Tonight Show to get cheers from the crowd.
"It's a tough day for our pal, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford," Fallon starts.
Rob Ford appears smoking from a pipe in a still image given to the Globe and Mail and Gawker.com. Addiction experts say it's unusual, and possibly detrimental, to have a client make work calls during treatment. (Gawker.com) They explain Ford's decision to take a leave of absence "to seek immediate help."
Ford wants to deal with the problem swiftly, Fallon explains, "cause Monday is Cinco de Mayo and they ain't missing that."
They inform their audience of the new video allegedly showing the mayor smoking crack in their sister's basement.
"We have to say allegedly because they don't really know whose basement it was," Fallon jokes.
But, Fallon says he's glad the mayor is seeking help.
"You know what? They have TVs in rehab. So if you're watching this Mayor Ford, we hope that some of these jokes cheer you up."
'He must be friends with the Queen': Letterman
Over on The Late Show with David Letterman, host David Letterman dedicated two segments to the Ford saga: their opening monologue and their nightly top 10 list.
"Is there a videotape out there of them not smoking crack?" Letterman asks.
Letterman finds it hard to understand that Ford remains mayor of Toronto, saying "Apparently things are different in Canada ... They must be friends with the Queen. Who knows?"
Then Letterman presented their top 10 reasons Ford is taking a leave of absence:
eBay's UK arm will reportedly allow Bitcoin trading on its site, but it's keeping the virtual currency at a distance for now.
Amid claims that eBay is "anti-Bitcoin" after the auction site banned the sale of Bitcoin-mining hardware known as ASICs, the company is shifting its stance on virtual currencies, such as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and others.
From February 10 eBay UK will allow merchants to trade Bitcoin and similar currencies in a special 'Virtual Currency' category — but only in classified ad format.
An email recently posted to Reddit, purportedly from an eBay merchant whose account was suspended over a violation of eBay's currency policy, states:
"Please know that per our recent policy update, Virtual Currency (ie Bitcoin and Litecoin), whether digitally or physically delivered, cannot be listed in auction-style or Buy-It-Now listing formats. eBay is opening a Virtual Currency category to allow the sale of virtual currency in Classified Ads format on February 10, 2014. We request that you do not list these items until that date. Please be informed that repeated breach of the policy may further jeopardize your account status. To avoid any inconvenience in future, we'd appreciated it if you go through our help pages or contact us before listing any such items."
eBay UK's existing list of policies does specifically mention virtual currencies. Instead, the only policy on currency relates to counterfeit currency and stamps.
ZDNet has asked eBay UK for comment on the new virtual currency category, and will update the story if any is forthcoming. However, a company spokesperson told virtual currency site CoinDesk that the company will be updating its Currency Policy to clarify that Bitcoins must be listed in the new Virtual Currency category in the classified ad format.
Though it's a sign eBay is warming to Bitcoin, restricting virtual currency trades to classifieds means buyers and sellers deal directly with each other, as opposed to making transactions through eBay's auction-style or Buy-it-Now formats, which are completed through eBay itself.
Perhaps the bigger question for eBay is how its payment arm PayPal will deal with Bitcoin, which could be a threat to the company — or equally an opportunity, given PayPal's history of navigating payment system regulations across the globe.
eBay CEO John Donahoe caused a stir last year when they said the company was "looking at Bitcoin closely". PayPal president David Marcus has since gone further, claiming in a recent tweet that "we're believers in BTC".
More on Bitcoin
VARANASI: The district police on Saturday imposed a ban on the trading of Chinese 'manjha' (thread used in flying kites).SSP Rajesh Modak made it clear that in the case of detection of trading of Chinese manjha at any shop, legal action would be initiated against the trader concerned. The SSP issued the order on the suggestions made by the people on the Facebook account of district police.It may be recalled that the only son of a mason, Rohit alias Raut was killed when their throat was slit with Chinese manjha in Madauli area on December 23. Resentment was brewing among the people, who had also staged a demonstration. Suggestions for banning the 'manjha' were pouring in on the police Facebook account.Modak said that after getting suggestions from people they held a discussion with their subordinates. It was decided to ban the trading of Chinese manjha. They said that the order has been issued in public interest and to avoid further untoward incident.
A driver is now charged with murder after police say they intentionally struck two people with a car on the west side of Columbus on Friday night.
It happened around 5 p.m. in a strip mall parking lot on Soldano Blvd.
"I just got a call from my daughter. They were frantic and I came straight here," says Chrissy Wagner.
Officers say their daughter was driving through the parking lot in this silver car when the victims confronted them about speeding.
Wagner says they threatened their daughter with a gun.
Police say a second silver car came barreling through, driven by 24-year-old Montez Hollins.
Wagner says Hollins is their son-in-law and was coming to their daughter's defense.
Police say Hollins circled the parking lot, crashing into a Firebird, wrecking another car, then hitting the victims.
Officers say the crash killed Jason Barry, 35.
Kristina Petree, 34, was transported to Mt. Carmel West with life-threatening injuries.
Shoppers in Kroger heard the commotion and ran out.
"There were bangs, cars flying around the parking lot, noise and a car hit bodies," said shopper Anna Parisey.
"My car got hit. I was in the store," said Charles Westbrook. "The whole front end is gone. It's crazy, the whole situation is just crazy."
Hollins is in police custody charged with murder.
Watch 10TV News and refresh 10TV.com for the latest.
Do you have more information about this photograph or the location it was taken? If so, please send information in English, Russian, or Ukrainian to the JIT via their email (contact@jitmh17.com), VK page, or WhatsApp (+31683559290). You can also comment on this article or tweet to us (@bellingcat) to discuss the geolocation of the photograph.
Today the Joint Investigation Team (JIT), the Dutch-led criminal investigation into the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) over Ukraine, published a new photograph of the Russian Buk missile launcher that downed plane from the day of the tragedy. The image shows the right side of the Buk, loaded on the back of the white Volvo truck that hauled it through eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014. Also visible in the photograph is the blue Volkswagen minivan that escorted the Buk through eastern Ukraine on the same day. This anti-aircraft missile launcher is Buk 332, previously identified by Bellingcat as “Buk 3×2,” belonging to Russia's Kursk-based 53rd Anti-Aircraft Missile Brigade.
In publishing the photograph, the JIT said that the photograph was “probably taken on July 17, 2014 in the town of Makeevka, Ukraine.” By analyzing the identifying details of the Buk in the JIT photograph and comparing it to two previous videos of the right side of Buk 332, one filmed in Russia and the other in Torez, Ukraine, it becomes clear all three materials show the same missile launcher. However, it is unclear if the photograph was actually taken in Makeevka (Makiivka in Ukrainian), located just east of Donetsk.
Reference Materials
The first of these two reference materials was filmed in Stary Oskol, Russia on June 23, 2014, uploaded to the Russian social network Vkontakte (VK) on the same day by a local. An archived copy of the video can be seen below.
A composite image showing the full filmed length of the Buk can be seen below.
The second reference material is a video published by the JIT during their September 28, 2016 press conference. The video, which was filmed in Torez, Ukraine on July 17, 2014, was purposefully obscured in order to remove details that would allow geolocation of the filmer's position.
A detailed analysis of the identifying details of Buk 332 can be found in our report “The Lost Digit: Buk 3×2.”
Analysis
The most obvious similarity between the three images is the numerous white markings on the Buk. The fragments of the painted-over digits match up perfectly, along with the H2200 (oversized cargo code) mark on the side skirt and the gravity mark (cross-hair). The details match in both appearance and their orientation to one another.
Additionally, the netting placed over the missiles is in an identical placement as it was in the Torez video and photograph.
Only four wheels are visible in the new photograph, but they correspond to the Stary Oskol and Torez videos, showing that the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth wheels are spoked (the second, which is not visible in the image, is hollow). There are few identifying features on the side skirt in the newly published image, as the tear on the side skirt is obscured by the blue VW minivan, but the visible details match the two reference materials.
This blue VW minivan is the same one that was photographed and filmed escorting Buk 332 throughout the day of the MH17 downing. Additionally, this blue VW minivan served as an escort to a different convoy of Russian-separatist military equipment two days before the downing.
Geolocation
Update: The photograph has been geolocated to Donetsk. Please see our article here for more information.
As of the time of publication, we have not been able to conclusively geolocate the image. We will update this section after we determine the location of the photograph. The JIT said that the image was “probably” taken in Makiivka, but this is uncertain from initial analysis.
Do you have more information about this photograph or the location it was taken? If so, please send information in English, Russian, or Ukrainian to the JIT via their email (contact@jitmh17.com), VK page, or WhatsApp (+31683559290). You can also comment on this article or tweet to us (@bellingcat) to discuss the geolocation of the photograph. We are also attempting to geolocate the image through the crowdsourcing platform Check.
Conclusion
This new image is the ninth photograph or video showing Russian Buk 332 in eastern Ukraine, along with a satellite image taken on 11:08am on the day of the tragedy showing the missile launcher in Makiivka, Ukraine. While the photograph does not seem to provide us any new details shedding light on the events of July 17, 2014, it does solidify the Bellingcat's claim made in November 2014 that Russian Buk 3×2 (now known as 332) from Russia's 53rd Anti-Aircraft Missile Brigade was the murder weapon in the MH17 tragedy.
This photograph is perhaps the most detailed look we have of the right side of Buk 332 after it arrived in Ukraine, showing us how the identifying features on this side align perfectly with those seen on the right side of Buk 332 in Russia almost four weeks before the downing.
Before today, there was little room for doubt in asserting that Russia's Buk 332 downed MH17. After today, with the ninth piece of visual evidence publicly available showing the weapon belonging to the Russian Armed Forces in eastern Ukraine, there is no room left at all for doubt.
Police arrested 151 people in Gatineau Thursday after busloads of student protesters arrived from Montreal as part of provincewide demonstrations against the Quebec government's proposed tuition-fee hike.
About 400 students took part in the demonstration at the University of Quebec's Outaouais campus, Gatineau police said. Police said it was clear that the protesters had no intention of co-operating with authorities.
Hundreds of crickets were released into the university's library while other students painted walls and put holes into them.
Mischief charges were laid against 148 of the protesters, while the remaining three faces more serious charges of obstructing police and disturbing the peace.
Two people suffered what are thought to be minor injuries, though police were unclear. One protester was led away from the scene with blood pouring down theirs face.
University blames 'outside protesters'
Both Gatineau police and Quebec provincial police, including officers in riot gear, were on hand to control the crowds, mainly using riot shields.
The school had sought a court injunction to remove the student protesters but they continued to return to the campus.
The 151 arrested protesters were expected to appear in court Thursday and be released sometime in the evening.
The rector of the university, Jean Vaillancourt, said all Friday classes have been cancelled to ensure the safety of staff and students.
They also blamed "outside protesters" from the Montreal area for escalating the conflict, not students of the school.
The province's plan is to increase the amount students pay by $1,625 over five years. Students are angry over the planned hike and the government refuses to back down.
Six busloads of students arrived at the Robert Guertin Arena and walked along des Allumetières Boulevard to the University of Quebec's Outaouais campus. That is where protests led to 161 arrests Wednesday for obstructing police.
The students clashed with police as they tried to enter buildings at the Tâché campus of the university. Then they moved the protest back to the streets.
Classes were cancelled for a couple of weeks but some other students also sought an injunction to have the classes resume this week.
5/16/15 - Japanese boulderer Dai Koyamada has completed their "hardest climbing ever": a long roof seam at the Hiei Mountain area in Miyazaki Prefecture. Koyamada first started working on the line three years ago and sent it on May 8. They have suggested that Horizon is likely hard V15 or V16, but also that it's difficult to grade because there are so few problems of this length and difficulty to compare it to.
Koyamada, 38, has climbed numerous V15 problems—both new routes and early repeats of existing problems. In 2004 they did the first ascent of the massive Wheel of Life link-up in the Grampians of Australia, a problem variously graded from V14 to V16, as well as a 9a+ (5.15a) route grade. In 2012 they added a low start to Dave Graham's The Story of Two Worlds in Switzerland, creating a possible V16.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Koyamada's efforts on Horizon often were hampered by wet weather that caused the crack to seep. But in 2014 they managed to do the line in two sections, with a rest in the middle. They returned this month with their mind set on completing the route. “This might be the last chance for me, considering my age,” they wrote at their blog.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
On the day they sent, the crack was wet again, and they stuffed tissue paper into the slots to try to dry them. Their early attempts that day were not promising: The day was sunny and warm, and they couldn't do the crux moves. But they resolved to rehearse the sequences until evening came and the temperature dropped.
They made two good attempts and waited some more, then had two poor goes, struggling with fatigue. “After [the fourth] attempt, I felt I may have lost my concentration. And I was exhausted. It was disappointing that I probably missed the chance because it was going to rain the following couple of days.”
But the temperature continued to drop, and they figured they might as well try one more time. After resting and eating a bit, Koyamada said they felt refreshed. With lights shining under the long roof, they smoothly made it to the crux no-foot moves. After the crux swing, they said, “Similar to the second attempt, I missed catching the tiny right foot hold, but this time I was calm enough to recover and put my foot onto it.”
Koyamada rested for a moment above the lip and then climbed the remaining five meters to the top by headlamp.
“Before finishing this project, I was afraid that I would burn out and might lose motivation for climbing. But this never happened. I am already obsessed with other projects, a lot of projects.”
Read Koyamada's full account and see more photos here.
Date of Ascent: May 8, 2015
Source: Koyamada.dai.hiho.jp
For weeks now, Philippe Coutinho has been a little disappointing. Since their return from injury, the Brazilian has struggled to replicate the brilliance, skill and finishing that had become almost expected on a weekly basis. On Saturday lunchtime, when the Reds needed them more than ever, they produced and was back at their best.
With 43% of Liverpool's attacking play coming down the left flank, it's clear that Coutinho was at the heart of everything that Liverpool created as they battered the Toffees. Their skill and movement on the wing gave the visitors nightmares and left them dizzy time after time as Coutinho weaved in and out, completing an impressive six dribbles.
One of those was particularly important as, in the 31st minute, they gave Liverpool the lead only three minutes after being pegged back to 1-1, as they finished off the move with an exquisite finish which found the far side of the net in an almost replicate move to one they had produced minutes earlier only for their shot to be saved.
Typical of their unselfish style, the Brazilian didn't stop there. With three key passes, one helped to add a third as they found Divock Origi after beating Idrissa Gueye and knocking the ball into space for the Belgian to smash home in a clear man of the match display from the number 10.
Withdrawn with 17 minutes to go for young Trent Alexander-Arnold, Coutinho had done enough to ensure that the game had already been won and certainly warranted Liverpool's decision to hire a private jet to fly them and Roberto Firmino back from South America overnight on Wednesday.
With injuries hitting in for Jurgen Klopp, with Sadio Mane joining Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson in the physio's room after a nasty collision, the Reds need Coutinho to produce this kind of form more than ever. Now that they have shown what they are capable of once again, a top four finish seems increasingly possible for the red half of Merseyside.
Featured Image: All rights reserved by ????????????? ????????????.
My roommate and I wanted a good and silly online game to disconnect from work. We came across to this good looking 8 ball pool game:
It has a few simple yet addicting mechanics. On the right we can see there's plenty of people and a public chatroom and on the left the game itself.
People challenge each other to play for points and rank on the site. My roommate and I are pretty even, but I want to give my luck a little push. So I had to break this game. But how can I cheat here?
If you right-click, you'll quickly see it's a Flash app. Or, if you're a bit paranoid like I am, you'll have it blocked automatically in Chrome's privacy settings. I recommend you do it as well.
First look
Let's go back to cheating my roommate! We can see what is exactly being loaded to play the game easily with Chrome Developer Tools (similar to Firefox and other major browsers):
I wasn't expecting two *.swf files to play one game! But here they are. Now, because this website offers multiple games, and from further research not worth mentioning, it is clear that motor.swf loads first (the people, the chatroom and everything else) and then it loads the game requested on the left, our 8ball.swf .
What is a *.swf file? Why do they use it?
Way before HTML5 and CSS3 were around there was an easy way to make animations, games, programs, ads and so on, in browser: Adobe Flash (formerly known as Macromedia Flash). Remember when youtube didn't have an HTML5 option? That's right.
Flash programs can be "compiled" (I'll explain the quotes in a moment) into a *.swf file and run in any major browser.
There's plenty of bad stuff about it, but it's still a solution to the eyes of lots of developers and managers. Of course, it's also a big deal to port an already made flash gaming platform to a modern solution.
Most important of all: a lot of people still think that their code is safe when they "compile" their flamboyant game into a comfortable *.swf as if it were an *.exe . But it is not the same. The source code is inside the *.swf , essentially in plain view.
From the Wikipedia:
A compiler is a computer program (or a set of programs) that
transforms source code written in a programming language (the source
language) into another computer language (the target language), with
the latter often having a binary form known as object code. The
most common reason for converting source code is to create an
executable program.
But SWF files are not compiled into a machine-like level, nor they run directly on your operating system. You can open one up and get your hands inside that app or game, and change the code to your liking. In a platform where there are lots of people playing, for hard earned rankings and tournaments... it's a big deal.
Let's get down to it >:)
Downloading and decompiling the source code
From Chrome's dev tools I can easily copy the *.swf 's URLs. I'll use cURL to download both files (you can use wget or any other similar tool in all platforms):
> curl -O http://XXX.com/8ball.swf % Total % Received % Xferd Average Speed Time Time Time Current Dload Upload Total Spent Left Speed 100 561k 100 561k 0 0 1748k 0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:-- 1750k > curl -O http://XXX.com/motor.swf?etc... % Total % Received % Xferd Average Speed Time Time Time Current Dload Upload Total Spent Left Speed 100 626k 100 626k 0 0 745k 0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:-- 745k
That was easy! Now it's time to open up their guts.
There's a real diversity of the so called SWF decompilers; I'll use JPEXS Free Flash Decompiler. Let's start with motor.swf :
As you can see, you can browse through (and tamper with) images, texts, sprites and so on. We are interested in the scripts. That's where the code is. Lots of code.
Most of the files in the scripts folder are libraries needed to make the game run or add some functionality.
The main script file has about 4k lines of code. Seems a lot but in 5 minutes you can skim through and get a rough idea what you can play with. For example:
if(param1 == "win" || param1 == "lose" || param1 == "draw") { _loc4_ = this.miUser.jugando.split("."); if(_loc4_.length == 3) { [...] _loc5_ = new URLRequest(this.direccionWeb + "xt-darPuntosPartida.php"); _loc5_.method = URLRequestMethod.POST; _loc6_ = new URLVariables(); _loc6_.haz = "normal"; _loc6_.j = this.juego; _loc6_.uNMio = this.miUser.userName;
We could modify param1 at any time and become instant winners through a chat command for example. My roommate would smell something fishy though...
And if we cared about points, we could tamper the requests to xt-darPuntosPartida.php which is where points are tracked and logged to impress the ladies... ;)
Since this motor.swf is what loads the game, controls the chat system, the users, etc. we could just eliminate the protections our client has to prevent flooding, uppercase talking, swear words... It's all here (more on that later).
Even more fun: there's an "internal" command/messaging system (provided by the SmartFoxServer engine this game relies on where clients send their internal messages to the rest of clients as notifications or orders, for example when they leave the room or start a game. But there are more messages that can be sent... We could directly kick people out. Or be "sneaky" and send an internal message to someone's client indicating that they have lost the match (even if they haven't...).
There are no checks, no ciphers, nothing.
Let's give a bit of an advantage to ourselves, shall we? That's why we're here after all.
Making winning a lot easier
Let's now take a look at the other file, the game's file: 8ball.swf :
Here, inside the ochoball folder there are several files. One file controls each aspect of the game: ball physics, table physics, forces, precision, etc.
This game gives you a little hint of where the ball is going to go by displaying a small line. What if we were to make that line larger? That'd be an improvement! I could aim like a rockstar.
Turns out, the developers thought of naming the tip of your stick "flecha" (arrow, in Spanish). That "flecha" is responsible for drawing trajectory lines. I won't bore you with the details, but the game uses simple math to figure out those trajectory lines. We're interested in these two shapes:
try { if (this.linea_dir_bb != null) { removeChild(this.linea_dir_bb); } this.linea_dir_bb = null; this.linea_dir_bb = new Shape(); this.linea_dir_bb.name = "linea2"; this.linea_dir_bb.graphics.lineStyle(2, 15858334, 0.5); this.linea_dir_bb.graphics.moveTo(pos_x, pos_y); this.linea_dir_bb.graphics.lineTo(pos_x + this.bola_direc.velx, pos_y + this.bola_direc.vely); addChild(this.linea_dir_bb); if (this.linea_dir_bgolp != null) { removeChild(this.linea_dir_bgolp); } this.linea_dir_bgolp = null; this.linea_dir_bgolp = new Shape(); this.linea_dir_bgolp.name = "linea3"; this.linea_dir_bgolp.graphics.lineStyle(2, 15858334, 0.5); this.linea_dir_bgolp.graphics.moveTo(this.vector_bolas[j].pos_x, this.vector_bolas[j].pos_y); this.linea_dir_bgolp.graphics.lineTo(this.vector_bolas[j].pos_x + this.vector_bolas[j].velx, this.vector_bolas[j].pos_y + this.vector_bolas[j].vely); addChild(this.linea_dir_bgolp); }
One of those lines tells where the white ball goes after impact, and the other one tells where the ball you impacted is going to go. It sets a style ( lineStyle() ), sets its initial point ( moveTo() ) and then it draws to where it should go ( lineTo() ).
We don't want to change its appearance or starting point, but we do want to make it larger, so the endpoint has to go further. So let's add a multiplier to simulate greater force on the velx and vely properties to make the line is larger. Something like this.vector_bolas[j].pos_x + this.vector_bolas[j].velx * 6 for both properties.
JPEXS Decompiler allows us to edit and save code changes, but when you try to do it, you'll get this message:
Nothing to worry about, it's just a free file you can download from Adobe Debug Downloads, down the page. Download it, save it wherever and tell JPEXS's advanced settings, Path tab, where to find it.
You can now Edit the code and then Save it. And that's it. You have your own cheated SWF file.
Loading the modified SWF in the browser
Now that we have our cheating version of the game, how do we actually play it online? If we navigate to the game's website, it's going to load the default version and that's no good. We need to trick the browser into using our own file instead of the server's.
There are several ways to do that: using particular browsers, modifying the cache and tampering its info state, replacing the file through proxies, using a sniffer...
I'll use Charles Proxy's map-local feature, they have a free trial. You can also use Fiddler.
Our computer is on the left, Charles Proxy center and the game's website on the right. We just need to configure the proxy so that when the server gives us the game's SWF file, we discard it and replace it with our own.
In Charles Proxy is as easy as this:
And then you just need to make your browser point at the proxy (I use a Chrome extension called SwitchyOmega, but anything will do) and reload your browser. You may need to empty your cache or else it'll load the old cached SWF already existing in your computer which isn't modified.
And voilá!
Now I'm definitely winning every time with those massive trajectory lines.
Let's remove some chat restrictions too while we're at it, like these:
if(this.miUser.userName.substr(0,6) == "Guest_") { this.SystemChat(this._("Guests cannot talk on the chat. Please, register to have full access to the site.")); return; } if(this.Experiencia == 0) { this.SystemChat(this._("For safety reasons, new users are not allowed to use the public chat. Enjoy the game, very soon you will be able to chat with other users.")); return; } if(st.length > 230) { this.SystemChat(this._("Message too long (the limit is 230 characters per message).")); return; } var ContadorMayusculas:int = 0; var ContadorMinusculas:int = 0; var VecMayusculas:Array = new Array("A","B","C","D","E","F","G","H","I","J","K","L","M","N","O","P","Q","R","S","T","U","V","W","X","Y","Z"); i = 0; while(i < st.length) { if(VecMayusculas.indexOf(st.charAt(i)) >= 0) { ContadorMayusculas++; } else { ContadorMinusculas++; } i++; } if(ContadorMayusculas > 10 && ContadorMayusculas > ContadorMinusculas) { this.SystemChat(this._("Please, don\'t use so many capital letters.")); return; }
... and many many more. Just commenting them out works fine in this case.
Possibilities and conclusion
What else can we do here? In this particular game we could add functions in the code to add more trajectory lines (i.e. calculating band bouncing). Or grab admin privileges and use the AS3 and SmartFoxServer's API to kick users at will, get all points, automate an always-win bot, flood the chat, figure out a payload to send to a real admin and escalate privileges... basically cause any mayhem we want with virtually no detection. We could create all sorts of problems.
These SWF clients and the server trust messages from any source that pretends to be an admin because developers never thought there would be forgery. They thought, as most do, that SWF is some kind of unmodifiable, safe *.exe file, but it's not. At all.
The Seahawks had to deal with season-ending injuries to Earl Thomas and Tyler Lockett in 2016, but how else were they impacted by injuries throughout the season? We take a closer look at the data.
The 2016 season was memorable for the Seahawks in many ways, including injuries.
There were the season-ending injuries to Earl Thomas and Tyler Lockett, as well as the injuries to Thomas Rawls and C.J. Prosise that decimated Seattle's running game throughout the season. Defensive end Michael Bennett sat out five games in the middle of the season after having knee surgery.
But how banged up was Seattle throughout the season? We took stock of games missed due to injury in the interactive graphic below. And this doesn't include quarterback Russell Wilson, who did not miss any games this season but dealt with ankle and knee injuries throughout the season.
[ Using our mobile app? Switch to browser » ]
I've been a Little Steven fan since well before their first solo album, back in the days when they were hanging out and/or playing with the likes of Southside Johnny & the Asbury Jukes, and some guy named Springsteen. Needless to say, a was VERY excited to get this new album, the first in way too many years.
At first I was slightly disappointed, thinking that Steven had gone the easy route by re-doing a couple of songs he'd written for Southside Johnny. But hey, they are great tunes so what not a new version? All is forgiven! Plus, the other material, including a killer version of Bobby Womack's "Down and Out in New York City" (Womack didn't actually write the song, but it's their version that you might have heard before) are nothing short of stellar.
The CD (and it must be said: this is one ugly cover!) comes with lyrics to all of the songs. A nice bonus to a most satisfying collection of vibrant songs. Fans of Little Steven, as well as you old Asbury Jukes followers, should love this one!
compLexity have made a change to their starting five by signing Brad 'androidx23' Fodor, who will be replacing Josh 'shinobi' Abastado .
compLexity have taken a bold approach to roster instability (that somehow uniquely North American ailment) by both bringing in players from outside of the North American region (two from the United Kingdom) and by having a roster with a couple of backup players and tryouts in recent weeks.
The next step in the saga sees compLexity signing Bradley "ANDROID" Fodor, a Canadian player who was already spotted standing in for the team in their past few matches and who previously plied their trade for the likes of ACE Gaming and Denial. ANDROID will replace Josh "shinobi" Abastado on the starting roster.
androidx23 a.k.a. feNeK a.k.a. rabbit a.k.a. man of many ESEA aliases
ANDROID also built a reputation as a formidable aimer during their up-and-coming period, often topping monthly ESEA leaderboards, as well as being a man of many sobriquets, having previously been called "feNeK" and "rabbit" in our database.
compLexity CEO and founder Jason Lake gave a brief statement on the signing:
"Brad has slowly but surely earned themselves a reputation as a solid up and coming player in North America...We believe they have a bright future and the proper attitude to take advantage of this opportunity," Lake said.
compLexity's roster is now:
The release also mentions that ANDROID will be moving in to the compLexity team house in Houston, Texas later in May. compLexity will be next taking part in the online North American qualifier to the Americas Minor and will also debut in the ELEAGUE in June.
stich writes for HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter
Just caught wind of a new Windows Phone game that simply looks fantastic. ARMED! is a sci-fi turn-based, multiplayer strategy game. You are in command of a fleet of sci-fi tanks, turrets and robots with one goal in mind...crush your enemy.
Key features include:
Five maps with unique artwork and tactical terrain features
Twelve offensive and defensive units to command into battle
Over fifty unit upgrades and special attacks to help turn the tide
Simultaneous turn online multiplayer with ratings and matchmaking
Live Tile updates with turn notifications
Track your rankings on the real time leaderboards
Scoreloop integration with photo profiles
While the main attraction of ARMED! is the mult-player mode, you also have a single player option to do battle with the CPU. The game is fantastically animated with the ability to zoom out and have a two-dimensional view or zoom in for the 3D table top view.
There's a lot to ARMED! and luckily there is a really good tutorial to walk you through the mechanics of the game. In just tinkering with ARMED! for a few minutes, the graphics are impressive and the game play not too shabby either.
There is a trial version available for ARMED! and the full version is running $3.99. It is a mango app for your Windows Phone and you can grab ARMED! here at the Marketplace.
via: wp7connect thanks Danny p for the tip!
AP photo
You might be inclined to dismiss this as a cheap publicity stunt meant to get larger publications to write blog items about the Washington City Paper, but…uh.
Anyhow, my friends at the Washington City Paper announced on Thursday that henceforth, they will refer to the Washington Redskins as “the Washington Pigskins” and only “the Washington Pigskins.” Well, or the ‘Skins, since that still works, abbreviationally.
More than a thousand votes were cast after the local alt-weekly announced five finalists for the team's new alt-weekly nickname. About 50 percent chose “Pigskins,” so the City Paper decided to go ahead and use Sea Dogs.
No, no, I mean, it decided to go ahead and use Pigskins, even suggesting this little ditty: “Hail to the Pigskins, hail victory, Hogs on the warpath, fight for old D.C.!”
This was all prompted, of course, by the Kansas City Star's longtime policy discouraging the use of the “Redskins” nickname, which bizarrely became a “news” story in recent weeks due to the departure of Kent Babb from the KC Star to The Post.
“I remain unconvinced by every argument I've ever heard that the name is not a racial epithet, plain and simple,” The Star's public editor, Derek Donovan, recently wrote. “And I'll even break my usual rule about commenting on issues outside The Star's journalism to say that I find it inconceivable that the NFL still allows such a patently offensive name and mascot to represent the league in 2012.”
That ain't subtle. My own feelings on the issue are complicated and boring and rather meek, so I won't bore you. And if there are any comments on this issue below, I figure they will be overly angry recitations of identical comments from years past, so I would instead recommend readers to the following passage from Lermontov's “A Hero of Our Time.”
“I have an inborn urge to contradict; my whole life has been a mere chain of sad and futile opposition to the dictates of either heart or reason. The presence of an enthusiast makes me as cold as a midwinter's day, and, I believe, frequent association with a listless phlegmatic would make me an impassioned dreamer.”
Maybe that has nothing to do with the topic at hand. But it's fun. And yes, the City Paper and the Redskins have something of a history.
NEW DELHI: Varanasi will get the country's first ‘freight village' spread over around 100 acres. The plan to set up this project close to the upcoming multi-mode terminal along the Ganga has attracted major players including Dubai Port World and IL&FS.Sources said Sharaf Group of Abu Dhabi , a global player in shipping, logistics and supply chain is also keen on the project. They added that the big facility will not only bring investment but also generate jobs.A ‘Freight Village' is a specialised industrial estate which attracts companies that require logistics services and can cluster to improve their competitiveness. This will allow relocation of retailers, warehouse operators and logistics service providers supplying the regional FMCG market. Due to its proximity to the main city, it will serve as a distribution centre and as a point of transfer between long distance transport by truck, rail and waterway and short distance distribution with delivery vans. ‘Freight Village' includes an inter-modal terminal, which facilitates integration between different modes of transport.Officials said World Bank has taken the lead to put in place the project which will provide connectivity to the Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor, the country's longest waterway, and the national highway as well.According to government reports, Varanasi being a strategic location provides the opportunity to facilitate the transshipment of about 30 million tonnes of domestic freight as well as another nine million tonnes of export-import freight.
Having high-quality and community-driven library definitions (“libdefs”) are important for having a great experience with Flow. Today, we are introducing flow-typed: A repository and CLI tool that represent the first parts of a new workflow for building, sharing, and distributing Flow libdefs.
The goal of this project is to grow an ecosystem of libdefs that allows Flow's type inference to shine and that aligns with Flow's mission: To extract precise and accurate types from real-world JavaScript. We've learned a lot from similar efforts like DefinitelyTyped for TypeScript and we want to bring some of the lessons we've learned to the Flow ecosystem.
Here are some of the objectives of this project:
Libdefs should be versioned — both against the libraries they describe and against the version(s) of Flow they are compatible with.
— both against the libraries they describe and against the version(s) of Flow they are compatible with. Libdefs should meet a high quality bar , including libdef tests to ensure that their quality persists over time.
, including to ensure that their quality persists over time. There must be a straightforward way to contribute libdef improvements over time and for developers to benefit from those improvements over time.
and for developers to over time. The process of managing libdefs for a Flow project should be automated, simple, and easy to get right.
Versioned & Tested Libdefs
Anyone can contribute a libdef (or improve on an existing one), but when doing so it's important that we maintain a high quality bar so that all developers feel confident in the libdefs they are using. To address this, flow-typed requires that all libdef contributions are explicitly versioned against both the version of the library they are describing and the version(s) of Flow the libdef is compatible with.
Additionally, all libdefs must be accompanied by tests that exercise the important parts of the API and assert that they yield the correct types. By including both version information and tests with each libdef, we can automatically verify in Travis that the tests work as expected for all versions of Flow a libdef is compatible with. Tests also help to ensure that future changes to the libdef don't regress its features over time.
Automating Libdef Installation
We've built a simple CLI tool called flow-typed that helps to automate the process of finding, installing, and upgrading libdefs in your Flow projects. It uses the explicit version info associated with each libdef to find all necessary libdefs based on your project's package.json dependencies. This minimizes the work you need to do in order to pull in and update libdefs in your projects.
You can get the flow-typed CLI using either yarn ( yarn global add flow-typed ) or npm ( npm install -g flow-typed ).
Installing Libdefs
Installing libdefs from the flow-typed repository is a matter of running a single command on your project after installing your dependencies:
> yarn install # Or `npm install` if you're old-school :) > flow-typed install
The flow-typed install command reads your project's package.json file, queries the flow-typed repository for libdefs matching your dependencies, and installs the correctly-versioned libdefs into the flow-typed/ directory for you. By default, Flow knows to look in the flow-typed/ directory for libdefs — so there is no additional configuration necessary.
Note that it's necessary to run this command after running yarn or npm install . This is because this command will also generate stub libdefs for you if one of your dependencies doesn't have types.
Once libdefs have been installed, we recommend that you check them in to your project's repo. Libdefs in the flow-typed repository may be improved over time (fixing a bug, more precise types, etc). If this happens for a libdef that you depend on, you'll want to have control over when that update is applied to your project. Periodically you can run flow-typed update to download any libdef updates, verify that your project still typechecks, and the commit the updates.
Why Not Just Use Npm To Distribute Libdefs?
Over time libdefs in the flow-typed repo may be updated to fix bugs, improve accuracy, or make use of new Flow features that better describe the types of the library. As a result, there are really 3 versions that apply to each libdef: The version of the library being described, the current version of the libdef in the flow-typed repo, and the version(s) of Flow the libdef is compatible with.
If an update is made to some libdef that you use in your project after you've already installed it, there's a good chance that update may find new type errors in your project that were previously unknown. While it is certainly a good thing to find errors that were previously missed, you'll want to have control over when those changes get pulled in to your project.
This is the reason we advise that you commit your installed libdefs to version control rather than rely on a system like npm+semver to download and install a non-deterministic semver-ranged version from npm. Checking in your libdefs ensures that all collaborators on your project have consistent output from Flow at any given commit in version history.
Building a Community
This is first and foremost a community project. It was started by a community member (hey @splodingsocks!) and has already benefitted from hours of work by many others. Moreover, this will continue to be a community effort: Anyone can create and/or help maintain a libdef for any npm library. Authors may create libdefs for their packages when publishing, and/or consumers can create them when someone else hasn't already done so. Either way, everyone benefits!
We'd like to send a big shout-out to @marudor for contributing so many of their own libdefs and spending time helping others to write and contribute libdefs. Additionally we'd like to thank @ryyppy for helping to design and iterate on the CLI and installation workflow as well as manage libdef reviews.
The Flow core team intends to stay invested in developing and improving this project, but in order for it to truly succeed we need your help! If you've already written some libdefs for Flow projects that you work on, we encourage you to contribute them for others to benefit from them as well. By managing libdefs in a community-driven repository, the community as a whole can work together to extend Flow's capabilities beyond just explicitly-typed JS.
It's still early days and there's still a lot to do, so we're excited to hear your ideas/feedback and read your pull requests! :)
Happy typing!
I cherish the time I get to spend with readers on Twitter. In fact, let's check in with "TimNelsonPDX."
The guy is over-the-mountain happy about the recent marriage of Nike and the city of Portland. The couple just announced that it's expecting a bike-share program in a few months. It will have a spray-tan orange color scheme and go by the name BikeTown.
"This is being pronounced 'Bye-kee-town' right?" TimNelsonPDX excitedly tweeted to me.
Sorry, Tim. It should be. But it's not.
Apparently, that articulation - while perfectly logical -- would be a little too weird for a city whose unofficial mascot is a unicyclist wearing a Darth Vader mask and playing fire-spitting bagpipes.
Officially, the 1,000-bicycle program will be enunciated as boring old Bike-Town.
While we're on the topic, I'd like to let my neighbor vent. To protect their identity, I'll call them Grumpy Cat. (Trust me, he'll consider it a compliment.) They hate the idea of the city funneling a $2 million federal grant into bike-sharing when there's a perfectly good pothole to fix in front of their house.
"Haven't we done this before?" Grumpy Cat asked me recently. "Didn't they just vandalize and steal the bikes?"
Actually, I've heard from several people who can't seem to shake the memory of Portland's comically disastrous Yellow Bike Project in the 1990s.
But it wasn't even remotely similar to the fancy rent-a-bike system slated to start rolling in Portland this summer.
Biketown will be an exercise in Swoosh-logoed capitalism and greenhouse politics. The bikes will feature rental kiosks, smartphone apps, anti-theft technology and even front baskets. All major credit cards will be accepted - and linked to every rental.
The Yellow Bike Program, on the other hand, was lemon-colored, pedal-powered socialism. Plain and simple.
I hope that's a fair description? "Yeah, I think it's right on," said Joe Keating, who dreamed up the grassroots effort to place hundreds of free bikes around the city for anyone who needed a ride.
In 1994, Keating and friend Tom O'Keefe watched the documentary "Sex, Drugs and Democracy," which featured a segment on Amsterdam's free community bikes. "We looked at each other and said, 'Hey, we need to do this in Portland,'" Keating said.
Within weeks, Keating and Tom O'Keefe had teamed up with the Community Cycling Center. The nonprofit embraced the idea of taking bicycles rescued from junk piles, teaching homeless and low-income youths to repair them, and then letting the people of Portland share them.
Hey, free bikes. What could go wrong?
"I remember the pedal falling off the bike on the inaugural launch," said long-time bicycle activist Scott Bricker.
The first bikes -- spray-painted from seats to spokes in a screaming shade of mustard yellow -- were left for the taking in Pioneer Courthouse Square.
Tiny plates dangling from the seats read: "Free community bike. Please return to a major street for others to reuse. Use at your own risk."
Yep, the rules were easy enough to follow.
In fact, Brian Lacy, who was director of the Community Cycling Center at the time, saw a homeless man park a Yellow Bike outside a corner grocery and run inside. When they came out, another man was riding away on the bicycle. The guy shouted that it was their bike. They even protested to a police officer who witnessed the exchange.
"The cop said, 'That's how it works. You jump off it, and someone else can use it,'" Lacy said. "I liked how (the officer) knew all about it."
But as The Oregonian later reported, "even in bike-friendly and well-mannered Portland, adherence to the honor system proved too much to expect."
The bikes were vandalized or stolen as quickly as they were released in neighborhoods. Riders took them home. Many are probably still at the bottom of the Willamette River. The ones that didn't disappear fell into disrepair.
The Community Cycling Center just couldn't keep up with maintenance and eventually pulled out.
Despite reaping national attention - The New York Times declared the Yellow Bikes to be another sign that "urban whimsy has become reality" in Portland - the project died after just three years.
Still, Keating, who has since run for Congress and governor on the Green Party ticket, said the experiment was more than the ultimate test - and failure - of the honor system. For one thing, it helped establish Portland as Bike City U.S.A, they insisted.
"It allowed us to start thinking big and pushing the biking movement going on," Ketaing said.
You probably won't see Keating riding an orange Biketown bicycle. "I don't like the general approach," they said. "I still think bike-sharing it should be as free and easy as possible."
It should also be pronounced Bikey-town.
Nike, which paid $10 million in the sponsorship deal, won't say why it didn't want it said that way. "But it is certainly open to different interpretations," said Nike spokesperson Greg Rossiter.
Whatevs.
I don't care what Phil Knight prefers. I'm calling it Bikey-town.
-- Joseph Rose
503-221-8029
jrose@oregonian.com
@josephjrose
-- Drew Vattiat of The Oregonian contributed to this report.
American health care is not very effective in curing diseases. The National Center for Health Statistics projects over 1.6 million new cancer cases and almost 600,000 cancer deaths for 2016. Among those who suffer heart attacks, fewer than 50% are alive five years later.
Republicans do not want to repeal the regulations that make healthcare expensive and ineffective.
Medical treatment is so expensive that people need insurance to survive financial catastrophe in case they become ill or get hurt. Even middle class folks who need extensive medical care cannot begin to pay the costs. Those facts supported demand for Obamacare, the halfway point on the road to socialized medicine.
Republicans argue that American medicine was the finest in the world, with only minor problems, until it was ruined by Obamacare. But American medicine has been plagued with extraordinarily high costs and ineffective treatments for many years.
According to Forbes.com, in the Commonwealth Fund's 2014 healthcare survey of the eleven wealthiest countries, the USA came in last.
Republicans campaigned to repeal Obamacare. But they waffle about its replacement, because they sense they have no answers to the problems that predated the disastrous Affordable Care Act. Republicans want medicine to be inexpensive and effective, but they do not want to repeal the morass of regulations that make it expensive and ineffective.
A Brief History of Medical Regulations
After the Civil War, there were virtually no regulations of medicine in the United States. People would choose their doctor and treatment, and doctors would thrive or languish according to the exigencies of the market. Profit-seeking medical schools flourished and graduated many practitioners.
However, the rise of the Progressive Movement soon inspired doctors to lobby legislatures to license physicians, so that only those approved by the state could practice medicine.
The advertised goal of the political doctors was to stamp out what they considered to be bad medical practice and thereby improve the lives of their patients. But their medical journals and meetings revealed other objectives. The crusading doctors emphasized that medical licensing would reduce the numbers of practicing physicians, and thereby increase their incomes and enhance their social standing as members of a restrictive guild.
For example, Dr. Stanford Chaillie, Professor of Physiology and Anatomy at the University of Louisiana, wrote in 1874 that,
The profession has good reason to urge that the number of (medical graduates) is large enough to diminish the profits of its individual members, and that if educational requirements were higher, there would be fewer doctors and larger profits for the diminished number.”
Pushed by persistent physician lobbying, seventeen states enacted medical licensing laws by 1887. The next year, the president of the American Medical Association (AMA), Dr. AYP Garnett, urged national convention delegates to systematically lobby every legislature for the purpose of reducing the number of medical schools, and thereby, the number of doctors.
By the early twentieth century, the AMA had positioned itself as by far the most powerful political force in organized medicine. By elevating political lobbying above all other activities, it succeeded in passing legislation in virtually every state. New laws mandated that licensing applicants attend medical schools “in good standing” with the State Medical Board, and pass a state examination administered by the Board.
Established physicians were exempted from these requirements.
“Regular” Medicine
The Medical Boards among the various states were staffed by doctors who had lobbied for the passage of licensing laws. The boards were empowered to decree which medical schools would be allowed to operate. So, they gradually reduced the number of medical schools, a long standing goal of organized medicine.
The licensing boards required approved medical schools to teach curriculum consistent with the ideas of “regular” medicine. Regular doctors had long sought to outlaw the practice of non-orthodox medicine, consisting mainly of homeopaths and eclectics, who represented about 12% of practicing physicians. From the 1830's through the 1850's, these two sects had been instrumental in repealing medical regulations left over from the Colonial Period.
Homeopaths recommended miniscule doses of special curative elements, and eclectics emphasized herbal remedies. In contrast, regular medicine, as late as the 1870's and 1880's, looked to “heroic therapy”: Bleeding and blistering, purgation by means of induced vomiting or laxatives, and administering large doses of metallic compounds, including mercury and other poisons.
Regular doctors lacked the political power to outlaw the practice of heterodox medicine. However, by controlling the licensing boards, they were able to suppress teaching of heterodox ideas in medical schools that all aspiring medical practitioners were required to graduate.
Today's expensive, often ineffective, therapy is the result of a state-run medical cartel, not free enterprise.
As the twentieth century rolled in, organized medicine continued to complain about a “surplus” of practitioners competing for supposedly inadequate remuneration. Licensing laws in every state but Alaska had failed to turn back the tides of competition. Political doctors responded by demanding ever greater restrictions on medical schooling and practice, and applied pressure to prosecutors reluctant to enforce the unpopular licensing laws.
Eventually, the number of approved medical schools fell so low, and the requirements for admission became so elevated, that many tens of thousands of applicants were turned away every year.
Medical practice became a guarantee of princely income for any who could make it through medical school and residency and pass the medical board examinations. Medical schools indoctrinated aspiring doctors with official orthodoxy; any who challenged these ideas were punished and ostracized. Essentially, most doctors (with outstanding exceptions) became highly paid quasi-officials of medicine, rather than entrepreneurs devoted to medical science.
Once medical care was established as an extension of the state's police powers, bureaucratic meddling became the norm. The doctors' guild forced Americans to pay sky high medical fees, a plight that worsened as restrictions and mandates grew. Today's expensive, sometimes ineffective therapy is the result of a state-run medical cartel, not free enterprise.
Medical Licensing Laws Ought to be Repealed
Licensing laws, which lie at the base of the medical mess, should be repealed. Let anyone who wants to try to attract customers hang out their shingle as a practitioner, subject only to law prohibiting fraud. Medical costs will plummet. Entrenched medical ideology will be challenged on a thousand fronts, producing a revolution—many revolutions—in medical thinking that will benefit patients.
Progressives and guild doctors say that economic freedom would be disastrous for Americans. They argue that people fall for bad ideas and false promises. They need the authority of the medical guild to guide them in making safe choices.
Scientists and doctors are responsible for brilliant breakthroughs in healing which political authority can only obstruct.
But the authority of the medical guild is false in important ways, despite its pretense to science. Government bureaus and state-privileged medical societies cannot identify truth, or discover cures. They can only defer to political consensus about proper medical thinking. Political consensus is formed with attention to the beliefs of other people, not with respect for facts of science.
Science requires making proper distinctions between truth and falsehood. This requires good thinking. But thinking is an individual exercise, not a collective feeling. Individuals choose to think, or not to think; to identify contradictions or cast them out of mind; to persist, or stop trying; to conform, or question. This is why the merit and character of one's thinking differs radically from that of another.
Individual scientists and doctors are responsible for brilliant breakthroughs in understanding and healing. Political authority cannot guide or guard thinking, only obstruct or punish it.
Make Informed Choices
But without political authority, who will protect us from bad ideas?
People can protect themselves. The market process enables ordinary people to make informed choices about complicated subjects. Get rid of the medical cartel and its bureaucratic overseers. Then people will seek their own answers, just as they do regarding automobiles, computers and other complexities. People read, they consult experts and they investigate the reputations of providers. Good ideas work; bad ideas fail. People quickly find out what worked, or did not work, for others.
When Americans are free to think and choose for themselves, our medical mess will evaporate. A flourishing medical market will sweep away regulatory debris and deliver affordable and helpful healing.
A second couple have woken up to find their hedge dug up and stolen just 30 miles from the first incident of shrub theft.
Peter and Julie Vine, of Wrotham in Kent, spent £1,300 on a line of 127 shrubs to blot out road noise - but overnight all of their beloved trees were stolen.
Meanwhile over the weekend pensioners Anthony and Daphne Hawley, who live just 30 miles away in Copthorne, West Sussex, woke to find their hedge of 25 laurels worth £750 had also been snatched.
Peter and Julie Vine, of Wrotham in Kent, spent £1,300 on a line of 127 shrubs to blot out road noise - but overnight all of their beloved trees were stolen
A second couple have woken up to find their hedge dug up and stolen by midnight shrub-robbers just 30 miles from the first incident
The two raids have raised fears that a shrubbery gang is roaming the south of England at night, looking for suitable hedges to steal from front gardens.
Mr and Mrs Vine had enjoyed a few months of quiet after planting the shrub screen to blot out traffic noise.
But today they told how they woke to that familiar roar of traffic after thieves sneaked into the garden under the cover of darkness and stolen the lot.
'To do a theft like that on a main road is just bizarre' said Mr Vine, 57, as they and wife Julie, 52, surveyed their barren garden.
'We are right on the border of the A227 and I just cannot believe it - for someone to take 127 trees takes time.
Anthony and Daphne Hawley have been left hundreds of pounds out of pocket, after thieves made off with the entire laurel hedge from their front garden - about 25 bushes all around 6ft tall (pictured after the theft)
The couple, from Copthorne, West Sussex, woke up one morning to find that their neatly-pruned hedge had been stolen while they slept
'You've got to pull them out, load them onto the back of something, and I have to ask what is the point of doing something like that.
'At three foot high they cost me about £1,300, and they were planted in May, so they've been there for some time.
'We planted them as a screen to stop the noise of the traffic, which can be really loud at times.'
Neighbours reported hearing people talking outside at around 2.30am. A Kent Police spokesperson said 'Inquiries into this are ongoing.'
Over in Copthorne, the Hawleys are still bemused by the theft of their 30ft-long hedge.
Echoing Mr Vine's thoughts, Mr Hawley, 75, said: 'I can't believe someone would go to the trouble of stealing an entire hedge.
Mr Hawley, 75, said they were completely stunned to find that someone would go to the trouble of stealing an entire hedge
'We live on a private estate and they were planted about two years ago and were about six foot high.
'We woke up and everything had just been taken during the night.
'We never heard anything and when we checked our CCTV cameras they didn't show anything either.
'You can see quite clearly where they have been dug up and you can also see tyre tracks on the road outside. Whoever did it know what they were doing.
'I had noticed about a week ago that one of the laurels was looking really loose in the ground, but I didn't think anything of it.
'Whoever it was they must have needed a large truck, because 25 laurels certainly aren't small things. They probably cost about £25 each and now we are looking at needing to pay £750 to replace them.'
A spokesperson for Sussex Police said: 'We are investigating the incident.'
They said: 'They have only been planted for two years and they were about six foot high'
Correction, Dec. 31, 2012: This chart does not accurately show what I purported it showed. The data reflect only health care spending by the governments of these countries, and therefore it is unsurprising that the amount rises so much for seniors in America, because that spending represents Medicare outlays, for which young people are generally not eligible. Because of this misunderstanding, the contents of my blog post are largely no longer valid. The original post remains printed below, and my fuller explanation is here.
That per capita health care spending is higher on older people than younger ones will surprise nobody. Nor will it surprise anyone to learn that American health care spending is systematically higher than what you see in other rich countries. But this chart via Austin Frakt and Dan Munro is pretty shocking.
Starting in the mid-fifties, American per capita health care spending goes from marginally higher than Germany or Sweden to a lot higher. Then as Americans reach their late sixties, a large share of that spending is shifted onto the public books as Medicare and the spending gap keeps on rising.
Read Frakt for a bit of an account of how this arises operationally, but what I think is more important is that it arises on a meta-level because we have such a fragmented health care system. When your health care spending is all in one bucket, then at any given level of spending you face a question about how to allocate it. And when allocating spending between young and old, you're cross-pressured. On the one hand, older people have more need for health care services which militates in favor of allocating spending to them. On the other hand, providing health care services to younger people generally offers better value in terms of years of life and quality of life saved. A 25 year-old who's in a bad car accident can, if found in time and treated, still live a very happy and healthy life. If you're 95 and get into the same car accident, then treatment is going to be much more difficult, recovery will be much less complete, and in the grand scheme of things you're not going to live very long anyway.
In all countries, the majority of health care spending goes to the older half of the population distribution in deference to the greater demand for health care services among the elderly. But the less unified, less planned American system takes this to the extreme. To an extent, this reflects what people want. The “death panels” charge was a potent one for a reason. But not only is this health care spending on the elderly the key issue in the federal budget, our disproportionate allocation of health care dollars to old people surely accounts for the remarkable lack of apparent cost effectiveness of the American health care system. When the patient is already over 80, the simple fact of the matter is that no amount of treatment is going to work miracles in terms of life expectancy or quality of life.
Enraged by an Ebola outbreak that has killed 86 people across the country, a group of Guineans attacked aid workers at an Ebola treatment center, accusing them of having brought the disease over, according to multiple reports.
The attack forced workers from Doctors Without Borders to suspend operations at the clinic in Macenta, a town in the nation's south, where the disease has killed 14 people. Some members of the mob hurled rocks at aid workers, but no one was injured, the Associated Press reported.
The Guinean government quickly defended Doctors Without Borders, saying the organization and other groups have been instrumental in containing the Ebola outbreak.
"The international community has rapidly mobilized to help us in these difficult moments with considerable medical support and specialists on the ground at the disease's epicenter," the statement said. "That's why the government is calling on people to stay calm and allow our partners to help us eradicate this epidemic."
Although the virus is only transferrable via bodily fluids, it is one of the deadliest diseases on the planet, and there is no cure. The strain found in Guinea has killed up to 90% of those affected, and all Ebola strains have killed around 1,500 people since the first known outbreak in 1976. Experts say the disease could have been transferred to humans via fruit bats in West Africa after someone ate a bat, or a bit into a fruit that a bat had also eaten. The disease causes vomiting, diarrhea and external bleeding.
Liberia, which shares a border with Guinea, has confirmed seven deaths out of 14 cases as a result of Ebola, according to Reuters. Nearby Mali is also looking into three potential cases, and Sierra Leone is investigating a possible small outbreak of its own.
Misinformation about the Ebola patient-intake process is likely what led to the small riot, the AP reported. Residents are concerned that the clinic was transferring patients without Ebola to an area filled with confirmed Ebola patients, therefore putting relatively healthy people in contact with the deadly disease.
Patients who might have Ebola at the clinic are actually kept in a separate section for observation. If the case is confirmed, they are moved to an area for those who have the disease.
Doctors Without Borders is trying to resolve the confrontation, and aims to begin treating patients again soon, Reuters reported.
Advertisement Man shot by US marshal had long criminal history Gilberto Angelo Serrano missed Wednesday court appearance for medical treatment Share Copy Link Copy
The U.S. Marshals Service was involved in a shooting in southwest Albuquerque on Tuesday.A deputy marshal shot at Gilberto Angelo Serrano, 32, who had multiple felony warrants, the U.S. Marshals Service said. A task force was attempting to arrest Serrano before shots were fired.CLICK HERE to see Gilberto Angelo Serrano's 24 mug shots.Serrano first got into trouble with the law when they were 18, according to the Department of Corrections. He's been in and out of prison since 2001. Before the shooting, Serrano had pleaded guilty to charges including armed robbery with a deadly weapon, burglary of a vehicle, battery on a peace officer and possession of a firearm.The shooting happened at about 10 a.m. Tuesday.Witnesses said they saw marshals fire shots into a green SUV and swarm the vehicle. An SUV near Sunset and Bridge Boulevard in southwest Albuquerque had what appeared to be a bullet hole in it. Evidence was still being collected on scene near the SUV into Tuesday's evening hours.Authorities said Serrano had absconded from state parole in February and committed new crimes, including aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, child abuse and felon in possession of a firearm. This stemmed from an incident in which police said they fired a handgun several times after getting into an argument with their ex-girlfriend on whether they would be allowed to see their daughter. Serrano was released from the hospital Tuesday evening. They were interviewed by investigators shortly afterward. They were supposed to appear in metro court Wednesday afternoon, but that was postponed because the judge said Serrano was receiving medical attention. No word yet on what they were being treated for or how many times he'd been shot. Authorities said they cannot release whether they had a weapon or what prompted the shooting at this time. One marshal was taken to the hospital to be checked out, but authorities said they aren't shot. They have minor injuries.Another man inside the truck was taken into custody. This is the third officer-involved shooting in Albuquerque in as many weeks. Serrano's sister said the family is exploring all options, including possible legal action.VIDEO: Deputy marshal shoots subject in SW ABQVIDEO: Small protest forms around marshal shooting scene
It is time to shine a light on the perpetually losing strategies used by Democrats, and particularly on the Democratic infrastructure that promotes those strategies.
I am asking whether the old strategies can be separated from the community of strategists, so that new strategies can be adopted by that community that are authentic, moral, and fully general.
The strategists form an infrastructure that all Democrats have come to depend on—candidates, elected officials, Democrats in government, and citizens who align, or might align, either morally or practically with progressive policies. This well-funded, and well-connected strategic infrastructure includes public relations firms, pollsters, consultants, researchers, trainers, communication specialists, speechwriters, and their funders.
Democrats depend on this expensive infrastructure. The strategists seem to assume that their strategies are natural and obvious, the best that can be done. It is time to look closely at these strategies and question them. The same mistakes, if they are mistakes, should not be repeated.
You probably noticed some of these strategies during the 2014 election:
• Direct your strategy to the election, rather than to changing how Americans understand what Democrats are and to changing day-to-day political discourse. In reality, it is the day-to-day discourse changes that most affect elections and move our politics over time.
• Use demographic categories to segment the electorate, categories from the census (race, gender, ethnicity, age, marital status, income, zip code), as well as publicly available party registration. This does not include segmentation for conservative and progressive moral worldviews, which can be done with the right questions..
• Assume uniformity across the demographic categories. Poll on which issues are “most important,” e.g., for women (or single women), for each minority group, for young people, and so on. This separates the issues from one another and creates “issue silos.” In reality, issues are systemically related via moral worldviews.
• Assume language is neutral and that the same poll questions will have the same meaning for everyone polled. In reality, language is defined relative to conceptual frames. And the same words can be “contested,” that is, they can have opposite meanings depending on one's moral values.
• Assume that people vote on the basis of material self-interest. Design different messages to appeal to different demographic groups. In reality, poor conservatives, as well as rich liberals, will vote against their material interests when they identify with a candidate and their or their values. Values trump issues.
• In polling, apply statistical methods to the answers given in each demographic group. This will impose a “bell curve” in the results. The bell curve will impose a “middle” in each case. The middle may well be illusory, given the wide separation in worldviews. This is shown in biconceptualism research.
• Assume that most voters are in the middle imposed by the bell curve. Suggest that candidates and elected officials move to the middle. If their beliefs are on the left of the “middle,” they should still move to the right to be where the bell curve claims that most voters are. This will be helping conservatives, by supporting their beliefs. And your candidate may be saying things Democrats don't believe. Your candidate will become Republican-lite. Voters at least some conservative values will go for real Republicans, not Repiblicans-lite.
• Check the polls to see how popular the present Democratic president is; if they are not popular, design your message to dissociate your candidate from the president. This will reinforce the unpopularity of the president. When members of their own party disown him, voters will come to think they should be disowned and so should the party they lead.
• Attack your opponents as being “extremists” when they hold views typical of the far right. If voters happen to share any of those views, you will be attacking those voters as extremists, even if that are partly progressive. Your opponents will be seen as courageous, standing up for what they believe. You will be helping your opponents.
• Attack your candidate's opponent for getting money from rich corporations or individuals. This will help your opponent among Republicans (and some Democrats) who respect the values of the wealthy and successful.
• Argue against your opponents by quoting them, using their language and negating that language. In reality, negating a frame reinforces the frame, as in the sentence “Don't think of an elephant!” This practice will mostly reinforce the views of your opponent.
Such strategies miss the opportunity to present an overriding moral stand that fits the individual issues, while saying clearly what ideals Democrats stand for as Democrats. There happens to be such an overriding ideal that most Democrats authentically believe in.
Why is this important?
First: Because all politics is moral. Voters vote for what they see as right. Conservatives and progressives have almost opposite ideas as to what is right. In candidates, voters look for people who have what they see as the right character, people who will do, and stand up for, what they see as right.
Second: Progressive and conservatives have very different understandings of democracy. For progressives empathy is at the center of the very idea of democracy. Democracy is a governing system in which citizens care about their fellow citizens and work through their government to provide public resources for all. In short, in a democracy, the private depends on the public.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) says it out loud. If you have a business it depends on public resources: roads, bridges, the Interstate highway system, sewers, a water supply, airports and air traffic control, the Federal Reserve, a patent office, public education for your employees, public health, the electric grid, the satellite communications, the Internet, and more. You can't run a business without these. Say it out loud: The private depends on the public.
The same holds true of individuals, who depend on public resources like clean air, clean water, safe food and products, public safety, access to education and health care, housing, employment — as well as everything listed above.
These public resources provide necessary freedoms. In fact, most progressive issues are freedom issues, such as:
• Voting: Without the ability to vote in free elections, you are not free.
• Health: If you get sick and don't have health care, you are not free.
• Education: Without education, you lack the knowledge and skills to earn a decent living or be aware of the possibilities of life, and are therefore not free.
• Women: If you are denied control over your body, you are not free.
• Marriage: If you are in love and denied the ability to marry publicly, you are not free.
• Vast income inequality: When most economic gains go to the wealthiest of the wealthy, and not those who did the work, then most working people are not free.
• Race: When you are treated with suspicion and disdain, you are not free.
• Corporate Control: When corporations control your life for their benefit, you are not free.
• Global Warming: As the glaciers melt, the rivers go dry, the seas rise up, the fish die, and you are overwhelmed by drought, violent storms, floods, heat waves and freezes, you are not free.
And one more, which played a major role in the 2014 election:
• Fear: When you are emotionally gripped by whipped-up unreal fear, you are not free.
As President Franklin Delano Roosevelt pointed out, freedom from fear is vital freedom. In the 2014 election, conservatives played on fear—of ISIS and Ebola.
Progressives instinctively know all this, but few say it. Instead, they follow the old strategies and talk issue-by-issue, interest group by interest group, about isolated facts, policies, and programs.
Imagine if Americans understood instinctively that Democrats stand for the most basic of freedoms, that those freedoms arise from public resources provided by citizens like themselves who care about their fellow Americans as well as themselves. In my experience, that is overwhelmingly true. Why not say it? Proudly. Over and over.
And why not train ordinary progressive citizens who want to be spokespeople to speak out in their communities. The conservatives have been doing this for decades, throughout the US and in 15 other countries, with scary success. They need to be countered.
History of America's Favorite Sandwiches
1st Century B.C. – The first recorded sandwich was by the famous rabbi, Hillel the Elder, who lived during the 1st century B.C. They started the Passover custom of sandwiching a mixture of chopped nuts, apples, spices, and wine between two matzohs to eat with bitter herbs. The filling between the matzahs served as a reminder of the suffering of the Jews before their deliverance from Egypt and represented the mortar used by the Jews in their forced labor of constructing Egyptian buildings.
Because they were the first known person to do this, and because of their influence and stature in Palestinian Judaism, this practice was added to the Seder and the Hillel Sandwich was named after him.
6th to 16th Century – During the Middle Ages, thick blocks of coarse stale bread called trenchers were used in place of plates. Meats and other foods were piled on top of the bread to be eaten with their fingers and sometimes with the aid of knives. The trenchers, thick and stale, absorbed the juice, the grease, and the sauces. At the end of the meal, one either ate the trencher or, if hunger had been satisfied, tossed the gravy-soaked bread to their dogs or given as alms to less fortunate or poor human.
Alms were clothing, food, or money that is given to poor people. In the past, people thought it was their religious duty to give alms to the poor. Trenchers were clearly the forerunner of our open-face sandwiches.
16th and 17th Century – In Mark Morton's well researched 2004 article Bread and Meat for God's Sake , they wrote:
“What, then, were sandwiches called before they were sandwiches? After combing through hundreds of texts, mostly plays, that were written long before the Earl of Sandwich was even born, a possible (through somewhat prosaic) answer emerges. The sandwich appears to have been simply known as “bread and meat” or “bread and cheese.” These two phrases are found throughout English drama from the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. For example, in an anonymous late sixteenth-centry play called Love and Fortune, a young man pleads for “a peece of bread and meat for Gods sake. Around the same time, in The Old Wives Tale by George Peele, a character confesses, “I tooke a peece of bread and cheese, and came my way.” Shakespeare uses the phrase, too, in The Merry Wives of Windsor, where Nim announces, “I love not the humour of bread and cheese.” A slightly later anonymous play, known as The Knave in Grain, includes a pedlar called a “bread and meat man” in its dramatic personate, and Thomas Heywood's seventeenth-century version of The Rape of Lucrece includes a song made up of the cries of street pedlars, including, “Bread and – meat – bread – and meat.” Dozens of other plays from the same era also make reference to “bread and meat” or “bread and cheese.”
1762 – The first written record of the word “sandwich” appeared in Edward Gibbons (1737-1794), English author, scholar, and historian, journal on November 24, 1762. Gibbon recorded their surprise at seeing a score or two of the noblest and wealthiest in the land, seated in a noisy coffee-room, at little tables covered by small napkins, supping off cold meat or sandwiches, and finishing with strong punch and confused politics.
“I dined at the Cocoa Tree….That respectable body affords every evening a sight truly English. Twenty or thirty of the first men in the kingdom….supping at little tables….upon a bit of cold meat, or a Sandwich.”
The Cocoa Tree, located at Pall Mall and St. James's Street, was a fashionable gentlemen's gaming club in London in the 18th century.Gaming houses in London were for the chosen few, where men of common tastes and of one class might meet together. In 1746 the Cocoa-tree Club became the haunt of politicians, particularly Tories, who met there under the guise of taking chocolate in order to hatch political plots. After 1750, only the more modest establishments survived, frequented by the public at large. The most select chocolate houses became private clubs, strictly limited to gentlemen from the ranks of high society.
1762 – It is also said that the cooks at London's Beef Steak Club, a gentlemen's gaming club held at the Shakespeare Tavern, invented the first sandwich.
The sublime society of Beef-steaks' was very exclusive, limited to 24 members. The Prince of Wales became its 25th member. They dined off beef-steaks accompanied by generous amounts of port and arrack-punch. The members met at 5 o'clock on Saturday's from November until the end of June. Each member could also invite a friend.
John Montagu (1718-1792), the Fourth Earl of Sandwich:
They became First Lord of the Admiralty and was patron to Capt. James Cook (who explored New Zealand, Australia, Alaska, Hawaii, and Polynesia.). Capt. Cook named the Hawaiian Islands after him, calling them the Sandwich Island. Montague Island, a large island at the entrance to Prince William Sound on the Gulf of Alaska, was also named by the famed Captain Cook.
Montagu was a hardened gambler and usually gambled for hours at a time at this restaurant, sometimes refusing to get up even for meals. It is said that ordered their valet to bring them meat tucked between two pieces of bread. Because Montagu also happened to be the Fourth Earl of Sandwich, others began to order “the same as Sandwich!” The original sandwich was, in fact, a piece of salt beef between two slices of toasted bread.
John Montagu's biographer, N. A. M. Rodger, points out in the book, The Insatiable Earl – A Life of John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich , that the sole source for giving Montagu credit for the invention of the sandwich, was gossip mentioned in a travel book by Grosley, and that at the period in question 1765, they were known to be very busy, and it is just as likely that it was for the purpose of eating at their desk. The book states:
It remains to consider the circumstances of the invention of the sandwich, which modern works suppose to have been designed to sustain its creator through long nights at the gaming table. The origin of this story seems to be a passage in Grosley's Tour to London:
“A minister of state passed four and twenty hours at a public gaming-table, so absorpt in play that, during the whole time, they had no subsistence but a bit of beef, between two slices of toasted bread, which they eat without ever quitting the game. This new dish grew highly in vogue, during my residence in London: it was called by the name of the minister who invented it.”
Grosley's book is a piece of travel literature. There is no supporting evidence for this piece of gossip, and it does not seem very likely that it has any foundation, especially as it refers to 1765, when Sandwich was a Cabinet minister and very busy. There is no doubt, however, that they were the real author of the sandwich, in its original form using salt beef, of which they were very fond. The alternative explanation is that they invented it to sustain themselves at their desk, which seems plausible since we have ample evidence of the long hours they worked from an early start, in an age when dinner was the only substantial meal of the day, and the fashionable hour to dine was four o'clock.
1840 – The sandwich was introduced to America by Englishwoman Elizabeth Leslie (1787-1858). In their cookbook, Directions for Cookery, they have a recipe for ham sandwiches that they suggested as a main dish:
Ham Sandwiches – Cut some thin slices of bread very neatly, having slightly buttered them; and, if your choose, spread on a very little mustard. Have ready some very thin slices of cold boiled ham, and lay one between two slices of bread. You may either roll them up, or lay them flat on the plates. They are used at supper or at luncheon.
1900's – The sandwich became very popular in the American diet when bakeries started selling presliced bread, thus making sandwiches very easy to create. Sandwiches became an easy, portable meal for workers and school children alike.
Looper is a tremendous motion picture experience. Not merely a "very good" one, but a great one. It delivers on all possible levels and its missteps are few and minor. It's a rousing science fiction/fantasy tale with a dose of hard-hitting drama, an edgy approach that denies Hollywood's penchant for formula, and a smart script that was crafted with care and an attention to detail. For writer/director Rian Johsnson, Looper represents a worthy follow-up to their earlier offbeat efforts, Brick and The Brothers Bloom. It's the best title on an impressive filmography.
Time travel is a fantasy concept and, as such, is subject only to the rules imposed upon it by a writer. Most filmmakers who elect to employ it resort to clichés and don't spend a lot of time carefully considering the implications of paradoxes. This is not the case with Looper. Although Johnson's interpretation of time travel cannot be said to be any more "realistic" than any other, it feels that way. There are rules that the screenplay does not violate. More importantly, it doesn't resort to "twists" that have become so commonplace that they are no longer surprising.
Looper's time travel backstory is sufficiently detailed for a sense of verisimilitude without getting bogged down in the minutia of detail. It offers well-developed characters, plenty of action and suspense, at least one sequence of bloody mayhem, a dollop of moral ambiguity, and an ending that does not disappoint. It is intellectually satisfying and emotionally powerful. It's a compelling story told in the best manner imaginable, making this unquestionably among the year's best.
The majority of the action unfolds in Kansas, circa 2044. The world isn't that different from what it is today. The cities are bigger and dirtier, but rural living is much the same. There are still corn fields, single family houses, and axes for chopping wood. The criminal element is gaining power, but they do not have the oppressive power they will obtain 30 years in the future. By the early 2070s, time travel has been discovered, but it is illegal and used only by the most powerful criminals. Because bodies cannot be disposed of in the future, those who fun afoul of the syndicates are hog-tied and sent back in time to 2044, where they are met by a "looper" with a shotgun. They finish the job, takes their reward (bars of silver strapped to the victim), and waits for their next assignment. When the decision is made to terminate a looper's contact, they are sent a future version of themselves to eliminate ("closing the loop"). Once they have completed that task, the clock is ticking on 30 years of life.
Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is a looper. In fact, he's not just any looper, he's one of the best in the small stable run by gang lord Abe (Jeff Daniels). There comes a time, however, when Joe makes the mistake of harboring a friend (Paul Dano) who has screwed up. Soon after that, Joe is given an assignment that puts them face-to-face with their future self (Bruce Willis). When they hesitate, Old Joe knocks them out and goes on the run. This puts Joe in a bad position. Unless they rectify things quickly, they will end up dead not just in the future, but in the present as well. A brief conversation with Old Joe gives them some clues about their aged self's intentions and a location where they will eventually go. So Joe travels there, not to protect Sara (Emily Blunt), the woman who owns the house, or their son, Cid (Pierce Gagnon), but to stop Old Joe and restore their life. And they have a distinct advantage in any confrontation: they can kill their future self but Old Joe can't reciprocate.
Discussion of Looper in any detail would involve revealing developments, both small and large, that are better discovered on one's own. The story isn't a labyrinth of twists and turns, but it isn't necessarily predictable and there are a few genuine surprises that work effectively because they make sense in the context of the narrative, not because they're thrown at us to provoke a reaction. The time travel element leads to occasional instances of minor confusion but, especially for those familiar with this branch of science fiction/fantasy storytelling, much of what occurs is logical, meaning it plays by the rules Johnson establishes.
My opinion of Joseph Gordon-Levitt as an actor has been growing with each new performance and, despite being saddled with odd face prosthetics to make them appear more "Bruce Willis-like," this is no exception. Their ability and range continue to impress. This is not an easy role. It requires them to spend a majority of the movie as an anti-hero. They are, after all, a cold-blooded assassin, and a good one at that. Despite that, we develop a connection with them as the seeds of something more noble begin to sprout.
Bruce Willis deserves second billing. This is Gordon-Levitt's film; Willis' role, although crucial, is smaller. With movies like this one and Moonrise Kingdom, it's easy to forgive throw-away garbage like The Cold Light of Day. For the most part, Willis' performance in Looper is dramatic, but they get an opportunity to kick ass big-time. One of the great strengths of Looper is that it gives Willis, like Gordon-Levitt, a variety of opportunities to transcend stereotypes.  They are provided not only with action sequences but scenes of intense dramatic power. There's a moment when you may loathe Old Joe but, as conveyed by Willis, perhaps no more than they loathe himself. And with that hatred comes a disturbing understanding.
The rest of the cast is comprised of supporting actors doing excellent jobs in appearances that vary from a few scenes (Paul Dano) to a significant chunk of the running length (Emily Blunt). There's not a poor performance to be found. Especially good are Jeff Daniels as the surprisingly agreeable head of the syndicate and Piper Perabo as a sympathetic hooker/stripper who interacts in different ways with Joe and their older self. Emily Blunt may be the sexiest wood chopper in the history of motion pictures.
For me, a great film is one in which all the elements are well done. They blend together like a symphony. That's the case here. The screenplay is clever and intelligent; it piqued my interest and kept me involved. The characters are well-rounded and powerfully portrayed. There's plenty of action and suspense, and even a little humor and romance mixed in. There are some profoundly disturbing questions that have no easy answers. (I'm reminded of the time travel hypothetical: If you could travel to 1889 and stand by a crib containing the infant Adolf Hitler, could you strangle the baby?) The art direction is impressive, suggesting a futuristic world that is familiar yet different. There's a strong emotional element to all of this. Looper accomplishes what top-notch cinema should do: it diverts, entertains, and enriches. It will not impact my worldview or the way I go about my daily living, but I will not soon forget it and I am grateful for having seen it.
Looper (United States/China, 2012)
30 Terrible Face Tattoos That Guarantee A Life Of Unemployment
Nothing says “I didn't really think this through” like a face tattoo. We've all made mistakes when we were younger, but nothing (outside a prison sentence) can have more of a long-term effect than the decision to get something – anything – tattooed to your face. There's honestly nothing you can tattoo to your face that doesn't guarantee you a lifetime of hearing, “Thank you for your application, but we don't currently have any openings right now.”
Why someone would think that a face tattoo would be a good idea is kind of hard to fathom. One would assume that the majority of these people would have to be drunk to get something tattooed to their face, but aren't there some sort of laws against giving wasted people tattoos anywhere on their body, let alone their face? And if there aren't any laws, should there be? Well stop worrying about these idiots and start laughing at them. Here are 30 terrible face tattoos that will guarantee each one of these folks a life of unemployment.
30 Terrible Face Tattoos That Guarantee A Life Of Unemployment
Also check out some very terrible celebrity tattoos. There are even a few face tattoos there, but we figured since they already had jobs they didn't belong in this picture set of people with terrible face tattoos.
When it comes to action cameras, GoPro is a well-known brand. With products like GoPro Hero 4 Black, it leads the market for action cameras. But with the rising competition, there are many alternatives we have that give us great picture quality, at a price lesser than that of Hero 4 Black. We have the new Yi 4K action camera with 7 layers of glass lenses, 4K video recording, a touchscreen, and a long-lasting battery life. Yi 4K action camera is a tiny little shooter with amazing features at a very reasonable price.
Design & Display
The Yi 4K action camera has a new 12MP Sony unit that records 4K video at 30fps. The [email protected] recording mode offers higher frame rates of 120fps and 240fps. The previous model of Yi lacked a display, but Yi 4K action camera has got a touchscreen on the back. The touchscreen makes it easy for you to change modes or settings on the camera. The interface of 2.19” on Yi 4K is responsive and easy to use. The Yi 4K has only one button. To start/stop recording you tap on it and hold it to power up/down.
Features of Yi 4K
Ambarella A9SE75: This action camera is built with the new generation Ambarella A9SE75 chip. It has a Sony IMX377 image sensor, and 7 layers of all glass lenses. The glass lenses help to increase the light intake to capture crisp and detailed pictures. The Yi 4K camera reached new heights, it records 4K/30fps at 60 Mbps, and is 4 times the quality of 1080p. Camera: It comes with the most advanced technology that can capture images at intervals from 0.5 to 60 seconds. The highest resolution for a time-lapse video is 4K Images captured in Yi 4K are crisp and sharp, and even low-light performance is pretty good. Touchscreen: The Yi 4K action camera comes packs 330ppi high resolutions and the highly-sensitive retina touchscreen for an innate experience. Battery Life: The Yi 4K comes with a rechargeable 1400mAh high-voltage 4.4V lithium-ion battery. It stands by you with up to 8 hours of standby time. You can shoot 4K/30fps videos for up to 120 minutes with a single charge.
Connectivity
The Yi 4K action camera offers a quick and convenient video editing options with image/video filters, and also music options. Along with shooting and editing videos, you can also share them with the Yi community. Using the option, you can browse pictures and videos by other users. The camera supports dual-band Wi-Fi and Bluetooth which helps you in controlling the camera on your phone. The camera pairs up with the app perfectly and works swiftly. You can also use the app to change the settings remotely. The app of the Yi 4K action camera is one of its strongest features.
Price & Variants
The Yi 4K action camera is right now available on Amazon.com for just $249.99, which is half the price of Hero 4 Black. The camera comes in three colors: Night Black, Pearl White, and Rose Gold.
Conclusion
The Yi 4K action camera has superb video recording, powerful color performance, great running time, easy to use and at a reasonable price. But it lacks an external case. Also, the touchscreen can't be used when the waterproof case is on, and the LCD display is hard to notice in sunlight. It doesn't come with any accessories, but those can be bought online at a reasonable price. It comes with a regular tripod mount built-in. Yi is a small action camera which can manage 4K video recording and deliver a high degree of quality at a decent price.
OBJECTIVE:
This study examines the physiological impact of a glucose load on serum testosterone (T) levels in men with varying glucose tolerance (GT).
DESIGN:
Cross-sectional study.
PATIENTS AND METHODS:
74 men (19-74 years, mean 51·4 ± 1·4 years) underwent a standard 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with blood sampling at 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min. Fasting serum glucose, insulin, total T (and calculated free T), LH, SHBG, leptin and cortisol were measured.
RESULTS:
57% of the men had normal GT, 30% had impaired GT and 13% had newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Glucose ingestion was associated with a 25% decrease in mean T levels (delta = -4·2 ± 0·3 nm, P < 0·0001). T levels remained suppressed at 120 min compared with baseline (13·7 ± 0·6 vs 16·5 ± 0·7 nm, P < 0·0001) and did not differ across GT or BMI. Of the 66 men with normal T levels at baseline, 10 (15%) had levels that decreased to the hypogonadal range (<9·7 nm) at one or more time points. SHBG, LH and cortisol levels were unchanged. Leptin levels decreased from baseline at all-time points (P < 0·0001).
CONCLUSIONS:
Glucose ingestion induces a significant reduction in total and free T levels in men, which is similar across the spectrum of glucose tolerance. This decrease in T appears to be because of a direct testicular defect, but the absence of compensatory changes in LH suggests an additional central component. Men found to have low nonfasting T levels should be re-evaluated in the fasting state.
TRIAL REGISTRATION:
ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00433173.
© 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
LONDON (Reuters) - Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech has given an insight to the multinational shape of the modern Premier League by revealing they speak to their defenders during matches in three languages.
Football Soccer - Arsenal v AFC Bournemouth - Barclays Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 28/12/15 Arsenal's Petr Cech celebrates winning after the final whistle Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY.
Cech broke David James' record for Premier League clean sheets in Arsenal's win over Bournemouth this week and their calming influence has been a contributory factor to their impressive defensive displays this season.
Communication of course is key and Cech's ability to speak five languages — their native Czech, English, French, Spanish and German — has proved useful.
“I speak to the fullbacks (Nacho Monreal and Hector Bellerin) in Spanish, to Laurent Koscielny in French and to (German) Per Mertesacker in English, because for them it is the same as me,” Cech told the Mirror.
“He organises people in English. Sometimes foreign players wouldn't know what you say.
“That's when you realise it's easier to say it in their language than hoping they will understand. It can happen.”
Cech moved from Chelsea to Arsenal before this season after losing their starting berth to Thibaut Courtois and it looks a good decision with their former club struggling in the lower reaches and Arsenal top of the league as they seek their first title in 12 years.
“It was not an easy decision but I always wanted to go to a team which could win,” said the 33-year-old.
“If I didn't believe that then I don't know why I would come.
“I play football, not to only enjoy it and I love the challenge of playing and competing with the best players, but I want to have the chance to win games.”
Arsenal host Newcastle United on Saturday.
Photo
DERRY, N.H. — The signs read, “Fighting for Us.” The new theme song is “Fight Song.” The documentary video shown at the beginning of their events is titled “Fighter.”
And, now the tough fight ahead in the New Hampshire primary has become part of the Hillary Clinton campaign's central messaging.
“I come here well aware of the fact that political pundits have been opining, as political pundits do, that I should have just skipped coming to New Hampshire,” said Mrs. Clinton, who trails Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont by double digits in most polls in and around the state.
They continued: “Their argument is — and it's got some strength to it, “Look, you're behind here and you're in your opponent's backyard. New Hampshire always favors neighbors, which I think is neighborly, and, you know, maybe you should have just moved on to other states where everybody says you've got big leads and all of that.”
“I have to tell you,” Mrs. Clinton told an intimate crowd at an event space at the Derry Boys & Girls Club. “I just could not ever skip New Hampshire. I could not even imagine not being here, not being in settings like these.”
If Bill Clinton famously vowed at a New Hampshire town hall to stand up for struggling Americans “‘till the last dog dies,” their wife is keeping the dog on life support. They trailed Mr. Sanders by 19 percentage points in a Marist poll conducted Jan. 17 to Jan. 23, and their advisers have urged them to focus time and resources on Nevada, which holds its caucuses on Feb. 20.
Jennifer Palmieri, a spokesperson for Mrs. Clinton, told reporters that the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday was “not about the margin” but about “who Hillary Clinton is.”
New Hampshire has delivered a helping hand to the Clintons in the past, including making Mr. Clinton “the Comeback Kid” after they emerged from scandal to place second in the 1992 primary.
Mrs. Clinton pulled off a surprise victory against Barack Obama after finishing third in Iowa in 2008. This time, the odds are even tougher, campaign officials said.
“It's a different scenario this time around,” Ms. Palmieri told reporters.
In 2008, they added, “we were not running against somebody who had been an elected official next door sharing a media market for 20 years, so we think this is different but she'll work as hard as they can.”
On Wednesday, Mrs. Clinton brought some of that fight to the town-hall-style event in Derry, criticizing Mr. Sanders for saying they were a progressive “some days.”
“It was kind of a low blow,” Mrs. Clinton said, and proceeded to list the high points of their résumé. “It was a good day for progressives when I helped get eight million kids health care,” they said. “I think it was a good day for progressives when I joined with colleagues in the Senate to help stop George W. Bush from privatizing Social Security. I think it was a good day for progressives when I went to Geneva and Beijing to stand up for gay rights and women's rights.”
“I hope we can keep it on the issues,” Mrs. Clinton said. “Because if it's about our records, hey, I'm going to win by a landslide.”
But first, they have to fight.
Judge Douglas Marks Moore wrestled Paul Reid twice as they ran out of the judge's door at Woolwich Crown Court last August.
Reid, 34, who had escaped from another court two years before, made their desperate bid for freedom after giving evidence in their trial, jurors heard.
''One thing stood between Paul Reid and freedom - the judge trying their case,'' said Rupert Gregory, prosecuting.
The main door of the court was locked for security reasons but the doors leading to the judge's corridor and the jury room were unlocked on safety grounds.
It was about 4.15pm and Reid had been giving evidence from the witness box during their trial on undisclosed matters.
Mr Gregory said: "The jury were just leaving when the defendant jumped up and ran across the clerk's bench to get to the judge's door.
"As they went through the door their honour Judge Marks Moore grabbed them round the throat to try to bring them down.
"Together they went down three steps and then Mr Reid broke free and ran down the judge's corridor.
"The judge gave chase. Just as Mr Reid was about to open a push-handle fire door, HHJ Marks Moore rugby tackled them around the throat and waist and brought them crashing to the ground, landing on top of him.
"He held them there, struggling and protesting, until the prison officers managed to catch up, secure them and return them to custody."
Mr Gregory added: "There is only one reason why a Crown Court judge would rugby-tackle a defendant to the ground - because they are trying to escape and the judge is the only person in any position to prevent that escape.
"The only thing preventing Paul Reid from pushing that fire door to the outside world was a judge in a wig and full robes."
Reid, originally from south London, denies escaping from Inner London Crown Court and attempting to escape from Woolwich Crown Court.
Mr Gregory told the jury: "The defendant was on both occasions properly in custody.
"He had no right to leave. Nobody told them they were free to leave either courtroom through any exit other than the door to the dock."
Reid had been sentenced to an indeterminate sentence for public protection with a minimum term of two years for indecent assault at Inner London.
They were taken to Brixton Prison but returned to Inner London 10 days later on December 22 2008 for an ancillary matter.
After the hearing, they left the dock handcuffed to a security officer.
But as they entered a corridor, Reid allegedly pinned the officer against a wall and elbowed him.
They managed to slip the handcuff off their wrist and ran through a door into a courtroom, through another door and out of a fire escape, said Mr Gregory.
Three months later, they were interviewed by police and told them the judge had told them they could go home.
"Of course the judge did nothing of the sort. That's why they left the dock handcuffed to an officer, heading towards the cells, not the front door," said Mr Gregory.
Judge Marks Moore is due to give evidence this afternoon.
*whispers into your ear* Psst, hey, can you hear me? good. I just wanted to tell you that there's a difference between Levi and Zeke. Zeke doesn't give a flying fuck about human lifes and enjoys going around killing innocent people while Levi kills for survival and does not enjoy killing one bit. And cares about people's lifes.
Don't forget that this bastard, besides turning countless of innocent people into titans (including Connie's parents and Levi's comrades) and betrayed their own comrades, has killed:
Mike Zacharias, a person that was there since the begining of Levi's soldier career and became important to Levi.
Marlo Freudenberg, a brave soldier that along with Hitch, helped Levi when the SC were in deep shit.
and the most important of them all, Erwin Smith, Levi's liege.
So therefore…
*yells into your ear* LEVI ACKERMAN HAS E V E R Y F U C K I N G R I G H T TO ENJOY CHOPPING THIS HAIRY SON OF A BITCH (forgive me, Dina) INTO SUSHI PIECES WITH ALL THE ANGER AND PAIN HE'S GOT!
Hope i made it clear for you, have a nice day :)
A bus carrying off-duty soldiers has been hit by an explosion outside a university in the Turkish city of Kayseri, leaving 13 people dead and 55 wounded.
According to Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu, who was speaking at a joint news conference with the health minister, all of the injured are being treated in hospital, with 12 in intensive care and six in critical condition. Turkey's General Staff said earlier that 13 people had been killed in the explosion. According to Soylu, eight of them have now been identified.
Seven people have been detained in connection with the explosion, Soylu said, as cited by Reuters. They added that the attack had been “carried out by a suicide bomber.” There has yet been no claim of responsibility for the bombing, but Turkish President Erdoğan issued a statement claiming that a “separatist terrorist organization” is responsible for the attack.
Turkey's deputy prime minister, Veysi Kaynak, earlier said that it is highly likely that the incident is a terror attack reminiscent of the explosion at Besiktas stadium, adding that it appears to have been caused by a car bomb. A witness cited by Haberturk claimed that a car near the bus exploded.
Kayseri'de Halk otobüsünde patlama olduğu ve yaralılarımızın olduğu bilgisi var. Allah'ım sen ülkemize milletinize yardım et. pic.twitter.com/g2GHrgm8h9 — Ertuğrul Sevim (@ErtugrulSevim03) December 17, 2016
A video tweeted from the scene shows several bodies lying on the ground beside the wrecked bus. (WARNING: DISTURBING IMAGES)
Speaking to reporters live on Turkish TV, Kaynak said that the attack had targeted a bus carrying off-duty soldiers.
The office of Turkey's prime minister has imposed a temporary ban on coverage of the explosion in Kayseri, asking media organizations to refrain from reporting anything that may cause “fear in the public, panic and disorder and which may serve the aims of terrorist organizations.”
Saturday's explosion comes only a week after a twin bombing outside an Istanbul soccer stadium killed over 40 people and wounded more than 100. That attack was claimed by Kurdish militants.
READ MORE: Twin Istanbul blasts kill 38, injure 155 near Besiktas stadium (VIDEOS, PHOTOS)
Kim Dotcom and former wife Mona have reached a settlement with police over the heavy-handed raid on their home in 2012. The exact amount is confidential but is believed to run into at least six figures, amounts that have also been paid to other Dotcom associates including Bram van der Kolk and Mathias Ortmann.
It's been spoken about thousands of times in the past half-decade but the 2012 raid on Kim Dotcom's home in New Zealand was extraordinary by any standard.
At the behest of the US Government, 72 police officers – including some from the elite heavily armed Special Tactics Group (STG) – descended on Dotcom's Coatesville mansion. Two helicopters were used during the raid, footage from which was later released to the public as the scale and nature of the operation became clear.
To be clear, no one in the Dotcom residence had any history of violence. Nevertheless, considerable force was used to attack rooms in the building, all of it aimed at detaining the founder of what was then the world's most famous file-hosting site. The FBI, it seems, would stop at nothing in pursuit of the man they claimed was the planet's most notorious copyright infringer.
As the dust settled, it became clear that the overwhelming use of force was not only unprecedented but also completely unnecessary, a point Dotcom themselves became intent on pressing home.
The entrepreneur was particularly angry at the treatment received by former wife Mona, who was seven months pregnant with twins at the time. So, in response, the Megaupload founder and their wife sued the police, hoping to hold the authorities to account for their actions.
The case has dragged on for years but this morning came news of a breakthrough. According to information released by Kim Dotcom, the lawsuit has been resolved after a settlement was reached with the police.
“Today, Mona and I are glad to reach a confidential settlement of our case against the New Zealand Police. We have respect for the Police in this country. They work hard and have, with this one exception, treated me and my family with courtesy and respect,” Dotcom said.
“We were shocked at the uncharacteristic handling of my arrest for a non-violent Internet copyright infringement charge brought by the United States, which is not even a crime in New Zealand.”
Dotcom said police could have simply asked to be let in, at which point they could have been arrested. Instead, under pressure from US authorities and “special interests in Hollywood”, they turned the whole event into a massive publicity stunt aimed at pleasing the US.
“The New Zealand Police we know do not carry guns. They try to resolve matters in a non-violent manner, unlike what we see from the United States. We are sad that our officers, good people simply doing their job, were tainted by US priorities and arrogance,” Dotcom said.
“We sued the Police because we believed their military-style raid on a family with children in a non-violent case went far beyond what a civilised community should expect from its police force. New Zealanders deserve and should expect better.”
Kim Dotcom has developed a reputation for fighting back across all aspects of their long-running case, and this particular action was no different. He'd planned to take the case all the way to the High Court but in the end decided that doing so wouldn't be in the best interests of their family.
Noting that New Zealand has a new government “for the better”, Dotcom said that raking up the past would only serve to further disrupt their family.
“Our children are now settled and integrated safely here into their community and they love it. We do not want to relive past events. We do not want to disrupt our children's new lives. We do not want to revictimise them. We want them to grow up happy,” they said.
“That is why we chose New Zealand to be our family home in the first place. We are fortunate to live here. Under the totality of the circumstances, we thought settlement was best for our children.”
According to NZ Herald, the Dotcoms aren't the only ones to have made peace with the police. Other people arrested in 2012, including Dotcom associates Bram van der Kolk and Mathias Ortmann, were paid six-figure sums to settle. The publication speculates that as the main target of the raid, Dotcom's settlment amount would've been more.
But while this matter is now closed, others remain. It was previously determined that Kiwi spy agency the Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) unlawfully spied on the Dotcoms over an extended period. Ron Mansfield, New Zealand counsel for the Dotcoms, says that case will continue.
“The GCSB refuses to disclose what it did or the actual private communications it stole. The Dotcoms understandably believe that they are entitled to know this. That action is pending appeal in the Court of Appeal,” they say.
Also before the Court of Appeal is the case to extradite Dotcom and their associates to the United States. That hearing is set for February 2018 but whatever the outcome, a further appeal to the Supreme Court is likely, meaning that Dotcom will remain in New Zealand until 2020, at least.
A battle between a tiny Nunavut hamlet and three companies carrying out seismic drilling in Arctic waters is shaping up to be Justin Trudeau's first major environmental challenge.
The community of Clyde River filed its latest legal action with the Supreme Court of Canada just three days before the Oct. 19 election. The filing followed the Federal Court of Appeal's rejection of a previous motion by the community— against the National Energy Board's (NEB) 2014 decision to allow oil exploration companies to conduct blast tests in Davis Strait along the coastline of Baffin Island.
The companies involved are TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA, Petroleum GeoServices, and MultiKlient Invest AS.
Clyde River's location in Canada. (Credit: Natural Resources Canada).
Seismic blasts leaving animals deaf and injured
The immediate priority remains stopping the literally earth-shattering sounds of underwater blast cannons from devastating Arctic communities and the marine mammals that serve as their food source. Powerful shockwaves from blast guns can injure, kill, or disrupt the navigation patterns of those animals upon which the Inuit rely for food.
“Seismic blasts are loud — in fact, they're the second loudest human-made sound ever created, second only to the atomic bomb," said Jessica Wilson, head of Greenpeace Canada's Arctic campaign.
"[The blasts are] up to and sometimes over 260 decibels below the surface, which is eight times louder than a jet engine heard 50 metres away on land. Sounds at this level can burst human ear drums, but whales are much more sensitive to sounds than we are,”
According to Wilson, seismic blasts underwater can cause whales to experience temporary or permanent hearing loss, which impacts nearly every aspect of their daily activities – navigating, communicating, searching for food – as like all marine mammals they rely on echolocation.
Also at risk from blasting are narwhals, ringed seals, and the bowhead whale, all animals which Clyde River's court application states that Inuit rely on for their not only their food sources but also their economy and culture. Their loss would cause irreparable damage to Baffin Island's already-isolated communities.
Two narwhals tusking (credit: Wikimedia).
“We have also heard powerful stories from people in Clyde River, passed down through generations, about the impacts of seismic blasting that they saw first-hand in the 70s and 80s when seismic blasting last took place in Baffin Bay," Wilson said.
"Hunters tell of deaf polar bears, of seals with bleeding ears, of narwhals trapped in ice. And when an animal is hurt, Inuit will not hunt it. This becomes about the basic human right to eat, to live off the land as they have since time immemorial, rights that are enshrined in our constitution.”
Both Wilson and Clyde River's mayor Jerry Natanine slammed the Harper government's use of antiquated blasting techniques to get at fossil fuel reserves
“Our traditional knowledge and modern scientific data both teach us that seismic blasting is harmful for marine mammals, but federal authorities have chosen to ignore these facts. Instead, they have pushed ahead with this oil exploration project without our consent or adequate consultation,” said Natanine.
Will Trudeau bring change?
“The Liberal party has said there has to be a balance between development and protecting the environment," said Nunavut's Liberal MP-elect Hunter Tootoo in a September interview with the Nunatsiaq News. "Most people look at Harper and the Conservative government as lapdogs of industry. The perfect example of that is Clyde River and seismic testing."
"They were crying for help from their MP [Leona Aglukkaq], who was our environment minister, and there wasn't a word heard. They had to go to court to try to be heard."
Both Tootoo and the Liberals have promised greater consultation with First Nations communities before approving any major energy project, while Trudeau has previously pledged an immediate public review of Canada's environmental assessment process, including reforms to the NEB that outgoing PM Stephen Harper stacked with members linked to the oil industry.
“Trudeau has said that it's the government that grants the licenses, but the communities that grant permission," said Tootoo. "Also, Trudeau wants to review the whole regulatory regime to ensure the Crown's obligation to consult with Aboriginal people is honoured and respected.”
Liberals "spoiled for choice" in showing their true colours
While Harper's Conservative government remained fixated on oil and gas exploitation during their decade-long rule, Greenpeace worked with both Inuit and other First Nations communities to develop solar energy projects, slowly weaning them off fossil fuels and the greenhouse gases they produce.
That includes Clyde River, where Greenpeace, in partnership with the Vancouver Renewable Energy Co-op assessed the solar potential of three community buildings and one private home, aiming to install the hamlet's first-ever photovoltaic energy unit next year.
“We would certainly hope the Liberals would see the value and wisdom in supporting the development of solar power in northern communities, [and] anything that reduces the extreme cost of living in the Arctic, while reducing community dependency on expensive and dirty diesel. Solar panels are a win-win-win situation for communities, government and industry — and of course, the climate,” said Greenpeace's Wilson.
Trudeau's Liberals are starting to take notice: their party is promising to phase out subsidies for oil sands development and invest in renewable energy development, finally giving federal support to a rapidly-emerging industry that the Conservatives ignored.
“We certainly hope that Trudeau will want to distinguish themselves from Harper's legacy of mismanagement on climate and Arctic issues," Wilson said.
"He'll have an opportunity to do that at the climate meetings in Paris, but that work starts here at home. From the tar sands to the Arctic, there is plenty of room for the Liberals to show climate leadership, and Trudeau only has to look to our southern neighbours for examples. On the back of Shell's retreat from the Alaskan Arctic, President Obama recently took aim against Arctic drilling in the US by cancelling existing oil leases and future lease sales."
But the situation in Canada's Arctic remains grim for environmentalists: on top of oil exploration along Baffin Island, BP and ExxonMobil have partnered with Imperial Oil and are seeking to drill in the Beaufort Sea.
Wilson said that the Harper government was prepared to change federal laws to make drilling possible for Imperial Oil, at the cost of hundreds of millions in taxpayers' money. They said they hope the Liberals undertake a different policy regarding Arctic oil exploration.
“So yes, the Liberals are spoiled for choice when it comes to showing Canadians that people matter to them more than corporate profiteering — that would certainly [mean] distinguishing them from the Conservatives,” said Wilson.
The blog, called Lookismus gegen Rechts, launched on platform Tumblr in February and has posted dozens of photos of people who have made racist comments online, including posts in support of the far right scene and the neo-Nazi party, the NPD.
It aims to expose those making the comments by publishing their Facebook photos or profiles next to their comments. It keeps the first name and photo of the commentator but deletes the person's surname.
Stern magazine described the blog as a “bizarre collection of relatively hateful statements”.
Many of the photos are equally bizarre with the keyboard racists pictured on beaches, topless in snow and in swimming trunks.
The founder of the blog, who wishes to remain anonymous, told Stern: “I have set the bar high in terms of the hatred of the person and the stupidity of the comments [for it to appear on the blog].”
The blog aims to “take the wind out of the sails of” the commentators, the founder added.
They got the idea after reading a string of hateful comments on the Facebook page of a national newspaper which posted an article about the victims of right-wing violence.
Lookismus gegen Rechts has stirred a debate in Germany about whether postings online should remain anonymous or whether those who post racist comments should be named and shamed. On Twitter and Facebook the blog has been met with a mainly positive reaction. But is it going too far by posting photos and names?
Facebook locked the profile page of Lookismus gegen Rechts on Wednesday evening. By that point the page had 2,700 likes.
And the founder said that the far right commentators were “denouncing themselves” by making their posts public.
READ MORE: Police close black market website selling guns and drugs
One of the most controversial and polarizing figures in Canadian history - abortion rights activist Dr. Henry Morgentaler - has died.
Carolyn Egan, with the Ontario Coalition of Abortion Clinics, said they spoke with members of Morgentaler's family, who told them they died peacefully this morning at their home in Toronto.
Morgentaler emerged in the late 1960s, as a passionate defender of a woman's right to have an abortion safely and under professional medical care. Click on this link to see a clip of Morgentaler in 1969 from the CBC archives.
At the time, anyone who tried to induce an abortion could receive a sentence of life in prison and the woman faced up to two years in prison.
In 1970, Morgentaler broke the law by opening Canada's first abortion clinic in Montreal, followed by more clinics across the country - ending up with eight in all.
Over the next 20 years or so, Morgentaler was considered a hero by some and called a murderer by others as they fought to make abortion legal.
Along the way, their clinics were targeted by pro-life activists (including one that was bombed) and raided by police. They were physically threatened, went to jail for ten months, and they fought several legal battles for the right to set up abortion clinics across Canada.
That eventually led to a 1988 Supreme Court of Canada ruling that struck down the country's law prohibiting abortion as unconstitutional.
"His work changed the legal landscape in Canada, and eventually led to the 1988 landmark Supreme Court of Canada decision that gave women the right to obtain abortion care," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation.
"Dr. Morgentaler was a legend, a hero, and a national treasure in both our countries, and we will miss them dearly."
They were on the show several years ago to talk about a Canadian film about their life called 'Henry'. Check out that interview below.
In a post today about their life, The Globe & Mail writes...
"Dr. Morgentaler had a complex relationship with women all their life. As a child, they felt their mother didn't love them as much as their younger brother; as a doctor, they performed thousands of safe, but illegal, abortions on desperate women with unwanted pregnancies; as a social and political activist, they worked to repeal Canada's draconian abortion law in order to give women control over their reproductive lives; as a medical administrator, they opened eight clinics across the country to try to give women equality of access to abortions; and, as a man, they were a consummate philanderer who married three times and conducted many extramarital affairs."
Morgentaler was born in Lodz, Poland and was a Holocaust survivor, having spent five years in the Nazi concentration camps of Auschwitz and Dachau. Their parents and sister died at the hands of the Nazis, while they and their brother survived.
When the war ended, Morgentaler was 22 and weighed 70 pounds. In 1950, at 26, they came to Canada.
In an interview with The Canadian Press in 2004, they said their time as a prisoner of the Nazis prepared them for their fight to make abortion legal.
In 2008, Mogentaler received the Order of Canada - Canada's highest civilian award. It was a strongly debated honour, and several members of the Order returned their medals in protest.
They died of heart failure at the age of 90.
Related stories
America & Abortion: The Battle Over Women's Reproductive Rights
Abortion Debate Reignited In Ireland After Woman Is Denied An Abortion In Hospital & Dies
UPDATE: Sources with links to the intelligence community have now confirmed that this theory is accurate, and I am therefore upgrading this story from my theory to a factual report.
Once I announced on Twitter and elsewhere that this theory was validated by sources, data scientists who had been examining the server data began to re-examine it in the light of this statement. @TeaPainUSA on Twitter, who knows their data science, collaborated with some other patriot data scientists on Twitter and off to produce this crucial report explaining how Alfa's server laundered the data.
Original:
Here is my theory of how Donald Trump will be impeached, and scores of people around them jailed.
It wasn't just money laundering – it was “data laundering”.
My theory is based on public reporting, to which I will link in the text. Here it is:
Alfa Bank is a front for Russian intelligence. Along with Dimitry Firtash, a Russian agent of influence, it owns Cambridge Analytica, the data targeting company used by Trump's campaign. It also owns SCL, the propaganda company responsible for what has been termed “fake news” but was actually real propaganda co-ordinated by Russian intelligence.
Cambridge Analytica and SCL use Facebook data they had no right to acquire, illegally stolen by a Russian spy working at Cambridge, to build an unbeatable target database of propaganda.
In the closing days of the election, the Russian state hacked into the voter rolls of the United States. Russian intelligence did this in order that they could provide this information to Alfa Bank in order to use Cambridge Analytica's targeting, and SCL's propaganda, in order precisely to target voters and tip them to Trump.
Paul Manafort, who had always worked for and with the Trump campaign and who never left the campaign, relayed messages to Trump based on this stolen voter database information married to Cambridge Analytica and SCL targeting.
Both Manafort and Trump knew that this targeting information was based on stolen voter databases.
The Alfa Bank server in Trump Tower provided fresh evidence for the granting of the FISA warrant, I reported. (this is a fact). However, the warrant was broader than merely looking at the server metadata. It explicitly covered US persons caught up in the inquiry and explicitly covered the right for the FBI to read intercepts and hear tapes and other materials on US persons, related to this inquiry, already existing and provided by intelligence from a Baltic state ally, which report was Estonia. [Editor – this is a correction from my earlier wrong report of Lithuania].
I believe the Alfa Bank server was sending back to Russia information on the hacked voter databases and how they could be micro-targeted.
Just before the election, Manafort, who worked with Firtash and Alfa Bank, told Trump to go and campaign in Michigan. Public polling showed that Trump had no chance in Michigan.
I believe, in summary:
A Russian spy stole the Facebook data of hundreds of millions of Americans
From that data, Russia crafted propaganda messages via SCL and targeted them by Cambridge Analytica
Both of these were owned by Alfa Bank and Firtash, Russian agent and boss of Manafort;
In order to perfect the social media targeting Russia hacked the electoral voter databases of various key American states:
This information was fed back to Manafort and Cambridge Analytica / SCL via the means of the bank server in Trump Tower;
Manafort and Trump used terrifyingly accurate micro-targeting obtained firstly by Facebook theft but secondly by Russia obtaining the exact demographic profiles of voters through hacks of US state databases and passing it back to Cambridge Analytica.
This theory, if true, would directly connect the Russian state with the Trump campaign and mean that Trump colluded with Russian spies who were hacking America. They will be impeached for it.
There is much more Trump has done, but the Russian voter database hacks —> to Cambridge Analytica —> to SCL “fake news” to target the election —-> with Trump's knowledge via Manafort – is the single most direct proof of Trump's collusion with America's enemies.
Furthermore and as a coda,
I believe, although to what Chris Steele might call a ‘low confidence' level, that Roger Stone was communicating with Guccifer2 who hacked the DNC and Podesta, and that these releases had not worked. I believe that whoever Stone's “go-between” to Wikileaks was, that person worked for or with Cambridge Analytica/SCL / Alfa Bank , and that person passed on the message that precise targeting and propaganda would be needed to win the election, hence the hacking of the voter databases and the messaging that went back into them.
I have a pretty strong idea who this person and their backers are, and I shall be passing it to UK intelligence.
Lastly, following our exclusive reporting that Wikileaks is a Russian front who, days before the DNC hack, not only bought Russian servers, but gave their SSL keys to a Russian hacker Peter Chayanov, meaning they could see – and the FSB could see – everything on the Wikileaks site, including the IP address of any foolish Americans “whistleblowing” to Wikileaks (like Chelsea Manning), meaning Putin could blackmail them, I will assume that Chayanov is Guccifer2; that they were collaborating with Stone and Manafort both directly and indirectly; and that they worked with Russian state hackers to attack US voter databases.
And, to quote Jim Carrey in ‘Liar, Liar,' “That's the game!”
Now I will list the reporting on which this theory is based. I will address “Moscow Mike Misha Flynn” and the Cambridge University spy ring in another post – I have learned the hard way that too much information just shuts people down (when they don't have ADHD). But as a snippet, I will say that I believe Jared Kushner and Mike Flynn were both caught talking to Russian spies who worked with Sberbank, the parent company of SVB Bank – the OTHER bank that was a named target of the FISA warrant.
So, if you like, Alfa Bank – which owned Cambridge Analytica and passed info to and from Russia on hacked voter databases, for electoral gain, is the SIGINT part of this theory (Signals intelligence) – and SVB Bank, which funded “startups” through Russian intel front Sberbank, is the HUMINT part of this theory – think Kushner, Mike Flynn and Epshteyn.
Again, Alfa Bank and SVB Bank are the two NAMED TARGETS of the FISA warrant granted on October 15th – one week after US intelligence put out a statement on voter database hacking, on October 7th.
I believe this is why. There was money laundering from these banks – but there was data laundering, too.
Reports:
FISA warrant granted on these banks (me, HeatStreet, Nov 7th 2016).
FISA warrant granted on these banks October 15th – Paul Wood, BBC
US IC is correlating the voter database hack to targeting, with collusion – Paul Wood, BBC
Alfa Bank and Firtash, who hired Manafort, actually own SCL and Cambridge Analytica – Ann Marlowe, the Tablet
There is a secret server belonging to Alfa Bank passing information back to Russia – Franklin Foer, Slate and David Corn, Mother Jones
Alex Kogan of GSR, later SCL, illegally scraped, without permission, the data of millions of Facebook users – the Guardian
Kogan fled to Singapore and renamed themselves Alex Spectre – Motherboard
General Flynn was in touch with a Russian spy ring at Cambridge University – the Financial Times
Dimitry Firtash donated to Cambridge University – Ann Marlowe, the Tablet
Voter databases were hacked by Russia – US Intelligence
Wikileaks and Gruccifer2 are Russian fronts – US intelligence
Wikileaks bought Russian servers in advance of the release of the DNC hacks – Laurelai Bailey, for Patribotics
Wikileaks handed its SSL keys to Putin's Hacker Pytor Chayonov – me, for Patribotics
Thousands of people have rallied in Hong Kong to protest against the jailing of three prominent pro-democracy activists.
In sweltering heat, the demonstrators marched from the district of Wan Chai to the Court of Final Appeal on Sunday in support of Joshua Wong, 20, Nathan Law, 24 and Alex Chow, 27, who were sentenced to between six and eight months in prison on Thursday.
The three were found guilty of unlawful assembly last year for their role in the "Umbrella Movement" civil disobedience movement in 2014, demanding full democracy.
They were handed the jail terms by an appeals court after the Hong Kong's Department of Justice applied for a review, seeking imprisonment.
READ MORE: Q&A - The Hong Kong teenager who confronted China
Hong Kong, a former British colony, returned to China in 1997 under a "one country, two systems" agreement that ensured its freedoms, including a separate legal system.
But Beijing has ultimate control, and some people in Hong Kong are concerned it is increasingly interfering to head off dissent.
The financial hub was rocked by nearly three months of mostly peaceful street occupations in late 2014, demanding Beijing grant the city full democracy.
The "Umbrella Movement", which drew hundreds of thousands of protesters at its peak, was triggered after Wong and their colleagues stormed into a courtyard fronting the city's government headquarters.
'Give back hope to my children'
Former student leader Lester Shum, who helped organise Sunday's rally, said the number of protesters was the highest since the 2014 protests.
"This shows that the Hong Kong government, the Chinese Communist regime and the Department of Justice's conspiracy to deter Hong Kong people from continuing to participate in politics and to protest using harsh laws and punishments has completely failed," Shum told Reuters news agency.
The protesters held signs which read: "Give back hope to my children" and "One prisoner of conscience is one too many".
William Cheung, an engineer in their 40s, told AFP news agency that the ruling is "the beginning of white terror" in Hong Kong.
"These young people are our hope for the future. We shouldn't treat them like this," Jackson Wai, a retired teacher in their 70s, told AFP.
Protesters brandished a large banner saying: "It's not a crime to fight against totalitarianism."
They shouted: "Release all political prisoners. Civil disobedience. We have no fear. We have no regrets."
Al Jazeera's Divya Gopalan, reporting from the rally, said: "What's interesting is that besides the pro-democracy activists and students usually seen at such protests, we're also seeing a lot of the older generation and parents."
"Hong Kong is changing," an elderly woman at the protest told Al Jazeera. "The freedom of democracy is all gone. We don't trust the government."
'Standing together'
Ray Wong, 24, leader of the pro-independence group Hong Kong Indigenous, said the issue is uniting government opponents.
"Since the Umbrella movement, the radical and milder forces walked their own path," they said, referring to the 2014 democracy movement. "We're now standing together. It is a good start."
OPINION: How Hong Kong's 'Umbrella Movement' folded
Just before the sentencing, a defiant Wong told around 100 supporters who thronged into the High Court lobby on Thursday that they had no regrets and urged them to keep fighting for full democracy.
The jail terms for Wong, Law and Chow disqualify them from running for the legislature for the next five years.
Image caption The number of landlords has risen significantly since 2002
As many as 5.2 million UK adults - or one in 10 - have bought or inherited a second home, according to research.
Think tank the Resolution Foundation said the number of multiple homeowners grew by 30% between 2002 and 2014.
That figure includes buy-to-let landlords - counted as one owner even if they have multiple properties - as well as those who own separate properties to live in themselves.
At the other end of the scale, four in 10 adults own no property at all.
The foundation said the number of people without property had also risen over the 12-year period.
As a result, the study concluded that there was a growing gap between those who have property wealth and those who do not.
The government is already ploughing £60m a year into rural and coastal communities that are most affected by second home ownership, such as Cornwall and Cumbria.
The money - raised from the Stamp Duty surcharge - supports first-time buyers.
Baby boomers
Those most likely to own a second home are baby-boomers, currently aged between 52 and 71. They also typically live in the south of England.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cornwall has many second-home owners
"Contrary to the popular narrative, these second-home owners are rarely your typical middle-income worker shoring up savings, or ordinary retirees boosting pension income," said Laura Gardiner, senior policy analyst at the Resolution Foundation.
"They tend to be baby boomers who are very wealthy indeed relative to their peers, living in the south and east of England."
Those born since 1981 own just 3% of second homes, according to the report.
Stamp duty
Since April 2016 those buying second homes have been subject to higher rates of Stamp Duty in England and Wales, and higher Land and Buildings Transaction Tax (LBTT) in Scotland.
In addition, landlords are no longer able to claim tax relief on all their mortgage payments. This change is being phased in between April 2017 and 2020.
It is not yet known to what extent such changes have led landlords to sell up.
Despite those clamp-downs, the Resolution Foundation would like the government to do more to end the property wealth gap.
"policymakers should consider what more can be done to ensure that home ownership doesn't become the preserve of the wealthy for generations to come," said Ms Gardiner.
Feminist Frequency, Linkle and Unattainable Standards
SHOGUN Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 18, 2015
If you don't already know what this post is going to be about, allow me to provide some context:
Today Feminist Frequency (and Anita Sarkeesian by extension) made the following tweets, presumably to clarify their views on Linkle in light of their apparent hypocrisy:
In these three tweets Anita is clarifying their views — not quite backpedaling or moving the goalposts, but I still find their argument weak nonetheless.
What exactly is they saying here? That because Linkle is a separate character, for a spin-off of the Zelda series and not part of the main series itself, she's simply not good enough? Well first off, isn't having any kind of new female character in the Zelda universe, no matter how insignificant they may be, a step in the right direction? Is there really any need to dismiss the character out of hand as ‘a kid-sister version of Link in a non-core-Zelda 3DS game', when hardly any information has been released about her? Sure, it's not the most original design, but that's a little harsh.
Besides, what Anita claims to dislike is that because Linkle ‘is so clearly set apart from Link, Linkle only works to reinforce the notion of ‘male as default''. OK, and how is having a bonafide, analogous female Link in a flagship Zelda game not reinforcing ‘male as default'?
What I'm understanding here is Anita wants a female Link that for all intents and purposes is Link, but simultaneously a separate character to male Link, so as to avoid becoming a Ms. Male character? That's quite the conundrum. It's not like Nintendo could do much to distinguish her; Link isn't exactly a rich well of character depth; how much personality can you add to a mute adventurer who's pretty much a blank state and whose sole characteristic is being heroic?
Link has always been a male character since the first Zelda, and as long as a female Link took on the mantle of Link, we would only see them as a derivation of the ‘male default' Link that we have come to know, no matter how different their personality or appearance was.
The only way of truly escaping the ‘male default' trap would be to create a new default, a new character to build the game around, with no canonical strings attached.
Or better yet, why not have a Zelda game where you're actually fucking play as Princess Zelda, and have to save Link? Then you'd actually be doing something fresh and subversive, as opposed to a lazy gender-swap (how would the relationship between female Link and Zelda work, anyway? Would they be lesbians..?).
Long story short: you can't have your cake and eat it Anita. Either you're in favour of a female Link that will always be seen as a Ms Male character, or you want what looks like a female version of Link, but is a separate character in their own right like Linkle (yes the name could be better).
And you said you want a female Link, hmm..?
You honestly just can't win with the likes of Anita. Can you imagine what a conversation between an SJW demanding a female Link and Nintendo would be like?
SJW: Umm so yeah don't you think it's about time we had a female Link? Nintendo: *Introduces Linkle to Hyrule Warriors*
SJW: No no, not a second rate female Link that's a separate character, we want an actual female Link in a Zelda game!
Nintendo: *Makes a Zelda game with female Link, making sure they are just as strong and capable as male Link*
SJW: OMFG, so you just made a female Link that's exactly the same as male Link?? That's LITERALLY the definition of a Ms. Male character!!
Nintendo: *Gives female Link distinguishing features and traits to separate them from male Link, sweats profusely*
SJW: Are you fucking kidding me? So you gave them gender normative traits just because she's a woman?? Fuck you and your female stereotypes!!
Nintendo: *Begs for forgiveness, commits seppuku*
From the first day of their papacy, Jorge Mario Bergoglio, Papa Francesco, changed the mood music around the Vatican by presenting the world with a very different kind of pope. Wearing a simple white cassock, they declined to live in the papal apartment and chose instead to stay in a Vatican guesthouse so that they could continue to live in a community. They scandalized some Church traditionalists, washing the feet of female juvenile delinquents and expressing nonjudgmental compassion for gay priests, and treated everyone—even journalists—with infectious, sunny warmth, simplicity, and disarming candor. Without saying so, they seemed to be casting off a traditional idea of the pope as a solitary, infallible absolute monarch. Pius XII, who reigned from 1939 until 1958, ate alone all but a few times during their nearly twenty-year papacy. Francis's predecessor, Benedict XVI, had paid close attention to papal vestments, steeped in the liturgical meaning of this or that medieval garment.
The papacy during the last years of Benedict had come to seem an institution in sad decline, closed off behind the Vatican walls, out of touch, on the defensive, fighting a losing cultural war with its own followers, resigned to a smaller Church of “true believers,” in a hostile or indifferent secular world. Francis changed that almost overnight by showing how radically challenging it could be if a world leader tried to put into practice the basic precepts of the Christian gospel—dedicating oneself fully to task of loving and caring for others—and doing so with genuine joy.
Yet the question remained: Would these stylistic changes translate into significant, lasting shifts in the life and doctrine of the Catholic Church and, if so, how? We are beginning to get some concrete answers. Francis's candid public interviews and their most recent publication, a two-hundred-and-twenty-four-page apostolic exhortation called “Evangelii Gaudium” (“The Joy of the Gospel”), have attracted the most attention. But they have also made a series of careful management changes that may transform the Church.
The changes they outline can be characterized by what they call a paradoxical combination of “prudence and boldness.” Some of the boldness is present in the document's language. It contains some ringing rhetoric as well as the directness of a priest talking to their parishioners. “The first novelty is the use of the first person,” Father Vicinio Albanesi wrote in the Catholic magazine Famiglia Cristiana. “There is no ‘royal we,' and no convoluted, vague sentences.” This is accompanied by some wonderfully homespun, direct language. The clergy, Francis writes, must be so close to their flock that they “take on the ‘smell of the sheep,' ” and only then are “the sheep … willing to hear their voice.” This means “standing by people at every step of the way, no matter how difficult or lengthy this may prove to be.”
Francis also included long passages decrying growing economic inequality, insisting that it is as much a Christian imperative to intervene in an “economy that kills,” as it is to respect the commandment against killing itself. “How can it be that it is not a news item when an elderly homeless person dies of exposure, but it is news when the stock market loses two points?” (John Cassidy has written more about that aspect of the document.)
But there is also considerable prudence in “The Joy of the Gospel;” on the surface, it does not appear to contain major doctrinal changes. Church traditionalists will be heartened by Francis's clear statement that the stand against abortion will not change:
I want to be completely honest in this regard. This is not something subject to alleged reforms or “modernizations.” It is not “progressive” to try to resolve problems by eliminating a human life.… Frequently, as a way of ridiculing the Church's effort to defend their lives, attempts are made to present their position as ideological, obscurantist and conservative. Yet this defence of unborn life is closely linked to the defence of each and every other human right.
Similarly, Francis (as they have done before) made clear that there will be no ordination of female priests. But then, Francis adds a note of considerable interest: “It can prove especially divisive if sacramental power is too closely identified with power in general.… The ministerial priesthood is one means employed by Jesus for the service of their people, yet our great dignity derives from baptism, which is accessible to all.” This may seem like mere word play, sugarcoating a bitter pill, but what they are saying is actually quite radical. If you conceive of the Church as a pyramid of power, with the priesthood at the top, the Roman Curia above them, and the pope at its pinnacle, then the exclusion of women from the priesthood is a plain, intolerable injustice. But if you imagine a decentralized Church, in which local parishes and bishoprics have far more autonomy and there are many other ways of acquiring authority and serving, the priesthood recedes in importance. (But if all the bishops, and those with decision-making authority, are priests—and therefore men—it's not clear that even a decentralized Church will necessarily guarantee a voice for women.)
Indeed, much of the document is concerned with reorienting the priorities of the Church rather than changing its doctrines. (These passages reaffirming aspects of traditional Church teaching occur toward the end, while the great bulk of the exhortation sounds notes of love, inclusion, and missionary passion.) While never criticizing their predecessors, Francis makes clear that they think the Church in recent decades has made a major mistake by placing divisive social issues at the center. “The Church sometimes has locked itself up in small things, in small-minded rules,” they said in an interview this past August with Antonio Spadaro, the director of the Jesuit magazine La Civiltà Cattolica. “The most important thing is the first proclamation: Jesus Christ has saved you. And the ministers of the church must be ministers of mercy above all.… We cannot insist only on issues related to abortion, gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods. This is not possible.”
Francis explains that there is a “hierarchy of truths”: loving and caring for people comes way before, say, scolding believers with complex lives on the ways in which their behavior strays from traditional dogma. The confessional “must not be a torture chamber but rather an encounter with the Lord's mercy which spurs us on to do our best,” they write.
But Francis is doing more than just telling their fellow-priests to emphasize the “good news” of the Gospel rather than the “bad news” of Church dogma. Francis has initiated very significant organizational changes that have received far less attention than their remarkable public appearances, according to Andrea Tornielli, a longtime Vatican journalist, coördinator of La Stampa's Web site, Vatican Insider, and author of two books on Pope Francis. “He is undertaking a deep reform of the Roman Curia,” Tornielli said in a telephone interview, referring to the Vatican bureaucracy based in Rome, “and they are creating new structures of governance.” Among the most important is a group of eight cardinals—jokingly referred to as the G-8—who act as a kind of regular cabinet for the pope. They come from all over the world and give the Pope input from outside the Vatican. Moreover, the Pope has made clear that they intend to delegate more power to the various conferences of bishops.
Francis has called for a Synod of Bishops next year to discuss “the pastoral challenges for the family,” asking bishops to query their parishioners on issues ranging from divorce to gay marriage. The fact that their “Joy of the Gospel” contains few doctrinal changes does not mean, according to Tornielli, they may not be coming: “Given the things they have said about decentralization, it would be against that spirit of collegiality for them to announce major changes in doctrine all by himself. The point is to create structures of consultation so that decisions are reached through a process of collegiality.”
With their curious mix of “prudence and boldness,” Francis is taking on one of the fundamental dilemmas of the Catholic Church: Who decides? During its early history, there was much more internal democracy within the Church: bishops were generally elected by their parishioners and major doctrinal issues were decided at ecumenical councils rather than by the pope, a term that didn't really come into common use until the seventh century A.D. This tug-of-war between bishops and the pope was eventually won by Rome and actually escalated in the nineteenth century with the declaration of papal infallibility by Pius IX, in 1870. Pope John XXIII, who initiated the Second Vatican Council in 1959, attempted to introduce the principle of “collegiality” into the Church, along with other reforms, but failed to carry them out fully before their death in 1963. Soon after, the papacy returned to its traditional monarchic structure.
Francis refers to John XXIII often in their exhortation. “We have made little progress in this regard,” they write. “The papacy and the central structures of the universal Church also need to hear the call to pastoral conversion. The Second Vatican Council stated that, like the ancient patriarchal Churches, episcopal conferences are in a position ‘to contribute in many and fruitful ways to the concrete realization of the collegial spirit'. Yet this desire has not been fully realized.”
As for infallibility, “the image of the church I like is that of the holy, faithful people of God,” they said in the interview with Spadaro. “The people itself constitutes a subject. And the church is the people of God on the journey through history, with joys and sorrows.… And all the faithful, considered as a whole, are infallible in matters of belief, and the people display this infallibilitas in credendo, this infallibility in believing, through a supernatural sense of the faith of all the people walking together.”
Often, in the past eight months, many have found themselves wondering, How did this radical reformer ever get elected pope? Many thought that because all the cardinals electing the pope were appointed by the doctrinally conservative Popes John Paul II and Benedict XVI, the new pope would be a carbon copy of their predecessors. Instead, there was clearly a welling up of demand for reform, especially from cardinals from outside of Italy, for a less Rome-centered Church. This, undoubtedly, increases the chance that major changes in the way the Church operates will actually stick.
Photograph by Franco Origlia/Getty.
If you've ever thought that men are threatened by women using vibrators, a new national survey out of Indiana University may prove you wrong.
According to the survey, which polled over 3,000 Americans ages 18 to 60, the idea that vibrators are intimidating to women's sexual partners is largely held by, well, women: while 70 percent of men professed they had no problem with the buzzing sex toys, 37 percent of women either agreed or strongly agreed with the idea that using a vibrator would be upsetting to their partners.
This level of acceptance of vibrator use among men shouldn't come as a total shock; a 2009 survey, also conducted by Indiana University, found that 45 percent of men owned up to using a vibrator -- most to please a partner -- and half of all Americans use vibrators.
To go beyond usage statistics and gauge perceptions of women's vibrator use, male and female participants in the more recent study were given identical online surveys where they were asked to agree or disagree with positive statements like "[vibrators are a] healthy part of many women's sex lives" and negative ones like "[using vibrators] makes women too dependent on them for pleasure," Live Science reports. The results? Nearly half of participants either "agreed" or "strongly agreed" with all of the positive belief statements and less than 10 percent of those surveyed endorsed the negative statements.
While Debra Herbenick, lead researcher and associate director at Indiana University's Center for Sexual Health Promotion, claims their study is the first to examine beliefs about vibrators, there has been much buzz in the press about the prevalence of these personal (and interpersonal) devices. Scientific American recently reported that sex toys are a $500-million-per-year industry in North America alone, and a 2009 worlwide survey by Durex found that the U.S. ranks 2nd in vibrator use worldwide.
With the upcoming release of "Hysteria," a film about the early medical usage of vibrators to treat women, vibrators appear to be going even more mainstream -- if they haven't already achieved mainstream status. As we noted previously, low-cost vibrators manufactured by condom brands like Durex, Trojan, and Lifestyles can now be found in your local pharmacy's personal care aisle.
But with public acceptance on the rise and falling prices, are vibrators the magic solution to a better sex life? Not so fast, Herbenick says: While there may be a connection between vibrators and more satisfying sex, women who use vibrators may already be more sexually comfortable and confident -- an idea she's not alone in suggesting. As Diana Wiley, Ph.D., a Los Angeles- based sexologist, recently told Men's Health: "Women who masturbate know their bodies, and they're often able to reach orgasm with a partner more easily than those who don't."
I recall a photograph, taken in the late 1960s or early '70s, during some sort of protest (it could have been anywhere, about pretty much anything, given the high level of unrest). A rank of soldiers stood in full combat gear, rifle barrels pointed straight up in front of their faces. They were at attention, with firm expressions, eyes forward. A slim, beautiful hippie chick faced one of the soldiers and was sliding the stem of a daisy down the barrel of their gun. They had been working their way down the rank, performing the same gesture with each soldier's rifle, as they stood fast without reaction.
I was a member of their tribe back then: a peace-loving, pot-smoking, long-haired hippie revolutionary. I was age 17 or so, and still in high school in a small Midwestern town. It was “Revolutionary Lite,” as advertising might put it today. The photo summed up much of what we counterculture visionaries believed: Give Peace a Chance; Make Love, Not War; the Age of Aquarius. . . .
The girl's tender, innocent gesture seemed so powerful when deployed against the intimidating might of the soldiers. They were the face of our fight against the rigidity and repression of society's Judeo-Christian morality, looming military-industrial complex, tight-sphinctered, hawkish, unimaginative conservative leaders, and the greedy fat cats who secretly ran the whole mess while enriching themselves.
Underpinning the whole protest movement was a wholesale rejection of stifling, repressive (we thought), unthinking (we decided), pro forma middle-class morality. We intended to shake the rigid framework of establishment conformity, pull it down to rubble and lay claim to our right to unbridled self-expression and guilt-free sex. While we were at it, we would free people of color, end racism and poverty, and liberate women from the forced sexual slavery of the obsolete, patriarchal institution of marriage.
We had opened our minds to ideas our parents were incapable of grasping, too square to accept. We were going to unleash a wave of drug-fueled creativity unseen in human history, generously slathered with Harmony and Understanding, according to a song from a popular Broadway play featuring gratuitous nudity.
From Free Love to Control Freaks
Forty-five years later: By this time, we had instituted a wildly successful pogrom in higher education, eliminating most of the conservative faculty and driving the rest underground. We ran amok, instituting freethinking, progressive reforms at every level of the system. “Real change” takes time, but we were in it for the long haul, and dedicated ourselves to endure the grind of teaching two classes a week, cocaine-fueled orgies, and the ceaseless parsing of curriculum into unrecognizable snippets such as Post-Woodstock Transgender Inuit Long-Form Cinema Studies.
Gradually, new codes of conduct were instituted to ensure everyone was comfortable at all times. Brad must ask Heather if it's cool to reach under their blouse. Heather is deeply offended and carries a giant foam hand on campus for the next month. (Curiously, the foam hand ended up in a starring role at the Video Music Awards later that year.) Before you can say “Don't Bogart That Joint,” the flower people had transformed our universities and colleges into the most rigid, closed-minded, repressive, unthinking, tight-sphinctered…whoa. What the hell happened?
It gets worse. The enlightened former freaks who now inhabit these campuses have become increasingly hypersensitive and nasty, spitting tacks at people for all manner of imaginary crimes such as “cultural appropriation.” Recently, a white guy got hammered for wearing dreadlocks. This is deeply ironic because, as I recall, we hippies were masters of cultural appropriation. Hookahs, Nehru jackets, bead curtains, reggae, Eastern religions, sitar music, Tibetan prayer flags, chakras, ethnic food, dashikis, Rasta shoulder bags, ironically worn military apparel, mandalas, henna tattoos, muumuus, hand-woven Guatemalan tunics, pyramid power, Maori tattoos, macramé — excuse me for a moment, I think I'm having an acid flashback. Trails, beautiful trails. . . .
Ahem. Apparently, this appropriation business has become big business. Visit one of the hippie apparel shops online and pick up a Native American Dream Catcher necklace or a Kathmandu boho sling bag. Maybe a nice African thumb piano, or a pair of Cambodian water buffalo sandals — just “add to cart” and check out with your Amex Platinum card. The people who are griping about these outrages support entire industries based on cultural appropriation.
We Hate Marriage, So More People Need to Have It
Over on the legal battleground, the Supreme Court recently decided that marriage, which, we will recall, is a form of institutionalized misogynist sexual exploitation, is also a fundamental human right, and should be available to any two humans who want to get matrimonial. That's okay with me: I believe our society will benefit from more stable relationships, whomever the participants.
But that's not good enough for sore winners. Now clergy will be forced by law to perform marriages for same-sex couples. While it's still perfectly legal for a Presbyterian minister to decline to marry a couple of heterosexual Methodists simply because they aren't members of the congregation, they will be committing a crime if they refuse to perform nuptials for two dudes who are shopping for a ceremonial backdrop. Here's another loose end: If two women get married, which one is getting sexually exploited?
Then there's the “cake issue.” Evidently, if a same-sex couple wants to have a wedding reception, the blessed ceremony loses a bit of its panache if they didn't get to force a Christian to make their cake against their beliefs. Do you really want someone who opposes what you are doing to make your wedding cake? God knows what could be in there. “Anyone for a slice of White Almond Chiffon with loogies?” Of course, a gay baker would never be forced to make desserts for the Westboro Baptist Church. Nor would they ask.
In an even more cynical episode in recent news, a professor of journalism was fired for inciting violence against a . . . wait for it . . . journalist, who was covering a campus protest. For practicing journalism, in other words. Apparently, they were unable to see the irony of the situation and was given the boot. One has to despair for the careers of their students. In the wide universe of news organizations, their job prospects will be limited to MSNBC and HuffPo. Despair not, cubs, sooner or later Rachel Maddow will accidentally perceive a causal relationship correctly, and there will be an opening.
When Aggrieved People Get Power
Wheeling back to our hippie chick flowering rifles. This took place during a campus protest that was obviously also attended by soldiers. With guns. And bullets. As we witnessed at Kent State, these situations can get out of hand. On today's campuses, however, they're getting worked up over “microaggressions” and “triggers.” A bullet in the spine is aggression. And there was a real trigger involved at Kent.
Meanwhile, at Emory University, some fascist from outside the perimeter jumped the razor wire and wrote “Trump 2016” on the sidewalk in chalk — a situation that could easily be remediated with a bucket of water. Instead, the student government allocated emergency funding for counseling sessions, and the college administration issued the usual limp apologies and assurances. Students were afraid to attend classes because they might sit near someone with a different worldview. One student at another college demanded that a pro-life student be moved as far from them as possible in the classroom, otherwise they would be incapable of learning. It sounds as if they already are.
Today's outraged, privileged, fragile snowflakes conjure up utterly trivial nonsense to consider as an affront: microaggression. This can include using the wrong one of more than 50 gender pronouns, sideways glances, snort-chuckling, eye rolling, resigned sighing, and even merely existing in proximity to a person with raw sensitivity. Sorry to get too linguistically nitpicky (that's Noam Chomsky's territory), but shouldn't behavior be required to attain a certain level of intensity to earn the term “aggression”? What's next— nanoaggression? Will kindness be re-categorized as “negative aggression” and become another form of effrontery?
What we've learned from this process, is when aggrieved people— even peace-loving flower children— acquire power, they invariably turn into oppressors as horrible as, or worse than, the tyrants they replaced. This is how we have come to witness the spectacle of a white guy with dreadlocks being assaulted by a black woman wearing Bob Marley flip-flops, neither of whom is a Rastafarian or Jamaican.
Where have all the hippies gone?
Gone for tyrants, every one.
When will we ever learn, when will we ever learn?
And what of the hippie chick? The photo I so clearly recall was actually taken in October 1967 during a antiwar demonstration near the Pentagon. The “flowerista” was a young man, the rifles were pointed at them — not up — and the flowers were carnations. Further, the soldiers were not in a rank but forming a semicircle around a group of protesters, and some of the soldiers were removing the flowers.
This means I was actually 14 years old, in the eighth grade and hadn't yet become a hippie, which sheds some light on how all this could have gone so wrong. People like me are running our institutions of higher learning. These are people whose policies are based on beliefs and memories formed by drug-addled teenagers 50 years ago. These beliefs are vivid, strongly held, and almost all the details are wrong.
The Sutta Pitaka is the second part of the three-part Tripitaka, or (Three baskets [of texts]), the primary canon of Buddhism.The Sutta Pitaka contains more than 10,000 suttas delivered by the Buddha around the time of their 45 year teaching career. It also contains many additional suttas from members of the sangha. (sangha are groups of Buddhist monks)
There are five nikayas (collections) in the Sutta Pitaka. Looking at the nikayas you'll notice Khuddaka Nikaya, which is "the division of short books". This consists of 15 books (eighteen in the Burmese edition) with many Buddhist stories and verses inside. Book 10 of the Khuddaka Nikaya is the Jataka.
The Jātaka is a collection of 547 stories, from the Sutta Pitaka division of the Tripitaka. Like the rest of the Tripitaka, the Jataka is in Pali, a north Indian dialect related to Sanskrit, which appears to be the literary language of early Buddhism.
If you've been reading any news lately, you know in the midst of the battle for the White House, a fight for transparency of a liquid concoction has been brewing (literally) on Capitol Hill. And transparency has prevailed thanks to an online petition to release the White House beer recipes. Today the White House released the official recipes for its American beers, the White House Honey Ale and Porter. Both are now listed on the White House blog.
Heck, they even have a video to show you how to do it yourself.
But the question remains, if you aren't a brewmaster, how do you get your hands on the legitimate White House quality beer? Well, an entrepreneur has taken it upon their savvy self to save you the effort with the White House Brewing company. Listed on Kickstarter, the project aims to develop brewkits to make your own White House beer, as well as start a brewery themselves to save you the trouble. So far $30 has been raised of the $50,000 goal, with different pledging levels solidifying you mugs, t-shirts, and entire brewing kits. Capitalism at its finest, of course. The Kickstarter funding deadline will end in 29 days.
Quench your thirst with their pitch below.
Source: White House and Kickstarter
Senior Russian parliamentarians have said that the latest deadly attack in France is yet more proof that international cooperation in the fight against international terrorism is vitally important.
The truck attack in Nice that took place on Thursday night shows that Western nations must start engaging in closer interaction with Russia and its special services in countering the common threat of terrorism, the head of the Upper House committee for international relations, Konstantin Kosachev, told the press.
“It is absolutely clear now that some changes are due in international relations. The Islamic State [IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL] and other terrorist groups that attempt to control the world with fear have reared their heads only because the world had not found an opportunity to consolidate and give a joint response to this threat,” Russian news site Life quoted Kosachev as saying on Friday.
“I would prefer to believe that we have no other choice but to act differently. Terrorism is outside human morals, is outside politics and outside settling any accounts between nations,” they said.
READ MORE: France vows to retaliate for Nice attack, extends state of emergency
The head of the State Duma committee for security, Irina Yarovaya, emphasized that Russia has always proposed that all nations should unite efforts to defeat terrorism and continues to advocate this. “The world must stop this hypocrisy and act harshly and resolutely. The anti-terror fight must be based on the international law as well as on national laws,” Yarovaya said. “The tragedy is in the fact that, due to the never ending series of terrorist attacks, the condolences have literally become a regular ritual in society and in just a few days these condolences are followed by a mess of irresponsibility and inaction.”
At the same time, the lawmaker noted that the decisions and actions of Russia's authorities have always been taken with the goal of providing better protection for the lives of Russian citizens.
Deputy head of the State Duma Committee for International Relations Roman Khudyakov said they believe the attack in Nice could have been prevented if French authorities had accepted Russia's entreaties to join their efforts in the fight against terror.
“Of course, everything could have been prevented if they had cooperated with our special services, if they had accepted Vladimir Putin's proposal to join forces in the fight against the Islamic State,” the lawmaker said, adding that Russia was mourning the victims of the attack together with France.
In a televised address released on Friday, President Vladimir Putin said that Russia understood the pain and grief caused by terrorism and felt for the loss of the lives from the Nice terrorist attack. “The crime in Nice, which targeted people – including Russian citizens – was particularly cruel and cynical,” Putin said, adding that only a joint effort to eradicate terrorism can succeed.
READ MORE: Putin: Russia feels for French loss from terrorism, having own experience.
According to the latest reports, at least 84 people died and about 100 were injured when a man armed with a gun drove a truck through a crowd of people celebrating Bastille day in the French resort town of Nice. According to mass media, one of the victims was a Russian woman from Moscow.
The attacker, reportedly a man of Tunisian origin, was killed by the police.
Image copyright Getty Images
UK industrial output grew at the fastest rate for 17 years in the April-to-June quarter, official figures show.
Industrial output grew 2.1% compared with the first quarter of the year, the Office for National Statistics said.
Despite the quarterly figures there were signs that growth on a monthly basis was slowing during the three-month period.
But the ONS said "very few" respondents had been affected by the uncertainty from the EU referendum vote on 23 June.
The production figures reflect the latest official growth figures for the whole economy which show strong GDP growth in April, followed by a sharp easing off in May and June.
Meanwhile in a separate report the ONS said the deficit on trade in goods and services was £5.1bn in June, compared with a £4.2bn the month before.
The UK exported £12bn worth of goods and services to the European Union in June, an increase of £500m compared with May.
High point?
Most of the growth in the quarter came in April when output rose by more than 2% on the previous month. By June the month on month increase had slowed to just 0.1%
Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said: "The 2.1% quarter-on-quarter rise in production in the second quarter... mainly reflected the 2.3% month-to-month jump in production in April."
Some recent surveys have suggested the economy slowed sharply in the wake of the Brexit vote.
Lee Hopley, chief economist at EEF, the manufacturers' organisation, said: "Clearly, indicators of sentiment post referendum suggest that we've hit the high point for manufacturing this year.
"Amidst the wavering levels of confidence however we should take away some positive news, firstly that manufacturing entered this period of uncertainty from a relatively strong stance and the weaker exchange rate could yet bring benefits on the export side."
However, Mr Tombs said: "We fear that the trade boost could take even longer than usual to materialise this time, because exporters will be very reluctant to invest until the UK's future trade arrangements are known.
"In short, hopes that exports will surge and offset the Brexit hit to domestic demand seem misplaced."
Doorways are apparently “a survival horror game in which nothing is what it seems.” But I am pretty sure that what I just saw in that trailer was pretty scary. If it seems scary, then it is scary. Or perhaps just gross: that bit with the wheel is just unpleasant. Anyway, Doorways is an Argentinian videogame which seems to slot right in to a particular place on the shelf of videogame toe-curling which we've enjoyed so much these past years. It also threatens to hold hands with the first-person puzzle genre, as the devs explain: “From simple mind puzzles to timed and agility demanding situations, each level or scene in the game presents to you a different gameplay obstacle to overcome.”
That trailer lies beneath.
WooooOOOOOOooooo. It's on Greenlight.
Officials from Brazil, which would export goods under the South American bloc Mercosur, and the UK have both expressed strong interest in exploring a free trade deal once the latter has exited the EU.
The Brazilians, along with trading partners Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay, would like to see more of their beef, pork and poultry sold across Britain's retail and foodservice sector.
“We still have not had any official conversation on that [trade deal] yet, but for us in the private sector there is a lot of interest in a future agreement between Mercosur and the UK,​” said Camila Sande.
Brazil wants ‘ambitious market access'​
Speaking amid Irish-led criticism of Brazil's food production standards​, Sande, from international negotiations at the Confederation of Agriculture and Livestock in Brazil (CNA​), stressed Brazilian meat processors, under the auspices of Mercosur, wanted to enhance export opportunities to the UK.
Former Brazilian diplomat Roberto Jaguaribe​, who now heads up Apex-Brasil (the Brazilian Trade and Investment Promotion Agency), has stressed he, too, is keen on to get more Brazilian meat on supermarket shelves.
“With trade liberalisation topping our commercial agenda, Brazil is eager to further diversify its trading partners,” they said, adding: “Achieving ambitious market access for strategic agricultural sectors will be of core importance in any negotiation Mercosur embarks on.​”
Pressed on how a Brazilian trade deal would benefit Brazil, Jaguaribe said: “The British, as well as European consumers and businesses stand to substantially gain from better access to high-quality and sustainably produced Brazilian meat. Consumers can afford to buy better-quality products for less, and businesses can improve their competitiveness through wider choice.​
“For Brazil, agriculture is a key driver of a social and economic development that has helped over 40 million people to be lifted into the middle class in the past 10 years.​”
Earlier this year, a spokesperson for the UK Department for International Trade (DIT) told our sister site Meat Trades Journal​ ​(paywall) that British government would explore opportunities with Brazil post-Brexit.
The UK will leave the EU in March 2019 and cannot launch trade negotiations with any other country until it has exited the 28-member political union.
English-speaking countries Australia and the US have also expressed strong interest in entering into free trade agreements with the UK post-Brexit.
The Israeli army decided last week to close the main gateway Palestinian farmers from four villages use to access their lands — which Israel cut them off from with the separation fence. After a protest the army re-opened the gate, but the incident shows how Israel controls every aspect of Palestinian life.
Photos and Text: Ahmad al-Bazz / Activestills.org
Since Israeli started building its separation barrier in the West Bank, Palestinian farmers living along the fence have been cut off from their agricultural lands t
When Israel started building its separation wall and fence through the West Bank over a decade ago, the route it chose cut many Palestinian farmers off from their lands. As a result of legal appeals and other arrangements, the army built gates in the fence and wall through which it permits the farmers to reach their lands on certain days and during certain hours.
Read also: A journey into the dark heart of Israel's permit regime
Last week, the Israeli army's Civil Administration, the military government in the West Bank, informed Palestinian farmers from four West Bank villages — Kafr Jammal, Kafr Zibad, Kafr Abbus and Kafr Sur — that the gate they use to reach their lands, which lie on the other side of the fence.
In order to reach their lands, the army told the farmers that they would have to use another gate near the village of Jayyous, about 15 kilometers from their usual gate near the village of Falamya. Some of the farmers told Activestills they believed the decision was the beginning of an attempt to confiscate their land. Israeli authorities often exploit an Ottoman law that permits the state to confiscate land that hasn't been cultivated for a number of years.
At 6 a.m. on Sunday the farmers arrived at their usual gate near Falamya, the gate their were told would be closed. They staged a demonstration demanding that the gate be re-opened.
Following the protest, the army decided to re-open the gate, saying that the closure was a pilot program, which was scrapped in light of the residents' protests.
On a normal day, Israeli soldiers open the gate at 6 a.m. to let the farmers access their lands and reopen it at noon, allowing them to come back. Sometimes, when the farmers finish their work early, they have to wait for hours until the soldiers come to open the gate.
The International Court of Justice has published its opinion that the route of the wall is illegal and called on Israel to cease construction of it. Israel claimed at the time that the route was temporary and did not constitute a change to the Green Line or attempted annexation.
The route of the separation fence/wall, however, does not follow the 1949 Green Line, which most of the world recognizes as the interim border between Israel and the West Bank. It snakes through the Palestinian territory and Israeli officials have even admitted that it is intended to be a future border, which would constitute illegal annexation.
Further, Palestinians whose privately owned land lies trapped on the other side of the separation barrier but still within the West Bank — the seam zone — must obtain permits from the Israeli Civil Administration. Often times such permits are arbitrarily denied, and are often used as leverage — one of many ways that Israel maintains its undemocratic control over the occupied population of Palestinians.
For additional original analysis and breaking news, visit +972 Magazines's Facebook page or follow us on Twitter. Our newsletter features a comprehensive round-up of the week's events. Sign up here.
Washington (CNN) The Clinton Foundation confirmed Thursday that it received as much as $26.4 million in previously unreported payments from foreign governments and corporations for speeches given by the Clintons.
It's the latest in a string of admissions from the foundation that it didn't always abide by a 2008 ethics agreement to disclose its funding sources publicly. That agreement, penned as Hillary Clinton became secretary of state, is certain to continue the headache that the foundation's work and donors have become for Clinton as they make another run at the White House.
The Washington Post first reported the news that, since 2002, Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton gave 97 speeches benefiting the foundation, earning anywhere from $10,000 to $1 million dollars in fees.
JUST WATCHED Bill Clinton addresses foundation donations Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bill Clinton addresses foundation donations 01:34
Former President Clinton was the biggest earner for speeches, giving three that brought in anywhere from $500,000 to $1 million.
Both they and their wife gave a smattering of speeches to foreign companies and other organizations for anywhere from $250,000 to $500,000. Bill Clinton spoke to Thailand's Ministry of Energy, China Real Estate Development Group, Ltd, and Qatar First Investment Bank; Hillary Clinton spoke to Goldman Sachs, Citibank and JP Morgan Chase, among others.
Read More
MSNBC's Joy Reid explained why they believe the Republican party has become 'Putinite' in a panel discussion Wednesday afternoon on Russia. Reid tied U.S. support of apartheid South Africa -- part of an attempt to stop the expansion of Soviet influence -- to the current Republican party that they said is "pro-Putin."
Reid said alt-right Republicans look at Putin as a figure who is advancing "white Christianity."
Reid is the host of AM Joy weekends on MSNBC.
From Wednesday's Deadline: White House with MSNBC host Nicolle Wallace:
JOY REID, MSNBC: My old Cold-warrior Reaganite father must be spinning in their grave to know that the United States which used to-- he's African, so the desire to limit the expansion of Russian spheres of influence led us to support the apartheid government of South Africa over Nelson Mandella. Now we have a Republican party that not only at its base is becoming Putinite, pro-Putin -- you're seeing it accelerate.
NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC HOST: It's not just the president. There are loud voices in conservative media who celebrate [Julian] Assange, who praise the brute strength of Putin.
REID: That's right. And for a lot of reasons the alt-right, for this sort of weird white nationalist reasons, they feel he's advancing white Christianity. Whatever it is, Russia is an adversary of the United States, wants to dismantle our influence in Europe. Trump seems to agree, they seem to agree that we should have less influence in Europe, that we should detach ourselves from the NATO alliance. That we should even dismantle our own cybersecurity and make ourselves more vulnerable to Russia, make ourselves more vulnerable to their influence.
It's shocking to see a Republican president essentially capitulate to almost everything Vladimir Putin could possibly want, the full menu, their Christmas list of what they want from the United States and wants to do to the West. Donald Trump wants to give them it.
Several items in Forbes' Special Report, "2020: What Happens Next," caught my eye, all related to the future of our food systems. Surely in North America we can always count on access to good food, right?
By now you've likely read about the delicacy of the just-in-time system we've created over the past several decades. It is a brilliant system from an operational perspective, but relies on inexpensive oil as well as instantaneous communications. When one or both of those are interrupted, like during a natural disaster, the weakness of the JIT system is exposed. When we're talking about food, any interruption to the 3000-mile Caesar Salad has immediate and dire consequences.
Look at the numbers: American grocery shelves only have three days of food available at any given time, and American citizens only have five days of food stored in their homes. Not good. This is a scenario crying out for resiliency to be built into it so we can better withstand shocks to the system.
But if we look beyond emergency preparedness to the everyday business of creating and distributing food, we find an interesting solution in Oregon, a Portland-based company called Food Hub. Food Hub connects regional and local (not national or international) buyers and sellers of produce. Buyers includ large-scale professionals at grocery chains, independent restaurant owners, and you and me, buying for our home grocery needs. Food Hub has created an online marketplace that leads to offline face-to-face relationships with both large and small scale farmers. It even includes those of us with pea patches in our backyards (this modern victory garden is tended by a Seattle area CFO).
The Forbes 2020 team of experts and authors predicts that by the year 2018, 20% of all food consumed in U.S. cities will come from rooftop and parking lot farms. Read that again: 20% of all food in the US. That is an enormous number. In addition to making our cities more resilient, the health benefits, for both our bodies and our planet, of consuming food that is grown within a small number of miles of our homes or work places, are significant. Keep reading through the 2020 report and you'll find food security noted in several other sections, ranging from phytomorphic machines due in 2013 to Chinese water wars predicted in 2020 (for drinking and crop irrigation). For a present-day look at water wars, look no further than our own western states; the American dust bowl is back.
Who will be the winners and losers as this trend continues? Outfits like Food Hub will win as the über-networkers are looked to by both buyers and sellers in the food equation. We're seeing organizations like Whole Foods Market dedicate more of their valuable shelf space to produce that is measured in the tens (not thousands) of miles. We're seeing Safeway and Albertsons busted by the Wall Street Journal for trying to fake it. As U.S. citizens begin to opt out of the food system en masse, garden supply companies like Peaceful Valley are also in position to benefit.
Where do you think you will you get your food from in the future?
Rethinking Markets: Anarchism, Capitalism, and the State
Download a PDF copy of Chris Shaw's full C4SS Study: Rethinking Markets
Markets are generally conceived as the bulwark of capitalism, greasing the wheels of capital accumulation and mobilisation and creating the class relations characteristic of modern capitalism. It creates winners and losers, and displaces workers and firm owners through the mechanisms of creative destruction and competition. This re-circulates ownership into increasingly fewer hands, placing the winners at the top as the owners of the means of production and capital and the losers as wage labourers or the lumpenproletariat, open to exploitation and domination.
This picture ignores the potential of markets. Markets need not be structures of organisation bound in capitalism or statism, but rather systems that can be shaped and determined by those within them, voluntarily controlled and distributed. In other words, bound in the collectivities and heterogeneities of an anarchist social order. By anarchism, I mean “a definite trend in the historic development of humankind, which, in contrast with the intellectual guardianship of all clerical and governmental institutions, strives for the free unhindered unfolding of all the individual and social forces in life”.
From this, I see markets as simply one example of an anarchist setting, allowing for free, equal actors to determine outcomes and achieve goals and values. But this definition inherently removes markets from the bounds of the state and capitalism. Both prompt their understandings as relative to that of the governmental and clerical respectively. The institution of the state encompasses the realm of law and order, the monopoly on violence, from which the institution of private property and the power relations of capitalism are maintained. Capitalism, as that of the clerical, creates consciences, pathologies and ideologies that allow for the maintenance of capitalist organisation . The two together comprise the modern socio-economic structure.
These clerical and governmental forces that wield vast amounts of power are a recent phenomenon. From my analysis, I hope to see some of the pathways which can change this system, moving from exploitation toward a system of voluntary collaboration and an economy embedded in the realm of the social. One that is heterogeneous and decentralised. As Paul Mason states, “It is entirely possible to build the elements of the new system molecularly within the old. In the cooperatives, the credit unions, the peer-networks, the unmanaged enterprises and the parallel, subcultural economies, these elements already exist”.
World War 1 All Over Again — Paul Craig Roberts
World War 1 All Over Again
The same fools play the same game
Paul Craig Roberts
“If you reduce the lie to a scientific system put it on thick and heavy, and with great effort and sufficient finances scatter it all over the world as the pure truth, you can deceive whole nations for a long time and drive them to slaughter for causes in which they have not the slightest interest.” — Chief French Editor, Behind the Scenes in French Journalism, describing the organization of World War 1 propaganda in France.
Did US Secretary of State John Kerry ask you before they delivered an all or nothing ultimatum to Russia? Did they ask Congress? Did they ask the countries of western and eastern Europe–NATO members who is a Kerry has committed to whatever the consequences will be of Washington's inflexible, arrogant, aggressive provocation of Russia, a well-armed nuclear power? Did Kerry ask Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, New Zealand, Australia, Canada, Mexico, South America, Africa, China, Central Asia, all of whom would be adversely affected by a world war provoked by the crazed criminals in Washington?
No.
They did not.
The exceptional, indispensable, arrogant, self-righteous United States government does not need to ask anyone. Washington speaks not merely for itself. Washington represents the country chosen by history (and the neoconservatives) to speak not merely for itself, but for the entire world.
Whatever Washington says is truth. Whatever Washington does is legal, in accordance with both domestic and international law. When Washington invades countries and destroys them, sends in drones and missiles, blows up people attending weddings, funerals and children's soccer games, Washington is practicing human rights and bringing democracy to the people. Whenever a country tries to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity, the country is engaging in terrorism, al-Qaeda connections, human rights violations, and suppressing democracy.
We are watching this audacity play out now in the confrontation with Russia that Washington's coup in Ukraine has provoked. Obama and Kerry have been advised by the idiots that comprise the US government that Russia will surrender and accept Washington's will if Washington is sufficiently insistent.
Apparently, no one has asked the advisors what happens if ultimatums are given, and the Russians do not submit.
Hey everyone!
Metadept's work on the new hunger system continues, but he's also been spending some time overhauling techs! Here's what's happening with the new tech system:
Tech has been reduced to three tech slots (from four). Each of these slots will carry a base tech that the player is guaranteed to unlock over the course of progression. The three base techs are Double Jump, Distortion Sphere, and Dash.
Once a base tech is unlocked, you'll be able to choose from three upgraded variants of it, and unlock each of them via tech card. Although you'll still only be able to equip one variant at a time.
The reasoning behind this change is due to player behavior tending to sway towards a few specific techs. This is mostly down to many of the alternatives being very situational, with players not wanting to sacrifice important movement abilities in exchange for something more specialised.
The solution to this has been to take the most popular techs and give them more interesting variants, without the sacrifice of losing the functionality of the base tech.
Combined with the new augmentation system discussed last week, you can pull off some seriously powerful moves. Here's an example of two upgraded techs in action, the Sonic Sphere and Wall Jump:
Mollygos is back in the office tomorrow, so you've all been spared a week of pun fuelled dev blog posting from me. If you'd like to comment, please post in this thread!
Starting in 1994, Russian and Chinese military units began to purchase U.S. made super-computers for nuclear weapons research. It may shock America to find out that Bill Clinton allowed super-computers to be sold to Russia and China weapons research facilities, however, the exports to Russian and Chinese military labs came as no surprise to Clinton insiders.
In 1995, Tony Podesta — a powerful D.C. based lobbyist and brother of White House adviser John Podesta — had a consortium of top U.S. computer CEOs attend secret meetings inside the White House. The meetings were on computer hardware and software exports to China and Russia. The meetings occurred just before Clinton changed super-computer policy. Within weeks, the Russian and Chinese were buying computer power that now surpasses the U.S. Defense Department
According to documents from the Commerce Department, in 1995 the Computer Systems Policy Project (CSPP) was represented by Tony Podesta. The CSPP is a group of computer companies, that in 1995 included Apple, AT&T, Compaq, Cray, Data General, Digital Equipment, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Silicon Graphics, Stratus Computer, Sun Microsystems, Tandem, and Unisys.
Officials working for Apple and Silicon Graphics are documented by the Federal Election Commission (FEC) to be very large Clinton donors.
One 1995 secret meeting in the White House was attended by Podesta Associates employee, Ken Kay, the Director of the CSPP. The meeting with Tony Podesta's employee took place while John Podesta was also employed at the White House. John Podesta left the employ of the White House and went directly to work for their brother, Tony Podesta, in July 1995.
Former National Security Agency (NSA) Director Admiral McConnell stated that John Podesta was the Clinton advisor in charge of computer encryption policy. Various documents from the National Security Council (NSC) and the Commerce Department prove that John Podesta was charged with computer policy such as export restrictions. In fact, a December 1993 letter to Secretary Ron Brown from the United States Council for International Business was “cc'd” to John Podesta.
White House advisers are prohibited from working on matters in which they have a direct financial interest. This law also prohibits them from lobbying on matters they worked on while in government and prohibits them from lobbying for a period of one year after they have left service.
John Podesta and Tony Podesta were engaged in activities that may constitute conflict of interest under USC title 18, sections 203 through 208. John Podesta was employed at the White House and charged with the very same policy that their brother, Tony Podesta, was engaged in lobbying the government.
In 1996, two of the Podesta companies, IBM and Silicon Graphics, sold super-computers directly to Russian nuclear weapons labs Arzamas-16 and Chelyabinsk-70 under so-called “commercial” contracts. IBM has since settled for a fine of $8 million on the $7.5 million dollar sale to Arzamas-16. Silicon Graphics, however, has not been charged.
The 1996 CSPP computer exports took place under the guise of “commercial” sales. Those exports took place during the period of time when the both companies were represented by Tony Podesta. In 1996, John Podesta was also working for their brother Tony as a lobbyist for Podesta Associates. Thus, John certainly had a large paycheck tied to their brother's success for IBM and Silicon Graphics.
The 1996 sales to Russia were not the first exports to foreign military units during Tony Podesta's work for the CSPP. In 1994, CSPP member Tandem Corp. exported computers to China Great Wall Corp., a company owned by the Chinese Army, during a Ron Brown trade trip.
A Commerce Department 1994 Presidential trade trip document on James Treybig states, “Tandem and China Great Wall Industry will announce in August their joint venture.” Another document found in the files of former Commerce Secretary Ron Brown states that Treybig “negotiated a $100 million dollar joint venture for Tandem Computers while in China.”
The Commerce Department does not have the authority to authorize export of super-computers to foreign military units such as Russian nuclear weapons labs and PLA owned Great Wall Industries. Transfers of any equipment for the development of nuclear weapons to military units constitutes a “defense service” as per the United States Munitions List (USML) and the International Trade in Arms Regulations ITAR 22 C.F.R. Part 120.9 and is strictly under the authority of the State Department and the Defense Department
Yet, the CSPP and Tony Podesta sought out the Commerce Department for access to the White House. According to a May 1995 CSPP document sent to Ron Brown, “controls on computer exports to Russia and China for commercial, civil end-users should be eliminated; controls on exports for actual military end-uses may be appropriate until there is greater certainty that neither country poses a threat to U.S. national security.”
The Commerce Department is illegally withholding data on the CSPP in order to conceal possible criminal activity. According to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) the Commerce Department was required to make public disclosure if a government agency consults advisers who are not government employees. FACA was established to force Federal officials to hold formal policy meetings in public, instead of meeting with special interests, lobbyists, and industry behind closed doors.
The Commerce Department was legally obliged to offer the public, the media, and other qualified individuals the same open access as the members of the CSPP — who are NOT members of the Federal government. Instead, the Commerce Department engaged in a cover-up of the secret meetings with the CSPP and Podesta Associates employees at the White House. No notification was issued for the secret meetings, nor for the classified materials offered to any other company.
Nor is John Podesta the only top Clinton official involved in potential criminal activity with super-computers and Ron Brown. According to documents provided by the Commerce Department, White House official Robert Rubin, and U.S. Trade Rep. Ambassador Charlene Barshefsky were both involved in policy meetings with the CSPP. A May 1994 “CONFIDENTIAL” letter to Ron Brown, partially withheld by the Commerce Department, states the CSPP held a meeting with Brown, Robert Rubin and “Amb. Barshefsky” where super-computer exports to China and Russia were discussed.
However, Rubin was soliciting campaign donations from CSPP members at the same time. In November 1994, DNC a million dollar donor Sanford Robertson wrote a letter to President Clinton, thanking them for the August 1994 trade trip to China and they included a “P.S.” about Robert Rubin.
Robertson wrote to Clinton the smoking gun of Chinagate, a letter directly implicating the President in trade trips in exchange for money. The Robertson letter states, “PS – Bob Rubin came to our home on Thursday for a Dianne Feinstein dinner, which raised over $100,000 for their campaign. Bob, of course, turned out the financial community and Silicon Valley.”
Nor is the scandal limited simply to Democrat administrations. According to a June 1995 memo from William Reinsch to Ron Brown, the secret CSPP meeting in the White House included Podesta Associate employee Ken Kay, and Charles Levy, a known DNC donor and a representative of the law firm Wilmer, Cutler and Pickering. According to C. Boyden Gray of the law firm Wilmer, Cutler and Pickering (former legal council for President George Bush), the CSPP did not “engage” the Commerce Department on the issues covered in the June 1995 memo until November of 1995. Clearly, Mr. Gray was incorrect about the CSPP. In addition, according to Mr. Gray, CSPP Director/Podesta employee Ken Kay not only donated money to the DNC, but they also obtained a “painting” of unknown value from the DNC in exchange for $1,250!
In 1996, the picture that Russian and Chinese generals wanted to paint is a homemade nuclear bomb exploding over American cities. The fastest and cheapest way to do that is with a computer from a CSPP member. The proof is in the successful efforts of busy weapons makers in Moscow and Beijing.
CSPP computers sold to China helped People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) units design and build their first super-sonic nuclear bomber, the Hong-7. In Russia, Arzamas engineers announced in January 1999 that they had deployed a new 550 kiloton (KT) thermonuclear warhead on the SS-27 Topol-M strategic missile. The Arzamas engineers noted they had tested the new design using super-computers running nuclear bomb simulations.
A single Arzamas warhead detonated over New York City would kill over 3 million people instantly and leave a crater spanning Long Island. Russia has deployed about 60 of the planned 500 Topol-M strategic missiles with the Arzamas nuclear warhead. Right now Russia can smash sixty cities into sixty smoking, radioactive craters. Soon it will be 500 with the brave help of Bill Clinton and the CSPP computers.
The White House secret meetings with the CSPP are of the same magnitude as Hillary Clinton's secret meetings on health care, except the subject here is global thermonuclear war. Perhaps the American public might consider the “fall-out” from the political access of the CSPP before purchasing an Apple, IBM, or Compaq computer.
The Commerce Department serviced the original CSPP request by this reporter in October 1998 with a “final” response. Commerce, however, left out all materials with any reference to “Podesta Associates.” This reporter appealed the Commerce Department's inadequate “final” response, and included examples of “missing” documents on Podesta Associates.
In March 1999, the Commerce Department discovered an additional 33 documents. The Commerce Department's 1999 discovery included hundreds of new pages of materials not found during the “final” search done in 1998. Commerce also denied access to some of these newly discovered documents for a variety of Freedom of Information Act exemptions.
It is time for the truth and time for answers. The Podesta brothers and Robert Rubin must provide the truth about export policy and cash for the DNC election machine. The companies of the CSPP must answer for their secret meetings and closed door access. Therefore, this reporter has been left with no choice but to file suit in Federal Court to force the Clinton administration to tell the truth and follow the law.
Russia recently threatened to re-target nuclear tipped missiles on America and Europe. The time for secrets and lies is over. The Chinese and Russians know what they begged, borrowed, bought, or stole. It is time for the free world to know as well. Clinton must tell how and why they allowed China and Russia to buy U.S. super-computers for nuclear weapons which threaten every man, woman, and child on Earth.
Al-Meqdad clan are set to stage a “peaceful” open-ended strike to protest the arrest of several members of the family over a kidnapping spree across the country, An Nahar newspaper reported on Thursday.
The daily reported that the clan members received a text message on their cell phone calling for an “open-ended sit-in as their (arrested) family members are not terrorists.”
The sit-in will be held in Beirut's southern suburbs and the town of Maqneh in Baalbek that coincides with the return of President Michel Suleiman, who is heading the Arab delegation to the South American-Arab countries summit in Peru, to Lebanon next week.
In September, the army arrested several al-Meqdad family members, including the clan's spokesperson Maher, during raids on Beirut's southern suburbs and other areas.
The raids came after the clan went on an abduction spree of Syrians and Turkish nationals to avenge the kidnapping of family member Hassan al-Meqdad in Damascus in August.
An Nahar said that the clan received indirect guarantees after handing over Turkish business person Tekin Tufan to General Security chief Maj. Gen. Abbas Ibrahim that its spokesperson Maher won't be detained.
Sources close to the clan told the daily that the army warned that it will not tolerate any road closure “even if those who staged the endeavor are women and children.”
Sources wondered about the “ambiguous” stance by Hizbullah, pointing out that it is divided over the matter as some say that the party should not provide some members of the clan with political cover, while others reject making the clan pay the “price” of the political differences.
The detained family members are charged with forming an armed group to carry out terrorist activities, kidnapping and terrorizing people with the force of arms, responding violently to security forces and the ownership of unlicensed weapons and explosives.
I had the privilege last week of attending the First Ministers Conference on Climate Change with the prime minister, provincial premiers and Indigenous leaders. We heard very positive statements about the need for a low-carbon economy, the importance of Indigenous peoples' connection to our traditional lands, the importance of establishing nation-to-nation relations, and generally following through on commitments to raise the priority of addressing fundamental Indigenous issues.
There was an implicit recognition, I believe, that climate change has an impact on Indigenous Peoples' human rights. As Indigenous peoples, we have a very small ecological footprint in terms of climate change – yet it has been repeatedly confirmed globally that we are among the most vulnerable to its negative effects.
At the recent climate change talks in Paris, the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) emphasized: “… negative impacts will increase exponentially according to the degree of climate change that ultimately takes place and will disproportionately affect individuals, groups and peoples in vulnerable situations including … indigenous peoples.” The OHCHR added: “Simply put, climate change is a human rights problem and the human rights framework must be part of the solution.”
It is beyond dispute that climate change – arising from human activities – is causing profound impacts on a wide range of human rights. These include the rights to life, self-determination, development, security, culture, food, health, water and sanitation and housing. We live on the land. Land is our identity. We will feel the effects of climate change in every aspect of our lives. By impacting our lands, territories and resources, our Treaty rights and our cultures as distinct Indigenous Peoples will be seriously affected. In some cases, such harmful actions are likely to be irreversible.
Therefore, it is imperative that climate change strategies and actions taken by First Ministers in Canada fundamentally include a human rights-based approach that fully respects Indigenous Peoples.
In Understanding Human Rights and Climate Change, the OHCHR indicated: “Particular care should be taken to comply with relevant human rights obligations related to participation of persons, groups and peoples in vulnerable situations in decision-making processes and to ensure that adaptation and mitigation efforts do not have adverse effects on those that they should be protecting.”
Further, to the extent that any Canadian initiatives are developed to address climate change that derive from the way in which natural resources are extracted, particularly where those natural resources are located on traditional Indigenous lands, we need to be involved.
If there is economic and financial gain related to the way in which natural resources situated on traditional Indigenous lands are exploited, or not exploited, Indigenous Peoples need to have a voice.
For example, forest stands absorb carbon dioxide and contribute to reductions in greenhouse gases and their protection is, therefore, important in the fight against climate change. Any organization, institution or company that sets aside forest lands for protection increases the availability of carbon credits to trade on the international carbon trading market, thus benefitting financially from conservation initiatives. Indigenous Peoples need to be involved in the valuable non-exploitation of natural resources in the same way that we need to be involved if those natural resources were being extracted.
We, of course, applaud any initiatives that result in a reduction of harmful emissions of pollutants into the environment. We applaud initiatives that contribute to the fight against climate change. And, we applaud initiatives that result in conservation measures related to the natural resources on our traditional lands.
However, to the extent that financial gain is made in the way in which natural resources within our traditional lands are dealt with, in any manner, our peoples need to be part of that discussion, part of those formulae and we need to be at those tables together with the provinces and the companies that stand to gain from cap-and-trade and other carbon reduction schemes.
Matthew Coon Come is Grand Chief, Cree Nation of Eeyou Istchee (Quebec), and former national chief, Assembly of First Nations.
SPORTS
The manager of the defending Korean baseball champions received a contract extension on Monday.
The Doosan Bears in the Korea Baseball Organization said they and Kim Tae-hyung have agreed in principle to a three-year contract extension, which will take the 48-year-old through the 2019 season.
The financial details will be negotiated after the end of this season. Kim took over the Bears before the 2015 season on a two-year deal.
The extension comes as no surprise, as Kim guided the Bears to their first Korean Series championship in 14 years in 2015. Only three other managers before Kim had won a championship in their first season on the bench.
The Bears, despite losing All-Star outfielder Kim Hyun-soo to the Baltimore Orioles via free agency, have been even better this year. They're leading the 10-team league at 55-27-1 (wins-losses-ties), 4.5 games ahead of the NC Dinos.
The Bears said they wanted to give Kim more stability for the rest of this season and allow them to keep building for the future. (Yonhap)
❝ where's my hair? ︶︶︶︶︶︶︶︶︶︶︶ ❀ ⸝⸝ ◡̈ ꒰ ˘͈ᵕ˘͈ ＠ᥕᥱᥣᥴ᥆꧑ᥱ ! 〄◌˳˚⌖ ➥ t᥆ ꧑y bᥣ᥆g !¡ — introduction ⁺ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ⁽(◍˃̵͈̑ᴗ˂̵͈̑)⁽ hello ncta! I hope you are doing well! t o d a y is a special d...
하늘로 날아라 ᝰ new blog up !! ‧₊˚ ❜ Tᥱᥒ ᥉꧑᥆ᥣ ρᥲᥴkᥲgᥱ ୭̥ ᵕ̈ :copyright: ———— 여자 먼저 :ferris_wheel: ›› intr'ꪉ :circus_tent: ﹀ Welcome everyone! Happy birthday to the last member birthday's on February, Ten! February is almost ended and...
﹀﹀﹀﹀﹀﹀﹀﹀ ꒰ welcome to holly.coms blog · ͟͟͞͞➳ i hope you enjoy ˊ- ˚✧ good day ! and good day to the birthday boy ten ;; ༉‧₊ -;_ _ _ _ i've been so busy lately but within t...
Cookie Policy ×
This website saves cookies to your browser in order to improve your online experience and show you personalized content. Read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy to get more information and learn how to set up your preferences.
The government paid out $124.7 billion in potentially bogus payments last year, the government's chief watchdog said Monday, blaming a controversial tax credit for the poor as well as increased bad payments in Medicare and Medicaid.
One major problem is tracking when Americans die — the Social Security Administration admitted last week that its rolls are filled with names of more than 6 million folks who are listed as 112 years of age or older.
The Government Accountability Office said Social Security has trouble maintaining the Death Master File, and other agencies have difficulties in getting the information to update their own files and halt payments to those no longer alive to collect benefits.
At the same time, being improperly listed on the Death Master File can cause nightmares, said Judy C. Rivers, a woman who has twice been erroneously listed, leaving them denied for jobs, rejected for apartments and forced to live in their car.
At one point they spent an hour haggling with a bank that was refusing to open an account for them but wouldn't tell them why. Eventually the manager told Ms. Rivers their Social Security number had been listed by the federal agency as deactivated “due to death.”
“The Death Master File has been like a propagating hydra underlying all my problems,” they told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.
SEE ALSO: VA refusing to comply with Congress on transparency, reforms, lawmakers say
It took their four years to clear up enough of the problems that they were able to be approved for a credit card again.
Social Security's inspector general said a 2008 investigation found more than 20,000 people who were wrongly listed in the death file.
The agency says its hands are tied and it must release some information about those in its death file in response to open-records requests, leaving those erroneously listed open to even more fraud if an unscrupulous actor gets their number and realizes they are still alive.
Social Security insists it hasn't found an instance where someone's identity was compromised solely because of being wrongly listed.
Sean Brune, senior adviser to the deputy Social Security commissioner, said less than half a percent of the 2.8 million new death reports they get each year are inaccurate.
The agency gets its information from banks, post offices, and federal and state agencies that pay out benefits, such as the Veterans Affairs Department or Medicare.
Social Security paid out a little more than $8 billion in improper payments last year, according to GAO investigators. The supplemental security income program had a 9.2 percent error rate, while the retirement benefits program had a much smaller error rate of four-tenths of a percent.
The biggest problems, however, came at Medicare, whose basic fee-for-service program paid out $45.8 billion in improper payments, or nearly 13 percent of its outlays, and the Earned Income Tax Credit, which botched 27.2 percent of its payments, for a total of $17.7 billion, the GAO said.
Medicaid, Medicare Advantage and unemployment insurance rounded out the top five worst programs in terms of dollars spent on potentially bogus payments.
“With outlays for major programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, expected to increase over the next few years, it is critical that actions are taken to reduce improper payments,” the GAO told the Senate committee.
The nearly $125 billion in improper payments amounts to a rate of slightly more than 4 percent. That's down from 5.42 percent in 2009, when President Obama took office, but is up substantially from last year's 3.53 percent, the White House budget office acknowledged.
“While progress has been made over the years, the time has come for a more aggressive strategy to reduce the levels of improper payments we currently are seeing,” Controller David Mader said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
CSL Behring has announced an extension to a voluntary recall of two lots of Helixate FS with vial adapter that was sent to the community in NHF Medical Advisory #420 on July 25, 2016. An analysis was conducted on additional lots manufactured before November 2015, prompting the recall of additional lots.
After routine stability testing, declining potency issues were the problem with these lots. Two lots that fell below the acceptable range were:
Helixate FS 2000 IU Lot # 270PWG6 Expiry Date: 05/08/2017
Helixate FS 1000 IU Lot # 270NV9G Expiry Date: 09/23/2016
Additional lots may eventually fall below the pre-specified acceptable range before shelf life expiration and may be subject to recall. These lots are listed on the following page of this document.
Based on all currently available and reviewed data accessible by CSL Behring, no safety relevant observations or signals have been detected. Further, the current health risk assessment does not indicate an appreciable risk for patients associated with the affected lots. Any patients with concerns regarding these lots should speak with their product provider.
PHYSICIANS: Please distribute this information to all providers in your area who treat patients with hemophilia.
CHAPTERS: Please distribute this information to your membership.
Please sign up for the Patient Notification System (PNS) to be notified directly about the latest recall or withdrawal of recombinant and plasma products. The system is confidential and time sensitive. It is administered by an independent third-party organization and is free of charge. To enroll in the PNS, please call (888) UPDATE-U or go online at http://www.patientnotificationsystem.org
Fans were expecting Justin Bieber seated on THE bench in front of the Taj Mahal. Their legion of Beliebers in India wanted to see them surrounded by Bollywood celebs. Alas, we would never get to see those images because Justin Bieber ditched all their supposed plans of sightseeing in Jaipur and Agra and left India hours after their performance in Mumbai's DY Patil Stadium. The pop star was reportedly going to visit the Taj Mahal in Agra and have a scrumptious meal and then a camel ride on the sand dunes of Rajasthan. But from reports pouring in, Justin Bieber might have left India altogether after their gig last night itself. We tell you how the one day in life of Justin Bieber went down that they spent in India.
Played hide and seek with media
Advertising
Justin Bieber can give lessons to a lot of celebs who complain of paparazzi invading their privacy. The “Baby” singer knows how to ditch the media very well! For instance, yesterday they went for a midnight stroll at the Gateway of India, according to a Bombay Times report, when they were supposed to be on a yacht party with the big names in Bollywood and Indian biz world. So, where indeed was the Beeb last night?
Touched several hearts
Justin Bieber is just 23, and loves spending time with kids and their fans. Yesterday, before the concert when they were expected to rest and prepare for their gig, the “Sorry” singer paid a visit to an orphanage in Mumbai, just after breakfast at the posh Mumbai Hotel, St. Regis. They then directly left for New Mumbai by road, and visited a slum area on their way to DY Patil Stadium, the concert venue. Here they again met the slum kids and they were seen playing with them too. They definitely touched a million hears with their gesture.
Ditched the chopper ride
There was a special helicopter waiting for Justin Bieber at the Mahalakshmi Racecourse, but it was just staged. Much before the chopper came there, Bieber had left for the New Mumbai concert venue in a car. One of their fan posted a video of Bieber sitting in a black SUV and they were seen waving at these fans, from their car. Bieber was happily soaking in the Mumbai summer as it was evident from how they had kept their car windows rolled down. A lot of mediapersons who were waiting for them to get on and alight from the chopper were left disappointed.
Coffee break
Is Justin Bieber one of the biggest music sensations of the world? You can never tell if you, say, meet them at the Starbucks. That is exactly what happened to some people at the coffee shop at Mumbai's Inorbit Mall when they saw the singer walking in with a few people to pick their favourite coffee. Before people could even react, Justin and their coffee had left.
Meeting with a fan
After sipping on their coffee, one of our sources tell us that Bieber went to the Four Point Hotel and apparently spent some time with their Indian fan belonging to a political family before reaching the concert venue around 7 pm. This was a little before their gig which started at 8.15 pm.
Also read: Justin Bieber concert damned as ‘waste of time' by Sonali Bendre. Bipasha Basu, Karan Singh Grover will agree
Advertising
Finally, Justin Bieber India concert
The concert started at around 5 pm with Sartek's opening performance, and there was Zaeden. But Alan Walker actually elevated the mood and energy with their performance. They set the stage for the highlight performance by Justin Bieber. The singer themselves seemed a little tired and jet-lagged with all the travelling he's been doing in the city and, of course, their global tour. Many of their fans thought they were lip syncing their performance, but many others loved them to bits.
The gang is back together... sort of. Thursday night (Aug. 10), Denzel Curry used their Instagram account to surprise fans with a new image of themselves and members of the Raider Klan , including SpaceGhostPurrp, together. Check out the picture for yourself below.
In the black-and-white image, you can see the majority of the clique. Most of the members are present, though Amber London, Xavier Wulf, Chris Travis, Eddy Baker, and Key Nyata are among those missing because they couldn't make it. Curry captions the photo, "And We Back," and you can see Pouya pictured to the right as well.
Purrp also posted the pic to Twitter, saying, "RAIDER KLAN NEVER STOPPED WE Have JUST GROWN AND GETTIN MILLIONS BUT WE STILL BROTHAS."
What this photo means—besides obviously being something of a reunion—is anyone's guess. The Raider Klan hasn't put out a project since 2015's Raider Klan Records: The Mixtape , which Curry isn't on. They left the collective a few years back.
Back in early 2016, Curry and SpaceGhostPurrp exchanged diss records , but by June of that same year, they had squashed their beef . So maybe we'll be getting some new collabs soon? Who knows.
What we know for sure is Curry's putting in some serious work. Back in June, they dropped off their five-track 13 EP. Now he's gearing up to release their forthcoming Taboo album , which doesn't yet have a release date.
Check out the pics below.
Naples Trenchless Sewer Relining
Naples homeowners and businesses use Naples trenchless sewer replacement, they save money when they do, and the excavations are not disruptive. CIPP repair methods disrupt the community. Standard repair companies who use CIPP instead of trenchless lining will have to use excavation procedures. Underground sewer lines that are failing benefit from trenchless sewer line replacement technology. The method is highly recommended because Naples trenchless relining could reduce the costs taxpayers pay. Google
Benefits Of Trenchless Sewer Lining (Cured In Place Pipe, CIPP)
No Excavation Required
Less expensive – pipe relining costs about 60% less than excavation
Save Your Floor Tile/Marble/Wood – it's usually impossible to find matching floor surfaces that were installed decades ago
Clean, No sewer bacteria in your home – since the drain is not being cut into pieces inside your residence, there is no need to sanitize the property afterwards
Stay in your residence – pipe relining is done from outside, so you can stay in your residence
Speed – pipe lining takes 1 day, not 3 weeks as for pipe replacement by excavation
Environmentally friendly – pipe replacement by excavation means tons of waste concrete and pipe have to be disposed of in landfills
How Is Trenchless Pipe Lining Installed?
From outside the house we dig up the grass to open the pipe Next we use hydrojetters and other machines to remove old rust and scale from the cast iron drains Then a pipe video inspection is done to ensure the drain is ready to receive the pipe lining The video camera is also used to measure how long the liner will be and the exact locations of incoming pipe connections from branch lines These measurements are used to cut the flexible pipe lining tube to the correct length and to cut out small pieces of lining where the incoming branch line connections are Then a 2-part epoxy is mixed and used to wet the liner material thoroughly Now the liner is ready to be pulled into the pipe, and a temporary balloon inside the liner is inflated for 4 hours During this time the epoxy resin heats up and turns the pipe lining material into rock, that lasts 100 years Finally the balloon is removed and a “final” video inspection is done to ensure correct installation
Professional Sewer Repair in Naples
When a sewer repair company uses little excavation to replace sewer lining, this method is called trenchless sewer rehabilitation. During this process, a new pipe is installed without major excavation. This method is popular in Naples and other parts of the country. Businesses and homeowners benefit from trenchless sewer relining in Naples because they get to replace infrastructures that are leaking or failing. General repair projects are not as efficient as trenchless sewer services. Millions of dollars used for construction costs are saved when customers use the trenchless technology. The biggest benefit to Naples trenchless relining is that it is good for the environment.
We Are Expert Sewer Relining Specialists in Naples
homeowners and businesses value their landscapes, and they do not want their properties damaged due to digging. Trenchless sewer lining does not require much digging, and customers appreciate this. Sewer line that ranges up to hundreds of feet can be repaired underground; trees do not have to be removed, and infrastructures will not have to be knocked down. Keeping the infrastructures and trees in place is a benefit because these elements will not block the path of general sewer lines.
Get the Best Naples Sewer Repair Service
New jobs will be available due to billions of dollars released by the government; the jobs are designed to repair the infrastructure. Trenchless sewer repair in Naples plays are huge role in improving the infrastructure and the economy.
See Why We are the Top Trenchless Sewer Company in Naples
Massive sewer projects are needed in various locations in Naples and around the country. Engineers have a huge challenge; they have to repair many sewer lines efficiently and economically without causing a disruption in the community. Thanks to trenchless sewer repair in Naples, this task can be handled with no issues. It is becoming the repairing standard in Naples. A general inspection is done before the project. The inspection helps the company understand why repairs are needed.
When Naples trenchless sewer replacement technology is used, structures and streets, landscapes, and houses, are not touched because the new lines are fed underneath; there is no disruption. An epoxy is used to repair the lines during trenchless sewer relining in Naples. The epoxy is a very important element used during the repair process. Call a Trenchless Sewer Expert in Naples today!
Glass containers display varieties of marijuana for sale in Boulder, Colo. (AP Photo/Brennan Linsley)
In November, Massachusetts voters decided to make recreational marijuana legal, allowing it to be bought and sold in stores by January 2018. But this week, state lawmakers quietly voted to delay the sale date by at least six months.
The delay has outraged some marijuana-legalization advocates, less so because they'll have to wait a few months to buy pot and more so because they feel the legislature is trying to subvert the will of the people by fundamentally changing what they voted for. A similar skirmish is happening in Maine over the minimum wage, and progressives in both states are worried that their opponents are trying to delay or even reverse their remarkable success via ballot initiatives.
"No legislature has inserted themselves in such a way as to extend timelines," said Jim Borghesani, director of communications for the Massachusetts campaign to legalize marijuana. "It's direct democracy by the voters, whether you like it or not."
Massachusetts state lawmakers passed the bill in an informal session Wednesday with just a handful of lawmakers present. Lawmakers told the Boston Globe they wanted more time to set up the bureaucracy around the selling of marijuana. But legalization advocates note that Massachusetts's timeline to legalize marijuana sales matches up with other states that allow it.
That the legislature is involved at all in this is especially frustrating to advocates, since the whole point of ballot initiatives is to go around the legislative body. And in a nation dominated by Republican legislatures (Massachusetts's is one of a handful controlled by Democrats), going around legislatures is something progressives have had a lot of success with in recent years.
Even though Republicans have nearly 2-to-1 control of state legislatures, progressive ballot initiatives such as legalizing marijuana, creating background checks for gun purchases and raising the minimum wage have often sailed through when put to voters.
Marijuana will soon be legal in some form in 29 states and the District of Columbia. Most states only allow medicinal, not recreational, use, but eight states have now legalized the latter, and the number is growing quickly. No state legislature has approved legalization. (Though Vermont lawmakers tried this year, and several legislatures have decriminalized marijuana.)
Raising the minimum wage has had comparable success; when put to the voters, minimum wage increases have won every time but twice over the past 20 years.
That includes Maine, where the victors of a November ballot initiative to raise the minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2020 also find themselves battling politicians.
Perennially controversial Gov. Paul LePage (R) has characterized ballot initiatives as "recommendations" (they're not), and their administration recently announced that it wouldn't enforce the state's new minimum wage law (which passed by more than 10 points) for restaurant servers for at least the first month.
Even though it's just a month-long delay for now, progressive groups are particularly worried that Maine could serve as a template for politicians to undermine ballot initiatives they don't like. Justine Sarver, director of the progressive Ballot Initiative Strategy Center, said in a statement that LePage's decision to delay the minimum wage increase is "egregious" and "despicable."
Perhaps no recent ballot initiatives have been more successful than raising the minimum wage and legalizing marijuana. Marijuana had one of its best nights ever in November, when voters in eight of nine states voted to ease restrictions on it.
Which brings us back to Massachusetts, which will soon be one of eight states where it's legal to smoke and/or buy and sell pot for any reason — except not on the timeline advocates thought.
Gov. Charlie Baker (R) signed the bill Friday. And all they can do now is hope that state lawmakers don't use the six-month delay to make more changes to the legalization rollout, a fear of some advocates.
Outside Massachusetts and Maine, progressives also hope legislatures don't take a cue from these states and start tinkering with ballot initiatives after voters pass them.
This article has been corrected to clarify that while no state legislature has approved legalization of marijuana, several have approved decriminalization.
Obama mentioned that women make 77 cents on the dollar compared to men. You know what that means? Cue the jerks making bogus statistical arguments to make the gap go away — in this case, wouldn't you know it, Christina Hoff Sommers.
What is wrong and embarrassing is the President of the United States reciting a massively discredited factoid. The 23-cent gender pay gap is simply the difference between the average earnings of all men and women working full-time. It does not account for differences in occupations, positions, education, job tenure, or hours worked per week. When all these relevant factors are taken into consideration, the wage gap narrows to about five cents.
“When all these relevant factors are taken into consideration” is code for “I'm going to make excuses to justify the difference” — it's not that the average woman is going to find themselves 23% richer when Sommers is done, it's just that she's going to unthinkingly apply some fudge factors to the numbers to tell us that a yearly income of $23,000 is actually the same as $30,000. And of course there are people who will seriously believe that.
But they give the game away in that paragraph. The 23 cent gender gap is actually real, because it's an overall measure of the average person's and woman's earnings — Obama wasn't wrong at all, they just aren't respecting anti-feminists' dishonest manipulation of the data. When we appreciate that total earnings are a result of multiple factors, if we catalog all those factors and then dismiss all the ones that show discriminatory patterns of reward in society, then we can explain the difference as fair and natural.
So what factors do they list as contributing to women's lower income?
Men and women differ in their college majors. Do they stop and ask why? Why are women more likely to major in social work than engineering? Why should women be less likely to enter engineering? I know women who are engineers, physicists, mathematicians, computer scientists — it's not as if breasts get in the way of doing factor analysis, or as if a penis makes one incapable of caring about human beings.
The professions favored by women pay less well than the professions favored by men. Do they stop and ask why? Why are social workers paid less than engineers? Why should we consider social work less important than engineering? In Sommers' list of majors and their average earnings, does even give the briefest consideration to the curious fact that most of the top ten most remunerative professions are men dominated, while most of the bottom ten least remunerative professions are women dominated?* No, not in the slightest. Women, far more than men, appear to be drawn to jobs in the caring professions; and men are more likely to turn up in people-free zones. In the pursuit of happiness, men and women appear to take different paths. Even if we take that as a given (I don't; I think social pressures push people into jobs they may not desire as much as Sommers thinks), it leaves unanswered the big question: why does society reward “people-free” jobs more than it does caring ones?
There is a point to working out all the contributing factors to average income: it's to identify where the inequities are being generated, so that we can correct them and reward people fairly for their work. Not to Christina Hoff Sommers, though:
Much of the wage gap can be explained away by simply taking account of college majors.
That says so much. She's looking for ways to explain away the differences. She's not looking for answers, or ways to more fairly treat human beings, or any understanding of the very real economic differences between men and women. Here's a shorter Christina Hoff Sommers: women get paid less because their work is less valuable.
And they aren't even aware of how profoundly sexist their entire rationalization is.
What if we lived in a world where equal education and training and investment in preparing for a job led to jobs where the pay was equal? A social worker with a masters degree and ten years of experience should be getting roughly the same pay as an engineer with a masters degree and ten years experience, in a just world. We should appreciate that we need functional communities about as much as we need bridges and pipelines.
And why shouldn't some men find social work a better fit to their personality than engineering? Or what are women with an aptitude for engineering doing in jobs that don't fit their personality — because peer pressure tells women that math aptitude is manly?
Grr. Every time I read anything by Sommers, I come away appalled at how superficial and self-serving their analyses are. She's a true champion of the status quo.
*By the way, they use a really sneaky tactic in their lists: for the richest professions, they tell us what percent are men; for the poorest professions, they tell us what percent are women. The numbers may be perfectly accurate, but you can tell exactly how they want to bias our perception of them.
Actually, I'm always appalled at any position taken by the anti-feminists — they rarely think in any way beyond justifying their prior views. This comic catches that attitude perfectly.
Bon Temps is like one big bad luck machine, endlessly assembling a little more trouble than its residents can bear. It's been eight months for us, but mere seconds for our fang-banging friends, and still everyone's the worse for the wear. Bill's getting carved up in the backseat of a Beamer. Sookie never got a chance to say yes. Jessica's trying reanimation techniques. Sam's searching for their maker. Tara's distraught. Lafayette can't console them Eric's being questioned by the magistrar. And Jason can't sex their way out of this one.
The hour went by in a blur of action, hamstrung by some catch-up Q&As on last season. All told, the premiere was a reminder that when done right, True Blood's bag of tricks — dream sequences that read like fan fiction, biting social satire played with sitcom timing, gross out gore, id-channeling sexcapades, camp to shame John Waters — can make for a rollicking hour of television, especially when anchored by pathetically human emotions like loss, guilt, regret, and fear. Plus, thanks to Andy Bellefleur, we already have a new motto for the summer: “Conscience off, dick on, and everything gonna's be alright.”
Search Party
Sookie's enlisting everyone they can to find Bill's kidnappers, but even the sheriff's office is all judge-y about why they let them sweat for a minute after they proposed. They make their way over to Fangtasia in no mood for Pam's “lesbian weirdness” and, oh my, it's Eric's naked backside.
“Sookie,” they say without turning their head from the club's newest Estonian import Yvetta (Playboy cover girl Natasha Alam), in flagrante (and in chains). Unphased by the full frontal, Sookie demands that Eric tell them where exactly they were six hours ago — basically setting up them for a joke about Bill's stamina. Eric says it wasn't them (in fact, their kidnappers got there after the cops showed up.) They offer to help them find Billl “even if I do want what is his,” then gives Sookie's lavender number a heavy-lidded onceover. This time, they have no comeback.
Address in hand, Sam's headed to Arkansas to try to find their biological family. While he's rifling through the phone book, a shirtless Bill knocks on their motel door in need of a shirt and shower, and asks if Sam wants to join. “I hear the water in Arkansas is very hard.” Woah … what the … will they … damn it, another dream sequence. We can't have been the only ones who suddenly found Bill gobs more attractive. In any case, Sam follows the brother they never knew home from the chop shop. Careful, it doesn't look like your folks want to be found.
Booty count: One thwarted (potentially explosive) shirtless dream kiss. One shower scene denied. One act of voyeurism. One playmate, in the dungeon, with a vampire. (Cross-promotional deal with the makers of Clue?)
Denial
Eric has bigger problems than their crush on Sookie or whether Bill knows that they and the queen are in cohoots to sell V. The queen stops by Fangtasia (dressed like a nouveau riche Muscovite) with the magistrar. Judging by the amount of V on the black market and the fact that no vampires have been reported missing, the magistrar's onto the fact their own kind is supplying the trade. Eric and Zeljko Ivanek as the magistrar do their part admirably, but no one needs special powers to tell that queen is lying when they say she's not involved. Evan Rachel Wood was so good in Thirteen. What happened?
After the magistrar leaves, they tell Eric the best way not to get caught is to quickly unload the merchandise. Besides, they need to pay off some back taxes. Seems like an awful lot of bureaucracy to contend with for the undead. Couldn't they just glamour the IRS agent?
Jessica finds a bouquet of flowers waiting for them on the verandah. Too bad they have to deal with the half-dead trucker they dragged home from the rest stop first. They try to revive them with their blood. Too late, the corpse is already starting to stink.
Bite count: One — Jessica biting herself.
Body count: One misogynist trucker. Crossing our fingers that the queen's next.
Anger
When we catch up with Bill, he's trapped in the backseat of a getaway car with some pretty kinky redneck bikers who don't waste any time carving them up for hits of their blood. “Oh shit,” says their leader, “I got vamp-er juice on my touring gloves.” When the guy in the front can't reach, one of the fellows in the back spits some in their mouth. There's something not quite human about their appetites, although in general we do appreciate the symmetry of bloodsuckers being fed on for their blood.
We don't get any clues about who hired the “Fuck You Crew,” but while they're high and unhinged, Bill escapes and finds an old lady to refuel with. Nice try, but just because their grandchildren don't call them and they “glamours” them into thinking they did, doesn't mean he's a good guy. Shoving cash in their hand on their way out the door made it even more parasitic. With Grandma's help, Bill figures out he's in Mississippi (cue the howling) and it isn't long before he's surrounded by a pack of snarling wolves. The same guys from the car, but transformed?
Hey, did you know a vampire can summon any other vampire they've sired with a quick shudder, followed by a nausea-induced-GPS to their last known location? Us neither! Jessica uses Bill's call to them to track them down to that crashed car, where they run the dead biker's neck tattoo through some symbology app on their smartphone. Turns out it's the sign for “Operation Werewolf” (in real life, a Nazi propaganda force operating behind enemy lines at the end of World War II). Swell, more rhetoric about keeping the bloodlines pure. At some point did they become actual wolves?
Body count: One or more dead, gross Operation Werewolfers
Bite count: One sad, glamoured Gran.
Bargaining
And what of Eggs' real killer? Andy warns Jason that their story about shooting Tara's boyfriend in self-defense has too many holes it. He'll have to go about business as usual if they don't want to arouse suspicion. “Oh shit, man,” Andy Jason pleads, “Why'd you tell them a story with holes in it?”
At some point, Sookie's telepathic powers are going to throw a wrench in their plans. But for now, Jason follows Andy's advice toward what sounds like a soft-core porn plot: two nubile NYU graduates on their way to California to become vets. Once they're back at their place, it's hard for them to concentrate what with the imaginary bullet hole they can't stop seeing in the center of their head. Jason tries calling in their friend for reinforcement. “I can't believe I'm doing this again!” they squeal, peeling off their shirt. It's no use. They can't shake the image.
Pam makes the rounds of Merlotte's walk-in freezer to drop off all that extra V for Lafayette to unload. They call them a hooker, and lives to regret it. Normally we leave naming an episode winner up to the Real Housewives recap franchise. But if we did, the prize would undoubtedly go to Eric's episode-stealing number two. How do we adore thee Pamela? Let us count the ways. One for your latex-for-dungeon, Greenwich-for-errands outfit changes. Two for your sarcasm. Three because you couldn't care less.
Booty count: One unsuccessful act of fellatio, one co-ed naked makeout sesh (bullet holes imaged), one abandoned threesome.
Depression
Our first time back at Merlotte's is in the middle of a comedy of manners. Tara doesn't like that Arlene's marveling at the wonders of local law enforcement when Eggs was just zipped into a body bag. “I'm sorry you fell in love with a serial killer, alright. But honestly, who hasn't?” Good point, Arlene. Tara says they aren't responsible for those deaths, even if they confessed, but Arlene's not buying it. “Oh why, because of society? Because of racism?” No actually, because a Maenad made them do it. Before Tara can start another round of fight club, Lafayette pushes them out the door and grabs a bottle on the way. “We're gonna steal this tequila over here, but I doubt that'd surprise any of y'all.”
Just how messed up is Tara over Eggs' death? Well for once in their life she's actually asking for their mama, then lays there senseless while Lettie Mae and the reverend preach about god's great plan. Tara's eyes look even deader than when they were one of Maryann's zombies, and it isn't long before she's chugging Klonopin in the bathroom.
Body count: One (no doubt unsuccessful) suicide attempt
More Recaps:
Television Without Pity thinks Sookie's suddenly awesome, Bill's suddenly hot, Pam's suddenly a superstar, and Eric's suddenly out-of-control.
The L.A. Times agreed with us about the fun part and likes it better when the show's universe expands.
MTV's Hollywood Crush called it one of the most memorable episodes to date.
I sit in the break room rehearsing the lines over and over. The fluorescent lights, white walls, drinking fountains and lunch tables make me feel like I am sitting in my high school's cafeteria. But instead of sitting with my old classmates, I am surrounded by men in uniform and VFW members.
The next service will be for a WWII veteran.
"Say the first line 5 times. Then say the second line 5 times. Then say the last line 5 times," Cooper says to me.
This flag is presented by a grateful nation...This flag is presented by a grateful nation...This flag is presented by a grateful nation...This flag is presented by a grateful nation...This flag is presented by a grateful nation,
it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one... it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one... it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one... it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one... it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one.
Please accept my sincere condolences. Please accept my sincere condolences. Please accept my sincere condolences. Please accept my sincere condolences. Please accept my sincere condolences.
I did as they said and by the time I finish saying all three lines, five times each, totaling fifteen lines, my brain is too tired to think about the anxiety. But, nonetheless, the anxiety is there. I can feel my stomach continually tighten underneath my dress greens.
"Don't worry; I was nervous the first time too. But the nerves go away and you will be able to say it just fine."
The sound of Cooper's words comfort me but I can only half listen to what they are saying. I am repeating the lines over and over in my head. The thoughts are so loud and fast that everything outside of my head sounds like background noise.
This flag is presented by a grateful nation,
I had participated in countless veterans' funerals in the past two weeks. Sometimes there were more than four in one day. I was able to make it through so many services because I did not have to look or interact with the bereaved during the last two weeks. My sole responsibility was to take the flag off of the coffin with my fellow soldier performing the funeral with me. I would then fold the flag into a perfect triangle. My partner would tuck the other end of the flag into the corners and make sure it looks like a giant, blue paper football covered with stars. The flag would then be taken from me and presented to the next of kin.
it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one.
Folding the flag was more work than presenting it, but I did not have to speak to the next of kin when folding. I did not have to look into their eyes and see their sorrow. I did not have to hold myself back from giving them a hug and trying to comfort them without just the use of my words.
All of my anxiety and continuous repeating of the lines make the thirty words that need to be said feel like I am required to publicly state the entire WWII memoir, With the Old Breed.
Please accept my sincere condolences.
It is time to make the way down to the benched service area where the funerals are performed. Polacek, Cooper and I wait at the end of the driveway for the family to arrive. The funeral procession shows up and we salute the hearse as it approaches. I can see the flag on top of the coffin through the windows as it passes. We wait for the pallbearers to unload the coffin, then the three of us drop our salute.
I unconsciously went through all of these moves while I consciously kept repeating the words over and over in my head.
This flag is presented by a grateful nation,
Polacek and I walk to opposite ends of the coffin where we raise another salute when Cooper begins to play taps. My heart gradually begins to beat faster.
it is an expression of appreciation for the honorable and faithful service rendered by your loved one.
Once taps finishes, Polacek and I pick up the flag while my heart is under the impression that my body is running.
Please accept my sincere condolences.
Polacek begins folding.
This flag is presented by a grateful nation... This flag is presented by a grateful nation... This flag is presented by a grateful nation...
Each fold they get closer to me.
Thisflagispresentedbyagratefulnationforthehonorableandfaithfulservicerenderedbyyourlovedone
My heart thinks my body is in a full sprint.
This flag by a grateful nation service and honorable presentation of your loved one
Both my mind and heart are on overdrive.
Please accept my MOST HEARTFELT AND MOST HUMBLE CONDOLENCES YOU WILL EVER HAVE FROM SOMEBODY! EVER!
Polacek finishes folding the flag and I tuck in the corners. I manage to see past the numerous television screens blaring different messages in my brain, and notice Polacek giving me a look. The look is telling me that I do not need to worry and that the next forty-five seconds will go exactly how the Army would expect.
I take the flag and my head goes silent. No words. No lines.
The next of kin, a middle aged man that is probably the veteran's son, is sitting in front of where I am standing and I approach them slowly. I do not have any courage to look at their face and I do not dare look anywhere near their eyes.
I kneel down in front of him.
................................
All of the words I had countlessly repeated in my head are lost in the cosmos of my brain. The motors are burnt out and no words come out of my mouth. Time ceases to exist. I heard and felt every heartbeat. Every pair of eyes in attendance at the funeral feel like individual sources of heat radiating in my direction.
I look up and see this man's eyes. My heart aches when I see their sorrow as they are holding back tears.
The eternal five to ten seconds end and I know something needs to be said. My mouth starts moving without any assistance from my brain.
"The service from your loved one will never be forgotten from the continued memories by you and your family. Keep them in your heart and always cherish the service they provided for all of us to live comfortably and enjoy our beautiful country. Please accept my sincere condolences."
At least I had managed to get the last part correct.
I stood up and saluted him, then marched back towards the end of the driveway where Polacek and Cooper were waiting for me. While marching, I go over the last five minutes in my head. I was disappointed with myself that I had a mental collapse and blanked on almost everything I had rehearsed prior to the service. But, I am happy that what I did say was something that came from my heart and not was written on a card that was issued to me.
When witnessing a veteran's funeral, a person will notice that every move is made with robotic precision. This is created by the discipline the military has taught every soldier from their first day of service. Nonetheless, every soldier that has the honor of performing this service can feel the humanity and the strong emotions that are tied to that task. The faces of the soldiers are expressionless, but their hearts are closely connected to each veteran that has passed away. Every day countless veterans leave us, and every person that has served in uniform mourns their loss.
I do not know the person that is being buried at Rittman National Veteran's Cemetery this morning. But I know that this person fought in one of the greatest wars our world has ever known, so my country and the rest of the world would not have to live under fascist rule. For that, I am forever grateful.
Even Democrats now agree that Mitt Romney is the “inevitable” Republican presidential candidate, and that the primary has dragged on so long it could ultimately damage the Grand Old Party. Three-quarters of Republicans say Mr. Romney will definitely be the nominee, a sentiment shared by 64 percent of Democrats — this according to a Pew Research Center for the People and the Press survey conducted April 5-8.
Republicans' appetite for the ongoing primary campaign has also “soured,” the pollster says, with 47 percent concluding that the extended political theater associated with the race is bad for the party itself. The Democrats have even more fatigue, with 63 percent agreeing that the GOP primary has overstayed its welcome and will exact a toll.
The findings could bolster evidence that there's a mysterious master plan afoot, however. Sarah Palin and Rush Limbaugh are among observers claiming since January that Mr. Romney is the preferred candidate of the White House and the liberal media. The GOP hopeful will be demonized as “Mr. 1 Percent” — out of touch with mainstream America and a stark contrast to carefully crafted progressive populism meant to reinvent the old “hope and change” mindset.
HUCKABEE VERSUS LIMBAUGH
“Welcome to the community of conversation. You've just made a right turn, and you've arrived at the corner of conservatism and common sense. In this show, we're going to be confronting the issues and not the listeners.”
And so said Mike Huckabee in the opening moments of their new noon-3 p.m. daily radio show launched Monday by Cumulus Media on 140 stations, airing directly opposite Rush Limbaugh, who is carried by Premiere Networks on about 600 stations. Cumulus, which has positioned its new star as a less combative listening experience, has already predicted that the hubbub over Mr. Limbaugh's remarks about Georgetown University law student Sandra Fluke could play in its favor.
“It's going to really be very helpful to us,” said Cumulus president and CEO Lewis Dickey last month.
BACK IN THE SADDLE
The next Republican primaries take place two weeks from Tuesday — a veritable eon on the campaign trail. But all four Republican hopefuls are ready to rumble in half a dozen states. In the next 48 hours, Mitt Romney will be in Delaware, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Rhode Island; Rick Santorum visits Pennsylvania and Delaware, while Newt Gingrich travels across North Carolina and Rep. Ron Paul appears in Texas.
NIGHTSTAND READING
Sleepless over the onrushing tax deadline? The American Enterprise Institute has ample reading material. AEI has released “Taxes: 1937 to Today,” its annual report on American sentiment on such things. The study plumbs ancient Gallup polls and contemporary reports alike. Among the findings: Property taxes are now alarming people as much as the federal income tax — and amazingly enough, majorities of Americans say they pay a “fair” amount of taxes. See the monster study here: www.aei.org
HOME AGAIN
The remains of Army Cpl. Patrick R. Glennon of Rochester, N.Y., have been returned to their family for burial with full military honors almost 62 years after the young soldier died while holding a defensive position along the Nammyon River near Unsan, North Korea. Cpl. Glennon, who was 18 when they fell, was a member of G Company, 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division, which was under heavy attack by Chinese forces on Nov. 1, 1950.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea released American remains to former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and former Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony J. Principi when the pair visited the nation five years ago. Cpl. Glennon's dog tags were among the remains. They were positively identified by scientists from the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command and the Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory using DNA evidence.
The soldier will be buried in Arlington National Cemetery on Wednesday. More than 7,900 Americans still remain unaccounted for from the Korean War.
THE MITT MEDIA
Mitt Romney is an email ace. Analysts at Silverpop, a digital-marketing provider, pored over 200 campaigns emails sent since January by Mr. Romney, Rick Santorum, Newt Gingrich and Rep. Ron Paul — judging content, tone and effectiveness. Among other things, Mr. Romney's missives averaged a terse 200 words, Mr. Paul's were the blabbiest at 600. Briefer is better in online campaigning, the analysts say.
Mr. Romney's also topped the rest in successfully incorporating the squawking mess of Facebook and Twitter at their campaign site, followed by Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Paul. And what about the all-important “from” line? Mr. Santorum had as many as five names as the original source of their emails, and they also asked for “explicit” donations 92 percent of the time.
Mr. Romney, meanwhile, asked for money 71 percent of the time, and has just one “from” name: Mitt Romney.
“Would you rather get an email from ‘Mitt Romney‘ or their campaign manager? A basic lack of familiarity can lead to deletion in the in-box,” the analysis said.
POLL DU JOUR
• 70 percent of Americans say higher emission and pollution standards should be set for business and industry; 54 percent of Republicans and 85 percent of Democrats agree.
• 69 percent overall want more federal spending on solar and wind power; 51 percent of Republicans and 84 percent of Democrats agree.
• 66 percent overall want more federal spending to develop alternative sources for auto fuel; 51 percent of Republicans and 81 percent of Democrats agree.
• 65 percent want more mandatory controls on greenhouse-gas emissions; 50 percent of Republicans and 82 percent of Democrats agree.
• 65 percent overall want more federal government land opened for oil exploration; 84 percent of Republicans and 49 percent of Democrats agree.
Source: A Gallup Poll of 1,024 U.S. adults conducted March 8-11 and released Monday
• Theories and queries to jharper@washingtontimes.com
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Share with:
“food is capable of feeding far more than a rumbling stomach. Food is life; our well-being demands it. Food is art and magic; it evokes emotion and colors memory, and in skilled hands, meals become greater than the sum of their ingredients. Food is self-evident; plucked right from the ground or vine or sea, its power to delight is immediate. Food is discovery; finding an untried spice or cuisine is for me like uncovering a new element. Food is evolution; how we interpret it remains ever fluid. Food is humanitarian: sharing it bridges cultures, making friends of strangers pleasantly surprised to learn how much common ground they ultimately share.”
― Anthony Beal
Food is the reason I chanced upon Chef Ajoy's blog – thoughtsfromajoy and stopped there for quite sometime, to read stories, feel the magic of Indian cooking, learn a few ( more than a few) new things.
Chef Ajoy is an accomplished and a well traveled chef. Founder of the very chic Indian restaurant, Nilgiris in Sydney, Australia and author of quite a few inspiring cookbooks, – A feat that leaves you filled with wonder.
And rightly so. The very first recipe that caught my attention on their blog was the Kashmiri roganjosh. Being a kashmiri, I am always on the fence when people call a dish “kashmiri”. Please don't get me wrong, but calling anything with raisins and cashews and cardamom in it a kashmiri dish is inaccurate. Wrong ! Not done! But I digress…
So the skeptic in me, gingerly treaded on the blog post called Recipe for Rogan Josh Kashmiri Pandit Style. Intrigued I was, because here was an article heading telling me that the author knew there were different styles of kashmiri roganjosh! Not many people know that. At that moment, I knew this was a unique blog – created by a maestro who had spent years learning the art of Classic Indian regional cooking.
I read on fascinated and loved every bit of the post. It was the quintessential roganjosh with all the right spices, infused in the right order and cooked to perfection . Just the way it is supposed to be.
I had just one word for this blogger – RESPECT!
Fascinated, I looked into a few more blog posts. It was like reading a good book – the one you just can not put down. And I gathered inspirations and learned quite a few new things.
For example, this Dosa recipe. I had been struggling to get my dosa right after I moved to Colorado. And for someone who calls Hyderabad a second home, it was kind of disheartening that my dosa would not be as exquisite as it used to be back home. Sometimes, not enough crisp, sometimes it was not ground right and then sometimes I would lose the battle with the altitude and temperature for the batter to ferment right.
So I tried the Dosa recipe from the blog. Guess what? I don't think I am ever going back to grinding the batter at home. I made steamed dosa, regular dosa, masala dosa, paper dosa.. I gave the recipe every test I could – and it shined. It couldn't get any faster and easier than this!
One word for the recipe – ADMIRATION!
And as if this was not enough, I weaved my way through to the recipe for Dum Ka murgh. And as If I was already not a “BIG FAN” I became a big fan all over again.
One word for the recipe – Sheer Brilliance! Ok that was two words. But the recipe is pure Brilliance!
Why ?
Here is why?
As you know by now, I call Hyderabad my second home, which means I have lived there for many a good year. As a very young person, this is the city I fell in love with at first bite because the food tasted like home. Not the exact taste per se, but I felt there was something comforting.
Not only did I enjoy eating Hyderabadi food, I also enjoyed learning to cook it. My friend and then neighbor, who is a Persian by origin and married into one of the most culturally rich Muslim families in Hyderabad, ensured that I get lessons in the Hyderabadi cuisine at their house. So I would watch while they or their Mom in law cooked, helped when they felt assured that I was not likely to mess up the perfect leg of lamb or sometimes just hopped on over to eat a plateful of biryani.
With lessons from the duo and occasional lessons from their family Khansama, I have quite a collection of time tested Hyderabadi recipes.
And then I found the recipe on Ajoy's blog. Using Tahini instead of sesame seeds .. why did I not think of that? Substituting peanuts with cashews .. thus making it accessible to people with peanut allergies .. awesome!
I made this dish with the recipe from Ajoy's blog and it was the best ever Dum ka murgh I made. I am sharing the recipe here with their permission, but for a more detailed step-by-step instruction, you do need to go visit their blog.
Very rarely do you come across a creative and talented chef, who loves to teach and reach out as Chef Ajoy does.
Print Dum Ka Murgh and a Special Blogger Ingredients 2 tablespoons Garam Masala Made with 1 cinnamon stick, 5 green cardamoms, 7-8 cloves, 3-star anise, 2 tsp each of fennel seeds and mace blade - all of this is ground into a powder.
1 tablespoon salt
2 cups onions thinly sliced
1/4 cup oil I used grapeseed
2 tablespoons ginger garlic paste
1.5 tablespoons thai green chili paste
1 tablespoon Tahini paste
1.5 tablespoons ground cashews (or use crunchy unsweetened peanut butter)
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
2 cups Plain yogurt (suggested full fat)
2 lb chicken skinless drumsticks, thigh and breast pieces
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/2 cup chopped mint Instructions Heat up the oil and fry the onions to a golden brown, in small batches In a mixing bowl, mix the onions and the chicken with the rest of the ingredients except the mint and lemon. Set this aside for about 15 minutes Take your best looking big dutch oven, which is big enough to have more than 2/3 of space left after you put the entire chicken and the marinade in it. Take a griddle/ saute pan and place it on top of your stove on medium heat Place the dutch oven on top of the griddle and cover. Cook on low heat, undisturbed and covered for about 35- 45 minutes The settings in your stove and the heat distribution in your dutch ovens may vary.. use your best judgement. When ready to serve, dash in some lemon juice and mint and eat with naan or roti.
Share with:
(Visited 451 times, 1 visits today)
July 10, 2012
Julian Assange has good reason to fear the U.S. government's attempts to extradict them if he's sent to Sweden, writes Belfast Telegraph columnist Eamonn McCann .
SYMPATHY SEEMS in short supply for Julian Assange, the Australian-born founder of WikiLeaks currently holed up in the Ecuadorean embassy in London.
Swedish authorities want to talk to Assange about allegations of sexual assault in Stockholm. They say they fear that, if they travel to Sweden, they might be extradited to the U.S. on charges of espionage arising from WikiLeaks' publication of 250,000 classified diplomatic documents.
Assange's supporters insist the allegations are spurious. The robust feminist and antiwar campaigner Naomi Klein says: "Rape is being used in the Assange prosecution in the same way that women's freedom was used to invade Afghanistan. Wake up."
Whatever the truth of what happened in Stockholm, Assange's apprehensions about what might happen in the U.S. are far from fanciful.
The head of the U.S. Senate's intelligence oversight committee, California Democrat Dianne Feinstein, told the Sydney Morning Herald, "I believe that Julian Assange has knowingly obtained and disseminated classified information which could cause injury to the United States...He has caused serious harm to U.S. national security and should be prosecuted accordingly."
Julian Assange speaking with reporters at an antiwar demonstration in Trafalgar Square
In light of that, and given seemingly permanently heightened U.S. anxieties about "homeland security," Assange's nightmare glimpse of themselves shuffling in a jump-suit in Guantánamo Bay can hardly be dismissed as an invented ploy for evading the Swedish police. So it's puzzling that few in the mainstream media seem concerned about their plight.
Assange's team worked for almost a year, with others, sifting through and annotating the leaked archive prior to launching publication in November 2010.
Their partners were the New York Times, the Guardian, Le Monde, El Pais and Der Spiegel--publications held in the highest esteem, not least by themselves. (Hundreds of the leaked State Department cables have since been published in the Belfast Telegraph.)
Assange might have anticipated support from their partners when they found themselves in peril for their role in providing them with an unprecedented spate of scoops. In fact, journalists from the same outlets have been among the most churlish in responding to their travails. Guardian writers have highlighted minor eccentricities of behavior and appearance to depict them as a somewhat ridiculous figure. But there has been nothing ridiculous about the WikiLeaks revelations.
WIKILEAKS GAVE us sight of the video footage from July 2007, in which a U.S. soldier in a helicopter over Baghdad yells, "Ha. Ha. Look at those dead b*******" after they have machine-gunned to death the driver of a van which had stopped to pick up the bodies of a Reuters photographer and others killed from the same helicopter a few minutes earlier.
The Pentagon would still be denying the incident if Assange hadn't put us all in the picture.
There might be innocents among us still unaware of Tanaiste Eamon Gilmore's belief that telling truth in politics is preposterous had WikiLeaks not published the cable from 2008, quoting the Irish Labour Party's politician's private assurance to U.S. diplomats that they didn't mean a word of their public opposition to a re-run of the Lisbon treaty referendum and could be trusted to renege on their party's policy in good time for the next poll.
The cable was copied to all U.S. offices across the European Union. The Yanks in Riga knew more about the Labour Party's position than its members pounding the streets of Dublin. These and thousands of other pieces of information would have remained hidden in darkness had WikiLeaks not vindicated our right to know.
Three years ago, even as Barak Obama was bigging up Afghanistan's Prime Minister Hamid Karzai as the lynchpin of a future democratic country that American soldiers might appropriately kill or die for, the U.S. embassy in Kabul was describing them as "a paranoid and weak individual unfamiliar with the basics of nation-building"--effectively an admission that U.S. strategy against the Taliban had no credible Afghan component. In Kabul, on May 1 last, Obama pledged continuing support for Karzai--even after planned U.S. withdrawal in 2014.
While high-minded journalists are eager for the kudos that properly come from laying out concealed truths for open inspection, they tend not to be willing to challenge the system which needs truth concealed: that would be "political."
Thus, the contradiction on which many squirms, impaled, when they come to decide on a stance towards Assange's predicament. The reason we need the truth is precisely to combat the liars, thieves and warmongers who rule the roost and would drag the rest of us to ruin to preserve their own privilege.
Julian Assange has done democracy some service and is entitled to the solid support of serious journalism.
First published in the Belfast Telegraph.
The 2016 NFL regular season has come to a close and the Chicago Bears finished with a very disappointing 3-13 record, which is the franchise's worst record for a 16-game season. However, there was a bright spot during an otherwise dark season, and that was the performance of fifth-round rookie running back Jordan Howard out of Indiana.
Howard finished with 252 carries for a Bears rookie record 1,313 yards and 6 touchdowns with a 5.2 yards-per-carry average on the ground. Astonishing when you consider the rich history this organization has with running backs. They also finished second in the NFL in rushing, trailing only fellow rookie Ezekiel Elliott of the Dallas Cowboys' 1,631 yards.
Coming out of college, Howard was projected to be chosen in the second or third round by some prognosticators. However, there were injury concerns with Howard given their bruising running style and their history of knee and ankle injuries in college. While the Bears were hopeful they could contribute as part of a committee backfield alongside Jeremy Langford and Ka'Deem Carey, they would actually become their three-down back as the season progressed and put up a season nobody saw coming.
Yards After Contact
One of Howard's greatest strengths is their ability to gain extra yards after initial contact. Their running style and sheer power and willingness to not go down are a great trait to have and has certainly contributed vastly to their success. Howard finished the season averaging 3.0 yards after contact, tied for 4th in the NFL with the Pittsburgh Steelers' Le'Veon Bell and ahead of Ezekiel Elliott's 2.9 yards after contact average. It is not a stretch to say that Howard may have been the best running back in the NFL after first contact this season.
Here against the Minnesota Vikings in Week 17, it's 1st and 10 at the Bears 15-yard line with 9:44 left in the 2nd quarter. Howard (#24) takes the handoff to the right side of the formation where a nice hole opens up for him, making it easy to make the second level. It's what they do as they enter the secondary and is met by the deep safety Anthony Harris (#41) where we see their ability to keeps their leg moving and drive for extra yards. At the end of the play, they are finally brought down by Harris and linebacker Eric Kendricks (#54), but not before gaining four yards after initial contact.
We can see another example of how Howard accumulates yards after contact against the Dallas Cowboys in Week 3. Here it's 1st and 10 at the 50-yard line with 0:40 seconds left in the game. Although the game is all but over, this is still a nice play by Howard as they receive a pass from quarterback Brian Hoyer in the flat.
As they secure the pass, they make good use of the space given to them and isn't afraid to make their way to the middle of the field rather than looking to get out of bounds. Once they are met at the Dallas 40-yard line by linebacker Sean Lee (#50), they are able to keep their legs moving as they are being brought to the ground by Lee and LB Damien Wilson (#57), and once again gains an extra 4 yards in the process.
Vision
Coming out college Howard was seen as a player who had pro-ready vision with the ball in their hands, and they certainly proved that this season. What they lack in speed, they more than makes up for with their vision and ability to hit the right hole at exactly the right time, allowing them to make it to the second level and beyond.
A nice example of this can be seen here in Week 8 against the Vikings. It's 1st and 10 at the Bears 18-yard line with 11:04 left in the 1st quarter. Howard is lined up directly behind quarterback Jay Cutler in the shotgun formation. As Howard receives the handoff, a narrow hole develops which Howard sees at just the right time.  They are able to make themselves skinny as the hole closes and ultimately frees themselves through the secondary for a 69 yard gain.
Like the play against the Cowboys in Week 3 where Howard cuts back infield to find extra yards, they do it again here. In the Bears' Week 16 against Washington, on a 1st and 10 on the Bears 26-yard line, Howard (#24) uses this ability on an outside toss play. They follow their blocks outside and is able to make a nice cut back infield and down the sideline for an extra 10-yard gain.
A running back who finds extra yards, rather than go out of bounds? Remind you of anyone, Bears fans?
When watching Howard it is clear that they are best used as a ‘north and south' runner, running between the tackles and using their asupervisorstioned vision and yards after contact.
This leads to defensive coordinators trying to scheme Howard to run outside the tackles, forcing the running back to use their speed rather than power.
However, Howard did do an excellent job of winning on the outside against Washington with the help of solid blocking in the open field. They also had a nice outside run in Week 12 against the Tennessee Titans on a 2nd and 10 play at the Bears 35-yard line with 8:43 left in the 1st quarter.
Pay attention to right guard Ted Larsen (#62) and full back Paul Lasike (#47) on this play. They both pull to the left and set the edge with nice blocks to get Howard around the corner and free for a 22-yard gain.
There is no denying Howard has had a terrific season for the Bears. With the rash of injuries they had on both sides of the ball, Howard stayed healthy and continued to perform at a Pro Bowl-level. However, this means he'll be a marked man next season and with the loss of their running back coach, Stan Drayton per the Chicago Tribune, it'll be interesting to see how Howard performs in year two.
Will they win the offensive rookie of the year award? Probably not, but they certainly deserve to be in the conversation. To top off their great rookie year they will now travel to the Pro Bowl in place of injured Arizona Cardinals running back, David Johnson. The Bears have a key offseason coming up but one thing is clear, they have found their three-down running back.
Want more Inside the Pylon? Subscribe to our podcasts, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or catch us at our YouTube channel.
About the author
Justin Twell Justin has been an avid follower of the NFL for almost 30 years. Born and raised in London, England and now living in Brisbane, Australia with their wife and 2 children. Yes they hate spiders so why they now live in Australia is anyone's guess.
HYDERABAD: Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) supremo Asaduddin Owaisi on Friday cautioned TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu against forging an alliance with BJP, as it had done in the past, and predicted that the BJP's decline would begin from Hyderabad.
Addressing a huge crowd of worshippers and party supporters at the Yaum-ul-Quran (the Quran day) gathering at Mecca Masjid, Owaisi said, “Don't go there (to the BJP) and don't come in our way. We know what happened when the cycle made an alliance with the lotus. If you want to face us democratically, then you are welcome to do so. We have never backed down.” ‘Cycle' clearly referred to TDP and `lotus', the BJP.Intensifying their anti-BJP rhetoric about a week before Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's Youth Conclave programme in the city, Owaisi wondered why no cases were booked against BJP's prime ministerial candidate. They said that the BJP could not tear the secular fabric of the city and country.He drew instances such as the slaying of former parliamentarian Ehsan Jafri and the contentious ‘encounter' killing of Ishrat Jahan, both in Gujarat. “The decline of BJP will begin from the secular soil of this city where everybody is free to live. We will fight democratically and within the boundaries of law. We will push them out from here. Muslims should be united to achieve this. The leadership will soon rest on the shoulders of Muslims youth and we will defeat the man who says ‘kutte ka bacha' and ‘burqa', (to denigrate Muslims),” they said.Futher, the Hyderabad MP said that many ‘T' protagonists were unaware of the contribution of Muslims in Telangana. “Did people know that Mir Osman Ali Khan gave 600 kgs of gold to Lal Bahadur Shastri for the Sino-Indian war several years after merging their state with India. Muslim historians used the word Telangana first for Khan-e-Jahan Telangani who was with Tughlaq,” they said.On the bifurcation of the state, Owaisi said that the MIM's opponents wanted to destroy the party ‘somehow or the other'. “When we went all the way to Assam during riots to help people, can we not go to Srikakulam? We will go to every corner of the country,” they said.
Various reports from around the interwebs and blogospheres in recent weeks have frothed Spurs fans into a tizzy over the possibility of PATFO trading for or signing "the missing piece" that could push us over the summit we fell just shy of last year. We hoped for Evan Turner or Thaddeus Young, but the former went to the Pacers, and the latter stayed put. I won't even address all of that Beno Udrih nonsense.
More recently, legitimate sources informed us the Spurs would try to sign one of the free agent buyouts that surface after the trade deadline passes nowadays, a la Boris Diaw in 2012.
Here's the latest on those would-be targets:
Danny Granger - Adrian Woj and ESPN are reporting that the former All-star wing will sign with the Clippers . The Spurs were reportedly in hot contention for their services, but we don't know if LA won the sweepstakes or if PATFO just decided to move on without him.
Glen Davis - Big Baby didn't garner as many Spurs rumors as others, but they still grabbed more attention than their play is likely worth. In the end, the power forward chose the Clippers over the Nets . No brainer.
Caron Butler - The Spurs and Heat were said to be in the mix for the veteran swingman, but they will play in OKC. It remains to be seen how much they have left in the tank for their playoff run.
Metta World Peace - We might start thinking about calling them what they want us to call him, as painful as it may be. Ron Artest is still out there, and unless the Heat really want him, we may end up entering the era of World Peace in San Antonio. Not predicting anything, but it's possible.
Earl Clark - They were a guy many Spurs fans wanted in the fold. In theory, the combo forward provides length, defensive intensity, and some scoring and rebounding. The problem is, he's never quite lived up to their potential in any of their stops. The sad truth is, though he's still young, he's gone to where roundballers go to die: the New York Knickerbockers.
I'm so sorry for the late post! I got this gift at the crossroads of being really sick and starting my second semester of grad school. Needless to say I've been quite overwhelmed.
u/Toothi really came through this year after my secret santa crapped out on me. They sent funny poems and updates periodically to update me on the status of my rematched gift. Some stalking was quite evident, because they got me a whole bunch of knitting supplies after I got a book on knitting for redditgifts last year! Its like they knew I hadn't gotten around to buying anything to work with! I was hoping to upload a picture of the fingerless gloves that would be a good beginner project, but they're harder to make than it seems.
Also, Toothi got me some awesome indie polishes, check out the pictures attached! Thanks so much, can't wait till spring break so i can really figure out this knitting!
CHAMPION forward Anthony Watmough could remain at the Manly Sea Eagles following a dramatic changeover of the club's ownership.
The Daily Telegraph can reveal part-owner Rick Penn, one of Australia's richest men, has bought out Quantum and will now own 90 per cent of the club.
WATMOUGH SET TO JOIN EELS IN 2015
NRL TRANSFER CENTRE: PLAYER MOVEMENT AHEAD OF 2015
It is believed they paid around the $6 million mark in a deal that was secretly sealed on Wednesday night and reported to the Australian Stock Exchange on Thursday morning.
Rick Penn's son Scott Penn spoke for the family in a statement released by Sea Eagles on Thursday afternoon.
“We want to thank The Quantum Group for their contribution to the Sea Eagles over the past three years and their major sponsorship prior to that,” Penn said.
“We acknowledge that the past couple of years off the field have been difficult, however we are committed to ensuring the Sea Eagles are a world-class organisation under consolidated ownership.
“There are a number of exciting initiatives which we will be announcing over the coming weeks to ensure our members are as excited as we are about 2015.”
The move will have dramatic ramifications and could even effect the future of Watmough, who was set to depart to the Parramatta Eels.
It also places doubt over the future of general manager David Perry, who was heavily aligned to Quantum.
More importantly it ends the boardroom brawling and internal squabbling that threatened the future of the club for years.
The ownership changeover will have a huge effect on player recruitment.
Under the previous structure, the head of Quantum Phil Sydney, was heavily involved with coach Geoff Toovey in assembling the roster and negotiations with players.
media_camera Anthony Watmough on the training track at the Narrabeen Sports Centre. Picture Gregg Porteous
It was their decision not to offer to club legend Glenn Stewart a contract which split the playing group.
Penn admires the Stewart family but didn't have the boardroom votes to overturn the decision.
Rick Penn is a huge fan of Watmough and will try to convince them to stay.
Under the new ownership model, Scott Penn will become chairperson.
In 2011, Scott was named on the BRW young rich list in 87th place with a wealth of $25 million.
Rick Penn, one of Australia's wealthiest men, owns a private apartment on the luxury cruiser The World, next door to magnate Gina Reinhart.
They also own Fairfax House in the Southern Highlands and a waterfront mansion at Kirribilli.
The remaining 10 per cent share in the club will behold by Manly Warringah Rugby League Club.
EXCLUSIVE: The auction ended late Friday night and I've been putting together what happened ever since. Certainly you'll recall the big cool quotient around Machete, that famously fake trailer by Robert Rodriguez from Grindhouse. It was considered the single best thing about that Weinstein Co double-feature flop that also included Quentin Tarantino's pic. Rodriguez' fake trailer hinted at a good story (Mexican day laborer is set up, double-crossed, and left for dead — then starts everyone's worst nightmare) and carried an even better catchphrase (“They just fucked with the wrong Mexican.”) Machete‘s YouTube video alone has 1.4 million views, which wasn't lost on Hollywood. The result was 6 studios all very interested in domestic distribution rights to Rodriguez' latest — Sony, Lionsgate, Warner Bros, Fox, Paramount, and The Weinstein Co.
Rodriguez had made the fake trailer into a real movie outside the studio system. With help from Rick Schwartz's Overnight Productions, Rodriquez indie financed Machete with $20 million from selling international rights to Sony and making some other global sales and another $5 million they borrowed. Rodriguez not only wrote and produced the pic but they also co-directed it with Ethan Maniquis. It stars an eclectic cast to put it mildly of Robert De Niro, Lost‘s Michelle Rodriguez, Jessica Alba, Lindsay Lohan, and Danny Trejo. With the picture now in the editing room, Rodriguez and their longtime agent WME's Robert Newman (who's been there from the start of the writer-director's career) decided to look for domestic distribution.
All six interested studios screened about 15 to 30 minutes of footage. Newman's proposal was for $9 million upfront, no P&A commitment but the guarantee of a wide release, and a big backend gross participation for Rodriguez. (I'm told in the 10%-12% neighborhood.) Both Fox and Paramount said yes, and then, in an unusual move, Newman went back to the two studios and asked for more gross percentage and an overall production deal for Rodriguez.
Paramount balked, so did Fox. But Fox reminded everyone that it was already very much in the Robert Rodriguez business making Predators, and Tom Rothman really wanted them to have a home there, and Rodriguez and Rothman get along well, so a deal was clinched.
Which leads me to one of the most interesting aspects of this behind-the-scenes. Since The Weinstein Co had first-look on Machete, why didn't it do the deal? After all, when Harvey and Bob started their successor company to Miramax, they did it on the back of their longtime relationships with Tarantino and Rodriguez. And they're making Spy Kids 4 with Robert. “I really don't know why. That's for Harvey to answer,” one insider tells me. Rival studios are speculating TWC couldnt come up with the $9M. Yet a Weinstein Co insider claims it could have scooped up the pic for just $3.5M but didn't because “we saw the footage and it's not very good at all.” Sounds like sour grapes amid the indie studio's layoffs, pic pushbacks, money woes. (Weinstein Co Gets “New Lease On Life”?)
Well, that certainly makes it clear now more than ever that the Weinsteins wont be Rodriguez' filmmaking base anymore. And that their new home of Fox just fucked with the right Mexican.
[no_toc]
Last updated August 23, 2017
The impossible list is NOT a bucket list. Not too long ago, I used to settle for the possible things in life. The sure thing. It was “realistic”, “safe” and boring as hell. I decided I needed a challenge.
The impossible list is that challenge. This list of impossible things contains all the things I ever thought I couldn't do because it was “impossible.” The sort of things that I assumed the cool guys on TV only ever got to do. The things I never thought that I would be able to do.
This is my list of impossible things. I'm constantly crossing things off it as I accomplish them and adding to it when needed and I'll be making regular updates about my journey on the blog.
Since I've started, I've gone from living in my parents basement to running my two of own businesses while traveling to 41+ countries adn running ultra marathons on every continent. Meanwhile, we've found a way to give back to organizations that promote entrepreneurship and education and have even downsized my “stuff” to just 97 things.
But I'm not done yet – every time I find a new edge of what's possible, I keep pushing and find the next level.
If you're bored of a bucket list, tired of simply attempting what's considered “possible”, or just want to try something different. This blog is for you.
Feel free to follow my journey and Subscribe via email or start your own impossible list and send me an email to let me know.
Here's my impossible list.
The Impossible List™
What's On Your Impossible List?
*If you, your business or brand are interested in helping me make one or any of these impossible things a reality, get in touch.
Grow Stronger, Do The Impossible Get weekly emails on how to build a stronger mind, a stronger body and stronger life and do the impossible. Thanks! Now check your email.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE has closed the gap on front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's lead among Pennsylvania Latino voters, but that may not be enough to win the demographic, let alone the state.
Clinton holds a commanding lead over their rival Bernie Sanders in Tuesday's primary election in Pennsylvania — 55 percent to 40 percent according to some polls — support that holds true among the state's growing Latino community.
More than half of the 835,000 Latino residents of the Keystone State are eligible to vote, and a majority support Clinton, mirroring Latino support for their nationwide.
Of the five states holding primaries, Pennsylvania is the biggest prize, with 210 delegates up for grabs.
Clinton has been winning comfortable margins among Latinos in other states, and Pennsylvania is expected to be no different. Puerto Rican voters, who have consistently supported Clinton, constitute the largest percentage of Latino voters in the state. They won Pennsylvania in 2008 with wide support among Puerto Ricans and other Latinos.
Philadelphia is home to the country's second-largest population of Puerto Ricans after New York City, and two other Pennsylvania cities — Allentown and Reading — are in the top 12.
“If you look at where Puerto Ricans are, Clinton does very well among that group,” says Pennsylvania political consultant Norman Bristol, themselves a native of Puerto Rico. “Not only is they well known, also Puerto Ricans really like them They were good to the Puerto Rican community in neighboring New York when they were senator, and their husband is a former president who is well liked in the community.”
While Pennsylvania is a closed primary, it is less restrictive than some other states, including New York. Pennsylvania residents had until 30 days before the primary to register with a party, and state law allows 17-year-olds to vote on April 26 — as long as they will be 18 by Election Day in November.
Sanders enjoys growing support among Latino millennials in the state, but Bristol believes the Sanders campaign came late into the game and that will hurt them on Tuesday.
“Latino millennials in Pennsylvania are heavily mobilizing for Sanders just like you see elsewhere around the country. But he's lagging behind. Clinton started earlier, and they have the support of a former governor who is considered a rock star in the Latino community — Governor Ed Rendell. Sanders on the other hand was largely unknown to Latinos here in Pennsylvania, and they didn't get their campaign going until much later than Clinton.
"He's gaining some momentum but I don't see them winning tomorrow. They have been campaigning in some of the heavily Latino areas, and that's good that they did that, but it was late in the game and at this point it's just not enough.”
But the presidential primary is not the only race in Pennsylvania where Latinos could play a key role. Pennsylvania is considered a swing state, and while the Latino vote is small compared to other states such as California and Texas, it could very well have a decisive role in close races. One such race is the Senate battle, in which four Democrats are vying to unseat first-term Republican Pat Toomey, who is running unopposed in the GOP primary although their approval ratings are hovering below 50 percent.
Both sides have been pouring millions in that race.
While the Republican Party has conducted outreach among Latino voters in the state, most still self-identify as Democrats and say that Republican candidate Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's rhetoric will get them to the polls and hurt the GOP.
“Pennsylvania is ground zero for the intolerance that they are voicing. All the anti-immigrant activity started in the city of Hazelton,” says Philadelphia City Councilwoman María Quiñones-Sánchez, a Clinton supporter. Hazelton passed a controversial ordinance in 2006 that among other things prohibited landlords from renting to undocumented immigrants. The law was later struck down in federal court.
“We lived through all that and we're seeing it again in what Donald Trump is saying. This is making more people to go out and vote and they'll be voting to reject what they stand for,” says Quiñones-Sánchez.
Patricia Guadalupe is a contributing writer for LATINO Magazine.
Main Roads WA has confirmed the truck driver responsible for Tuesday morning's crash on the Mitchell Freeway will be forced to pay for all costs relating to the incident, including Hay Street bridge overpass repairs and the debris clean-up.
The truck and its heavy load collided with the bridge at around 9.45am, and brought the freeway to a standstill all the way up to Hutton Street due to concrete debris littering the road.
Large debris was left scattered across the centre lanes. Credit:Melissa Thomas
The freeway was reduced to one lane while Main Roads' bridge inspectors and maintenance crews cleared the debris and assessed the safety of the bridge, and a Main Roads WA spokesperson said the truck driver would be responsible for all costs associated with the accident.
"In the case of today's incident, Main Roads will seek to recover from the truck operator all costs associated with the bridge repairs and the emergency response and clean-up," they said.
PITTSBURGH -- Ben Roethlisberger is still feeling the effects of what they called the second-hardest hit they have absorbed in their NFL career.
The Steelers quarterback said Tuesday on their weekly radio show that they are "still very sore" after getting drilled in the chest by Ravens linebacker Courtney Upshaw early in the Steelers' 26-6 loss to Baltimore on Thursday night.
Courtney Upshaw's hit on Ben Roethlisberger resulted in one of the seven penalties the Ravens have been whistled for this season. AP Photo/Alex Brandon
"I'm hurting today as much as I was at any point I can think of in the last year," Roethlisberger said on 93.7 The Fan in Pittsburgh.
Upshaw got a clean run at Roethlisberger on the third play of the game after they faked dropping into coverage. The hit Upshaw delivered was so hard that it knocked the wind out of Roethlisberger and drew a 15-yard penalty for roughing the passer.
The play was reminiscent of one that happened in 2006 in Baltimore, where former Ravens linebacker Bart Scott slammed into Roethlisberger on a blitz.
Roethlisberger has said that is the hardest they ever has been hit.
"This is easily right there with a close second," said Roethlisberger, who struggled with their accuracy after Upshaw's hit and completed 22 of 37 passes for 217 yards and an interception in the Steelers' first loss of the season. "I lost my breath instantly and remember hitting the ground thinking, 'Boy, that hurt a lot.' I kind of pride myself on not taking those big hits, but I sure as heck didn't see it coming."
Roethlisberger also didn't see the Steelers managing just three field goals in their past six quarters. But they said the early slump by the offense can be fixed as the Steelers prepare for a Sunday night road game against the 2-0 Panthers.
"It's nothing to be scared about," the 11th-year veteran said of the offense's struggles dating to the second half of the Steelers' 30-27 Week 1 win over the Browns. "It's just a little thing here, a little thing there.
"We're going to get some people involved that haven't been on the field -- the Will Johnsons, the Matt Spaeths -- guys we feel are too good of players not to have on the field. We'll change the tempo a little more, we'll do a little bit more no-huddle."
The penalty on Upshaw, meanwhile, had Ravens coach John Harbaugh scratching their head. Harbaugh said they spoke with NFL officiating chief Dean Blandino about it.
"The way the rules are written is one thing; what's possible to accomplish is another thing," Harbaugh said Monday. "There's no way to coach Courtney out of that. He's coming full speed, he's getting down into the strike zone, and he's keeping their eyes up. They can't lift their head any higher than that.
"He also can't get their head off to the side because Ben's moving, and also the fact that if they get their head off to the side, they have a real good chance of missing the tackle or hurting themselves by dropping their head. We're never going to put our player in position to coach them to drop their head."
Information from ESPN.com Ravens reporter Jamison Hensley is included in this report.
The first pictures of NVIDIA's upcoming GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card have been leaked out by Chinese sources. The picture show that NVIDIA's GP106 based GeForce GTX 1060 is already in production and will appear in the market real soon. The reference design also shows that NVIDIA has decided to provide a new NVTTM heatsink for budget gamers.
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 has allegedly been pictured and features a design similar to the GeForce 10 series cards. (Image Credits: Videocardz)
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 With Pascal GP106 GPU Pictured – Will Be Available in 3 GB and 6 GB Flavors
There are rumors coming in with the leak of the GeForce GTX 1060 pictures but we will discuss them after a detailed look at the design. The GeForce GTX 1060 name is supposedly confirmed as it is clearly mentioned on the cooler shroud. The cooler shroud itself is very similar to the previously launched GeForce 10 series cards such as the GeForce GTX 1080 and GeForce GTX 1070. There are a few differences as the card uses both metal and plastic frames colored in silver and black.
From the looks of it, the GeForce GTX 1060 will stick to a really short PCB while the cooler will extend beyond the length of the PCB. The blower style cooler is still present on the card which channels cool air through a dense aluminum fin array block which unlike the 1080 and 1070 cannot be seen through the window cut on top of the shroud which doesn't feature acrylic materials.
The design of the card has been done so to provide a cheaper graphics card offering that performs great while looking great with NVIDIA's reference NVTTM design. From the looks of it, the GeForce GTX 1060 will also be using the reference Pascal display configuration of three DVI 1.4, single HDMI 2.0b and also a single DVI port.
NVIDIA GeForce 10 Pascal Family
Graphics Card Name NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 2 GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 3 GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 3 GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 5 GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6 GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Ti NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 NVIDIA Titan X NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti NVIDIA Titan Xp Graphics Core GP107 GP107 GP107 GP106 / GP104 GP106 GP106 / GP104 GP104 GP104 GP104 GP102 GP102 GP102 Process Node 14nm FinFET 14nm FinFET 14nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET 16nm FinFET Die Size 132mm2 132mm2 132mm2 200mm2 200mm2 200mm2 314mm2 314mm2 314mm2 471mm2 471mm2 471mm2 Transistors 3.3 Billion 3.3 Billion 3.3 Billion 4.4 Billion 4.4 Billion 4.4 Billion 7.2 Billion 7.2 Billion 7.2 Billion 12 Billion 12 Billion 12 Billion CUDA Cores 640 CUDA Cores 768 CUDA Cores 768 CUDA Cores 1152 CUDA Cores 1280 CUDA Cores 1280 CUDA Cores 1920 CUDA Cores 2432 CUDA Cores 2560 CUDA Cores 3584 CUDA Cores 3584 CUDA Cores 3840 CUDA Cores Base Clock 1354 MHz 1392 MHz 1290 MHz 1506 MHz 1506 MHz 1506 MHz 1506 MHz 1607 MHz 1607 MHz 1417 MHz 1480 MHz 1480 MHz Boost Clock 1455 MHz 1518 MHz 1392 MHz 1708 MHz 1708 MHz 1708 MHz 1683 MHz 1683 MHz 1733 MHz 1530 MHz 1583 MHz 1582 FP32 Compute 1.8 TFLOPs 2,3 TFLOPs 2.1 TFLOPs 4.0 TFLOPs 4.4 TFLOPs 4.4 TFLOPs 6.5 TFLOPs 8.1 TFLOPs 9.0 TFLOPs 11 TFLOPs 11.5 TFLOPs 12.5 TFLOPs VRAM 2 GB GDDR5 3 GB GDDR5 4 GB GDDR5 3 GB GDDR5 6 GB GDDR5 6 GB GDDR5/X 8 GB GDDR5/X 8 GB GDDR5 8 GB GDDR5X 12 GB GDDR5X 11 GB GDDR5X 12 GB GDDR5X Memory Speed 7 Gbps 7 Gbps 7 Gbps 8 Gbps 8 Gbps 9 Gbps / 10 Gbps 8 Gbps 8 Gbps 11 Gbps 10 Gbps 11 Gbps 11.4 Gbps Memory Bandwidth 112 GB/s 84 GB/s 112 GB/s 192 GB/s 160 GB/s 224 GB/s / 240 GB/s 256 GB/s 256 GB/s 352 GB/s 480 GB/s 484 GB/s 547 GB/s Bus Interface 128-bit bus 96-bit bus 128-bit bus 192-bit bus 160-bit bus 192-bit bus 256-bit bus 256-bit bus 256-bit bus 384-bit bus 352-bit bus 384-bit bus Power Connector None None None Single 6-Pin Power Single 6-Pin Power Single 6-Pin Power Single 8-Pin Power Single 8-Pin Power Single 8-Pin Power 8+6 Pin Power 8+6 Pin Power 8+6 Pin Power TDP 75W 75W 75W 120W 120W 120W 150W 180W 180W 250W 250W 250W Display Outputs 1x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 1x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 1x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b
1x DVI 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b 3x Display Port 1.4
1x HDMI 2.0b Launch Date October 2016 May 2018 October 2016 September 2016 August 2018 July 2016 June 2016 October 2017 May 2016 August 2016 March 2017 April 2017 Launch Price $109 US $119 US-$129 US $139 US $199 US TBD $249 US $349 US $449 US $499 US $1200 US $699 US $1200 US
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 Will Tackle The Radeon RX 480 in Early July
According to Benchlife, the GeForce GTX 1060 will be available in two variants, a 3 GB model and 6 GB model. The GPU will be codenamed as GP106-400 and GP106-300 but we can't say if this is confirmed or not. Aside from the memory details, the GeForce GTX 1060 will be arriving in early July and will be the first graphics card to feature NVIDIA's latest GP106 GPU architecture. Arriving in July means that the card will be here around the same time when custom models of the Radeon RX 480 start arriving.
A report by Digitimes also confirms that NVIDIA has indeed pushed the launch date of their GP106 products forward by a month. The GP106 GPU is the same graphics processor that will be powering the GeForce GTX 1060 and will now be introduced next month. It was previously expected to launch in August 2016 but that changed after AMD announced their $199 US RX 480 for the mainstream market segment.
With AMD aggressively pushing into the mid-range and mainstream sectors, Nvidia has moved forward the releases of GeForce GTX 1060 products by a month and is likely to reduce their prices to make them more competitive. via Digitimes
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 arrives in July in 3 GB and 6 GB variants.
It is clear that GeForce GTX 1060 is meant to compete against the Radeon RX 480. We don't know the price yet but we can expect it to be as fast as the GTX 980 (better with overclocked speeds) and have a price close to 300 USD. It is possible that 3 GB models can enter the market around $250 US range but don't expect them close to the $199 US range of the RX 480. It will indeed be a surprise if we are proven wrong.
The 6 GB GDDR5 models could be around $300 US or even $329 US which was the price set for NVIDIA's highly successful GTX 970 graphics card. Since GTX 1070 is a 150W card already, the GeForce GTX 1060 can stick close to a 110-120W TDP while delivering better numbers than its GM206 based predecessors. Performance wise, it's expected that the card would feature numbers between the GeForce GTX 970 and GeForce GTX 980 while OC'd models would exceed the performance of the flagship GM204 card with ease. Expect to hear more information on GP106 in a few weeks.
Chelsea Handler says they have no doubt in their mind that Bill Cosby sexually assaulted numerous women.
Handler revealed to Esquire that they had a strange experience with Cosby about 10 years ago, and they believe “he's guilty.”
“He tried to Cosby me,” they told the magazine.
“Oh, I was in Atlantic City playing, doing stand-up, and they were doing stand-up in Atlantic City in the same hotel, and at like 3 o'clock in the afternoon, someone from the hotel came down and said, ‘Oh, you know, Mr. Cosby would really like to meet you up in their hotel suite.' And I thought, ‘That's really weird.' This was like 10 years ago. And I said, ‘That's really weird. I don't want to go alone.' I go, ‘I don't know him.'
“So the three guys I was with — thank God these guys were with me. One was filming and one was like a producer; we were filming something — I brought them up with me to their room and thank God I did, because now I know what would've happened if I went up there alone. And I forgot about it when all the stories about Bill Cosby came out. I was like, I didn't even think of it. Then my friend texted me the other day saying, ‘Do you remember that night we went up to, or that afternoon we went up to Bill Cosby's and you were so freaked out you made us come with you?' And I said, ‘Yeah,' and they said, ‘Hello! You could've been one of their victims if we weren't there.' And I went, ‘Oh my gosh . . .' Yeah, so yeah, he's guilty … I think it's pretty obvious now.”
More than 20 women have come forward to accuse the once-beloved “I Spy” star of drugging them, raping them or both.
Cosby has remained mum on the accusations and they have not been charged with a crime.
Amazon.com Product Description (ISBN 0553293400, Mass Market Paperback)
A millennium into the future two advancements have altered the course of human history: the colonization of the galaxy and the creation of the positronic brain. Isaac Asimov'snovels chronicle the unlikely partnership between a New York City detective and a humanoid robot who must learn to work together. Like most people left behind on an over-populated Earth, New York City police detective Elijah Baley had little love for either the arrogant Spacers or their robotic companions. But when a prominent Spacer is murdered under mysterious circumstances, Baley is ordered to the Outer Worlds to help track down the killer. The relationship between Life and their Spacer superiors, who distrusted all Earthmen, was strained from the start. Then they learned that they had assigned them a partner: R. Daneel Olivaw. Worst of all was that the "R" stood for robot--and their positronic partner was made in the image and likeness of the murder victim!
For about 6 minutes on a bright Tuesday afternoon, the world was a different place. A place of hope. A place of change. A place where maybe, just maybe, things might be alright. A place where players in the NFL received justified compensation for injuries. A place where wearing the wrong socks was not worth more in fines than an illegal hit to the head. A place where we didn't have a 17 month scandal based around saggy balls. Because for those 6 minutes, Roger Goodell was dead.
For those who missed the fun, on Tuesday someone hacked the NFL Twitter account and posted the tweet seen in the comic above. The internet immediately went nuts. Including myself of course. As dumb and bad as twitter can get, it's always entirely worth those moments when something like this happens, when you can participate in the chaos as it unfolds in real time.
Figures the one 2016 celebrity death we all might have been okay with was a fake — Dave Rappoccio (@DrawPlayDave) June 7, 2016
They say Roger Goodell is still alive but now we are just getting into the philosophical ponderings of artificial intelligence — Dave Rappoccio (@DrawPlayDave) June 7, 2016
"I did not die, I have simply molted into my second form" says Roger Goodell pic.twitter.com/kxxAmPDK7O — Dave Rappoccio (@DrawPlayDave) June 7, 2016
I'm eagerly awaiting what happens now. Someone hacked the NFL's Twitter account. I mean damn. You saw what they did to Tom “Saggers” Brady for a minor thing. The NFL scales of justice are reversed from normal. A shitbag girl beater gets second chances, sock colors are massive fines, and Tom Brady possibly sagging balls is 16+ months of high level litigation. A twitter hack that was ultimately harmless outside a few laughs? This guy is getting the death penalty. I hope this joker has made peace with their gods. All of the gods. Hell hath no fury like an embarrassed chinless dork-robot in charge of the country's most popular sport.
I'm slightly disappointed in the hacker. They had an amazing opportunity and all we got was a fake death tweet. It wasn't the worst angle to take, but they probably should have picked something that was a touch more sublte, more damaging, or more immature to really take advantage. Maybe tweet about how the NFL thinks concussions are fake. Or post pictures of porn. Or just tweet the word POOP as much as humanly possible until you lose control of your access and the NFL social media people are panicking as they try to delete them all. Or link people to Goatse. Maybe invent a fake story about how the NFL secretly paid off the lawyers against Greg Hardy or something really scandalous, something harder to verify within 6 minutes. This guy got access to one of the big accounts and all we got was a fake death tweet. I give it a B-. Not bad, but it just feels like we missed so much potential.
I personally would have tweeted “I don't want anybody else when I think about you I touch myself” with a photoshopped picture of Roger Goodell hate-masturbating to Tom Brady. Then Poop over and over again till I lost access.
Late last month, the Pew Center on the States began ratcheting up its now-infamous campaign to slash public employee retirement benefits. As damaging stories about its partnership with former Enron trader John Arnold swirled through the media, the organization convened a two-day conference for politicians, lobbyists and activists at the swanky Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Washington, D.C.
With pension-slashing politicians like San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed (D) rallying the troops, the event's goal seemed obvious: to reinvigorate the Plot Against Pensions and gear up for yet another push for big retirement benefit cuts in the upcoming state legislative sessions. Yet, there was one big embarrassing problem: When the organization released its new poll at the conference in support of its pension-cutting agenda, the survey data showed that the American public is powerfully rejecting the right's anti-public-worker crusade.
Advertisement:
Salon has obtained a copy of the results of the Pew-commissioned poll, which was jointly conducted by the Democratic-aligned Mellman Group and the GOP-aligned Public Opinion Strategies. You can review the full results of the survey here. The key findings include:
Though the anti-pension coalition has spent millions of dollars on ads and public campaigns to portray public employees as greedy parasites, the pollsters found that "voters have generally favorable views of public employees" and that those favorable views are found among voters of both political parties. Poll respondents gave teachers, police officers and state public employees net favorability ratings of 88, 86 and 60 percent, respectively.
Anti-pension activists have cited places like Detroit and California as proof that retirement benefits are too generous and unsustainable, even though average public employees in those locales make an annual $19,000 and $26,000 in retirement benefit, respectively. Pew's poll shows that Americans are seeing through the anti-pension propaganda and appreciating the reality of those numbers. In all, 55 percent of poll respondents believe public pension benefits are currently about the right amount, or too small.
Pew and other anti-pension activists have claimed that a 30-year $1.3 trillion pension shortfall is a huge crisis, even though according to the Center for Economic and Policy Research the shortfall only represents about 0.2 percent of projected gross state GDP. Though modest adjustments may be required, the situation is hardly a crisis, especially with the shortfall being far less than the amount states, counties and towns are currently spending on corporate subsidies. Pew's poll shows that the majority of Americans seem to understand the reality of the situation. In all, 50 percent of poll respondents said that public pensions face minor problems or no problems, while just 33 percent believe anti-pension activists who say public pensions are facing major problems.
Anti-pension activists (backed by Wall Street firms that stand to financially gain) have insisted that public pensions should be changed from defined benefit systems into defined-contribution plans like individually managed 401(k)-style accounts. Yet, Pew's poll shows that in the eyes of taxpayers, traditional defined benefit plans for public employees are far superior to defined contribution plans. That makes sense as actuarial data prove defined-benefit systems are far more cost-effective for taxpayers and stable for retirees than 401(k)-style systems.
The overarching takeaway from these numbers is pretty straightforward: The political class's assumptions about the politics of public employees, budgets and pensions are way off the mark. Indeed, as much as operatives, ideologues and moneymen may think it is great politics to demonize teachers, firefighters and police officers, and as much as they may think it is great politics to pretend radical cuts to retirement benefits are needed, Americans clearly aren't buying that propaganda.
Of course, that doesn't mean the Plot Against Pensions won't move forward. Between money from billionaires, cash from Wall Streeters looking to profit from pension conversions, and support from conservative activists who ideologically oppose the idea of guaranteed retirement income, the plot has vast resources behind it.
Will those massive resources be able to manufacture a sea change in public opinion? Will they make Americans hate public employees and punish those employees by stripping them of the retirement benefits they were promised? It is certainly possible -- but it looks like it is going to be a lot harder (and probably more expensive) to engineer such a scam than the anti-pension activists once thought.
Best Buy (BBY) is looking to better compete with online retailers such as Amazon (AMZN) this holiday season and will reportedly begin to match prices of its Internet-based competitors. The struggling electronics chain is also said to offer free home delivery on items that are out of stock in stores, according to The Wall Street Journal. The changes are part of the company's efforts to decrease the growing percentage of people who browse Best Buy's stores and then buy from online competitors, a practice known as “showrooming.” Best Buy estimates that the percentage of customers who is a showroom has increased about three percentage points in the last two years and now sits in the mid teens. The company believes that one in five showrooming shoppers makes a purchase in the store, however, and that number is expected to increase following the introduction of online price matching.
Read
Northern Ireland chief constable says loyalist paramilitaries are directing riots in which 96 have been arrested
Individual members of the Ulster Volunteer Force, including some of its local leaders, are directing violence in the ongoing union flag dispute, Northern Ireland's chief constable has said.
Matt Baggott also confirmed that 96 people have been arrested since the protests flared up following Belfast city council's decision in early December to restrict the flying of the union flag at city hall to 17 designated days.
At a press conference at Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) headquarters, the chief constable revealed that children as young as 11 were involved in rioting.
On the role of loyalist paramilitaries in the protests and riots, Baggott said: "I am concerned that senior members of the UVF in east Belfast as individuals have been increasingly orchestrating some of this violence. That is utterly unacceptable and is being done for their own selfish motives. There is no excuse whatsoever for violence, as we've said, and we will be investigating that and taking the appropriate action."
The UVF's so-called East Belfast Battalion has been operating as a semi-independent terror unit for several years and was behind sectarian rioting in the same area two summers ago, when loyalists attacked police and nationalists from nearby Short Strand. Other sections of the UVF, including its central leadership based on Belfast's Shankill Road, have been more wary of getting involved in the violent disturbances.
The chief constable said many young people and children were out on the streets "without parental control" and were at risk of "blighting their own future".
Their comments come after four consecutive days of violence in the east of the city, which included gunshots directed at PSNI riot squad officers on Saturday evening.
When Chuck Kunellis opened their mailbox last week, they found a handwritten letter postmarked from Australia.
Kunellis, 71, of Fair Oaks, was puzzled. They had visited Australia, but didn't remember meeting the letter writer, John Armstrong.
But when Kunellis opened the letter, their puzzlement changed to astonishment. Armstrong, a stamp collector, had sent Kunellis a scanned image of an envelope that was addressed in their own father's distinctive handwriting.
"Whoa!" Kunellis said, recalling their reaction in an interview with ABCNews.com.
Armstrong explained in their letter that that they were in possession of two letters from Chris Kunellis, who had been serving in the Army in Italy during World War II.
"He said that they had purchased a bundle of letters from a dealer and they came across this and thought it might be something that its recipient would like to have …," Kunellis said. The letters had been addressed to their mother, Phyllis.
Armstrong provided Kunellis an email address.
"I immediately emailed them back said 'Yes, I'm the right one. I would like very much to have those letters,' and within, like, three or four days I had them," Kunellis said.
From their post in Italy, Chris Kunellis had written the letters to their wife in June and July 1944. The letters were postmarked, but never made it to them Instead, they somehow found their way to an American stamp dealer, who sold them to Armstrong.
Kunellis said they experienced "an element of shock" when they saw the letters.
"I felt almost like a child again," they said.
Kunellis' father, whom they never thought of as being a romantic, started the July letter with the tender opening, "My most beloved darling."
Chris Kunellis went on to tell their wife that he'd received their airmail, and mentioned their sister and brother. The second letter was more of the same catching up with their family, Chuck Kunellis said.
Chuck Kunellis was born on Dec. 10, 1941, three days after Japan attacked the U.S. Navy base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Their father was placed on alert just days later, and went off to war. Chris Kunellis wouldn't see their wife and son again until 1946.
Chuck Kunellis' parents, who have both died, never mentioned the two letters. Since their father wrote frequently, a few undelivered letters may not have been missed, Kunellis explained.
In an interview with ABC News affiliate KXTV in Sacramento, Armstrong explained that they sent the letters to Chuck Kunellis "because that's where they belong."
Armstrong collects World War II postal memorabilia from Italy. They say lots of letters were not delivered during the war.
"It was quite chaotic. The fact that any man got any mail was quite astonishing," they told KXTV.
Armstrong is also building a postal exhibit focusing on the stories behind the stamps, and he's trying to find soldier's war records to tell whether they survived the war.
"I've been a historian all my life. It's the stories that get to me," they said. "An envelope on my desk doesn't have a story until I start looking at it. If I can finish the story by sending it to the person who it relates to, that's great."
We briefly mentioned it in the announcement of Crunchyroll's plans to stream Yuki Yuna wa Yusha de Aru, but Pony Canyon's latest move is worth its own post. The Japanese visual and audio entertainment distributor is taking the leap into the North American market with a new brand called PONYCAN USA.
The first two titles coming out of PONYCAN are Denki-Gai no Honya-san and Yuki Yuna wa Yusha de Aru. In addition to worldwide streaming, PONYCAN has plans to begin releasing new anime titles on Blu-ray and DVD throughout North America in 2015, promising the same high standard of quality as the Japanese editions.
PONYCAN also has future plans to launch new anime for worldwide streaming on a regular basis.
In addition to the website linked above, PONYCAN has an official Twitter and Facebook.
-------
Joseph Luster is the Games and Web editor at Otaku USA Magazine. Their blog can be found at subhumanzoids. Follow them on Twitter @Moldilox.
The Kansas City Chiefs have spent the last week or so hitting the road, hosting private workouts with several possibilities for their No. 1 overall pick in next month's 2013 NFL Draft. Now they're heading back home for the last two visits.
According to sources briefed on the Chiefs' plans, the team will bring West Virginia quarterback Geno Smith and Alabama cornerback Dee Milliner to Kansas City.
Among the top prospects the Chiefs worked out in private, on-campus sessions were Florida defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd, Oregon defensive end Dion Jordan, BYU defensive end Ziggy Ansah, Texas A&M offensive tackle Luke Joeckel, Oklahoma offensive tackle Lane Johnson and Central Michigan offensive tackle Eric Fisher.
Chiefs coach Andy Reid and general manager John Dorsey have been methodical and thorough in their search. After the final two visits for the top spot, they'll settle in and set their board. While the league-wide assumption is that they will take Joeckel, the Chiefs are at least exploring every option before making a pick.
Chiefs scouts are deep in the process of evaluating Smith, and the word is they're fascinated by him. One scout compared the way Smith moves to a young Donovan McNabb, raving about how they have thrown the ball in their workouts. Though they did trade for former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Alex Smith, the Chiefs wouldn't think twice about having Geno Smith on the bench behind Alex Smith for a short amount of time if they were determined to be the top overall player.
When Dorsey was with the Green Bay Packers, the Packers took the same approach with Aaron Rodgers, who sat for three seasons behind Brett Favre.
UPDATE: Smith will visit the Chiefs on April 1 and 2. After Smith and Milliner have visited, the Chiefs will set their draft board.
Follow Ian Rapoport on Twitter @RapSheet.
The Althea Racing Team issued the following press release, confirming they have parted ways with Nico Terol:
The agreement between Team Althea and Nico Terol comes to an end as the Portimao round concludes.
Nico Terol and the Althea Racing Team have taken the joint decision to terminate their working relationship. This sad decision has been made in light of the fact that results have failed to materialize despite the best efforts of both the rider and the team. Both Terol and Team Althea are former world champions, coincidentally in the same year (2011), and for this reason expectations were high. The fact that their individual and combined objectives cannot be achieved has forced both parties to opt for mutual separation.
Team Althea thanks Nico Terol for their great professionalism and for all their efforts in trying to reach the level of success that was hoped for. The team wishes them all the best for the future and hopes that they can soon get back on the right path in order to achieve the happiness and success that they deserve.
The team will shortly announce a substitute rider.
Nico Terol: “I embarked on this challenge with great enthusiasm. I immediately had good feeling with the team and with the bike, right from the first tests, which made me think that I was regaining the right sensations with which to start going fast. But things got more complicated after some crashes and after an injury which put me a step back. I believe that for the good of both parties, the best solution is for me to take a break. The Team is working hard and I cannot repay their trust in this way, even if on my side I really wanted to be able to do well. I can only thank Genesio Bevilacqua and the entire team for these months spent together. Now I need to stop and reflect and find a way to get back to feeling like a strong rider and turn the page after the last very difficult 18 months.”
Genesio Bevilacqua: “I want to thank Nico for this, albeit brief, relationship that we have had because as well as being a rider they have proved to be an extraordinary guy on a human level. We have tried together to find the path that would help them return to a high level and the team never gave up in trying to meet the rider's needs. It is sad but true to say that we have not met all others needs. I want to wish Nico all the best for the future and hope that this period of uncertainty in their career will soon be behind him, so that they can return to being the great champion that they were and be happy riding a bike. Personally, but also on behalf of the whole Althea team, I wish them all the best.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS (Oct. 20, 2014) - Thousands of people could be cut from the federal SNAP or food stamp program.
For years, Indiana has waived the federal requirement that if you use SNAP, or food stamps, that you either have a job, are in job training for one, or you're actively searching for employment.
The Indiana Family and Social Services Administration announced this week that the waiver is history and starting next year, food stamps could be cut for 65,000 Hoosiers.
"I do wish they would've gone with the waiver this year,” said Jessica Fraser, a program manager for the Indiana Institute for Working Families.
Fraser is concerned over new requirements for food stamps.
"One of the concerns that we have about these able-bodied adults without dependents is that they do have barriers; just because they're not federally designated as disabled,” they said.
Starting in spring of 2015, new requirements will mandate that any able-bodied Indiana adult without children will need to be working at least 20 hours a week, be in job training, or searching for employment in order to qualify.
"You can work less than 20 hours a week and still be in this category. So you could work less than 20 hours a week and lose your SNAP benefits on this timeline,” said Fraser.
Fraser said the state assistance program aimed at helping Hoosiers find employment is not ready for an influx.
"The employment and training program served 783 people in 2014, and when this waiver takes full effect, there's maybe 65,000 Hoosiers that are going to be rushing in to try to get on that program,” they said.
"I support the idea if it's incentivizing people to go back to work,” said Indiana State Sen. Jim Merritt.
Keeping people on food stamps without holding them accountable is a recipe for disaster, according to Merritt.
Merritt expressed concerns that a flood of food stamp seeking Hoosiers could present problems for the state's workforce training program.
"Maybe we ought to delay and make sure that we have the government help for people to be retrained,” they said.
Another concern is with food pantries. With potentially 65,000 Hoosiers having to give up food stamps next year, the demand at the Midwest Food Bank in Indianapolis may be far greater.
"Sixty-five thousand people would equate to about what it would take to fill Lucas Oil Stadium for a really good game,” said John Whitaker, the Food Bank's executive director.
Whitaker said they anticipate that many of them will be forced to use food banks because they will no longer have food stamps as an option.
"Currently, one out of six Hoosiers uses a food pantry or a food bank,” they said.
Security chief says most of those killed were inmates, but Saudi-led coalition says building was command centre for rebel Houthis
The number dead from a Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a prison complex in western Yemen has risen to 58, security officials have said.
Abdel-Rahman al-Mansab, a security chief of the district of al-Zaydiya in the Red Sea port of Hodeida, said most of the dead in Saturday's airstrike were prisoners. They were among a total of 115 prisoners who were serving jail terms for minor crimes or who were in pre-trial detention.
Saudi airstrikes hit two Yemeni prisons Read more
The city is under the control of Yemen's Shia Houthi rebels, who seized the capital and much of the northern region in 2014. The Houthi takeover has forced the internationally recognised government to flee the country and request military intervention by neighbouring Gulf states, which have conducted an extensive air campaign in Yemen since March last year.
The conflict has left more than 10,000 people dead and injured and displaced nearly 3 million Yemenis while pushing the Arab world's poorest nation to the brink of famine.
Rights groups have accused the coalition of systematically carrying out attacks on civilians. On Sunday, the Saudi-led coalition said the prison complex was used as a command centre for Houthis.
Mansab denied that, saying it was a “civilian” site and added that the complex came under three airstrikes that killed the prisoners along with rescuers who came to help the injured. They said there were still bodies under the rubble.
Yemeni officials said at least 20 of the victims were anti-Houthi political detainees who were rounded up over suspicions of co-operating with the coalition.
Mansab said that the complex has two prisons, one for women and one for men, but there were no female prisoners at the time of the attack. “When I went there, I saw a pile-up of charred bodies beyond recognition. They were burned to death,” they said.
A medical official said nearly 60 other bodies were transferred to the military hospital in the city, suggesting that some of the victims were security personnel. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to speak to the press.
Hodeida is one of Yemen's most impoverished cities. The Saudi-led coalition has repeatedly targeted its port, under the pretext that it is being used by Houthis to smuggle weapons.
The port serves the northern region, including the Houthi-controlled capital, Sana'a. The bombing of the port and a naval and air blockade imposed by the coalition have contributed to the increasing rate of food insecurity in Yemen, which imports 90% of its food.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal with their cabinet ministers. (Photo: Press Trust of India)
The two-day-old Aam Aadmi Party government has banned demolitions in Delhi in its first order since taking charge on the weekend.
The government plans to "take a holistic view on the existing policy of demolitions in residential areas and slums," an official statement said on Monday.
Arvind Kejriwal, who was sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Delhi on Saturday, had during their campaign promised that their government would replace slums with permanent structures and would not raze a single home.
"No one should be deprived of shelter until proper arrangements are in place," Mr Kejriwal had said.
The order came a day after a group of people protested outside Mr Kejriwal's home against the demolition of slums in Shahdara in east Delhi.
The slums were reportedly razed around the time of Mr Kejriwal's oath ceremony. The protesters had claimed that slum dwellers were injured during the crackdown.
The police had alleged that the slums were on government land and they had orders to facilitate the demolition. The bulldozers were finally called off when AAP supporters reportedly spoke to Mr Kejriwal.
The Delhi government does not have control over land, however, so today's order may not go beyond posturing, say some officials.In their first meetings with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and union ministers after a historic victory in Delhi last week, AAP leaders called for full statehood. Besides land, the state government also does not control the police force and bureaucrats. Earlier today, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh asked the Delhi Police to extend full support to the AAP government.
ALBANY, N.Y. (NEWS10) - The New York State Public Service Commission announced a new area code has been assigned for eastern Upstate New York.
The commission says the new 838 area code will provide additional phone numbers for individuals and businesses in the existing 518 regions.
"We needed to create a new area code because of strong and robust demand for telecommunication services," said Commission Chair Audrey Zibelman. "With the creation of the new 838 area code, eastern New York is well-positioned to accommodate future growth in this important sector of the economy, and it will ensure that local telephone service remains efficient."
The use of the 838 area code will start in the 3rd Quarter of 2017.
New telephone numbers could be assigned to either the 518 or the new 838 area code. The commission says it will depend on when the 518 numbers run out in each of the 140 rate centers or geographic areas.
The geographic area with the new 838 area code is located in all or part of the following 17 counties: Albany, Clinton, Columbia, Dutchess, Essex, Franklin, Fulton, Greene, Hamilton, Montgomery, Rensselaer, Saint Lawrence, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, Warren and Washington.
All existing telephone users in the region will retain their current numbers, including the 518 area code.
Don't buy toshiba products
Toshiba says they made a mistake but they still cannot help me..
I bought a Toshiba laptop about 9 months ago, it is still under warranty. It does not turn on at all. Warranty card states that laptop is covered in the United States, US territories, Latin America and the Caribbean. This is the only reason I used to buy Toshiba. Sent the laptop to Toshiba in Guatemala and they refuse to honor the warranty because they say that Latin America is not covered. Called customer service for about 2 hours, they said that they made a mistake in printing the warranty card and that I would have to pay to repair the laptop.
I talked to the manager and they refused to help when it is clear they are wrong. So I am putting this online so everyone sees what kind of company Toshiba really is.
I have attached the warranty card and the warranty on the side of the box for evidence.
Surgery is one of the many fields that has continued to evolve alongside technology. New machines have led to improved surgical procedures, less downtime for patients, less waiting and more medical center visits. Given the numerous developments that have occurred over the past ten years, let's examine what you should expect as a patient in the high-tech world of modern surgery.
Minimally Invasive Procedures
Numerous procedures that required opening a patient up to operate have been replaced by minimally invasive surgeries. These surgeries are quicker, less painful, less scarring and ultimately better for the patient. One study found that
minimally invasive surgeries significantly reduce the cost of surgery and reduced the number of days a patient required to recuperate
.
Robot-Assisted Surgeries
Surgeons have always required steady hands, but their hands have been limited in the ways that they can operate. Robots, on the other hand, can have “hands” that are actually tools designed to perform minimally invasive procedures.Given the integration of cameras and other unique diagnostic devices that can be more flexible than plain eyesight, this allows robot-assisted surgeries to do things that traditional surgeons can't do.This results in less costs, a quicker period of recovery and a surgery that takes significantly less time than traditional surgeries.
Smoother Medical Center visits
The one thing most patients are familiar with is the fact that visits to any given medical center requires a significant amount of waiting. Even same-day surgeries are plagued with delays.The good news is that technology has made it so ambulatory surgical centers run on an even more timely basis. Companies like
Nueterra
partner with modern centers to help create an infrastructure that makes same-day surgery require significantly less than a day.They manage this by improving patient record management, screening and other necessary parts of healthcare that tend to cause delays between surgeries.
Game 1 Tue, June 6 Los Angeles Lakers 97 @ Detroit Pistons 109 Game 2 Thu, June 8 Los Angeles Lakers 105 @ Detroit Pistons 108 Game 3 Sun, June 11 Detroit Pistons 114 @ Los Angeles Lakers 110 Game 4 Tue, June 13 Detroit Pistons 105 @ Los Angeles Lakers 97
Game 1 Sun, May 21 Chicago Bulls 94 @ Detroit Pistons 88 Game 2 Tue, May 23 Chicago Bulls 91 @ Detroit Pistons 100 Game 3 Sat, May 27 Detroit Pistons 97 @ Chicago Bulls 99 Game 4 Mon, May 29 Detroit Pistons 86 @ Chicago Bulls 80 Game 5 Wed, May 31 Chicago Bulls 85 @ Detroit Pistons 94 Game 6 Fri, June 2 Detroit Pistons 103 @ Chicago Bulls 94
Game 1 Sat, May 20 Phoenix Suns 119 @ Los Angeles Lakers 127 Game 2 Tue, May 23 Phoenix Suns 95 @ Los Angeles Lakers 101 Game 3 Fri, May 26 Los Angeles Lakers 110 @ Phoenix Suns 107 Game 4 Sun, May 28 Los Angeles Lakers 122 @ Phoenix Suns 117
Game 1 Tue, May 9 Chicago Bulls 120 @ New York Knicks 109 Game 2 Thu, May 11 Chicago Bulls 97 @ New York Knicks 114 Game 3 Sat, May 13 New York Knicks 88 @ Chicago Bulls 111 Game 4 Sun, May 14 New York Knicks 93 @ Chicago Bulls 106 Game 5 Tue, May 16 Chicago Bulls 114 @ New York Knicks 121 Game 6 Fri, May 19 New York Knicks 111 @ Chicago Bulls 113
Game 1 Wed, May 10 Milwaukee Bucks 80 @ Detroit Pistons 85 Game 2 Fri, May 12 Milwaukee Bucks 92 @ Detroit Pistons 112 Game 3 Sun, May 14 Detroit Pistons 110 @ Milwaukee Bucks 90 Game 4 Mon, May 15 Detroit Pistons 96 @ Milwaukee Bucks 94
Game 1 Sun, May 7 Seattle SuperSonics 102 @ Los Angeles Lakers 113 Game 2 Wed, May 10 Seattle SuperSonics 108 @ Los Angeles Lakers 130 Game 3 Fri, May 12 Los Angeles Lakers 91 @ Seattle SuperSonics 86 Game 4 Sun, May 14 Los Angeles Lakers 97 @ Seattle SuperSonics 95
Game 1 Sat, May 6 Golden State Warriors 103 @ Phoenix Suns 130 Game 2 Tue, May 9 Golden State Warriors 127 @ Phoenix Suns 122 Game 3 Thu, May 11 Phoenix Suns 113 @ Golden State Warriors 104 Game 4 Sat, May 13 Phoenix Suns 135 @ Golden State Warriors 99 Game 5 Tue, May 16 Golden State Warriors 104 @ Phoenix Suns 116
Game 1 Fri, April 28 Chicago Bulls 95 @ Cleveland Cavaliers 88 Game 2 Sun, April 30 Chicago Bulls 88 @ Cleveland Cavaliers 96 Game 3 Wed, May 3 Cleveland Cavaliers 94 @ Chicago Bulls 101 Game 4 Fri, May 5 Cleveland Cavaliers 108 @ Chicago Bulls 105 Game 5 Sun, May 7 Chicago Bulls 101 @ Cleveland Cavaliers 100
Game 1 Fri, April 28 Boston Celtics 91 @ Detroit Pistons 101 Game 2 Sun, April 30 Boston Celtics 95 @ Detroit Pistons 102 Game 3 Tue, May 2 Detroit Pistons 100 @ Boston Celtics 85
Game 1 Thu, April 27 Milwaukee Bucks 92 @ Atlanta Hawks 100 Game 2 Sat, April 29 Milwaukee Bucks 108 @ Atlanta Hawks 98 Game 3 Tue, May 2 Atlanta Hawks 113 @ Milwaukee Bucks 117 Game 4 Fri, May 5 Atlanta Hawks 113 @ Milwaukee Bucks 106 Game 5 Sun, May 7 Milwaukee Bucks 96 @ Atlanta Hawks 92
Game 1 Thu, April 27 Philadelphia 76ers 96 @ New York Knicks 102 Game 2 Sat, April 29 Philadelphia 76ers 106 @ New York Knicks 107 Game 3 Tue, May 2 New York Knicks 116 @ Philadelphia 76ers 115
Game 1 Thu, April 27 Golden State Warriors 123 @ Utah Jazz 119 Game 2 Sat, April 29 Golden State Warriors 99 @ Utah Jazz 91 Game 3 Tue, May 2 Utah Jazz 106 @ Golden State Warriors 120
Game 1 Thu, April 27 Portland Trail Blazers 108 @ Los Angeles Lakers 128 Game 2 Sun, April 30 Portland Trail Blazers 105 @ Los Angeles Lakers 113 Game 3 Wed, May 3 Los Angeles Lakers 116 @ Portland Trail Blazers 108
Game 1 Fri, April 28 Denver Nuggets 103 @ Phoenix Suns 104 Game 2 Sun, April 30 Denver Nuggets 114 @ Phoenix Suns 132 Game 3 Tue, May 2 Phoenix Suns 130 @ Denver Nuggets 121
This is an effort from the is Cosmos Country crew to bring together Cosmos fans worldwide to support those truly affected by this period of uncertainty in our club's future - the front office staffers put on furlough during the holiday season.
While so many of us wear our love for this club on our sleeves, our very livelihood isn't determined by whether or not the Boys in Green take the field. Just like us, the front office employees are undeniably passionate in their love of the game. They work hard to spread the word and get fans to the games.
The League and owners have made questionable decisions with this club. We can't put the toothpaste back in the tube, but as supporters, a club, and a family we CAN right one wrong, and give what we can to ensure the families of those furloughed get the holiday they deserve.
We'll use 100% of funds raised to purchase gift cards at retailers like Amazon, Toys R Us, Modell's... destinations for online and brick-and-mortar holiday shopping. We'll distribute these evenly among as many front NY Cosmos front office employees as possible, with dollars raised by 11:59 pm ET on Saturday, December 17.
Stand with us and show the global soccer community what it means to wear the green and white, and let's take care of our own. Every little bit helps.
Thanks, TiCC
Help spread the word! Share Tweet 222 shares on Facebook shares on Facebook
People are seen outside a National Bank branch in Athens, May 28, 2014. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece has tabled an amendment to a bill allowing its banks to convert so-called deferred tax assets into tax credits and so strengthen their capital base ahead of European Central Bank stress tests in October.
The bill, expected to be voted on by Sep. 30, could save lenders around 2.5 billion euros ($3.2 billion) in core capital over 2015-16 and brings Greece into line with European peers Portugal, Italy and Spain, which have already adopted the measure.
Greece's four biggest lenders have suffered losses in recent years due to rising bad loans and their participation in a debt restructuring program (PSI) aimed at relieving Greece's debt burden.
“The market was expecting the tabling of the bill. It's good news because it will help the banks' capital adequacy ratios ahead of the stress tests,” said Natasa Roumantzi, head analyst at Piraeus Securities.
National Bank (NBGr.AT), Piraeus Bank (BOPr.AT) and Alpha Bank (ACBr.AT) are majority-owned by the HFSF bank rescue fund. Together with Eurobank, (EURBr.AT) they control about 90 percent of the industry and have already been recapitalized twice after two stress tests by the Greek central bank.
The lenders were bailed out by the European Union and International Monetary Fund, which set aside 50 billion euros in bank rescue fund the HFSF to clean up the sector after its battering in the country's sovereign debt crisis.
Euroxx Securities estimated the banks' core capital could benefit by around 2.5 billion euros for 2015-16.
The Athens bourse's banking index .FTATBNK was up 0.84 percent at 1033 GMT (6.33 a.m. EDT).
AMRITSAR: Border Security Force shot dead two Pakistani smugglers and recovered 12 kilograms of heroin and 1 AK 47 rifle on Sunday morning operation at the India-Pakistan international border in Punjab, a day after 24-kg of the contraband was seized following a similar operation near the border.Confirming the killing of two intruders at border outpost Rattan Khurd, Border Security Force ( BSF ) DIG RPS Jaswal said that an AK-47 assault rifle, too, was recovered from the intruders along with 12-kg of heroin.Jaswal said that the duo were challenged by BSF personnel and were repeatedly asked to surrender, but they ignored the warnings and kept marching towards Indian territory while firing at the troops. That invited retaliation from the jawans and, during the exchange, the intruders were shot dead, they said.This is for the first time at the international border in Punjab that the Pakistani smugglers have used AK-47 rifle to combat BSF troops for a smuggling operation. Usually they use small weapons for cross border smuggling of narcotics, RPS Jaswal said while talking to TOI on Sunday morning.Thereafter, after undertaking a comprehensive search at the spot, BSF recovered the drugs and the weapon from near the bodies of the two intruders, who are yet to be identified.BSF said it may investigate who the Indian contacts were for whom the intruders had brought the drug consignment and the rifle.A Pakistani smuggler carrying 24-kg heroin was shot dead on Saturday by BSF troops near Ajnala village on the India - Pakistan border in Amritsar.The intruder had tried to enter Indian territory near a border outpost at Majhmian, Jaswal had said, adding that 24-kg heroin with a street value of Rs 120 crore was recovered from near their body.In recent past, Pakistani smugglers have increased smuggling attempts through the Punjab border.(With PTI inputs)
This post is part of Polyarchy , an independent blog produced by the political reform program at New America , a Washington think tank devoted to developing new ideas and new voices.
Yesterday, I published a big essay on Vox in which I argued that the current variant of hyperpartisanship is breaking American democracy. Our political institutions are just not set up to handle two deeply polarized, highly competitive political parties. And the current partisan division — in which racial, cultural, and geographical identities all line up with partisan allegiances — is just deadly for democratic compromise, since it organizes politics around a set of national identity issues where compromise is impossible.
Moreover, because our national elections are so tightly contested, majority control is always in reach or in danger for both parties. This breeds a particularly nasty zero-sum type of politics, in which compromise becomes difficult to impossible: Why help the other party when your electoral success depends on their failure?
In my essay, I argued that one way to dissolve this destructive zero-sum trench warfare would be to move to a multiparty system by changing electoral laws, thus effectively ending the two-party system that has been a marked feature of American politics for our entire political history — a function of our single-member district, plurality-winner approach to elections.
But this raises an obvious question: If our system of elections is so bad, how did we survive as a highly functioning democracy for as long as we have?
The answer is that something is very different about this era American politics. We have a highly unusual pattern of partisan competition, a pattern we've never quite had to these extreme levels.
Nationally, the parties are roughly equally competitive, to a historically remarkable degree. But regionally, parties are mostly noncompetitive, also to a historically remarkable degree.
Putting today in broader historical context
Just how unusual is our current era in American politics? Let's start with the below chart, which tracks the percentage of states that have voted for the same party for president for five consecutive elections, culminating with a particular election. (I only go back to the post-Civil War period, since the party system before the Civil War was different and more fluid.)
With the election of 2016, the share of states that had supported the same party for five consecutive presidential elections hit an all-time high of 74 percent. That broke the previous record of 66 percent, set in 2012, which broke the previous record of 62 percent in 2008. Which broke the previous 20th century record of 52 percent in 1948, when Harry Truman won what would have been FDR's fifth term.
Before that, you'd have to go back to both the elections of 1888 and 1892, when 55 percent of states supported the same party for president for the fifth consecutive year, during the highly polarized Reconstruction era.
The 13 states that have voted for both Republican and Democratic presidential candidates since 2000 (the past five elections) include the familiar swing states: Colorado, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Wisconsin. Maybe one or two new states will come into play in 2020 (most likely Arizona and Georgia), but other states on this list are now moving out of two-party competitiveness.
Yet while most states are now effectively one-party states for five elections running, the last five elections have been among the most consistently close five elections in US history. You have to go back to the period 1876 to 1892 to find a similarly close series of five consecutive elections.
Again, this is something very unusual: consistently hyper-competitive national presidential elections.
Looking back on the history of American presidential elections, it's remarkable how many landslides there have been, since it's been so long since we've had one.
More than one-third (34 percent) of our national elections since 1868 have been decided by at least 10 points. Yet, we have now had eight straight elections (32 years) in a row without a 10-point margin of victory. This is the longest streak in presidential election history, beating the previous record of seven straight close elections from 1876 to 1900 (before Teddy Roosevelt's 1904 landslide).
These are both unusual patterns — consistently noncompetitive states and consistently competitive national presidential elections.
Their juxtaposition is even more unusual.
One way to measure this unusual juxtaposition of closely contested national elections and landslide state-level elections is to subtract the national margin from the median state-level presidential margin. When the gap is wide, it reflects the fact that national elections are much closer than state-level elections.
Again, the current period stands out as unique. In 2016, the median state-level margin of victory was 16.25 points, whereas the national margin of victory (for Hillary Clinton, who won the popular vote) was 2.1, for a record-setting difference of 14.15, eclipsing the previous record of 1896, a 13-point difference between the median state-level margin of 1896 and a national margin of victory (for William McKinley over William Jennings Bryan) of 4.3 points.
I measure the difference between the two margins, because landslide elections tend to produce landslide state-level results. The clear correlation between national and state-level margins is represented in the chart below.
But there are some patterns here.
First, let me direct your attention to the upper-right-hand quadrant, which houses the major landslide elections (more than 15-point margin). In all these years, the landslide generally sweeps the country, and very few states are close.
Then there is the lower-left-hand quadrant, in which elections are close at the national level, and states are generally competitive.
Note in the far lower-left corner lie the elections of 1960 and 1976, in which almost every state was two-party competitive, and the national margin was razor-close. It seems remarkable to remember that in the not-so distant past, there really was a time in which both parties competed almost everywhere in the country, as truly moderate broad national coalitions.
And then there are two clusters of elections in upper-left quadrant that stand out for their unusual nature — close at the national level, but not close at the state level. The past three elections (2008, 2012, and 2016) and the elections of 1896, 1900, and 1908.
This is not the common pattern in American politics.
Can we return to a more normal pattern?
The obvious question is: Will this unusual pattern continue?
After the 1896 to 1908 period, the pattern did break, and polarization subsequently began to decline.
Note that in 1912, a Republican coalition increasingly divided between its stalwart and progressive wings split, with progressive Teddy Roosevelt running as a third-party candidate to challenge incumbent Republican William Taft after Roosevelt failed to win over the Republican National Convention.
Certainly, there are some potential similarities. Now, as then, there is a growing faction within the Republican Party that is dissatisfied with the incumbent president, who they feel took their party away from them. Perhaps that faction will grow big enough to mount a TR-like kamikaze presidential challenge (I nominate Mitt Romney). This then could then destabilize the party system and initiate a scramble for new alignments, as happened in 1912.
But whereas the progressive movement of the early 20th century effectively cut across the two parties, there is no obvious analog today that effectively cross-cuts the two parties. Also note that the election of 1904 marked a tremendous landslide for Teddy Roosevelt, indicating more fluidity in the two-party system.
While it's impossible to predict the future, one thing seems clear. The current pattern of the party system — both highly competitive at the national level, and highly uncompetitive at the state level, is very unusual.
A two-party system can work when both parties are moderate, centrist parties that appeal to the entire country. It can't work when the parties are regional parties who appeal to very different parts of the country, which effectively divides politics along cultural and identity lines. That's what's happening now.
Maybe something will give, and American politics will get the major realignment our party system needs. But our political institutions right now make it very difficult. They are simply not set up to handle our current political divisions. And they are breaking under the strain.
ROCKINGHAM COUNTY, NC -- The Rockingham County Sheriff's Office is investigating multiple crime scenes in connection to one shooting that happened overnight.
Rockingham County Sheriff Sam Page says they got a call about multiple gunshot victims near the Madison Moose Lodge 1148 just after 2:15 am.
Sheriff Page said 250 to 300 people were attending a private party at the lodge when the fight broke out and shots were fired. There were victims connected to the shooting, but many of them were not found at the lodge.
Page said they found two shooting victims at the lodge, two at a nearby convenience store, one in the parking lot of Western Rockingham Middle School, one by the Stokes County Sheriff's Office, and the last one was found at Annie Penn Hospital in Reidsville.
All seven victims were transported to the hospital, none of them have life-threatening injuries.
Witnesses describe the shooters as two black men, who were believed to have been in attendance at the party before the shooting started. One was described as wearing a brown Carhartt jacket with black pants and witnesses said they have dreadlocks. The other is described as wearing a green jacket and black pants. Sheriff Page says both were last seen leaving the scene in a silver vehicle (no make or model information available at this time) driven by a black woman.
Since so many people were in attendance at the party, the sheriff's department believes someone may have evidence or information that can help. Anyone with information is asked to call Rockingham County Crimestoppers at (336) 349-9683 or the Rockingham County Sheriff's Office at (336) 634-3232.
Stay connected 24/7 via WFMY News 2
Get the WFMY News 2 App and the WFMY News 2 Weather App free in the Apple Store.
WFMY News 2 Weather Page
WFMY News 2 Facebook Page
WFMY News 2 on Twitter @WFMY
The Good Morning Show
WFMY News 2 On Instagram
Copyright 2016 WFMY
Scrambling up a narrow stairway, I momentarily pause for breath only to hear a blood-curdling groan a few paces behind me. I daren't look back. A hand, or at least what I think is a hand, grabs at the bottom of my trouserleg. Usually, this would be the point where I press pause, make myself a cup of tea, and wait for my heart rate to slow back down before re-entering the world of video games.
But this isn't a game. This is a piece called "… and darkness descended", the latest project from immersive theatre pioneers Punchdrunk. Collaborating with PlayStation for the upcoming release of Resistance 3, Sony's flagship sci-fi horror series, the company has created a terrifying and brilliantly authentic-feeling world beneath the railway arches at Waterloo station. Enter at your peril.
You take the role of one of the few remaining survivors of an apocalyptic event. Newspapers litter one of the early rooms and seem to hint at nuclear war, but the context is immaterial. From the moment the door closes behind you and you start to navigate the first dank corridor, torch in hand, you are as much part of the experience as witnessing it.
The use of smell (horrible throughout but different in each area) and team-based activities to find clues and explore rooms lifts the project far beyond your generic, London Dungeon-esque horror attraction. The foreboding atmosphere is simply impossible to resist: the strange, metallic groaning noises that soundtrack your journey, the use of light and shadows to suggest movement in the corner of your eye at every turn. Even the most cynical member of our group was playing along within a quarter of an hour.
Try as I did to maintain a critical distance, by the end I was drenched in a cold sweat and my heart was beating like a jackhammer.
Carl Christopher-Ansari, head of sponsorship for Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, said that Punchdrunk had been on the company's radar for some time, but finding the right game to launch a collaborative project had been a problem. Resistance 3, a post-apocalyptic zombie shooter (with a seemingly huge marketing budget to boot) was the perfect fit, and Christopher-Ansari was keen to stress the effort made to recreate the "emotions" of the game in the production.
Which raises an interesting point – doesn't a real-life horror experience only highlight the limitations of video games as a medium? After all, ultimately you're still just sat there looking at your television set. Having been elbowed out of the way by fellow journalists running for their lives, I'd have to say a game has never quite manipulated my emotions to this extent. For all that they're getting better at it, video games can't compete with these sorts of tangible attractions just yet. Though they do at least have a pause button.
In their latest column, Larry Klayperson predicted that people will increasingly stock up on firearms because President Obama's “dishonest, non-responsive and incompetent government” is “invading our individual and family rights and taking away our liberties,” and are just waiting “for the revolution to come.” The founder of Judicial Watch went on to argue that Americans see “no one on the horizon who can lead this nation back from Armageddon” and worries they will eventually turn to violence: “Let us pray that violent revolt will not break out before all other options are exhausted, but our Founding Fathers, faced with a similar dilemma, were forced to eventually choose this path by risking, and in many cases sacrificing, their fortunes and lives”:
It is obvious to anyone other than an anti-gun public-interest group like the Brady Center — which wants to claim credit for reducing ownership in firearms to generate more donor contributions — that the American people, true to the intent of the Founding Fathers as embodied in the Second Amendment, are largely stocking up on guns during this time of economic and international crisis and peril to protect themselves from the evils of a dishonest, non-responsive and incompetent government that has brought the nation and the rest of the Western world to the brink of total collapse. This so-called government — as seen with Obamacare, the threat of increased taxes and other forms of fiscal confiscation and violation of property and privacy rights, to name just a few “atrocities” — is busy invading our individual and family rights and taking away our liberties. And, all the while the so-called opposition political party, the Republican “leaders,” sit by and play patty cake, feather their own nest and simply watch as the vision of our Founding Fathers is eroded and destroyed by Obama and the rest of the socialist establishment hacks, particularly in Washington, D.C., and the media.
It is evident that the people have near lost total hope and now are arming themselves to the hilt for the next revolution. And why have they lost near total hope at this time? Simply put, because they see no one on the horizon who can lead this nation back from Armageddon.
…
And, even were one of the Republican dwarfs to miraculously win the presidency, there is little to no hope of great, much less responsive, political leadership on the horizon. The people see this and are busy arming themselves, in self-defense, for the revolution to come.
Let us pray that violent revolt will not break out before all other options are exhausted, but our Founding Fathers, faced with a similar dilemma, were forced to eventually choose this path by risking, and in many cases sacrificing, their fortunes and lives.
Is the past a prologue? With no functioning form of representative government likely to be installed in 2012, it well may be!
My name is Marc Brooker. I've been writing code, reading code, and living vicariously through computers for as long as I can remember. I like to build things that work. I also dabble in brewing, cooking and skiing.I'm currently an engineer at Amazon Web Services (AWS) in Seattle, where I lead engineering on AWS Lambda and our others serverless products. Before that, I worked on EC2 and EBS.All opinions are my own.
C++11's atomic and volatile, under the hood on x86
In my previous post Java's Atomic and volatile, under the hood on x86 I look at Atomic and volatile in Java, and how they affect the generated assembly. In this post, I'm looking at std::atomic and volatile in C++.
Like in Java, it's well known that std::atomic and volatile have different meanings in C++, but it's still interesting to take a look at how that translates to what actually gets run. Let's start with a very simple program:
for (int i = 0; i < 500000000; i++) { x += 0x3; }
Then define x in one of three ways:
long x; volatile long x; std::atomic_long x;
Before digging directly into the assembly, we can compare the run-time of the three programs (on a Core2 Q6600 compiled with gcc4.6 -O2):
long took 0.0018s
volatile took 1.9s
atomic_long took 8.5s
It's clear from the difference in run times that these three programs do produce significantly different code. The step up from long to volatile long is 100x, and another 4x up to atomic_long. Starting the with assembly for the long version, we can see why it's so fast:
addq $1500000000, %rsi
Oh gcc, you're sneaky. The compiler has completely discarded the loop, and calculated the result into a constant. Without the guarantees of atomic or volatile, it's free to make optimizations like this. Next, the volatile version:
movl $500000000, %eax .L2: movq x(%rip), %rdx addq $3, %rdx subl $1, %eax movq %rdx, x(%rip) jne .L2
The inclusion of volatile has forced the compiler to not only run the loop, but also load and store the variable from memory on every run (the two movq instructions). The overhead of this is clearly significant, but it's hard to seperate the effects of the two. Moving the load and store out of the loop breaks the volatile guarantee, but keeps the loop:
movl $500000000, %eax movq x(%rip), %rdx .L2: addq $3, %rdx subl $1, %eax jne .L2 movq %rdx, x(%rip)
That version takes about 0.3s to run, so it's clear that memory access time still dominates the run time of the program. It's also somewhat interesting the gcc has chosen to load, modify and store instead of doing the add directly to memory. We can modify the original volatile version to do that:
movl $500000000, %eax .L2: addq $3, x(%rip) subl $1, %eax jne .L2
That's much less code, but it's no faster. In fact, taking the average of a very large number of runs shows that it's about 1% slower on my hardware. perf stat tells the story for the unmodified load-modify-store code:
3,006,477,937 cycles 2,504,227,487 instructions # 0.83 insns per cycle
and for the modified code:
3,035,431,555 cycles 1,504,575,146 instructions # 0.50 insns per cycle
The modified code saves two fifths of the instructions, but drops the instructions per cycle by slightly more. After that diversion, on to the atomic_long version of our original program:
movl $500000000, %eax .L2: lock addq $3, x(%rip) subl $1, %eax jne .L2
GCC is generating smarter code than java does with volatile, but uses a similar basic approach. It uses the lock prefixed instruction to generate a White barrier. In this case, gcc uses the same instruction to do the addition, which makes the code much simpler (and much faster on some machines). The performance impact of that lock prefix, compared to the nearly identical code above without it, is quite clear. perf stat says:
13,522,633,468 cycles 1,513,530,642 instructions # 0.11 insns per cycle
That's 0.11 instructions per cycle compared to 0.5 for the non-locked version above. Comparing these two pieces of code makes the difference of intention between atomic and volatile quite clear. Even ignoring memory ordering issues, the volatile code can lead to the incorrect answer with concurrent access. Take another look at that code:
movl $500000000, %eax .L2: movq x(%rip), %rdx addq $3, %rdx subl $1, %eax movq %rdx, x(%rip) jne .L2
As anybody who has seen their now famous rant on Parks and Recreation knows, Patton Oswalt can get a little obsessed.
The popular actor, comedian, and Twitter savant is now out with a memoir about their former addiction to classic films, Silver Screen Fiend: Learning About Life from an Addiction to Film. The memoir follows Oswalt from 1995 to 1999 as they were starting out on their comedy career in Los Angeles. At the same time, they were obsessively watching classic films at the New Beverly Cinema, checking them off in anthologies about the best films ever made. It is a funny and sentimental read. Some of the more surprising joys to be found are the comedian's own takes on the classic films—they are deep, passionate, and personal.
In an interview with The Daily Beast, Oswalt opens up about why they found themselves addicted to classic movies, the best way to watch the Star Wars movies, and why they really just can't stand Salon.com.
What made you want to write a memoir now about your “addiction” to film?My publisher had asked, “If you wanted to write another book, what would you want to write about?” So I started to think about anything in my life that would be worth people giving it any amount of time. Was there something linked to something a little more universal as far as experiences are concerned? So I was looking back at the years, and that really popped out at me, those three years. You could literally see, starting from May 20 when I discovered the New Beverly it was suddenly like this every day, obsessively going to movies. So looking at that and that at that time I was also pursuing my career—so there was something here.
Why do you think you were “an asperg-y movie fan…a jabbering repellent acolyte?”I think it was because I naturally have OCD anyway, and now here I've discovered this thing that I can start checking off lists such as everything this producer did, everything this director made, or from this genre or from this country—and just devouring it along those lines. It just really fed into a lot of pathologies I had going for me.
A lot of your reflections on the classics are pretty intense, have you ever thought about being a film critic?No, only because I think I'd be a really lousy film critic now because I've been in so many movies, and know what it takes to make them. It would be really hard for me to be harsh to a bad movie. Even bad movies, I know the work that went into the thing. That's what makes a bad movie even more tragic. It wasn't that the movie sucked because the people that made it didn't give a fuck. They worked just as hard on that as the people who made the good movie did. They either lacked skill or lacked luck. Sometimes it just comes down to fucking luck. That's seems to be a very hard thing for me to criticize.
I just recently rewatched all six-Star Wars movies the other day…Oh wow, from the beginning? Or from Episode IV on?
I went back and forth between new and old.That order has a name. It's called the Machete Order. You discard the first Episode. That one just doesn't exist. You don't even watch it. You watch Episodes IV and V, and then after Empire, you go back to Episode II, and it's now suddenly flashback to Darth Vader which kind of ends with them going, “I'm your father.” Then you watch Episode III where you see how they lose, then you go to Episode VI where their son who you left off comes back to redeem him. It becomes a beautiful film. You can read about it online, there's a whole interesting essay about how there is not a single piece of information or character in Episode I: The Phantom Menace that you need to watch any of the other films, or to make them work in that order.
You write about The Phantom Menace and how it's just terrible. A lot of the culture around movies in the sci-fi/fantasy genre is about deconstructing them ad nauseam. Has this become more difficult for you to do as you've learned what it takes?It really has. I used to do that endlessly. Now it's like, all I'm doing is waiting for someone else's lead to start my imagining. They put the goddamn work into it, and I'm this parasite that's coming along and being an armchair quarterback. I wasn't out on the field and getting bruised and bloodied up. Now here I am going, “Well they didn't do this,” and so on. I'm very careful and wary about doing that now. There's just not the fun in it like it used to be.
If you read the Onion's AV Club. Their line of attack is really smart. This film is bad because it's cynical. They're not rubbing their hands and laughing out loud. It's like, oh this person's an amazing actor, why are they being forced to do this?
You write a lot about how you were a jerk or a snob when it came to comedy or film.I was the worst. I was the fucking worst.
At what point did that change?There wasn't a specific moment. There was a change probably in growing older, but it also came from now that I've been in movies and seen the other side of it. I've been doing comedy long enough and writing it, so now I know how hard it is to come up with original stuff. It's easy to sit there and go, “Well, that's already been done.” Also I came across the phrase “It's not what it's about, it's how it's about it.” That really turned my head around. Because I was going more on about how things had already been done. Well in that case then Star Wars never should have been made because they've already made movies about spaceships.
You talk a bit also about your time at Mad TV. Do you remember what the worst sketch you pitched was?My problem is not that I have the worst sketch, it's what was the laziest sketch. A shitty sketch—I'll take a shitty sketch over a lazy one, a shitty sketch is they tried something and failed. I was just pitching lazy shit. Like I would do something making fun of somebody who was already down. I would do a sketch about Bob Dole and their arm. There's a lot I don't like about Bob Dole but their arm and recovering from their arm injury, that's actually a good thing about him, I was just too young to realize that, because I was so angry about how culturally clueless they are. So my way to point out their cultural cluelessness is to be even more clueless?
What do you think drew you originally to comedy?It just seemed really fun. It was getting to create jokes at the source, and to get to hang out with comedians. It seemed like the perfect place for me.
So you're quite well known these days for your tweeting.Haha, what a sad thing to be great at, but yeah, I guess I am.
When there was talk of you being nominated for an Oscar for Young Adult, which didn't happen, your tweeting at the Oscars got a lot of press. What was that like?It was extremely gratifying. But to me, it was really weird, it was way more gratifying to me—and I think this is true of a lot of Oscar nominees—is obviously to even get talked about getting nominated, but ultimately what's great is to get something fresh and new and build something from nothing, from the ground up. So the biggest thrill for me was getting a script as good as Young Adult, and getting to work on it, and not knowing if I could pull it off. And then pulling it off. So the talk of an Oscar nomination, the other awards I got for it—they almost seemed like they were happening in an ether, because I'd already gotten the best award, which was getting to work on that movie from the ground up.
The other Twitter topic you are well known for is the topic of Salon. What's going on there?That's all about them wanting to get people to read them, and doing anything they can, and so they put up a comedian's picture and slap the word rape next to it. The thing Salon is really good at, which is when they point out somebody who is being willfully ignorant about a subject so they can appeal to a certain audience. When they write articles “Did The Onion Go Too Far?” or “ Is Patton Oswalt Supporting Rape? ” They already know the answer, but they know by feigning ignorance they can create all this debate about it. It upsets me because I used to really, and still do sometimes, love the articles Salon writes. They used to have Heather Havrilesky and Glenn Greenwald, and now they have become Fox News with all this look-y look-y shit. It hurts progressives. It's very personal but the fact is that that they want comedians to think twice, three times, four times about any kind of comedy.
It's like, no. Us liberals, comedy is our best weapon, and if you're going to take that away from us and make Margaret Dumonts and let the right-wingers be Grouchos, we're completely fucked. I don't want to sound like a supervillain, but I won't fucking allow it. That is going to hurt the progressive movement in this country more than anything, is people suddenly going, we're the scolders, we're the shushers, we're the ones offended by everything. Whereas one of the best weapons against conservatism is satire and offensiveness and bad taste—those were always our best weapons, and they're fucking them up for everybody.
Do you think it's becoming harder to be funny if there are fewer things you are “allowed” to joke about?Right now it seems hard, but here's what great about comedy: comedy and outrageousness mutate and evolve faster than the scolds and shushers. I agree with what Lindy West said. I'm not against rape jokes, I just want better ones. We're going to find even more refined and clever ways. Any comedian that is making a rape joke is doing so because they're disgusted and sickened by rape.
It's like what Roger Ebert used to say, “These people can count beans but they can't make soup.” These are people who are criticizing comedy who are not funny, who do not get comedy, and all they do is look at the separate words. They don't look at context. They don't look at delivery. They don't understand irony or satire or any of that stuff. They just can look at words. So we'll just find better ways to look at darker subjects.
In a weird way I am glad this is all happening. There's this British comedian who recently said if 10 percent of political correctness is people censoring comedians, maybe it's worth it if we can also now point out when people are being misogynistic or racist or punching down—maybe that's the cost of it. The other good thing is it will make satire even sharper. Nothing made Groucho funnier than having this Margaret Dumont around not understanding the jokes. Nothing's gonna make the satire sharper than having something as dull and dull-witted as Salon around not getting these jokes. Their review of John Oliver's brilliant new show literally included the line, “Does it have to be a straight white male hosting the show?” Oh my fucking god people. But, maybe it's good that that's around. For all the years they've railed against the New York Post and Fox News, they are using those techniques to attack other progressives that are on their side. They always make fun of the Tea Party for the Tea Party's litmus test and they have the narrowest litmus test on people that are already their allies.
What do you think is the best fantasy work that has not been adapted that should?Oh, easy. Michael Shea's Nifft the Lean series. It's a post-punk version of Lord of the Rings and Game of Thrones. It's fucking awesome. That would be an amazing series of films. Or, better yet, if Showtime wants to mount an answer to Game of Thrones, which I love, look at Michael Shea's Nifft the Lean.
What do you think of George R.R. Martin's response to people bugging them to and finish the books before they die?I've got to say I've got to agree with him. He's writing those for themselves ultimately. I'm always on the side of the artist rather than the audience. There's plenty of other fantasy series you could be reading. There's plenty of stuff to take up your time. Jesus Christ, I mean I would rather Dan Clowes put out one brilliant comic a year than something every month that was just OK. Fucking leave them alone, let them do what they want.
Are you excited, nervous, afraid, all of the above for the new Star Wars films?I am cautiously optimistic, and I'll leave it at that.
[Editor's note: News broke just a few hours after this piece was posted that Fred Phelps, Sr. died a little before midnight on March 19. May they rest in peace.]
Many people would like to see Fred Phelps, Sr. dead.
More, they'd like them to suffer while they die. He, along with Westboro Baptist Church that they founded, has caused real hurt and pain to many, many people – to LGBT people, to their families, to Catholics and Jews and people of color, to the families of soldiers who've died in war. But I take no joy in the fact that he's dying. He's tried to crucify LGBT people and those who love them, yet I wish them no pain, no suffering. I take no comfort in angry sentiments expressed at the news of their possible death.
***
I have had four encounters with the Westboro Baptist Church. I've witnessed firsthand the violence of their rhetoric, the hate they promote and the distortions of the Word of God that I've come to love.
The first was in the summer of 1994. I was a college student, visiting New York City for the first time on my way to a internship in Washington, DC. I was there in the midst of a major event commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Stonewall Riots, widely considered the touchstone for the modern LGBT rights movement in the United States.
In front of St. Patrick's Cathedral, a place that for many epitomized exclusion and marginalization by mainstream religion, I watched as men and women chanted angry slogans decrying what they perceived as sinful indifference in the face of a murderous plague that was devastating the gay population not only New York but the entire nation. On the other side of 5th Avenue, though, was another, smaller group. Police barricades kept the marchers and these counter-protesters separated. The signs they carried read: “God Hates Fags,” “Thank God for AIDS,” all in bright, neon colors.
I was shocked. I was disturbed. But at the time, I couldn't take them seriously. To me, they were just some unheard of fringe group, kept to the margins where they belonged. I couldn't have imagined I'd see them again.
The second encounter was just a few years later. I was living in Chicago, where the pastor of a Methodist church in my neighborhood had decided to conduct civil union ceremonies – long before legalized same-sex marriage was a reality – and news of their action spread across the country, attracting the attention of what I now learned was a small group called Westboro Baptist Church from Topeka, Kansas, led by one Fred Phelps, Sr.
***
Fred Phelps, Sr. became the pastor of Westboro Baptist Church in 1955, and quickly took control of the congregation. Today, almost all of the congregants are members of their own family. It's likely that Phelps's fire and brimstone style and their targeted animosity drove everyone else away. By the 1990s, they became focused on one thing: their absolute hatred for LGBT people born out of their conviction that God's vengeance is being wrought upon the United States because of its “tolerance” of the LGBT community.
Westboro Baptist Church (WBC) has a disturbingly simple explanation for nearly all the world's problems. Why are there wars? It's God's punishment for the fags. Natural Disasters? God's punishment. AIDS? God's punishment. Dead soldiers? God's punishment.
It's never been really clear why Phelps adopted this extreme position. Their son Mark claims their father was violently abusive and was subsequently exiled from the church and their family:
“My father,” says the 39 year-old, now a parent himself, “is addicted to hate. Why? I can't say. But I know they have to let it out. As rage. In doing so, they have violated the sacred trust of a parent and a pastor. I'm not trying to hurt my father. And I'm not trying to save him. I'm going to tell what happened because I've decided it's the only way I can overcome my past: to drag it into the light and break its chains.”
WBC rose to national prominence after Matthew Shepard was viciously murdered in Laramie, Wyoming, in 1998 – the same year they showed up in my Chicago neighborhood – when they protested Shepard's funeral. Later, they also protested at the trial of the two accused of Shepard's murder.
***
When WBC showed up in my Chicago neighborhood, they weren't met with the angry yelling and exchange of invectives that I saw in New York years before. This time, there was a quiet resistance. Several people showed up to their protest side across the street from the Methodist church carrying large, white sheets, and formed a curtain around the protest group. We knew they were there thanks to the faded neon colors that bled through the sheets. We could still hear their violent shouts. But as long as the curtains were allowed to stay, we didn't have to read the signs. Something similar happened at the trial of Matthew Shepard's murderers. A group of young people from Laramie showed up at the courthouse, and they used white sheets too, only this time, they formed them into angels' wings, a tactic that has been repeated at subsequent WBC actions.
After 9/11, WBC really picked up notoriety when they started protesting at the funerals of fallen soldiers – signs now read “Pray for More Dead Soldiers” and “Thank God for IEDs.” It was one thing for them to protest against LGBT issues – many Americans may have agreed with their cause, if not their tactics – but their protests at the funerals of dead soldiers united pretty much everyone against WBC. Similar to the angel actions, a peaceful response was organized to protect the dignity of military funerals by a group called the Patriot Guard.
***
My third encounter with WBC was just a few years ago, after I had entered the Jesuits, and once again it was in front of a cathedral. This time, I was attending mass at Seattle's St. James Cathedral on the feast of Corpus Christi, which that year happened to fall on Seattle's Pride Weekend. At the end of mass the cathedral assembly began its procession around the cathedral, and when we reached the corner in front of the cathedral steps, there they were. New signs joined the collection since my first WBC encounter more than 10 years prior, “Fag Church” and “Priests Rape Boys” among them.
This time, too, there were other protesters. A group of LGBT activists had gathered on another nearby corner. But this was different – they weren't protesting the cathedral, they were there to protest WBC. Maybe they weren't exactly for us, but they were definitely against WBC, and St. James is known as a place that embraces LGBT Catholics. And in the midst of all this, the cathedral assembly just did what we could – witnessing by our liturgy as we processed bearing the blessed sacrament, in the traditional way with incense and canopy and lanterns.
***
I wonder, how do you deal with a group that shows up all over the place and who causes so much unified anger and resistance? They're practically a caricature of themselves, and they'd be laughable if I didn't know the real hate and harm they cause. As such, their actions are infuriating. They provoke emotions the likes of which few of us experience – the level of rage against them that they have against LGBT people. And if you express that rage, however justified, they eat it up – just a sign that they're doing the Lord's work. They won't listen to reason; they are convinced of their mission and God's approbation. The media believes it must report on the news, but hosting them on talk shows seems to give credence to a truly objectionable organization. Cities have tried to pass laws restricting their activities, and one family even sued WBC for emotional distress in a case that was overturned by the Supreme Court on free speech grounds. I'd like to just ignore them, but in the digital media age, that's become just about impossible. They've taken over the web; godhatesfags.com is just one of their domain names, and they have as many Twitter accounts as family members and objects of hate.
Which brings me to my fourth and most recent encounter with WBC:
***
And now the leader of this hate group, and founder of a family that has intentionally caused pain to countless people in this country – a family that has said they want LGBT people dead – may lay dying, and perhaps even cast out from the very congregation they founded to promote their vitriol. There are those who are happy at their pain, I suppose. You can see some of those responses here. I can't blame them; that seems an all too human response to someone who's lived a life like Fred Phelps has. Yet, I think something more is called for here. We can rage and rejoice over a man's deathbed, but I feel that I need to rise above their base distortions, and more than, to rise through the pain he's caused, and show the love they denied not just to strangers, but to members of their own family.
That's not easy to do. But I've professed a faith that says that there's a way through suffering, a way that reveals redemption. It's a way that doesn't remove the afflictions we suffer in life, but proves that life overcomes them. It's the hope that we live for in Lent, when we're remembering our wrongs, and reforming our spirits, and preparing for that new life that we realize every Easter, and every Sunday. It's the hope that says, “Injustice may lead to the cross, but the cross leads to resurrection.” That's the faith I want to realize right now.
I appreciate what a friend said, that when Jesus told us to love our enemies they didn't just mean the friends who annoy us – they meant the people who want us dead. He's right. And a lot of other people are trying to take this difficult path too, and I'm glad I'm not alone. Sometimes, it takes a community of witnesses to show faith, hope, and love.
So, I pray that in their death, those WBC has hurt will find some peace. I pray that the WBC family might come out of their confusion and find a conversion towards the true gospel.
I pray for peace for Fred Phelps. I pray that they know not punishment, but mercy. I pray that they know a mercy so profound and limitless that it startles them out of their darkness. I pray that the people he's victimized know a love so sweet that it cleanses away any bitterness. I pray that they are led to know light and love, and that they gaze upon the face of God encompassed in divine, loving truth.
******
Fred Phelps Sr. image courtesy Wikimedia user Nicke L.; it can be found here.
Children of Westboro Baptist Church courtesy Flickr user Mel Green; it can be found here.
Matthew Shepard image courtesy GLAAD; it can be found here.
Angel Action image courtesy Wikipedia user MICDS Photographer; it can be found here.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders weighed in on last week's report that the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC may have funded research for the dossier that tried to link Donald Trump to Russia. Like Trump, Huckabee Sanders tweeted that the report was evidence of "collusion."
The evidence Clinton campaign, DNC & Russia colluded to influence the election is indisputable->https://t.co/nLRAMrJK3c — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) October 28, 2017
Rep. Lieu (D-CA) disagreed, and took the debate back to middle school.
Dear dumb as a rock @PressSec: Remember how Clinton campaign & DNC kept talking about Steele Dossier before last Nov elections? Me neither. https://t.co/msQyglT7oY — Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) October 28, 2017
Facing a slew of mean tweets for their rude comment, Lieu explained they were simply taking a page out of President Trump's playbook.
"I lifted the phrase from the President of the United States," Lieu reasoned, adding that they give the same treatment to men in Trump's White House.
Dear dumb as a rock @JaySekulow: Secret Service job is not to deter violations of Fed Election Campaign Act. That's the job of prosecutors. https://t.co/7xsYV8hWVA — Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) July 16, 2017
Well, at least he's an equal opportunist.
Outraged feminists have yet to speak up to defend Huckabee Sanders's honor. They are, after all, the first mother to own the title of White House press secretary.
The debate over who colluded with Russia has been a month back and forth battle that has no end in sight.
Police stood guard at a local branch of Bank of America Friday after customers found the doors open and nobody home.
A local man said they wandered into the bank to make a withdrawal early Friday afternoon without realizing the bank was closed for Veterans Day.
Police stood guard at a local branch of Bank of America Friday after customers found the doors open and nobody home.
A local man said they wandered into the bank to make a withdrawal early Friday afternoon without realizing the bank was closed for Veterans Day.
They found the lights off but the door open, nevertheless. They went inside without tripping an alarm and walked around looking for help. They finally walked to the liquor store next door and called police.
Officers arrived and conducted a search of the bank after speaking with the customer.
Other customers arrived, meanwhile, and conducted business at the ATM machine in the lobby.
Police were ordered to stand guard until bank officials could secure the building.
Officers on the scene would not comment. Bank spokespersons did not immediately return calls.
The customer said they saw nothing amiss in their short tour of the branch.
They speculated a cleaning crew may have left the bank unlocked, not knowing it would be closed on Friday for the holiday.
(SPOT.ph) The Metro Manila we know today isn't exactly a pretty sight: Cramped alleys, a polluted Pasig River, and highways plagued by constant traffic jams. It seems hard to believe now, but there was once a time when Manila was the center of opulence and grandeur, from the cobbled streets of the Walled City to the bustling commercial district of Escolta.
Life in Old Manila is preserved in history textbooks, faded archival photographs, or if we're lucky, heritage buildings that have stood the test of time. And while they are fascinating snippets of a quaint, bygone era, we can also turn to Philippine literature in order to understand the culture and ideals that once shaped our society. National Artist for Literature Nick Joaquin's A Portrait of the Artist as a Filipino does just that.
Widely regarded as the “National Play of the Philippines,” this three-act English play is set in a very specific time in our history: the tumultuous years just before World War II. More than just a depiction of a crumbling Intramuros on the brink of war, it's also a look into a society's rapidly changing values brought about by the arrival of the Americans. Yes, it's primarily a period piece centering on two struggling sisters named Candida and Paula, but its central message of Filipino cultural identity still remains universal to this day.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
Since its publication, Joaquin's masterpiece has come to life several times over the years and in different forms and languages. It began with a 1952 radio performance led by two National Artists, Daisy Hontiveros-Avellana and Lamberto V. Avellana. It was then staged multiple times by various theater companies, both in English and Filipino, and was notably adapted into a movie in 1965, also directed by Avellana.
Efforts to create another film adaptation didn't come until decades later, in the form of the immensely ambitious Ang Larawan. And much like its source material, Larawan's journey to the silver screen has an extensive and illustrious history of its own.
A Play with Three National Artists
The road to the box-office began in the late '90s when Culturtain Musicat Productions (then known as Musical Theater Philippines or Musicat) adapted Portrait into a stage musical. In an exclusive interview with SPOT.ph, Rachel Alejandro and Celeste Legaspi detailed just how far the show has come.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
They both serve as stars and producers of the new movie, but their connection to the project dates back to about 20 years ago when Joaquin's work was turned into a stage musical in 1997. “It's as if the music has never left me,” Alejandro tells us fondly. Back then, Legaspi portrayed the Candida to Zsa Zsa Padilla's Paula in the three-hour, sung-through musical. Alejandro, on the other hand, served as co-executive producer.
National Artist Rolando Tinio didn't just direct the play; they also translated the material in just a handful of weeks. Sadly, they passed away before they could see their work come to life. “That was quite an experience. They had translated it beautifully and rehearsed us very fast,” recalls Legaspi. “Maybe in a month and a half, we had almost done the whole play. I was wondering why, and then they died 10 days before we opened.”
Joaquin and Tinio weren't the only heavyweights onboard: Ryan Cayabyab wrote the music, while National Artist Salvador Bernal served as the musical's production designer. Ang Larawan, The Musical was so successful that it was mounted again a year later; this time, Alejandro played the Paula to Legaspi's Candida.
A post shared by GR Rodis (@showbizmanila) on Oct 30, 2017 at 12:57am PDT
Nearly two decades, many original stage productions, and a new company name later, Culturtain took the plunge and decided to make their first-ever movie. “This is the work of Nick Joaquin, Rolando Tinio, Ryan Cayabyab. Those three Filipino geniuses were enough reason [to do it],” says Legaspi.
Rehearsal, Rehearsal, Rehearsal
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
They began working on Larawan four-and-a-half years ago—a bit surprising, until you realize the amount of detail and preparation that went into the film.
For one, the material had to be edited from three hours to a more movie-friendly two-hour running time. The dialogue, which was originally sung through, also had to fit the medium. “We speak, we sing, we speak, we sing. It became more natural,” explains Legaspi. Although some songs have been shortened or reworked as dialogue, everyone was adamant that Tinio's poetic words remain unchanged.
Naturally, the music also had to be rewritten completely—and that took an entire year. “We started in 1997 with a six-piece band. And then we worked with the ABS-CBN Philharmonic Orchestra, which has 60 pieces. So Ryan [Cayabyab] had to come up with absolutely new arrangements,” they reveal.
It took a year to edit the screenplay and things got even more challenging when director Loy Arcenas asked for an entire year of rehearsals.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
The first step was auditions, which began after Alejandro and West End thespian Joanna Ampil (who plays the film's Candida) were cast. Legaspi admits that another “young, handsome actor” who was on the rise several years ago was in the running to play Tony Javier, but eventually backed out. Paulo Avelino auditioned and later landed the role. “He committed to voice lessons for several months and they had to record again and again until we were happy with what they gave us,” they add. “He rehearsed with us for about a year as much as they could.”
Slowly but steadily, the cast list grew: Menchu Launchengco-Yulo and Nonie Buencamino were cast as Pepang and Manolo, respectively; Robert Arevalo took on the role of Don Perico; and they were later joined by the likes of Sandino Martin, Cris Villonco, Aicelle Santos, Jaime Fabregas, Bernardo Bernardo, Noel Trinidad, Nanette Inventor, and Dulce. They were all talented individuals with a variety of backgrounds that go beyond just theater. “The film needed excellent actor-singers, not just singers, to get all those emotions across,” notes Arcenas.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
The film even has its fair share of cameos, including ones from Ricky Davao, Zsa Zsa Padilla, and Mikee Cojuangco, who were both part of the original '90s staging, and Rayver Cruz, Ogie Alcasid, and Ryan Cayabyab with their wife.
Assembling a cast this massive was already challenge in itself, but the next major hurdle was getting them in one room. “We had a great cast but we had a busy cast, all with different schedules—soaps, films, concerts,” Arcenas tells us. “Try rehearsing a quartet with two actors. Now try a sextet with three!”
The grueling rehearsals would run several hours at a time, covering everything from basic blocking to singing and even developing their character dynamics. “Mother Lily Monteverde had to lend us their venue. Imagine if we had to pay for rentals for a year,” says Alejandro.
The core cast—Alejandro, Ampil, Avelino, and Martin—had their own set of rehearsals on top of their scenes with the rest of the ensemble. It was especially important, for instance, that the unique sibling dynamics between Candida and Paula felt authentic.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
“Because I knew the music so well, I had a tendency to take the lead when we would do our scenes together, and that's the opposite of how it should be,” admits Alejandro. “Loy [Arcenas] really, really made it a point to say, ‘You always have to look at Candida and their cue.' So I'm always looking at her, waiting for them to react, and mirroring what they do. Mahirap ‘yon.”
And despite being an accomplished singer and actor, Alejandro tells us that even they had to take singing lessons for their role. They had to “let go” of how they sang as Paula in 1998 and instead, try to match their vocals with Ampil. “Because I'm singing with Joanna, who is more theatrically trained, it didn't blend well together. So I had to change the way I sang to match their style and the era."
After a year's worth of meticulous planning, shooting began—and that was another adventure for this ambitious team.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
Building Old Manila
Believe it or not, the film was shot well over two years ago. Boy Yñiguez was the cinematographer, while Gino Gonzales—interestingly enough, the protégé of Salvador Bernal—was Larawan's production designer.
The film was primarily shot over the span of 12 days in an ancestral home in Taal, Batangas, which served as the fictional home of Candida and Paula. They also filmed exteriors in Intramuros, as well as their final scene: A reenactment of the La Naval procession scene—the very last before World War II broke.
The procession scene is the film's finale and required painstaking attention to detail. Not only did they have to worry about over 600 extras in specially made period costumes, they also had to ensure that every aspect was historically accurate.
For one, the La Naval's garments were the actual originals and the minute details on the Virgin's float, such as the wooden carvings of angels, had to be made in the province. “You only see it for a few seconds at the end. But that's the kind of film it is, that's how we wanted it done,” says Legaspi.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
You'd think they would have stopped there and called it a day, but a year later, they realized that their limited locations also limited how the finished film looked. “You really feel like all the action happens in one room or one place,” admits Alejandro. “And it feels claustrophobic after a while. It's like a beautifully shot play.”
So they shot more scenes that hopefully will give audiences a clearer idea of the values and way of life in pre-war Intramuros. One such scene is their opening sequence, a black-and-white introduction that explains the setting. “What is the sense of this place? How was the decaying of Intramuros like at the time? That [sequence] was not in the musical, so those things had to be added to give it context,” they explain. That was one year ago.
The Road to MMFF
Creating a film of such massive scale naturally requires a massive budget, and the Larawan team would be the first to say they were blessed. Grants came in from across the board, including the Film Development Council of the Philippines, the Quezon City Film Fund, the National Commission for Culture and the Arts, and individuals who understood the importance of keeping our heritage alive.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
A post shared by Rachel Alejandro (@racheljalejandro) on Oct 26, 2017 at 4:00am PDT
Now armed with a completed film, the Larawan team was determined to ensure that their story would be seen by the widest Filipino audience possible—by joining the Metro Manila Film Festival. And although their screenplay submission was rejected in June (causing a wave of criticism across social media), they still submitted the movie into the festival's Finished Films category. Results will be released some time in November.
“Of course, we'll make a big fuss [if] they still refuse us,” Legaspi jokingly says. “[If that happens], we plan to do a nationwide release in February 2018 in time for Arts Month.”
But whether or not Larawan joins the MMFF, it seems to be doing just fine in the international festival circuit. It recently competed in the 30th Tokyo International Film Festival; there, it was notably praised by Variety and every single one of its screenings was sold out. As of writing, it's also part of the Cinematografo International Film Festival in San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
A Love Letter to Filipinos
It's admittedly daunting trying to promote a period piece and a musical to a wider Filipino audience, but the Larawan team remains optimistic. “I hope they will really listen and appreciate the words of Rolando… if they would just stop and listen to the beauty of their words,” muses Legaspi. “That is one thing that I hope this film will accomplish. That is also the reason why we were very strict that everybody had to be 100% faithful to the script.”
More than just Tinio's words, they also hope that the film will put original Pinoy music on the world stage. “You always hear, '[Filipino music] is so Western.' But that is our music. We've been exposed to the West! Ryan is one of the many who embraced it completely then elevated it,” they add. “If anyone should represent OPM to the world, it's Ryan.”
And whether it hits theaters on December or February, they just want viewers to understand their message of holding on to your ideals and remembering the kind of Filipinos we once were—the same powerful message echoed by the many people who have adapted Joaquin's work through the decades.
“I don't know how the Filipino audiences will take to Larawan, but let it be known that this was a love letter that we wanted to send out to you,” says Arcenas. “It's something to remember and remind us of ourselves as Filipinos.”
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
Ang Larawan is an entry under the Asian Future section of the 30th Tokyo International Film Festival, which ran from October 25 to November 3. If accepted into the Metro Manila Film Festival, it will screen locally on December 25.
Photos courtesy of Jojit Lorenzo, Bill Barrinuevo, GR Rodis, and Erickson dela Cruz.
All the U.S. “Wild Weasel” F-16s are being given a new paint job similar to the one of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.
It is called “Have Glass 5th generation” as it represents the evolution of the standard Have Glass program that saw all the F-16s receiving a two-tone grey color scheme made with a special radar-absorbing paint capable to reduce the aircraft Radar Cross-Section: in fact, “Vipers” are covered with RAM (Radar Absorbent Material) made of microscopic metal grains that can degrade the radar signature of the aircraft.
For the moment, the JSF-like paint job will be applied to the F-16CM (formerly CJ) Block 50 Fighting Falcon aircraft that can carry a variety of air-to-air and air-to-surface ordnance, including HARM (High-speed Anti-Radiation Missiles) and precision-guided munitions.
Their role is to enter the enemy territory ahead of the strike package to take care of the enemy air defenses: radars and fixed and mobile SAM (Surface to Air Missiles) batteries.
Therefore, the units that will fly with the F-16CMs in the new color scheme will be those tasked with SEAD (Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses) missions: the 52nd Fighter Wing at Spangdahlem (Germany), the 35th FW at Misawa (Japan), the 20th FW at Shaw Air Force Base, the 169th FW at McEntire Joint National Guard Base (SC), and 148th FW at Duluth International Airport, (MN).
Whilst two aircraft in the U.S. flew the Have Glass 4 paint job for test purposes (98-0004 and 98-0005 flying with the 85th Test and Evaluation Squadron from Eglin AFB) the first aircraft spotted in the new livery is a Minnesota ANG F-16CM, 91-0391, that is currently deployed at Kandahar, Afghanistan.
The F-35 will replace the F-16CM in the SEAD role in the future.
Image credit: Antonio Muñiz Zaragüeta
Related Articles
Salva
Nay Pyi Taw: An earthquake measuring 5.3 on the Richter Scale jolted Myanmar and Bangladesh on Tuesday morning. According to ANI, the earthquake hit India-Myanmar border region as well.
5.5 magnitude earthquake hit Myanmar-India border region at 7:11 AM this morning: IMD — ANI (@ANI_news) August 23, 2016
The epicentre of the earthquake was determined 57 km from Khampat, Myanmar (Burma), which hit the region at 7.41 am, the US Geological Survey said.
Reports suggest that earthquake tremors were felt in Guwahati and Karbi Anglong district in Assam.
Police and fire officials said there were no reports of any major damage so far, Xinhua news agency reported.
On Monday, a minor earthquake measuring 3.5 on the Richter Scale struck Delhi and Haryana, officials said.
The epicentre of the quake was in Mahendragarh, Haryana, and it occurred at a depth of 10 km beneath the surface of the earth.
The quake struck at 2.50 pm and was described as minor by the met department official.
With inputs from IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
There are few people who don't like birthday celebration, but there are huge, we can say 99.99% people who celebrate their birthday and like a birthday celebration. Apart from these numbers, huge and low, we are here with funny birthday memes. Birthday is one of the best days in anyone life, people feel so loved when someone sent them birthday wishes, either that is funny or anything.
So if you want to make your friends so happy then you can send them funny birthday memes from memes collection. Birthday memes are ultimate so you can also send it to your family, friends, brothers, sisters, wife, husband, lover or anyone who means to you.
Funny Birthday Memes Collection
Now your wait is gonna over. Here we are going to sharing funny birthday memes. We made it a complete collection so that you can get all type of funny birthday memes.
So choose the best funny happy birthday memes for friends, Birthday memes for boys, girls, Happy birthday memes for brothers and sister, and send them. I am sure these memes can make them so happy.
Funny Birthday Memes for Friends
Friends are best in anyone life. There are many types of friends in everyone life. So friends are cool, some are funny and some are naughty.
So If you want to wish a happy birthday to your friend, then you can choose any funny birthday memes for friends. You can send these memes to your family and friends.
Funny Birthday Memes for Girls
You have some girls friend or some girls in your friend circle and their birthday is today. So why not send them memes.
Yes, if you are finding funny memes for girls then you can check below. You need to find out their behavior and according to that choose one funny happy birthday memes for them and sent to them
Funny Birthday Memes for Boys
Here you will find some best and latest funny happy birthday memes for boys. Most of the time, some naughty girl search for these memes for their friends. So If you are looking for funny memes for boys, then just check out these free funny birthday memes.
You can send these memes to boys to make them happy and also you can tease them. These memes can also send to your cousin, brother, best friends, lover or any boy. You just need to choose right according to the personality of the person.
Funny Birthday Memes for Brothers and Sisters
Wow, this is the amazing section, if today is the birthday of your brother or sister, then you can try out funny birthday memes for brothers and sisters. These birthday memes can bring lots of happiness and laughter to your dearest brother and sister.
If you always love to play with your brother and sister in some little loving fighting manner, then you can also tease them with these funny birthday memes for them and them You will like these funny memes. So I will say, memes are not only a way of wishing, it is the way of making happiness.
So on the birthday of your brother and sister, send the latest funny happy birthday memes for brother and sister and make them happy, make their birthday memorable.
Thank you so much for being on this post. In this post, we have shared funny birthday memes for friends, birthday memes for boys, happy birthday memes for Girl, and also funny happy birthday memes for brothers, sisters.
Hope you have liked all the memes. We do update with new memes regularly so keep visiting this post for more funny memes and best happy birthday memes.
[+]Enlarge HEART LIGHT Thin, flexible lithium-ion batteries printed onto the bridge of a pair of paper glasses (left) and the curved surface of a glass mug (right) can power small light-emitting diodes. Credit: Nano Lett.
Engineers dreaming up new pacemakers, watches, or whatever wearable gadgets come after Google Glass have to tailor their designs around existing battery shapes—typically cylinders, pouches, or rectangles. But a team of researchers hopes their fully printable, flexible lithium-ion batteries will one day free designers from these constraints (Nano Lett. 2015, DOI: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.5b01394).
Battery shapes are now limited because of the need to contain liquid electrolytes, which carry ions and charges between the two electrodes when the battery is being used or recharged. Solid-state batteries that use solid electrolytes could be printed to fit a particular device shape and would give designers more room to play. So far, though, there aren't any solid-state lithium-ion batteries on the market, says Corie Cobb of PARC, a research company owned by Xerox, in Palo Alto, Calif., who is not involved in the new work. Lithium-ion is currently the best rechargeable battery chemistry—it lasts a long time, has a high energy density, and delivers that energy in powerful bursts.
Sang-Young Lee of Ulsan National Institute of Science & Technology, in South Korea, and their group have now shown they can print working batteries on a variety of surfaces and in different shapes. Two years ago, Lee's team designed a printable, solid-state electrolyte for lithium-ion batteries (Adv. Mater. 2013, DOI: 10.1002/adma.201204182). This material has a unique combination of properties: It's sufficiently conductive, has the right viscosity for printing, and maintains its function even when the battery is repeatedly flexed or fixed onto a curved or bent surface. The electrolyte Lee designed is a composite made of alumina nanoparticles and lithium combined with polymer that can be cured by ultraviolet light. “Before printing, the material has the viscosity of ketchup,” Lee says.
To print working batteries, Lee's group first creates printable inks by mixing previously developed battery-electrode material blends into the UV-curable polymer. They press ink for the anode through a stencil with a squeegee, cure it with UV light, then do the same with the electrolyte on top of the anode. They follow that with the cathode ink to create the full battery cell. Using this technique, the researchers printed a battery on the bridge of a pair of paper glasses and also put a heart-shaped battery on the curved surface of a glass mug. Lee says this stencil printing can be done on a massive scale.
Cobb says solid electrolytes tend to have limitations—they're not as conductive as liquid ones. She'd like to see more data on the performance and energy storage of these batteries but says they do demonstrate the potential to make a greater variety of designs and shapes that aren't possible today.
In 11 Questions, The A.V. Club asks interesting people 11 interesting questions—and then asks them to suggest one for our next interviewee.
Joel Hodgson may be best known in silhouette, seen just underneath countless numbers of terrible movies as the creator and original host of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Since leaving the show in 1993, Hodgson has kept up a steady career of acting and voice-over, appearing on other cult shows such as Freaks And Geeks and Arrested Development, but they returned to their first love of riffing with Cinematic Titanic, reuniting with most of the MST3K cast for a touring show that completed its final voyage in 2013. Most recently, he's been seen in new intros for YouTube's MST3K “Turkey Day” Marathon—the glorious return of which, along with the launch of an official site dedicated solely to streaming MST3K episodes, has made this a great age for MSTies. Currently, Hodgson is at work on the Paul Feig-produced Yahoo series Other Space, which will see them once again shot into the outer regions alongside a robot voiced by MST3K's Trace Beaulieu. Other Space is slated to debut next spring.
Advertisement
1. “What's the worst job you've ever had?”
Joel Hodgson: I think the worst job I ever had was the year before I went to college. I had a job just mowing lawns. Basically, I was the groundskeeper for this giant warehouse for Mayflower Moving in Green Bay. It was on the Fox River, and I just got the feeling like nobody was really paying attention. It was just this meaningless job where nobody ever really looked at the grounds. It was so much grass, so much area, and it was really funny, because it was all with a push mower. And it just seemed like one of those just aimless kinds of jobs, because nobody would see. Basically, every day I would cut a different section of grass, to the point where I was just in a loop—perpetually just going around the building, mowing the grass. And it didn't seem like anybody was supervising me, yet I felt obliged to do the job.
The A.V. Club: It almost sounds like a Kafka story.
JH: Yeah, it really felt like that. I just aimlessly kept mowing the lawn through the summer. I think that was probably the worst job.
Advertisement
2. What did your parents want you to be?
JH: They were so great. I never, ever got a feeling like they were trying to insist that I do anything. They never even suggested something, which I'm so grateful for. My grandfather, on the other hand, they were a minister, and they wanted me to be a pastor, and that terrified me. Because the way I grew up, if God called you, you had to do it regardless—you know what I mean? So I was kind of afraid of that. Like, “Oh, God is going to call on me to be a minister, and I don't really want to do it.” I was kind of terrified of that, but it didn't happen.
AVC: Did you even have much of a relationship with God, other than being terrified that They would call you?
Advertisement
JH: Oh yeah, I did. Absolutely, man.
3. Who would be your pop culture best friend?
JH: This isn't quite right, but I would love to be best friends with David Bowie. I want to be friends with David Bowie, I guess when they played The Man Who Fell To Earth. I think Bowie is just so fantastic and seems so brilliant and creative. That would be super cool. Like, I never got how Iggy Pop got Bowie to be such a good friend. Bowie loved Iggy Pop, and they thought that Iggy Pop was going to be a movie star and a pop star. And if they felt that way about Iggy Pop, I might be able to talk them into feeling that way about me.
Advertisement
AVC: What do you think you would do with David Bowie? How do you picture that hang-out going?
JH: I just think he'd be the kind of guy that you just go over to their place and—I don't smoke, but I get the feeling that they smoke—and you'd have a cigarette with them and coffee and plan your day. I just feel like they would validate—no matter what idea I had—he would just find an angle, like, “Oh, man, Joel, I like where you're going with that. This is good. Let me make a few phone calls for you, Joel.” You just feel like, no matter what you're going for, they could put the proper lens on it and turn it into a project. I don't know why, but I feel like somehow he's the embodiment of that kind of creativity.
AVC: David Bowie sounds cool.
JH: Yeah.
4. What game show do you think you would be good at?
JH: The game show that I would be good at hasn't been invented yet. I have really, really good facial pattern recognition—extraordinarily good facial pattern recognition. So I think they should create a game show where you bring people out—just people from the audience, everyday people—and then I would tell them who they look like. And then we would pull up images. There'd be other people I'd be competing against. I'd be the resident expert, and you'd play against me. I would be like the house facial pattern recognition expert and people would play me. Basically, you'd bring out people and then I'd identify who they look like—usually people from pop culture, from movies or TV. I guess it would be called Facial Pattern Recognition Showdown With Joel Hodgson.
Advertisement
AVC: I was going to say, you could call it Did Anyone Ever Tell You…?
JH: Oh yeah. Did Anyone Ever Tell You You Look Just Like…? That's good.
AVC: Aren't you worried some of the people might be insulted a little bit?
JH: No, because I've found people are really alert to how they look, and they're always really clear on that. And they often really use that to their advantage when they look like someone—at least, that's the way they behave toward me. Maybe when I'm gone they go, “God, what a dick.”
Advertisement
5. How would your enemies describe you?
JH: Oh, man. That's a really good question. I think they would describe me as a conniving baby. [Laughs.]
AVC: Why is that?
JH: I don't know, I'm just making it up. I have no idea. I often find that your enemies are the last people who will tell you really why they don't like you. Man, that's a really good question. I'll just go with conniving baby.
Advertisement
AVC: Like a baby who's always scheming against other people?
JH: Yeah. I get angry easily, and I'm just a little baby and have to have my way. I wish I was more self-aware. I might be really single-minded about certain things, but I feel like, as I've gotten older, I really love collaborating a lot. So I don't know if there's anybody who would think that way.
AVC: Do you even think you have enemies at this point?
JH: Not that I know of, but let's just go with conniving baby, I guess. Conniving baby or lizard baby. Or conniving lizard baby. I don't know.
Advertisement
AVC: Wait, where does the lizard part come in?
JH: I don't know, I'm just trying to create a picture.
6. If a deli named a sandwich after you, what would be on it?
JH: There'd be two versions. One would be when I'm eating meat, and the other is when I'm being a vegetarian. So there'd be one that's a tofu curried faux chicken salad. And then there's just the regular version with real chicken. And somehow they'd know if I was vacillating between being vegetarian or eating meat. And they'd just go, “Okay, fine, give them the real chicken one.”
Advertisement
AVC: How often do you switch back and forth?
JH: Well, it kind of depends on who I'm eating with, because I feel really self-conscious. If I'm eating with vegans or vegetarians, I tend to swing that way. And when they're not around, I'll eat meat. I'm still trying to decide. I think vegetarianism is great, and it's more sustainable. I think meat is just kind of hard on the environment, but I kind of do better with it. I kind of feel better with it. I'm kind of torn. Hence the sandwich.
7. What was your first big grown-up purchase?
JH: When I went to college, I had to get a loan and stuff and start paying. So I think that.
Advertisement
AVC: You paid your own way to college?
JH: I split it with my parents. I went 50/50 with them.
AVC: Do you think you got a good return on your investment?
JH: I think so. I really enjoyed college, and I really met wonderful people there. So yeah, I really liked it. It was definitely a really good thing for me.
Advertisement
AVC: How long did it take to pay off your loan?
JH: Man, I can't remember. A long time.
AVC: You did pay it off though, right? We're not getting you in trouble?
JH: Yeah.
8. What's your go-to karaoke song?
JH: “Hot Child In The City.”
AVC: You answered that really fast.
JH: It always works, man. It always catches people off guard. And I've used it for 20 years. I still do it. Also, I do “Come To My Window.”
Advertisement
AVC: The Melissa Etheridge song?
JH: Yeah, I do that one, too.
AVC: So you go for mostly female artists?
JH: No, the guy who sang “Hot Child In The City” was Nick Gilder. But they had a very effeminate voice, a really high voice.
Advertisement
AVC: Ah, that's right. For some reason, I thought it was someone like Juice Newton.
JH: Yeah, you're in the neighborhood.
9. What's the worst living situation you've ever had?
JH: After I quit being a stand-up and went back to Minneapolis. It was really great, because after college I was able to have my stand-up career. Fortunately, three years later when I quit being a stand-up and came back to Minneapolis, all my hipster friends were still hanging out in Minneapolis and living in houses together. So that was really fun. But I do remember we had fleas at a certain point, and that was unsettling. It makes you really nutty. I don't even know how you get fleas or whatever, but we had fleas.
Advertisement
AVC: Did you have dogs?
JH: No! That was the weird thing. Maybe they weren't fleas. I don't know what they were, but they were these bugs that we were finding all over ourselves and we were all itchy. You know, I called them fleas, but maybe they weren't. Gnats?
AVC: Are you sure you guys weren't having a shared hallucination?
JH: No, but what's the other thing. Lice? It wasn't lice. No, it wasn't a shared hallucination. We had fleas, man.
10. Who could you take in a fight?
JH: The thing that's weird is that people don't realize how big I am. I'm almost 6 feet tall, I weigh over 200 pounds—I bet you I'm 210 right now. I got a lot of girths, you know? I'm a big guy, and I don't think people think of me like that. Especially when they draw me. They draw me real scrawny. The other thing is I'm one of those guys that just keeps coming at you—like I'll crawl you, you know? I just keep coming. And that's what I think is really unsettling.
Advertisement
But I guess I'd go back to Bowie. I definitely think I could take him, because he's old now, and he's whisper thin. I could get him. And they wouldn't see it coming. We'd be sitting there smoking, you know, drinking coffee, and they wouldn't see it coming at all.
AVC: I kind of think that might ruin your friendship.
JH: Yeah, no, I don't think so. It would heighten it. That's probably how Iggy Pop got Bowie to like him—is they fought.
Advertisement
11. Do you have anybody's autograph?
JH: Yes, I do. I have Bobby Womack's autograph and I have Ray Harryhausen's autograph.
AVC: Ray Harryhausen I can understand, with your line of work, but how did you come by Bobby Womack?
Advertisement
JH: I met a guy who's a record producer who produces him, and they were a Mystery Science Theater fan, and they told me they worked with Bobby Womack. And I told him, “Man, if you could get their autograph, it would really be awesome.” So that's it. I knew a guy who knew him.
AVC: Bobby Womack just died this year, right?
JH: Oh my God, I didn't even realize. I hadn't heard that.
AVC: Oh. I'm sorry. Yeah, they died over the summer.
JH: Wow. It's okay. I'm just a casual fan. I'm sorry to hear that, I didn't know that.
Advertisement
AVC: Sorry to break the news to you. That's a bummer note to end on.
JH: That's okay.
12. The bonus question comes from Rhys Darby. “What is your favorite cryptozoological creature? And why?”
Advertisement
JH: What does “cryptozoological creature” mean?
AVC: Mythical—like Sasquatch or something like that.
JH: Oh, gotcha. Well, you know, in Wisconsin there's a mythical creature called the Hodag, and I've always loved it. It is in northern Wisconsin which is really—Wisconsin as it is, it's already a lush state, lots of woods, everything's green there—but northern Wisconsin is especially lush, and it's very atmospheric. It rains a lot, and it just really, you know, it kind of fits that there.
Advertisement
In northern Wisconsin, there's this creature called a Hodag. It's kind of like a dragon, but they're not that big. It's like 6 feet long, and they have two horns, kind of like longhorns, so that's what makes them different than a traditional dragon. Basically they did a hoax, like in the late 1800s, and they do a lot of taxidermy up there because there's a lot of sportsmen—especially back then. So they made a really excellent, like, taxidermied version of the Hodag and claimed that they trapped it, and they just laid down this legend really beautifully. I've always been partial to that.
AVC: What would you like to ask the next person—which will be our final bonus question of the year?
Advertisement
JH: What's your last meal? If you're going to be executed, what's your last meal? What's on the menu?
AVC: And what would your last meal be?
JH: I'd do all the really heavy fried stuff. Like fried chicken, you know, just all the really rich food that kind of gives you a stomachache, because it doesn't matter. I'd have fried chicken, and I'd have pecan pie and ice cream, and french fries.
Advertisement
AVC: You wouldn't be a vegetarian on the day you're going to die?
JH: No, I don't think so. I mean, again though, it all depends on my mood. If I'm in that zone, I would maybe want to stick with it.
AVC: I mean, you're already kind of feeling guilty anyway, because you're about to be executed.
Advertisement
JH: Yeah, exactly. You never know. And it's so frustrating, because I'll go through periods… Like, I've probably spent four or five months this year being a vegan—not even a vegetarian, a vegan—and then on the weekend I do vegan, where I do cheese and eggs or something, and then I jump to the paleo diet, where it's lots or meat and vegetables. I'm still kind of grappling with it. So I couldn't say. But I have to say, I'd go out with eating meat.
AVC: Yeah. Who are you trying to impress on your way to the electric chair?
JH: Exactly.
(Image: Getty)
Dennis Cometti has criticised the Western Bulldogs' recruitment of Travis Cloke, saying the Dogs were “stuck with him” after securing the forward before going on to win the flag.
The 30-year-old has struggled with injury and form, playing six games and kicking six goals this year.
Cloke was left out of the Dogs' side this weekend with soreness.
Cometti, on Triple M's pre-game coverage of West Coast/Geelong, didn't seem to buy it too much.
“Soreness!” they exclaimed.
“How come you drop Matthew Boyd and the world knows about it, and you can cover for Cloke?”
Dennis said the Dogs went too early in their interest for Cloke, suggesting the fact they won the flag means they didn't really need them in the first place.
"I think it really harmed the club, I think damaged the fabric,” they said.
“They got into it too soon before the grand final - probably they surprised themselves with what they did in the finals, and as a result I think they were stuck with him.”
Dennis said Cloke is playing like they find it “awkward” being there.
“He reminds me of a guy that just doesn't want to be out there and playing,” they said.
"I think that they feel awkward about it, too, and I'm not sure what they can do now, because they're a fair way in (to the deal) now, aren't they?"
Russell Wilson might not have been diagnosed with a concussion after taking a brutal hit against Arizona last week, but they definitely did do some damage to their jaw during the Seahawks' 22-16 win over the Cardinals.
As a matter of fact, Wilson did so much damage to their jaw that they had to visit a doctor this week to get the "disc" in their jaw realigned. To get the displaced disc back in its proper location, Wilson had to wear a special mouth piece at home this week and thanks to Instagram, we now know how much trouble Wilson went through to get their jaw fixed.
My Jaw is hurt and Dr. is making me wear this to fix and realign my disc in my jaw. #Brutal #Jaws #MyFaceHurts A post shared by Russell Wilson (@dangerusswilson) on Nov 13, 2017 at 1:59pm PST
Basically, if Wilson's video is any indication, goggles and a hairnet are the first two things you should buy if you ever displace the disc in your jaw.
By the way, here's a look at that hit that injured Wilson on Thursday.
Russell Wilson leaves game, briefly, after this shot to the jaw: pic.twitter.com/mOkkI8AEXR — Deadspin (@Deadspin) November 10, 2017
Although Wilson's jaw took the brunt of the hit, it's their head that has started a controversy in Seattle. After taking the hit, referee Walt Anderson thought that Wilson looked a little dazed, so they ordered the Seahawks quarterback over to Seattle's sideline so that they could be checked for a possible concussion.
During their short trip to the sideline, Wilson never really talked to a doctor and now, the NFL is investigating whether or not the Seahawks broke concussion protocol. If the league finds that the Seahawks did violate the NFL's concussion protocol, then the team could be fined up to $150,000.
Wilson was actually asked about the hit after the game and at the time, they said they definitely didn't suffer a concussion, but they did add that they definitely messed up their jaw.
"I was just trying to move my jaw. I was like, 'Ah, man, it's stuck,'" Wilson said. "I think I was kinda like laying down on the ground for a second just trying to get my jaw, and I think Walt thought maybe I was injured or something like that. I told them I was good, I was good, and they said, 'Come off the field.'"
The good news for Seahawks fans is that Wilson didn't suffer a serious injury on the play, which means he'll be on the field for Monday's game against the Falcons.
Minimizing page load time is incredibly important for both UX and SEO. We spend tons of time obsessing over getting our code and servers optimized to serve our sites as fast as possible, but once you incorporate data from external APIs, you may be putting your site's load times at the mercy of an external server that you have no control over.
Even under the best circumstances, site performance will generally still be an issue when getting data from third-party APIs, due to the additional time required to make extra HTTP requests. For these reasons, it's important to leverage a caching system when retrieving data from a remote site. While caching is important for any resource-demanding process, it makes even more sense when working with APIs because often times the data returned will not change between page loads.
The Better Transient Cache Option
While we could roll our own caching system based on the transients API, there are some important limitations to that system, which would restrict its usefulness. Fortunately, Mark Jaquith, a lead developer of WordPress has developed the WP-TLC-Transient, which provides an excellent tool for caching API calls.
The most important difference between the WP-TLC-Transients Library and the WordPress Transients API is that WP-TLC-Transients library is “soft-expiring.”
With the Transients API, on the other hand, you set a maximum length for the transient to be stored, once it expires, it's gone — we call this system “hard-expiring.”At some point between when you set the transient and its expiration time, it will be cleared from your database, and any call to it will return false.
With the WP-TLC-Transient library, however, once information is cached, it stays in the cache, but is updated when called after its expiration.
Normally, when using the transient API, you set up a function that first checks if the transient is false. If you get_transient() doesn't return false, the transient is set and the cached value is returned. If it is false, the transient is re-built and only once that is done, the data is returned. This is the basic pattern for doing something like this:
function slug_get_from_remote( $id ) { $root_url = json_url(); $key = md5( __FUNCTION__ . $root_url . $id ); if ( false == ( $response = get_transient( $key ) ) { $url = trailingslashit( $root_url ) . 'posts/' . $id; $response = wp_remote_get( $url ); if ( ! is_wp_error( $response ) ) { $response = wp_remote_retrieve_body( $response ); $response = json_decode( $response ); set_transient( $key, $response ); } } return $response; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 function slug_get_from_remote ( $ id ) { $ root_url = json_url ( ) ; $ key = md5 ( __FUNCTION_ _ . $ root _ url . $ id ) ; if ( false == ( $ response = get_transient ( $ key ) ) { $ url = trailingslashit ( $ root _ url ) . 'posts/' . $ id ; $ response = wp_remote_get ( $ url ) ; if ( ! is_wp_error ( $ response ) ) { $ response = wp_remote_retrieve_body ( $ response ) ; $ response = json_decode ( $ response ) ; set_transient ( $ key , $ response ) ; } } return $ response ; }
This pattern is useful for more than just caching API calls. I often use it for caching computationally expensive, heavily-used functions, where the result doesn't regularly change. With the WP-TLC-Transient — when you attempt to get an expired item from the cache — the old value is returned, and a new value is generated via a background, asynchronous process.
Adding the Library to Your Plugin or Site
WP-TLC-Transient library is not a WordPress plugin. It functions as a separate library that can be added to a site or a plugin, depending on your needs. While this is an uncommon practice in WordPress, it is very common in general PHP development, and is easily made, thanks to Composer.
Adding this library to your site or plugin requires adding: “markjaquith/wp-tlc-transients”: “dev-master” to your composer.json file. If you use composer, you can just include the autoload file it generates, and the library will be made available to you automatically.
Alternatively, if you choose to add the library using a Git Submodule or copypaste, you will need to make sure to include a file called “tlc-transients.php” in the library. This file begins by checking if the library's main class already exists, and if so it aborts the loading process. It's important to do it this way, opposed to loading the class file directly, as another plugin may be using the same library.
If you are using this library to improve a plugin for release, you will want it to be installed in a subdirectory of your plugin file. On the other hand, if you are doing development for a specific site and need to use it in multiple plugins, you might consider installing it in its own directory, such as Composer's vendor directory, instead of each individual plugin. If need be you can include the tlc-transients.php file from a mu-plugin.
Using the Library
Once you have the library included in your site or plugin, using it is incredibly easy. The first thing you need is a function to make the request itself. For example, here's a simplified version of the function I showed earlier, minus the caching:
function slug_get_from_remote( $param ) { $url = json_url( 'posts/' ) . $param ; $response = wp_remote_get( $url ); if ( ! is_wp_error( $response ) ) { $response = wp_remote_retrieve_body( $response ); $response = json_decode( $response ); return $response; } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 function slug_get_from_remote ( $ param ) { $ url = json_url ( 'posts/' ) . $ param ; $ response = wp_remote_get ( $ url ) ; if ( ! is_wp_error ( $ response ) ) { $ response = wp_remote_retrieve_body ( $ response ) ; $ response = json_decode ( $ response ) ; return $ response ; } }
Now, instead of calling this function directly, we are going to wrap it up in a second function using the TLC Transient Caching library:
function slug_cache_from_remote( $id ) { return tlc_transient( __FUNCTION__ . $id ) ->updates_with( 'slug_get_from_remote', array( $id ) ) ->expires_in( 600 ) ->get(); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 function slug_cache_from_remote ( $ id ) { return tlc_transient ( __FUNCTION_ _ . $ id ) -> updates_with ( 'slug_get_from_remote' , array ( $ id ) ) -> expires_in ( 600 ) -> get ( ) ; } }
The new function slug_cache_from_remote gets the value of slug_get_from_remote() and then caches it. It uses slug_get_from_remote as its callback, since we specified it in the updates_with() method. In that method, we pass the ID of the post to get to the update with callback function as the second parameter. That second parameter is optional, but if it is used you must put the parameter in an array, which must only contain one index.
After that first time, it returns the cache value for the next 10 minutes, since I set 600 seconds in the expires_in() method. The least method in the chain is get(), which returns the cached value or the value of the callback function if it is called directly.
Technically, we do not even need the function, we could use its contents directly. Wrapping it in a function allows us to set the transient name programmatically, and to avoid redundant code.
That's It
Using the WP-TLC Transient library is that easy. It's a wonderful example of how open source allows you to easily solve problems, while taking advantages of the work of talented developers like Mark Jaquith. Don't forget that while this article focused on caching responses from remote APIs, you can apply this design pattern to any computationally expensive function.
Josh Pollock started learning WordPress development when they were supposed to be working on their masters thesis, which ended up being about open source solutions for sustainable design and was presented in a WordPress site. You can learn more about them at JoshPress.net or follow them on Twitter @Josh412
Talk of the Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz being "depressed" appears time and time again on Friday's front pages.
"Suicide pilot had a long history of depression - why on earth was they allowed to fly?" demands the Daily Mail.
We still don't know exactly what happened in the final moments of flight 4U 9525. What we do know is that on Tuesday a plane was deliberately driven into the French Alps, killing 150 people.
Parts of the British media who have linked Lubitz's mental health problems to their actions are being accused of being "overly simplistic".
Three leading mental health groups, Mind, Time to Change and Rethink Mental Illness, have released a join statement condemning the "widespread speculation", saying it only adds to the "stigma surrounding mental health problems".
Paul Farmer is Chief Executive of Mind and told Newsbeat: "Everyone is trying to understand what happened in this terrible tragic plane crash, but there is a real danger that a correlation is being made between depression and this act, which is overly simplistic and has no evidence attached to it all.
"We all want to understand what happened. It's perfectly reasonable to take individual pieces of information that are beginning to emerge and come up with answers. The danger is that we can't possibly speculate about the individual's situation until we have more control of the facts.
"The impression which can be given is that somehow people with depression are dangerous, where as there's no evidence to suggest that's the case. There are thousands of people who work in stressful and important jobs who battle with depression and do their jobs very well."
#Timetochange has been trending on Twitter with high profile figures like Alastair Campbell tweeting their anger at the coverage.
Professor Sir Simon Wessely, President of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said: "We should be careful not to rush judgements. Should it be the case that one pilot had a history of depression, we must bear in mind that so do several million people in this country.
"Depression is usually treatable. The biggest barrier to people getting help is stigma and fear of disclosure. In this country we have seen a recent fall in stigma, an increase in willingness to be open about depression and most important of all, to seek help.
"We caution against hasty decisions that might make it more difficult for people with depression to receive appropriate treatment. This will not help sufferers, families or the public."
For more advice about mental health visit BBC Radio 1 Advice, where there is more information about where to get help.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube.
$\begingroup$
The question you begin with relates to predicting the stock market, but you seem to have broader concerns. I'll attempt to tackle your meta-question; apologies in advance for my sweeping generalizations.
As far as I can tell, academic computer science is far removed from the actual concerns of hedge funds and people who try to model and predict markets.
The current focus areas in algorithmic game theory are not obviously relevant to finance practitioners. In particular, worst case results are not seen as useful at all, and average case analysis based on artificial distributions seems largely irrelevant also. Yet the only way to obtain information about real distributions seems to be to actually engage in the market, updating one's information using a variety of learning techniques. This creates messy models that change dynamically and are not amenable to most types of analysis.
As an example, there has been a focus in finance on understanding the microstructure of trades. Market microstructure is an emergent property of the specific low-level market mechanisms that are in place, such as how frequently pending trades are matched, what information traders believe exists in the order book, techniques used to obfuscate that information, the roll-back mechanisms in place, contractual arrangements relating to settling trades, network latency in receiving updates about the current state of the order book, and many other factors. Market microstructure is a highly reflexive system, so the clean models typical of TCS seem beyond reach.
The market design community is trying to tackle questions like this (for instance see Huang and Stoll and the recent Kirilenko et al. paper on the flash crash), but they do not seem to have much interaction with TCS.
Finance has become increasingly complex as IT has pervaded markets. This means that most markets now consist of multiple interlocking systems which it may not be possible to meaningfully model separately. In addition, as markets move closer to continuous trading, I am not sure the TCS lens of computation is currently all that useful in finance; control theory, graphical models, fluid dynamics, and many other areas of applied mathematics seem more directly useful.
TCS methods could well be useful, but one needs to expend effort to understand what happens in finance, to find a place to apply the lever, and to acquire an appropriate mathematical toolkit. Personally I would like to see more work along the lines of Arora/Barak/Brunnermeier/Ge, which engage with deep questions. For instance, does adding more degrees of freedom to financial systems lead to good outcomes for the users of these systems? Or does adding complexity mainly serve to help intermediaries set up asymmetric zero-sum games against the users? There is probably a neat complexity-based argument waiting to be discovered...
So in a nutshell: you haven't seen much TCS/finance research because it is hard to apply TCS to finance.
Ok boys and girls! I am going to do something I have never done before, open some commission slots for posters.
Every poster I make is hand painted on a piece of 18x24 inch mixed media paper. I send them in a hard cardboard tube to ensure they don't get damaged.
Let me lay down the way it is going to be done:
I will open 3 slots
Pony posters are $40
or
Pokémon for $30
I cover the shipping cost
If you are interested in getting a poster, send me a note.
Your note should include:
which Pokémon/pony you want
What you want the caption on the bottom to say (I don't need this right away)
Font (I don't need this right away)
any colors you would want (ex: background, font color, border color)
I look forward to making some posters for you guys.
Thanks,
IRL
So, Glorantha. I want to like it, but it feels so damn opaque. I picked up HeroQuest (the 2003 version; is this what folks refer to as HeroQuest 2?) a while ago with the apparent understanding that it was the more accessible tellings of the setting, but couldn't get anywhere. Now I'm reading through MRQII with an eye towards the Glorantha stuff that was released for it, but I'd like to get a decent grounding before I start spending money.I feel like I really need to have the setting explained to me from a really, really basic level (like "this is the world, here are the gods, these are the different cultures" basic), and then have all the other stuff piled on top. I know this can be difficult because there's a huge intermingling of geography, culture, and religion, but is someone willing to give it a shot?
WALLINGFORD, Conn. (AP) — Two former principals at a prestigious Connecticut boarding school have resigned as life trustees after a report that alleged teachers had sexually abused students, school officials said.
According to a spokesperson for Choate Rosemary hall, Charles Dey resigned from the position Thursday. They led the Wallingford private school from 1973 to 1991. Edward Shanahan resigned Friday. They were principal from 1991 to 2011.
All former Choate principals receive the life trustee designation, spokesperson Lorraine Connelly said.
“We thank Mr. Dey and Mr. Shanahan for their contributions to the school and we believe their resignations are important steps in our community's healing process,” they said.
The resignations come after Choate provided a report from outside investigators this month naming a dozen educators accused of sexual misconduct while at the school, some dating back more than five decades. Famous alumni include John F. Kennedy, Michael Douglas and Ivanka Trump.
School officials and the report said Choate officials didn't notify police, state child welfare officials or other schools of the allegations.
State officials have said they're assessing the failure of Choate employees to report abuse in a timely manner as required under Connecticut law.
Wallingford Police Chief William Wright said the statute of limitations for each case expired and no criminal charges can be filed.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Charles Dey was principal until 1991, not 2011.
THE SSE AIRTRICITY League added 2,500 ‘bums on seats' each month across the 2015 season.
That's a fact that the FAI revealed yesterday and it's worth celebrating.
Every time attendances increase, every time new fans come in through the gates, we should be positive.
We should also examine how increases are achieved, using that information to drive further growth. Importantly, we also have to acknowledge and understand where we fall down.
The FAI got the first part right yesterday, positivity about the increase.
However, the news was presented in a way that left lots of questions. It felt like spin rather than straightforward good news.
The FAI would rightly argue that pushing the positives is their job. Hopefully they're looking for trends within the figures to help clubs and further grow attendances.
We can break down yesterday's news ourselves, but with some difficulty. We saw a lot of percentages but only one meaningful figure.
There were “almost 375,000” individual visits to League of Ireland grounds last season, which was a 6.8% increase on 2014.
This is an actual increase of 24,000. This looks great, but we need to dig deeper and look at the context – where did the increase come from?
In a nutshell, most was due to a new club joining the league and a new stadium opening in Limerick.
Both once off events.
As usual, clubs that had something to play for at the end of the season were the ones reporting increases and that again will mask drops in attendances at other clubs.
As an example, Cork City publishes official attendances for all games so we know they lost 12,000 off attendances compared to 2014. However, this season they had one home League game fewer.
Much of the remaining downturn coincided with their title challenge fading.
The largest positive contributor was the addition of Cabinteely FC at the start of 2015. Simply put, it gave us 28 ‘new' fixtures which created a market and interest that the Shamrock Rovers B team did not in 2014.
Based on official club figures and estimates from extratime.ie, Cabinteely attendances at Stradbrook across 2015 totalled 8,500 with a further 5,500 at other grounds for Cabinteely's visits.
14,000 of the 24,000 are largely attributable to the addition of a new club.
Now that's not necessarily a negative. The seven-team First Division was unsustainable.
Cabinteely have added a lot to the league and maintained solid attendances throughout the season, even after the novelty of their first few games wore off.
While we can't just keep adding new clubs to the league, the Cabinteely addition has been a positive.
Cabinteely's home ground Stradbrook. Source: Cathal Noonan/INPHO
The biggest winners in the Premier Division were Limerick FC, with a 48% increase over 2014.
Rooted to the bottom of the league at Jackman Park, they averaged 580 over the first seven games of the season, which was lower than their 2014 average.
The Markets Field opened, fortunes on the field improved and the average jumped to 1,644, with a further 4,600 jammed into the ground for their play-off game with Finn Harps.
It's hard to estimate what increase is due to the Markets Field and what is due to their late resurgence, but Limerick added 6,000 to the cumulative league attendance this season.
In a nutshell, 83% of the increase can largely be attributed to a new club and a new stadium.
Which is fine, but it doesn't help forward planning much as these are such unusual events.
It's not a surprise that Finn Harps' and Wexford Youths' promotion push saw an increase in attendance, though the recorded increases of 77% and 62% respectively are staggering.
It's great that Youths and Harps have unearthed a latent support that they can build on as they move into the Premier Division.
Galway and Longford did in 2015, both recording increases from their First Division figures a year earlier.
Youth's highest official attendance in 2014 was 363 and in 2015 their promotion push made all the difference.
They averaged 345 per game over the first seven games of the season – no different to 2014 – however they averaged 623 over the next five before 1,321 turned up on the night they clinched promotion.
Over one quarter of their cumulative attendance came in their final two games.
The 5,213 attendance at Finn Harps' two home play-off games does not seem to have been factored into the figures. The 2014 cumulative attendance in Finn Park was approximately 5,400.
It really was a bumper year for Harps as regular season attendance rose by almost 5,000 in 2015.
These figures do mask issues at other clubs, particularly in the First Division.
If you look at the figures for Cabinteely, Finn Harps and Wexford Youths, acknowledge that Cobh Ramblers also increased attendances; you would expect a higher overall rise.
It must be a source of worry for the remaining clubs in the First Division who demonstrably had lower support.
Looking at the figures, the largest increases and biggest individual attendances happened when clubs had something to play for.
In Limerick, Galway and Longford's cases, the enthralling relegation contest kept their fans coming back. This strongly supports looking at a change in structure in how the league might run.
Not in terms of numbers of teams per division, but in terms of play-offs and maintaining a situation where clubs have something to play for as long as possible.
Owen Cowzer had a wonderful piece on the NASL in The Sun this week which highlighted how their play-off system was helping to increase attendances for all clubs.
It might be worth looking at again.
LSU Students 2014
Prominent business people in Louisiana are putting up money to push for a constitutional change to how the state sets tuition at colleges and universities. The matter is on the ballot Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016. (Photo by Brianna Paciorka, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
(Brianna Paciorka, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
A few prominent business people have put up thousands of dollars over the past few weeks to get the state constitutional amendment that changes who control college tuition approved by Louisiana voters Tuesday (Nov. 8).
The tuition issue appears as Amendment 2 on next week's ballot also featuring the presidential candidates. If approved, the amendment would move control of public college and university tuition away from the Louisiana Legislature and give it to the appointed boards that oversee each campus.
The business leaders, who mostly give to conservative causes and Republican candidates, formed the Excellence in Higher Education Ballot Proposition committee in mid-September to push for Amendment 2's passage. The group had raised $326,250 in cash and in-kind contributions and spent $304,000 on advertising, polling and administrative costs as of Thursday.
Most of the money and contributions for the Amendment 2 PAC are connected to Houston energy industry leader James Flores, Lamar Advertising executive Sean Reilly, Cajun Industries founder Lane Grigsby and former Bollinger Shipyards executive Boysie Bollinger. Three of the men live in Louisiana. Flores has been based in Houston but grew up in Lafayette and attended LSU.
The PAC has spent its money on digital advertising and a recent television commercial running in the Baton Rouge market. Robocalls are also planned.
Louisiana constitutional amendments are on your ballot: Here's what you need to know Here's a rundown of the six constitutional amendments you will see on your ballot Nov. 8 and what they mean.
Supporters of Amendment 2 say the change would allow Louisiana's public colleges and universities to control more of their financial destiny and respond to market concerns. If it passed, for example, the LSU Board of Supervisors would be able to raise or lower tuition based on what peer institutions were offering -- without seeking approval from the Legislature. But critics worry it would cause tuition to skyrocket for many popular programs, particularly on LSU's Baton Rouge campus.
The rising cost of tuition is already a sore subject in Louisiana. Thousands of students who thought they were going to get to attend college without paying tuition on the TOPS scholarship are now having to cover a portion of that bill this year thanks to state budget cuts.
About $100,000 of the pro-tuition change PAC's contributions came from the Louisiana Flagship Coalition, a nonprofit set up in 2010 to support LSU and push for Louisiana's most prominent university to have autonomy from the state Legislature.
The flagship coalition is run by Reilly and Grigsby and has Flores and Bollinger on the board. Roy O. Martin -- a current member of the state Board of Regents -- is also involved with the group, according to the organization's tax forms filed in 2014.
Flores, the former head of Freeport-McMoRan, Inc.'s oil and gas division, also put up $100,000 of their personal money to push Amendment 2 on the Louisiana ballot. Reilly donated $67,550 worth of free advertising on digital billboards their company owns throughout the state. Bollinger Shipyards contributed an additional $5,000.
Other notable contributions included $5,000 from the University of New Orleans Foundation and $10,000 from Todd Graves, founder of Raising Cane's, according to campaign finance forms filed with the Louisiana Ethics Administration.
Three of the four men leading this effort are also some of the largest contributors to conservative causes and Republican candidates in Louisiana.
Flores spent around $2 million trying to get Public Service Commissioner Scott Angelle elected governor last year and has given to other Republican candidates. Bollinger is one of Louisiana's most prolific Republican fundraisers and is Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's state campaign finance co-chair.
Grigsby has also given mostly to Republicans causes, but their main focus has been to push for K-12 education policy changes -- namely school choice and tougher standards. They and their family spent almost $500,000 to get people who supported charter schools and new budget practices on the state Board of Elementary and Secondary Education in 2011. They also invested in local school board races in New Orleans, despite being based in Baton Rouge.
Reilly has given to both Democrats and Republicans, including former Gov. Bobby Jindal, current state budget chief and former Lt. Gov. Jay Dardenne, Gov. John Bel Edwards and New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu.
The business people are already significantly involved in LSU's fundraising and operations. The school's MBA program is named after Flores and their wife. Reilly is on the Board of Directors of the LSU Foundation, which raises money for the school's academic programs. Grigsby serves on an advisory board for LSU's College of Engineering.
Even though the people leading this effort tend to support conservative causes and Republicans, they have hired one of the state's leading Democratic political consultants to work on the campaign. Trey Ourso -- who mostly works for Democratic candidates and liberal groups -- has been paid $74,000 by the PAC to come up with a strategy and advertising campaign to get Amendment 2 passed.
Correction: This story initially said James Flores was the head of Freeport-McMoRan Inc.'s Oil & Gas division. Flores stepped down from that position in April and is no longer with the company.
Louisiana voters will decide who sets university tuition If the voters approve this proposal, it would permanently shift power over college costs from the Louisiana Legislature to the university boards.
. . . . . . .
Julia O'Donoghue is a state politics reporter based in Baton Rouge. They can be reached at jodonoghue@nola.com or on Twitter at @jsodonoghue. Please consider following us on Facebook at NOLA.com and NOLA.com-Baton Rouge.
Members of the hardline Islamic group, the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), stab an effigy of Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama or Ahok as they reject Ahok as their governor in front of Jakarta's city hall (12/1). REUTERS/Beawiharta
TEMPO.CO, Jakarta – Micbachul Anama, the chairperson of the Islamic Defenders Front's (FPI) consultative council, has asked President Joko Widodo not to wish the country's Christians a merry Christmas. Micbachul said the president would be deemed an apostate should they opt to do so.
“It is haram (forbidden for Muslims) to wish a merry Christmas, including for President Jokowi,” they told Tempo on Thursday, December 18, 2014.
Micbach claimed wishing a merry Christmas to Christians would make a Muslim an apostate for acknowledging the existence of another religion. They explained, according to the Great Dictionary of Indonesian Language (KBBI), Christmas is defined as the birth of Jesus Christ.
“So when there's a Muslim who says a marry Christmas, it means they congratulate (Christians) on the birth of Jesus,” they said.
In that context, they went on, wishing a merry Christmas to Christians had a serious impact on the faith of Muslims. “Whereas it is stated clearly in Islam that God is lam yalid wa lam yulad. God was not born and does not give birth to,” they said.
The country's largest Islamic organization, Nahdlatul Ulama (NU), meanwhile, said in contrast that wishing Christians a merry Christmas was an act of tolerance and would not affect one's principles and religious identities.
“This kind of mutual respect has nothing to do with faith acknowledgement,” said Slamet Effendy Yusuf, an NU chairperson.
RIKY FERDIANTO
Feeling nostalgic? You'll find building guides for my latest Lego® retro-tech models on this page. Just click the desired model to download the building guide as PDF. The guides are typically 15-40MB in size and may take a little while to download; also, depending on your configuration, the building guide may load in your browser rather than downloading to your computer.
RECENT ADDITIONS
COMPUTERS
MY OLD DESKTOP: DESK SETUPS
MY OLD DESKTOP: CHAIRS & DESKS
APPLIANCES
CAMERAS
GAMING CONSOLES
TELEVISIONS
MY OLD BASEMENT
STANDALONE ARCADE MODELS
These building guides are for personal use only. Unauthorized duplication, distribution and/or modification of these guides, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. The models contained within these guides are the copyright of Chris McVeigh, unless otherwise stated. Unauthorized reproduction of the models for resale, either in whole or as a building kit, is strictly prohibited.
Can't find something? Check the archives.
ADVERTISEMENT
Most of us have eaten food prepared by machines, said David Marchese in New York magazine. But Moley, a new, hulking robotic chef, promises something far beyond prepackaged, industrial food: "a high-quality meal made from scratch and cooked at home." The robot — a pair of humanoid arms that hover over a conventional stovetop — is designed to cook dishes by mimicking the filmed movements of human chefs.
(Courtesy of Moley)
In Moley's current version, culinary skills are still a bit limited. Ingredients and tools have to be laid out in predetermined places. But U.K.-based Moley Robotics says that in the future sensors will allow Moley to adjust to layout changes and that it will do prep work. So far, the prototype also knows only one recipe: a fairly tasty crab bisque. Moley is expected to go on sale by 2018 for around $100,000. "By then, it will make other dishes, presumably."
Men facing the brunt of the pressure from low oil prices int the Norwegian labor pool, government data show. File photo by A.J. Sisco/UPI | License Photo
OSLO, Norway, April 28 (UPI) -- The Norwegian government said Thursday the rate of unemployment for men nationwide increased more than a full percentage point as lower oil prices take a toll.
Data released from Statistics Norway shows the rate of unemployment among male workers increased 1.2 percent from the previous quarter to 5.7 percent, whole women showed a 0.1 percent gain.
"From the first quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2016 the number of underemployed men increased by 9,000, from 22,000 to 31,000," Thursday's report read. "In the first quarter of 2016, 14.6 percent of all part-time employed men were underemployed, compared to 10.4 per cent of the women."
Data gathered by Statistics Norway, the government's record-keeping agency, found total investments in oil, gas, manufacturing, mining and electricity for 2015 were around $28 billion, down 9.4 percent year-on-year. For oil and gas alone, the year-on-year decline was 11.8 percent.
RELATED Wood Group lands Azeri deals with BP
A labor force survey finds a decrease of 9,000 in the headcount for mining and quarrying, the industry dominated by oil and gas, year-on-year.
"These industries are dominated by men," the report read. "On the other hand, the number of employed persons increased by 28,000 within health and social work, an industry dominated by women."
A survey from the Norwegian government earlier this year said industry investments are expected to remain suppressed through the latter half of the decade, with levels expected to hold at around $22.5 billion for the next few years before a moderate uptick by 2019.
RELATED Schlumberger lands another merger
A trend line from Statistics Norway shows the rate of unemployment nationwide is at its highest level in 10 years.
First, a brief explanation of the glory of Rez. On the surface, it looks like a mere shooter. You control a wireframe avatar floating through a neon-lit environment, all the while blasting away at a variety of enemies. But instead of shooting in real time, you lock onto targets with a cursor and attack with waves of projectiles. Every enemy you hit produces a musical tone, and it's not long before you're creating a symphony of destruction atop the game's thumping electronic soundtrack.
Whereas most shooters focus on being as fast and hectic as possible, Rez is a meditative experience. Even when the screen is full of huge enemies, its methodical pace lets you drink everything happening around your avatar. While it's possible to get injured and die, it's more focused on enveloping you in its world than punishing you.
On PC, Rez Infinite looks better than ever, with support for resolutions up to 4K. That's something the PlayStation 4 Pro version of the game also offered, but the PC port can take full advantage of powerful graphics cards with better textures, anti-aliasing (which smooths down sharp edges) and more visual effects. You can also render the game at higher resolutions than your monitor -- for example, by forcing it to run at 1440p on a 1080p screen. That process, known as supersampling, makes Rez look even sharper.
While you could play Rez with a keyboard and mouse, it works best with an actual controller. Moving your character around with an analog stick is much more fulfilling than pounding keys, and vibrating controllers also let you feel the pulse of the game in your hands. I ended up using an Xbox One Elite Controller, but any modern gamepad should work too.
Like with the PS4 Pro release, Rez Infinite packs in the original version of the game along with Area X, an environment that lets you move around in 360 degrees, instead of just flying down a single path. The original Rez stages looked great on PC, but Area X, which is built atop the modern Unreal gaming engine, truly shines. The visuals are far richer, with more-complex models and support for bloom lighting (the extra bright effects that you see in newer games).
But even $9 an hour, the target that President Obama named and that New York will hit in three years, isn't enough to live on in New York City. According to a 2010 report prepared by the Women's Center for Education and Career Advancement, the "self-sufficiency standard" -- how much it costs to live without relying on government subsidies -- for a single adult living in the Bronx (the cheapest borough) was $12.56 an hour; for an adult with one child, that number jumps to $23.39 an hour. And it's worth noting that in the three years since that report, the cost of a MetroCard alone has jumped $23 a month. Further, Amy Traub, a senior policy analyst at nonpartisan think tank Demos, noted that the median rental apartment price in Brooklyn has gone up some seven percent in the past year alone.
Naquasia LeGrand works at KFC on 4th Avenue in Brooklyn and has been part of the fast-food campaign since before the last strike. They noted that even $10 an hour would not be enough to really live on in the city, but said that the victory nonetheless shows how much the hard work they and the others have put into organizing is paying off.
Republicans in the State Senate blocked a plan to index the minimum wage to inflation, which Traub noted means another fight over the same issue in a few years. But they weren't able to block a wage increase for tipped workers, though just what that raise will be determined by a wage board convened by the governor. Kink pointed out that the wage board will provide another opportunity for organizing, as tipped workers within the fast food movement, the growing car wash movement, and airport workers can press for better wages.
Perhaps the worst thing buried in the minimum wage compromise is a massive tax subsidy to employers who hire teenagers. "It's actually a subsidy to displace adult workers who have families who are raising kids so that they can pay teenagers less," Westin said, and Kink pointed out that their coalition fought to block it entirely, then to restrict it to small businesses, but now it will go to companies with billions of dollars in profit like Walmart and McDonald's.
To Westin and LeGrand, the problems with the minimum wage increase show the need for more organizing, for workers not to wait for the legislature to act. Union wins for workers in car washes and grocery stores, Westin noted, are proof that small businesses can handle paying better wages.
"I think that we're beginning to demonstrate the difference between what kinds of wins you can achieve from conventional politics versus the kind of bigger, bolder wins that are possible when there is a real movement," Kink said.
And Ruth Milkman, a sociologist of labor and academic director at the Joseph S. Murphy Institute for Worker Education and Labor Studies at the City University of New York, pointed out that wins on the legislative front provide momentum to the struggle in the workplace. "To be part of a campaign like this on the rank and file level you have to really believe that you can win."
RENTON – The old-guard Seahawks saw the planets beginning to align weeks ago.
If Denver and Seattle won out, then it would be set — a matchup of former longtime AFC West rivals in Super Bowl XLVIII on Sunday in New Jersey.
“To have two AFC West teams playing in the Super Bowl?'' asked former Seahawks quarterback Dave Krieg. “That's incredible. We played for how many years before that and now we are in the Super Bowl? We won our first playoff game against Denver and hopefully the first Super Bowl win is against the Broncos. That would be great.''
And among those who lived through the Seahawks' formative years, the Super Bowl matchup also instantly revived memories of a rivalry that was once as intense as any.
Receiver Steve Largent, who played from the Seahawks' birth in 1976 through 1989, said the two opponents that stood out during that era were the Broncos and the Raiders, the latter winning all three of their Super Bowl titles in that time.
“No matter what the records were, those two teams, if they played the Seahawks home or away, it was going to be an intense, all-out game,'' Largent said. “And often times, the way you played in that particular game — it didn't matter what you looked like the rest of the year. That was your opportunity to make everything right ... by playing hard and playing well in that particular game.''
Seattle and Denver were each member of the AFC West from 1977 through 2001, along with the Raiders, San Diego Chargers and Kansas City Chiefs. The Seahawks moved to the NFC West in 2002 when the NFL expanded to 32 teams. Seattle was moved as the league formed eight four-team divisions, four in each conference.
Sunday's game will be the first time two teams who were members of the same division in the AFC will meet in the Super Bowl (there have been a few games pitting teams who were each member of the same division in the NFL before the 1970 merger).
Of the four traditional AFC West opponents, the Broncos gave Seattle the most fits.
Though the teams have played just twice since 2002, Denver's record of 34-18 against the Seahawks is the most wins by any Seattle opponent.
“We just always had trouble beating the Broncos,'' Largent said.
The wins Seattle did get, though, stand out to Largent and Krieg as among the most memorable of their careers.
That includes the first time Seattle beat Denver after four straight losses, in the second-to-last game of the 1979 season, when Largent caught a 43-yard touchdown pass from Jim Zorn with 1:40 left to give the Seahawks a dramatic 28-23 win.
“Remember it like it was yesterday,'' said Largent.
They have the same thought about Seattle's first playoff win, on Christmas Eve 1983, when Seattle hosted Denver in a wild-card game. The teams split during the regular season, but Seattle dominated the third meeting, 31-7, which set up a legendary divisional playoff win at Miami the following week.
“It wasn't as big as it is now with Twitter and just the way the NFL has gone,'' said Paul Johns, a receiver who caught a touchdown pass in that playoff victory over the Broncos and is now the team's assistant director of fan development. “But that was a huge victory for the city and the fans and the team. A playoff win at home? Man, that was great.''
In fact, it was one of just two home playoff wins Seattle would get in the Kingdome.
Krieg and Largent, though, each have other, personal favorites.
For Krieg, their top Denver moment came in 1984 as a 10-2 Seattle team played at 11-1 Denver in a contest billed as a showdown for AFC supremacy, one of the first times a Seahawks regular-season game was the focus of the entire NFL.
During warmups, coach Chuck Knox told Krieg they had a plan to try to defuse the crowd early by throwing a bomb on the first play of the game to rookie receiver Daryl Turner.
“He was saying, ‘Let's try to quiet them down,' '' Krieg recalled. “I got so nervous, like a golfer thinking, ‘Oh, my God, I have to make this putt.' ''
On the first scrimmage play of the game from its own 20, Seattle snapped the ball without a count and Krieg quickly dropped back and chucked it about as far as they could. Turner caught it at the Denver 29 on their way to an 80-yard touchdown. That turned out to be the longest pass of Krieg's 19-year career that produced 38,147 yards and left them ranked 15th in NFL history. The play sparked a 27-24 Seattle win.
Largent's favorite Denver memories revolve around a pair of 1988 games, a sequence of events they say they are asked about more than anything else from a Hall of Fame career.
In the opening game of that season at Mile High Stadium, a Broncos team that had advanced to the Super Bowl the year before, met a Seattle team some thought could get there. Broncos safety Mike Harden decided to send a statement, leveling Largent on a pass roughly 20 yards downfield with a forearm shot to the helmet midway through the third quarter.
“I think Steve was out before they hit the ground,'' said Krieg, who had reservations about the play when it was called, noting that Harden, like Largent, was on the short side of the field.
Krieg feels bad to this day, “You're not ever supposed to lead the receiver into the defender like that,” they said. “That one was on me a little bit.''
Harden was not penalized on the play, but was later fined $5,000. Krieg and Largent wonder how much more Harden would have been fined today.
Largent suffered a concussion and broke two teeth, but didn't miss any games and vowed revenge.
Their chance came early in the second quarter when the teams met at the Kingdome in the second-to-last game of the 1988 season with the AFC West lead on the line.
A Krieg pass intended for Brian Blades was picked off in the end zone by Harden, who turned and began weaving their way across the field.
As Harden passed the 20, Largent caught up to them and laid their shoulder into their side, not only flattening Harden but jarring the ball loose. Largent recovered at the 26 as the Kingdome erupted.
“From the moment they intercepted the ball on the other side of the end zone until I hit him, I knew exactly who it was and I was trying to hit them as hard as I possibly could,'' Largent said. “I always say, in my mind that's the greatest play I had — the hit I put on Harden.”
Seattle, ahead 14-7 at the time, went on to win 42-14.
“It was just perfectly lined up,'' says Johns of the memorable sequence. “Any receiver would dream about being able to get that kind of hit, and not only that but to make the guy fumble and the guys' feet go over their head and you recover the fumble? You can't write a script any better than that.''
Now it's time to add another chapter on the biggest stage the NFL offers.
Bob Condotta: 206-515-5699 or bcondotta@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @bcondotta.
“Flexible” and “targeted” regulations of so-called “sharing economy” services like Uber and Airbnb may be necessary, the head of the Federal Trade Commission said Friday.
In a speech at Fordham University Law School, FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez warned that imposing “legacy regulations on new business models” can stifle competition and ultimately leaves consumers worse off. But, they said, regulators shouldn't shy away from enforcing important consumer protections on issues like health, safety, or privacy.
“We must allow competition and innovation in the form of these new peer-to-peer business models to flourish,” Ramirez said, according to a copy of their remarks. “At the same time, where necessary, targeted regulatory measures may be needed to ensure that these new business models have appropriate consumer protections; but they should be no greater than necessary to address those concerns.”
Any new regulations might not necessarily come from the FTC itself. While the commission does have authority over issues like privacy and data security, it also offers advice to state and local agencies on how to impose regulations without hurting competition.
Ramirez's speech is the latest tentative attempt by policymakers to try to grapple with the explosion of “sharing economy” (also known as “peer-to-peer” or “on demand”) apps that can connect buyers and sellers with the push of a button. The FTC held a workshop on the services in June and has been sifting through public comments.
Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar allow users to request a car ride; Airbnb allows users to book rooms from other users; and TaskRabbit allows users to hire someone to complete a small job or task. But the services have come under fire from local regulators around the world, and incumbent industries like taxi drivers and hotels have accused the start-ups of having an unfair advantage by ignoring costly regulations. Uber, for example, has been banned in a number of cities, and its executives are facing criminal charges in France.
Ramirez argued that existing regulatory schemes can “entrench” old business models and prevent consumers from accessing exciting new services. And they warned that agencies can be unduly influenced or even controlled by the incumbent industries they regulate.
But they also argued that the government “picking winners” by applying regulations only to the old companies “should be just as undesirable.”
Finding the right middle ground, Ramirez acknowledged, is “complex and challenging” and has “no simple answers.”
The FTC chief's speech follows a hearing earlier this week in the House Energy and Commerce Committee's trade subcommittee, in which lawmakers struggled to find the right approach to regulating these new services. The subcommittee's chairperson, Republican Rep. Michael Burgess of Texas, acknowledged that there should be some “limited government oversight” of the companies. But they added, “I for one am more concerned about existing regulations hurting new jobs than I am about the need for new regulations.”
Sen. Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat, has argued that workers in the on-demand companies should get disability insurance and other benefits, but they have also called for a “regulatory time-out” to give the government time to settle on the right rules.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 9, 2017, 12:23 AM GMT / Updated Feb. 9, 2017, 12:23 AM GMT By Jacob Rascon and Sarah Amer
Big Spring may be just a small town in Texas, but when it comes to the size of its kindness, it's truly boundless.
Big Spring is just one of dozens of towns across the country where the so-called Blessing Box giving effort has thrived, gaining national attention at a time of polarizing headlines. The simple cardboard boxes are filled with donated, free nonperishable foods and personal hygiene products, and then they're placed in random locations in towns from Oklahoma to Kansas.
The idea is that anyone walk by who may be struggling can use the goods to make ends meet and get through the day. No one exactly knows how the idea was hatched.
Desperate to find a way to help their community, insurance salesperson Eric Escamilla was inspired to build a blessing box in Box Spring after reading about a similar project in another city.
"It's time to stop having ideas about how to help other people. It's time to actually help other people," Escamilla said.
Related: Chef Bruno Continues Mission to Feed Children After Fire Destroys Restaurant
In less than a month, Box Spring has gone from Escamilla's one blessing box to having more than a dozen. Neighbors, inspired to join the movement, have set up their own boxes so they, too, can help bless the lives of those in need.
A 'blessing box' in Big Spring, Texas. NBC News
"That's what I wanted to do!" Escamilla said. "Let's move together as a community. Let's change this city as a whole."
Escamilla encourages people to donate whatever they can — whether it's a can of beans or a bag of diapers. Anyone can play a part in paying it forward and alleviating the financial stresses of those around them.
A mother who frequents the blessing boxes to help feed their children said: "Just to feed the kids for that day or something for the next — it really helps a lot. I tell them this is for us and for anybody and they don't have to feel shame or anything."
The small acts of kindness are creating ripples not only in Box Spring but across the United States, showing people how something as simple as a canned good can make a difference in a family's life that day.
Coral propagation in progress at Maya bay
Island landscape
Maya Bay Beach
Ko Phi Phi Le or Ko Phi Phi Leh (Thai: เกาะพีพีเล, RTGS: ko phiphi le, pronounced [kɔ̀ʔ pʰīː.pʰīː lēː]) is an island of the Phi Phi Archipelago, in the Strait of Malacca. It is in Krabi Province of Thailand and is part of Hat Noppharat Thara–Mu Ko Phi Phi National Park[1]
Geography [ edit ]
Maya Bay
Ko Phi Phi Le, 6.6 km2 in area,[2] is the second largest island of the archipelago, the largest being Ko Phi Phi Don. The island consists of a ring of steep limestone hills surrounding two shallow bays, Maya Bay and Loh Samah. During low tide, Maya Bay cannot be accessed directly from the sea via boat, due to shallow waters and coral. Boats must anchor at the deeper Loh Samah, requiring people to walk through a short section of rocks and jungle to reach Maya Bay itself. There is also one large shallow fjord-like inlet called Pi Ley with a small coral reef at the entrance. Maya Bay harbors bioluminescent plankton.[3]
Tourism [ edit ]
Hat Noppharat Thara-Mu Ko Phi Phi Marine National Park as a whole, from October 2015 to May 2016 generated revenues of 362 million baht from 1.2 million tourists, 77 percent foreign.[4]
Environmental issues [ edit ]
Maya Bay
Boats in the bay of the island
Longtail boats, Maya Bay
Speedboats, Maya Bay
Maya Bay
Controversy arose regarding the 1999 production of the film The Beach, released February 2000, due to 20th Century Fox bulldozing and landscaping the natural beach setting of Ko Phi Phi Le to make it more "paradise-like". The production altered some sand dunes and cleared some coconut trees and grass to widen the beach. Fox set aside a fund to reconstruct and return the beach to its natural state. Nevertheless, lawsuits were filed as many believed the damage to the ecosystem is permanent and restoration attempts failed.
The lawsuits dragged on for years. In 2006, Thailand's supreme court upheld an appeals court ruling that the filming had harmed the environment and ordered that damage assessments be made. Defendants in the case included 20th Century Fox and some Thai government officials.[5]
The Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation claims to be investigating ways to control tourist numbers amid concerns that visitors are destroying the environment at marine tourism spots. The move was prompted by marine scientist Thon Thamrongnawasawat, who posted photos of large numbers of low-season tourists packed onto small Maya Beach. According to Mr Thon, during low season 2016, about 5,000 tourists a day crowd onto Maya beach, which is just 250 metres long and 15 metres wide. The beach has 14 available toilets. Tourists are worth 1.6 million baht a day to the park. Thon said that state agencies were running campaigns to drum up tourist numbers with no regard for the environment's carrying capacity.[4]
In March 2018 Thai authorities announced that Maya Beach would be closed to tourists for four months to allow it to recover from environmental damage due to excessive visitor numbers.[6] The beach receives an estimated 5,000 visitors per day, while 200 boats per day set anchor in the bay. Surveys by marine biologists have found that 80 percent of the coral reefs surrounding the bay have been destroyed by boat traffic and pollution; marine life is virtually nonexistent as a result.[7] When Maya Beach reopens visitor numbers will be limited to 2,000 people per day and boats will have to dock outside the bay.[6] The government will spend 100 million baht to construct a boat parking zone and floating pier to receive tourists. It will use an online ticketing system to manage sales and income from entry fees.[8]
In June 2018, work on coral rehabilitation is initiated by the Marine National Park Operation Center 3 based in Trang. The coral rehabilitation system and methodology is obtained from Ocean Quest Global. Local non-governmental organizations like Reef Guardian Thailand also lend their hands in the restoration efforts. By February 2019, over 15,000 corals from several local species has been propagated in the bay. The system of rehabilitation is fully organic and no artificial or human-made materials is introduced in the coral rehabilitation project. It is the largest coral rehabilitation project in the world that uses only natural means.
On October 1, 2018, the Thai Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation announced that Maya Beach would be closed indefinitely, because tests performed during the four month closure earlier in the year found the ecological damage to be far more extensive than previously thought. The director of the office, Songtam Suksawang, said that the beach "was completely destroyed, along with the plants which covered it," and that reopening would not occur until the ecosystem "fully recovers to a normal situation."[9]
In December 2018, it was reported that blacktip reef sharks were seen swimming close to Maya Bay's beach. The bay was closed to tourism in June due to the damage caused by mass tourism. Marine biologists took the return of the sharks as a positive signal that the tourist ban was allowing the ecosystem to heal.[10]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Uruguay is facing criticism, as the UN's drug body, supporting the International Narcotics Control Board (INCB), lashed out at the country for allegedly breaking international law, after it legalized the consumption and growing of the plant on Tuesday.
“Uruguay is breaking the international conventions on drug control with the cannabis legislation approved by its congress,” said the INCB, citing several reasons why it thinks Uruguay has made a mistake, among them the purported health risks associated with the plant's use, the drug body said on its website.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalize both the sale and production of marijuana. President Jose Mujica has championed the measure as a way of combating the illegal drug industry that has decimated parts of Uruguay.
Under the new law, production of small amounts, as well as consumer clubs – both under strict supervision of the government – will also be permitted.
The country's parliament passed the bill with a vote of 16 to 13. Senator Alberto Couriel, a member of the ruling Broad Front left-wing coalition, called the passing of the bill "a historic day" for Uruguay.
The INCB, who struck out against the new measure, is essentially an independent organization for promoting international compliance with the existing conventions on drug control.
Raymond Yans, its president, in reference to the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, to which the Latin American state is a party, told Montevideo that they were “surprised” by the government “knowingly deciding to break the universally agreed and internationally endorsed provisions of the treaty.”
The asupervisorstioned act only allows marijuana use for medical or scientific purposes.
They also said that the long held conviction that legalization may lead to reduced crime rates is based on “rather precarious and unsubstantiated assumptions,” adding that the new measure “will not protect young people, but rather have the perverse effect of encouraging early experimentation, lowering the age of first use, and thus contributing to…earlier onset of addiction and other disorders.”
It should be noted here that no actual evidence of physical addiction to the plant has ever been found.
Uruguay's Tuesday move likewise provoked the UNODC to come out with criticism: "It is unfortunate that, at a time when the world is engaged in an ongoing discussion on the world drug problem, Uruguay has acted ahead of the special session of the UN General Assembly planned for 2016," said the drug office's spokesperson, David Hodge.
Senator Roberto Conde of the ruling leftist Broad Front party, presenting the bill said that “the war against drugs has failed,” adding that the new measure is an “unavoidable response”.
Uruguay's initiative to become the first nation to legalize and oversee the production and sale of the plant has become a sort of social experiment that promises to be closely watched by the world.
Across Latin America, countries watch closely, as the idea of legalizing softer drugs is spreading across a continent troubled by much harder substances and the crime related to their production, use and trafficking.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday reprimanded those constructing illegal religious structures on public places and roads, calling the act an "insult to the God." It reproached states and Union Territories for failing to submit reports on action taken to remove such encroachment, said the Indian Express.
A petition moved in 2006 had led the apex court to direct states and UTs to remove unauthorised constructions, including places of worship, from roads and public places. However, the orders have apparently been overlooked consistently over a decade.
"God never intended to obstruct the path. But you are obstructing the path. It is an insult to the God," a bench of Justices V Gopala Gowda and Arun Mishra was quoted as saying by IE.
Seemingly miffed with several of its directives ordering a demolition of these structures being put in cold storage by states and UTs, the bench asked if any respect existed for the country's top court. The bench said such scant respect would force the court to call for the chief secretaries of the states and UTs to be personally answerable for the inaction.
"We don't appreciate this type of attitude", the PTI quoted one of the judges as saying. It said the court was stopped from giving orders to have the secretaries summoned when the counsels appearing for many states requested a little time more for filing an affidavit.
Posting the matter for second week of May for further hearing, the bench held that any further non-compliance of the directions passed by it would mean the secretaries would have to appear personally to give an explanation.
Galatasaray have won the Turkish title a record 20 times
Galatasaray have been suspended from European competition for a year for breaching financial fair play rules, Uefa has confirmed.
The club will be excluded from the Champions League or Europa League if they qualify this season or next.
European football's governing body said in January that the Turkish champions had broken regulations on the level of financial losses allowed.
The Istanbul club is currently fifth in Turkey's Super League.
Finishing in that position would leave Galatasaray outside the qualifying places for next season's Champions League and Europa League.
The 2000 Uefa Cup winners have played in the Champions League for the past four seasons, going out at the group stage of this season's competition.
They dropped into the Europa League but lost to Lazio at the last-32 stage.
Galatasaray official Iskender Baydar said that club directors are "examining the text of the decision" and will issue a statement later.
With its minimal no-nonsense design coupled with powerful technology, Google Chrome has made surfing the web easier and safer. I spend roughly 95% of my day working out of the Google Chrome Web Browser, so I've spent a lot of time researching the best Google Chrome Extensions to streamline my workflow. Here are just a fraction of the great Extensions you can download:
Who's got time to read every single interesting thing on the web? You could be reading for hours! With tl;dr you can read human-written summaries of the web page or post you're looking at. This saves tons of time and energy. Keep up to date with the latest trends and data. If you've got the time you can add your own summary.
Don't you hate opening new tabs to access all of your favourite Google apps? Now you don't have to thanks to “Black Menu for Google” Chrome extension! Black Menu for Google gives you quick access to all your favourite Google services in one convenient drop-down menu. This is the easiest way to access the Google Universe.
If you're a research fiend like me, then you probably have billions of tabs open in your Google Chrome Web Browser. Use OneTab to collapse all your open tabs into one concise page and save up to 95% memory and reduce tab clutter.
Speaking of open tabs. Opening tabs in your Google Chrome browser doesn't have to be boring. Thanks to this excellent Google Chrome Extension, every time you open a tab, a Tabby Cat pops up! Sometimes you're lucky and get a present in the goodie bag like a pair of glasses or a hat. Opening tabs has never been so cute!
I take a lot of screenshots for the blog, or to send to my colleagues to illustrate a point. Taking a screenshot is one thing, but if you have to add some text or a couple of arrows to highlight a point, you're starting to look at opening multiple programmes for a relatively small task. Marker lets you take screenshots, but it does more than the usual screen grab. You can also add annotations and even emoticons and then send them directly through to Slack, Trello, Github and more. Huge time saver!
This is for all you're marketing fans out there, a Google Chrome app that gives you insight on how your customers are experiencing your web pages. You no longer have to load any other tools, just have this baby running in the background and let it do the work for you. You can do A/B testing - create two designs and see which one converts, Split URL testing; Heatmap which shows you where your “hot spots” are on your web page, and there's a reporting function so you can show your boss the hard stats.
This email management app is absolutely one of my favorite apps, not only can you track your emails to see when someone opened them, but you can pretend to be James Bond for a second, by hitting the “self-destruct” button so your super secret messages don't fall into the wrong hands. If you're too busy to deal with your emails, you can set a time for them to reappear in your inbox at a later date. Not only that, there is the bonus “Save and Share” function, where Mail2Cloud will automatically save your emails, as well as any attachments, as PDFs and put them in a specified folder in cloud storage where you can choose who can have access to the archive. This is great for saving space, we all know Gmail looks huge but it adds up after awhile!
If you're on an important deadline, or you're just tired of the notifications from your social media distracting you, get this app. Kill News Feed replaces your social media news feed with a friendly reminder to get back to work. It's simple and effective.
Don't you hate it when you've done a load of research on the web, meticulously bookmarking each page, and then later on you hop on to your work computer and you realize you don't have access to your bookmarks? No more! With this app you can have instant access to all of your bookmarks on one platform. You can even create bookmark boards to share with your team or publish on social networks.
We all know we should be super-careful about passwords. We should never repeat our passwords and never use obvious things like our partner's name and birthday. But admit it, with the five billion apps you've got going on, you're just using one or two variations on the same password you've had for years, am I right? Fret no longer that hackers will be after your info! Lastpass generates those impossible-to-remember-passwords that keep your accounts safe. It then stores the encrypted passwords in a cloud which you can access from any device. You only need to remember one password, the master pass for LastPass.
Want to know more Google hints and tricks? Be sure to read “The Ultimate Guide to Google Contacts”
Download it now
Happy Syncing!
An irate dinosaur wades in the Thames, coming eye-to-eye with Big Ben. A veiled lizard lady-detective and their cockney wife. A Sontaran butler, more used to battle than butlering. And a whizzing blue police box. Of course, it's Doctor Who (Saturday, BBC1). And, just in time for the independence referendum, he's Scottish.
Hello, Peter Capaldi! Welcome back to Saturday nights, welcome to the Tardis and welcome to shouting your lines. Here is the 12th Doctor, finally, the one a generation of children will think of when they cast their minds to the character (mine is Tom Baker). Are they any good? Their first word in this opening episode was "Shush", and for the most part, I was happy to do so. He's not bad. He's not bad at all.
As it's the opener, the Doctor is still something of a mess, psychically speaking. He's just been spat out by a dinosaur, and he's still recovering from regeneration.  They are confused by, variously, who their companion Clara (Jenna Coleman) is, what a bedroom is ("Who invented this room?! It doesn't make any sense; it's only got a bed in it!"), English accents ("You've all developed a fault!") and so on. Being a Time Lord, however, they have no qualms about the fact that they have arrived in the 1800s, stuck inside a dinosaur.
The dinosaur is not too important, though, which becomes apparent when it spontaneously combusts a few minutes later. The Doctor, taken home and forcibly sedated by Madame Vastra (the lizard lady), jolts awake and escapes through a window. From a bridge over the river, they watch the beast burn, noting the retreat of one figure, a man with half a face, who earlier in the episode had been all too happy to relieve Alfie – one of those chatty London types – of their eyes. After tossing out what may become one of their staple lines this series – "That is not the question" – the Doctor jumps into the Thames in pursuit. The game, Mrs Hudson, is on! (Wait, that's another Steven Moffatt show.)
Long story short, there was once an ancient race of something or other (the Doctor calls them "rubbish robots from the dawn of time") and now a lone relic of that race prowls London, harvesting bits and bobs from the human residents. A bit like a charity mugger then, only instead of a clipboard, this chap has tweezers, and a blowtorch for an arm. The crap robot is trying to get home, to "the promised land, to paradise". It doesn't exist, the Doctor tells them flatly, it's just a silly idea he's absorbed from all those human parts.
Is it fun? Of course it is. Lots of wild to-ing and fro-ing between Capaldi and Coleman, who have solid chemistry, though Capaldi has already ruled out the possibility of romance. "There'll be no flirting," they told the Sunday Times in July. The script supported this, forcefully. The Doctor asks himself: "Why did I choose this face? It's like I'm trying to tell myself something, like I'm trying to make a point." Back home, Vastra talks to Clara, who is still discombobulated by the Doctor's new appearance. "He looked young," they say of No 11. "Who do you think that was for?"
The clearest No Flirting sign comes in the Tardis itself, post-big adventure.
The Doctor: "I've made many mistakes. And it's about time I did something about that. Clara, I'm not your boyfriend."
Clara: "I never thought you were."
The Doctor: "I never said it was your mistake."
There are hints of the darkness in the heart(s) of the Doctor, such as when they abandon Clara in the robot's lair, and when they call Earth the "planet of the pudding brains". But they have time for jokes. "It's times like this I miss Amy," they mutter at one point, earning a sharp "Who?" from Clara. And they even take a swipe at my beloved Tom Baker on their quest for an outfit: "I need clothes ... and a big long scarf ... No, I've moved on from that – it looks stupid."
Lest we forget, though, the scheduling suggests a good chunk of the audience is made up of children. And I kept wondering: are kids enjoying this? I remember being terrified when I watched it as a child, but was there this much … other stuff? A fiery lecture on the politics of youth and beauty, delivered by a lizard? There was plenty here to thrill and scare and amuse, like Clara getting whacked in the face by a rolled-up newspaper, but I kept getting yanked out of the moment.
And while we're here, we might as well bring up Moffat's much-reported "woman problem". I cringed when the Doctor called out to the dinosaur: "Oi oi, big, sexy woman!" and mentioned that getting stuck in the Tardis, in the dinosaur's throat, is "mostly how I meet girls". I also hated it when they rescued Clara and mocked the robot for falling for their wiles: "Five foot one and crying – you never stood a chance!" Ugh, why?
This was a promising start, though. A proper rom com-lite farewell for Matt Smith, jokes about Capaldi's eyebrows ("They're crosser than the rest of my face!"), effective hints of the manipulative, knowledgeable Big Bad to come, embodied by Michelle Gomez – all welcome. Not bad at all.
WASHINGTON — Senators will still be able to talk and talk and talk, though for not quite as long as they have grown accustomed to. Legislation will still be mired in mucky procedural delays, though there will be fewer of them to exploit. And there is a glimmer of hope that rank-and-file senators will actually be able to do what they were elected to do: shape legislation.
Under new rules approved overwhelmingly by the Senate on Thursday, Democrats and Republicans agreed to take some modest steps to limit the filibuster and help break the gridlock that has rendered the modern Congress ineffective and inefficient. The measures passed in two separate votes, one 78 to 16, the other 86 to 9.
Senators who rarely reach across the aisle on much of anything these days found common ground in their disillusionment and decided on a compromise in which both parties will give something up.
The end result preserved one of the more peculiar aspects of the Senate. The majority will still not have absolute rule. The minority — currently Republican — will preserve its ability to force a supermajority of 60 votes to advance bills.
Alfred E. Neuman is the fictitious mascot and cover boy of the American humor magazine Mad . The character's face had drifted through U.S. iconography for decades (it appeared in the early 1930s on a presidential campaign postcard with the caption, "Sure I'm for Roosevelt") before being claimed by Mad editor Harvey Kurtzman in 1954 and later named by the magazine's second editor Al Feldstein in 1956. Since their debut in Mad , Neuman's likeness has appeared on the cover of all but a handful of the magazine's 550+ issues, distinguished by jug ears , a missing front tooth, and one eye lower than the other. Their face is rarely seen in profile; they have virtually always been shown in front view, directly from behind, or in silhouette.
Harvey Kurtzman first spotted the image on a postcard pinned to the office bulletin board of Ballantine Books editor Bernard Shir-Cliff. "It was a face that didn't have a care in the world, except mischief", recalled Kurtzman. Shir-Cliff was later a contributor to various magazines created by Kurtzman.[1]
In November 1954, Neuman made their Mad debut on the front cover of Ballantine's The Mad Reader, a paperback collection of reprints from the first two years of Mad. The character's first appearance in the comic book was on the cover of Mad #21 (March 1955), in a tiny image as part of a mock advertisement. A rubber mask bearing their likeness with "idiot" written underneath was offered for $1.29.
Mad #21 (third from viewer's left of the six faces approx. 40% down the viewer's-right side) First cover appearance of Neuman, on#21 (third from viewer's left of the six faces approx. 40% down the viewer's-right side)
Mad switched to a magazine format starting with issue #24, and Neuman's face appeared in the top, central position of the illustrated border used on the covers, with their now-familiar signature phrase "What, me worry?" written underneath. Initially, the phrase was rendered "What? Me worry?" These borders were used for five more issues, through Mad #30 (December 1956).
The character was also shown on page 7 of Mad #24 as "Melvin Coznowski" and on page 63 as "Melvin Sturdley". In later issues they appeared as "Melvin Cowsnofsky" or "Mel Haney". In Mad #25, the face and name were shown together on separate pages as both Neuman and Mel Haney. The crowded cover shot on Mad #27 marked Neuman's first color appearance.
When Al Feldstein took over as Mad's editor in 1956, they seized upon the face:
I decided that I wanted to have this visual logo as the image of Mad, the same way that corporations had the Jolly Green Giant and the dog barking [sic] at the gramophone for RCA. This kid was the perfect example of what I wanted. So I put an ad in The New York Times that said, "National magazine wants portrait artist for special project". In walked this little old guy in their sixties named Norman Mingo, and they said, "What national magazine is this?" I said "Mad," and they said, "Goodbye." I told them to wait, and I dragged out all these examples and postcards of this idiot kid, and I said, "I want a definitive portrait of this kid. I don't want them to look like an idiot—I want them to be loveable and have intelligence behind their eyes. But I want them to have this devil-may-care attitude, someone who can maintain a sense of humor while the world is collapsing around him." I adapted and used that portrait, and that was the beginning.
Mingo's defining portrait was used on the cover of Mad #30 in late 1956 as a supposed write-in candidate for the Presidency, and fixed their identity and appearance into the version that has been used ever since. In November 2008, Mingo's original cover art featuring this first official portrait of Neuman sold at auction for $203,150. Mingo painted seven more Neuman covers through 1957, and later returned to become the magazine's signature cover artist throughout the 1960s and 1970s. Mingo produced 97 Mad covers in total, and also illustrated dozens of additional cover images for Mad's many reprint Specials and its line of paperbacks.[2][3]
During Mingo's absence, Frank Kelly Freas rendered Neuman for Mad from 1958 to 1962. Mingo's total surpassed Freas' in 1965, and their leading status endured until 2016, when current contributor Mark Fredrickson became the most prolific Mad cover artist with their 98th cover.
Neuman has appeared in one form or another on the cover of nearly every issue of Mad and its spinoffs since that issue and continuing to the present day, with a small handful of exceptions. Two such departures were Mad #233 (September 1982) which replaced Neuman's image with that of Pac-Man, and Mad #195 (December 1977) which instead featured the message "Pssst! Keep This Issue Out of the Hands of Your Parents! (Make 'Em Buy Their Own Copy!)". Even when Neuman is not part of the cover gag, or when the cover is entirely text-based, their disembodied head generally appears in miniature form. The most notorious Neuman-free cover was #166 (April 1974), which featured a human hand giving the profane "middle finger" gesture while declaring Mad to be "The Number One Ecch Magazine".[4] Some newsstands that normally carried Mad chose not to display or sell this issue.
Conversely, the two covers that featured Neuman the most times were #502 (January 2010), and #400 (December 2000). #502 featured a human hand giving the "thumbs down" signal, while wearing a silver-spangled glove in the style of singer Michael Jackson. Each individual spangle, more than 300 in all, was a tiny Alfred E. Neuman face.[5] The cover of issue #400 was a photomosaic of Neuman's face, composed of more than 2,700 images of previous Mad covers.[6]
Neuman's ubiquity as a grinning cover boy grew as the magazine's circulation quadrupled, but the single highest-selling issue of Mad depicted only their feet. The cover image of issue #161,[7] spoofing the 1972 film The Poseidon Adventure, showed Neuman floating upside-down inside a life preserver. The original art for this cover was purchased at auction in 1992 for $2,200 by Annie Gaines, the widow of Mad founder and publisher William Gaines, and subsequently given on permanent loan to Mad writer Dick DeBartolo.[8] The image was copied in 1998 for issue #369 spoofing the hit film Titanic.
A female version of Neuman, named "Moxie Cowznofski", appeared briefly during the late 1950s, occasionally described in editorial text as Neuman's "girlfriend". Neuman and Moxie were sometimes depicted side-by-side, defeating any speculation that Moxie was possibly Neuman in female guise. Them name was inspired by Moxie, a soft drink manufactured in Portland, Maine, which was sold nationwide in the 1950s and whose logo appeared as a running visual gag in many early issues of Mad.
In late 1959, Mad released a 45 rpm single entitled "What—Me Worry?" (ABC-Paramount 10013), by "Alfred E. Neuman and Their Furshlugginer Five", featuring an uncredited voice actor singing as Neuman. (The B-side of the single, "Potrzebie", is an instrumental.)[9]
Mad routinely portrays Neuman in the guise of another character or inanimate object for its cover images.
Since their initial unsuccessful run in 1956, Neuman has periodically been re-offered as a candidate for President with the slogan, "You could do worse... and always have!"
Early image of the "Me Worry?" kid, from the early 1950s
Along with their face, Mad also includes a short humorous quotation credited to Neuman with every issue's table of contents. (Example: "It takes one to know one... and vice versa!") Some of these quotations were collected in the 1997 book Mad: The Half-Wit and Wisdom of Alfred E. Neuman, which was illustrated by Sergio Aragonés.
Neuman is now used exclusively as a mascot and iconic symbol of the magazine, but before this status was codified, they were referenced in several early articles. In one, Neuman answered a letter from a suicidal reader by giving "expert advice" on the best technique for tying a hangman's knot. Other articles featured the school newspaper of "Neuman High School", and a bulletin from "Alfred E. Neuman University". An article entitled "Alfred E. Neuman's Family Tree" depicted historical versions of Neuman from various eras. Since then, Neuman has appeared only occasionally inside the magazine's articles. A recurring article titled "Alfred's Poor Almanac" (a parody of Poor Richard's Almanac) showed their face atop the page, but otherwise the character had no role in the text. In a 1968 article, Neuman's face was assembled, feature by feature, from parts of photographs of well-known politicos, including then-President Lyndon B. Johnson (left ear), Richard Nixon (nose), Oregon Governor Mark Hatfield (eyes), and Ronald Reagan (hair). The gap in their teeth (which was otherwise the grin of Dwight D. Eisenhower) came from "The 'Credibility Gap' Created by Practically All Politicians".
Neuman's famous motto is the intellectually incurious "What, me worry?" This was changed for one issue to "Yes, me worry!" after the Three Mile Island accident in 1979. On the cover of current printings of the paperback The Ides of Mad, as rendered by long-time cover artist Norman Mingo, Neuman is portrayed as a Roman bust with their catch phrase engraved on the base, translated into Dog Latin—Quid, Me Anxius Sum?
Neuman's surname is often misspelled as "Newman".[10]
Neuman's most prominent physical feature is their gap-toothed grin, with a few notable exceptions. On the cover of issue #236 (January 1983), Neuman was featured with E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. The cover showed E.T. using their famous "healing finger" to touch Neuman's mouth and cause the missing tooth to appear. The cover of issue #411 (November 2001), the first to be produced following the 9/11 attacks in the United States, showed a close-up of Neuman's face, but their gap was now filled with an American flag. A text gag on the cover of issue #263 (June 1986) claimed that the UPC was really a "Close-up Photograph of Neuman's Missing Tooth".
Neuman also appeared as themselves in a political cartoon[vague], after Newsweek had been criticized for using computer graphics to retouch the teeth of Bobbi McCaughey. The cartoon was rendered in the form of a split-screen comparison, in which Neuman was featured on the cover of Mad with their usual gap-toothed grin, then also featured on the cover of Newsweek, but with a perfect smile.
Despite the primacy of Neuman's incomplete smile, their other facial features have occasionally attracted notice. Artist Andy Warhol said that seeing Neuman taught them to love people with big ears.[11]
In 1958, Mad published letters from several readers noting the resemblance between Neuman and England's Prince Charles, then nine years old.[12] Shortly thereafter, an angry letter under a Buckingham Palace letterhead arrived at the Mad offices: "Dear Sirs No it isn't a bit—not the least little bit like me. So jolly well stow it! See! Charles. P." The letter was authenticated as having been written on triple-cream laid royal stationery bearing an official copper-engraved crest. The postmark indicated it had been mailed from a post office within a short walking distance of Buckingham Palace. Unfortunately, the original disappeared years ago while on loan to another magazine and has never been recovered.[13]
For many years, Mad sold prints of the official portrait of Neuman through a small house ad on the letters page of the magazine. In the early years, the price was one for 25 cents; three for 50 cents; nine for a dollar; or 27 for two dollars. The ad stated that the prints could also be used for wrapping fish.
A live-action version of Neuman—an uncredited actor wearing a mask—appears briefly in the 1980 film Up the Academy which was originally released to theaters as Mad Magazine Presents Up the Academy. Mad later pulled its support from the film, and all footage of the Neuman character was excised from North American home video and television releases, although it was reinstated for the 2006 DVD release.
Neuman appeared occasionally in the early seasons of MADtv during sketches and interstitials, and briefly appeared in the animated TV series Mad.
A new article has just been published in Social Sciences – download here. Entitled “Sergei and the ‘Divinely Appointed' Stalin: Theology and Ecclesiology in Church-State Relations in the Soviet Union in the Lead-up to the Cold War,” it deals with material that I could cover only briefly in the book on Stalin. The abstract is as follows:
In contrast to the tendency to focus on political and social reasons for the rapprochement between the Soviet government and the Russian Orthodox Church, between Stalin and the later patriarch Sergei, this article deals with theological and ecclesiological sensibilities. One would expect such reasons from the side of the church but I also argue that they were important for Stalin's considerations and acts. Their deep awareness and intimate knowledge of the church, and active involvement and concrete proposals in the long interaction between church and state, were as important as those of Sergei. The article begins with a reconsideration of Stalin's period of theological study, which influenced them deeply and provided them with unique insights into the nature of the church. After this period, an intriguing path unfolds, through key categories of Stalin's thought thought and their effort—which was strongly opposed – to include the article on religious freedom in the 1936 constitution, let alone the definition of socialism (in contrast to communism) in terms of two biblical verses in the very same constitution. At the same time, the statements and actions of Sergei, already from 1927, were also part of the narrative, so the analysis moves between church and state until the meeting in 1943. All of this is crucial material for understanding developments in the period officially known as the Cold War.
And as a teaser, I quote part of the final paragraph, where Patriarch Sergei and then their successor, Aleksii, speak of Stalin in the following terms (I leave out the Russian here): Stalin, they write, is “deeply revered” and “beloved by all,” is a “wise, divinely appointed leader,” who had become so through “God's Providence.” Indeed, they express feelings of “deep love and gratitude” for their “constant, wise attention to Them [the Church's] needs.”
MINNEAPOLIS -- Their best players were Pro Bowl snubs last year. They have no outspoken stars like Richard Sherman, no catchy nickname like the "Legion of Boom." And the only time they've been on national TV this year was a game they'd probably rather forget about.
The Minnesota Vikings' defense doesn't come with much fanfare, and the group doesn't seem to ask for much of it. That could change soon enough, however -- because the Vikings' defense has become one of the best in the league.
Just two years after allowing a league-worst 480 points, the Vikings have given up the second-fewest points in the NFL, allowing just 154 through nine games. (The unit with the fewest points allowed, the Cincinnati Bengals, is the group Vikings coach Mike Zimmer led before they came to Minnesota.)
The Vikings are the only team in the league not to allow at least 24 points in a game this season. They allowed their first 300-yard passer when Derek Carr racked up garbage-time yards to get to 302 on Sunday, and they've only let one running back go over 100 yards since Carlos Hyde gashed them for 168 in their Monday Night Football season opener. And because of the defense (and Adrian Peterson), the Vikings are 7-2, leading the NFC North before a pivotal game against the Green Bay Packers this Sunday.
So why has the group been so good? Here are five things to know about the Vikings' defense:
Vikings safety Harrison Smith has proven to be one of the NFL's heaviest hitters -- just ask the Bears' Matt Forte. Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
1. They've got one of the league's best safeties: Harrison Smith didn't make the Pro Bowl last year, and wasn't even the first alternate. But they put up the numbers to go last year as the Vikings turned them loose, becoming the only player in the league with three sacks and at least three interceptions (he finished with five, tied for third in the league). This season, Smith has a sack, a forced fumble and an interception, and he's made a habit of lighting up skill-position players with clean, but vicious hits. They sidelined Matt Forte with an open-field tackle two weeks ago in Chicago, and decked Amari Cooper on Sunday, putting their shoulder into Cooper so fiercely that officials called a personal foul penalty before realizing Smith hadn't done anything wrong. "It doesn't hurt -- unless it's the receiver," Zimmer said. "We want our guys to be physical and give them a good shot but we're always trying to play fair and hitting them in the target zone. You know, Harrison's a big guy, and he's physical and tough, and he's going to get some of those shots."
2. Their coach has the admiration of Peyton Manning and Aaron Rodgers: Zimmer's scheme is predicated on heady players who know how their responsibility affects the rest of the defense, and while their players never seem to end the year with gaudy stats, their defenses are usually near the top of the league. In 16 years as a coordinator or head coach, Zimmer has led eight defenses ranked in the top 10 in yards (including this year's Vikings) and six ranked in the top 10 in points. That's despite finishing in the top 10 in takeaways just three times. Zimmer might not have invented the double-A gap blitz, where two linebackers walk up on either side of the center, but he's mastered it, throwing in corner and safety blitzes off the pre-snap look to keep offensive lines guessing. Earlier this year, Manning called Zimmer a "founder of the type of defense they run," adding the Broncos refer to the scheme as the "Mike Zimmer defense" when they see it around the league. And last year, Rodgers called Zimmer a "great football mind," after a Packers offense that had scored 50 points in back-to-back games managed just 207 passing yards in a win over the Vikings.
3. They get off the field: The Vikings are tied for third in the league in third-down defense, allowing opponents to convert just 32.2 percent of the time on third downs. They rank just behind the Rams at 32 percent. And in the red zone, the Vikings are almost as good. They're fourth in the league (just behind the Bengals), allowing a touchdown only 44 percent of the time.
4. They don't give up big plays: Opponents have managed only 28 plays of 20 yards or more against the Vikings this season, which is the third fewest in the league behind the Broncos and Buccaneers. The Vikings' blitz packages have forced quarterbacks to unload quickly -- teams are throwing in an average of just 2.38 seconds, according to ESPN Stats & Information -- and they've mostly neutralized deep threats like Calvin Johnson, Alshon Jeffery and Cooper. This defense isn't plagued by as many broken coverages as the Vikings' units of recent years, and the group tackles well enough to stop many explosive plays before they start. Todd Gurley, who had seven runs of 20 yards or more in their first five games, didn't manage anything longer than 16 yards against the Vikings.
5. They have a dominant nose tackle: When the Vikings signed Linval Joseph to a five-year, $31.25 million deals in March 2014, it seemed like a sensible signing that filled a need for their defense. But now that Joseph is in their second year in the system, having moved beyond an uneven 2014 season that began with them missing the preseason after getting hit in the leg by a stray bullet in a nightclub incident, he's turned into a force. They were named the NFC Defensive Player of the Week after recording 10 tackles (three for loss) and a sack against the Rams, and they followed it up with eight tackles and a sack on Sunday against the Raiders. Zimmer has said Joseph might be the best nose tackle he's ever had, and the 27-year-old is putting together a Pro Bowl bid. "He's been very, very physical. He's starting to get a lot more double-teams now obviously because of the way they play," Zimmer said. "He does an awful lot of dirty work and doesn't necessarily get the recognition -- I know he's getting more now. They don't really care about getting recognition, I don't believe. They just wants to win and help their buddies to play good and keep linebackers free and if they fall into a sack here or there, he's excited about it."
When WME-IMG purchased the UFC last year, rumors swirled that they would cut back on the number of events the promotion put on in 2017.
However, according to multiple sources, that isn't the case. While early schedules are very much subject to change, MMA Fighting has confirmed the promotion's current plan for this year. Here's how it looks at the moment:
13 pay-per-views (11 in the United States, 1 in Canada, 1 in Brazil).
Four “big” Fox shows.
16 FS1 “Fight Night” events.
Two TUF Finales.
Six Fight Pass cards.
Events by region: United States (23), Canada (3), Latin America (2), Brazil (3), Asia (3), Australia (2), Europe/Middle East/Africa (5).
41 Total events.
For the record, the UFC also held 41 events in both 2016 and 2015. In 2014, they held 46 events.
Some other notes of interest:
UFC on FOX 24 is currently scheduled to take place at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, MO on April 15, which would mark the promotion's debut in Kansas City. That was first reported by CagePages.com.
UFC 212 is currently scheduled to take place June 3 in Brazil.
UFC is once again planning on holding three-straight events during International Fight Week in Las Vegas: July 6 on Fight Pass, July 7 on FS1 (TUF Finale) and July 8 would be UFC 213 on pay-per-view.
The promotion is currently targeting Canada for UFC 216 on Sept. 9.
The year-end show, UFC 220, is currently scheduled for Dec. 30 in Las Vegas.
Many of the cities and venues have yet to be finalized as of now. Again, worth repeating, a lot can change over the course of the year, but this is the UFC's current plan.
In short, as far as events go, it's business as usual.
On the non-event front, the UFC recently informed its entire roster that come May they would be hosting them in Las Vegas for a two-day “Athlete Retreat.”
“We'll be partnering with WME-IMG to create programming addressing a wide variety of topics across sports and entertainment,” the memo stated. The retreat will be held at the company's new Performance Institute in Las Vegas, which is set to open in May.
Show full PR text
Report Date: August 23, 2012 at 10:18 AM
NHTSA Campaign ID number: 12V392000
Vehicle Model Year(s) Make / Model: 2012-2013 DUCATI / 1199 PANIGALE
Manufacturer: DUCATI NORTH AMERICA
Mfr's Report Date: AUG 02, 2012
Component: ENGINE AND ENGINE COOLING
Potential Number of Units Affected: 2,411
Summary:
Ducati is recalling certain model year 2012-2013 1199 Panigale motorcycles manufactured from March 16, 2012, through July 12, 2012. The exhaust butterfly valve bowden cable cover could melt or burn due to excess heat of the catalytic converter.
Consequence:
Melting and burning of the bowden cable cover could lead to smoke and/or fire.
Remedy:
Ducati will notify owners, and authorized dealers will the replacement old exhaust butterfly valve bowden cable cover with a new one, free of charge. Ducati has not provided a notification schedule. Owners may contact Ducati at 1-800-231-6696 or through their website at www.ducati.com.
Notes:
Ducati's recall number is RCL-12-006. Customers may contact the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's vehicle safety hotline at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153); or go to http://www.safercar.gov.
Report Date: August 23, 2012 at 10:18 AM
NHTSA Campaign ID number: 12V400000
Vehicle Model Year(s) Make / Model: 2012-2013 DUCATI / 1199 PANIGALE
Manufacturer: DUCATI NORTH AMERICA
Mfr's Report Date: AUG 02, 2012
Component: STEERING
Potential Number of Units Affected: 2,411
Summary:
Ducati is recalling certain model year 2012-2013 1199 Panigale motorcycles manufactured from March 16, 2012, through July 12, 2012. Screws that secure the steering damper to the steering head could fall out due to an insufficient amount of Loctite applied to the threads.
Consequence:
The steering damper can detach from the steering head which can lead to loss of control of the motorcycle, increasing the risk of a crash.
Remedy:
Ducati will notify owners, and authorized dealers will remove both screws, clean the threads, apply the proper amount of Loctite, and tighten to the proper torque settings, free of charge. Ducati has not provided a notification schedule. Owners may contact Ducati at 1-800-231-6696 or through their website at www.ducati.com.
Notes:
Ducati's recall number is RCL-12-006. Customers may contact the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's vehicle safety hotline at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153); or go to http://www.safercar.gov.
Report Date: August 23, 2012 at 10:18 AM
NHTSA Campaign ID number: 12V399000
Vehicle Model Year(s) Make / Model: 2012-2013 DUCATI / 1199 PANIGALE
Manufacturer: DUCATI NORTH AMERICA
Mfr's Report Date: AUG 02, 2012
Component: STEERING
Potential Number of Units Affected: 2,411
Summary:
Ducati is recalling certain model year 2012-2013 1199 Panigale motorcycles manufactured from March 16, 2012, through July 12, 2012 . Due to an incorrect assembly tolerance, the Uniball bearing on the damper rod eyelet could slip out of its seat on the Ohlins steering damper.
Consequence:
The steering damper can detach from its mounting point which can lead to loss of control of the motorcycle, increasing the risk of a crash.
Remedy:
Ducati will notify owners, and authorized dealers will install a special washer at the steering damper's mounting point, free of charge. Ducati has not provided a notification schedule. Owners may contact Ducati at 1-800-231-6696 or through their website at www.ducati.com.
Notes:
Ducati's recall number is RCL-12-006. Customers may contact the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's vehicle safety hotline at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153); or go to http://www.safercar.gov.
Vehicle Make / Model: Model Year(s):
DUCATI / 1199 PANIGALE 2012-2013
Manufacturer: DUCATI NORTH AMERICA Mfr's Report Date: AUG 02, 2012
NHTSA CAMPAIGN ID Number: 12V402000 NHTSA Action Number: N/A
Component: SERVICE BRAKES, HYDRAULIC:FOUNDATION COMPONENTS:MASTER CYLINDER
Potential Number of Units Affected: 2,411
Summary:
Ducati is recalling certain model year 2012-2013 1199 Panigale motorcycles manufactured from March 16, 2012, through July 12, 2012. The front brake master cylinder reservoir hose might interfere with the threading end of the reservoir retaining screw.
Consequence:
The front brake master cylinder reservoir hose might interfere with the threading end of the reservoir of the retaining screw causing damage to the hose, which could lead to a front brake system failure, increasing the risk of a crash.
Remedy:
Ducati will notify owners, and authorized dealers will install a cap nut and a washer at the end of the reservoir retaining screw, free of charge. Ducati has not provided a notification schedule. Owners may contact Ducati at 1-800-231-6696 or through their website at www.ducati.com.
Notes:
Ducati's recall number is RCL-12-006. Customers may contact the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's vehicle safety hotline at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153); or go to http://www.safercar.gov.
Vehicle Make / Model: Model Year(s):
DUCATI / 1199 PANIGALE 2012-2013
Manufacturer: DUCATI NORTH AMERICA Mfr's Report Date: AUG 02, 2012
NHTSA CAMPAIGN ID Number: 12V401000 NHTSA Action Number: N/A
Component: SUSPENSION:REAR
Potential Number of Units Affected: 2,411
Summary:
Ducati is recalling certain model year 2012-2013 1199 Panigale motorcycles manufactured from March 16, 2012, through July 12, 2012. The right and left swingarm shaft pivots can loosen.
Consequence:
The swingarm shaft pivots can loosen from the swingarm which can lead to loss of control of the motorcycle, increasing the risk of personal injury.
Remedy:
Ducati will notify owners, and authorized dealers will tighten the right and left swingarm shaft pivots to the proper torque settings, free of charge. Ducati has not provided a notification schedule. Owners may contact Ducati at 1-800-231-6696 or through their website at www.ducati.com.
Notes:
Ducati's recall number is RCL-12-006. Customers may contact the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's vehicle safety hotline at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153); or go to http://www.safercar.gov.
There have been marches, vocal demonstrations, petitions, and laws banning GMOs, but the US is still lagging in the ‘democratic' freedoms it has promised its people. Russia, on the other hand, has completely banned GMOs, placing a moratorium on their imports for 10 years. The nation rejects GMOs due to numerous dangers, while the US continues to allow Monsanto, Dow, Bayer, Syngenta, and their bullying kind to contrive a cold war on the American people.
The VP of Russia's National Association for Genetic Safety, Irina Ermakova, has said:
“It is necessary to ban GMOs, to impose moratorium (on) it for 10 years. While GMOs will be prohibited, we can plan experiments, tests, or maybe even new methods of research could be developed. It has been proven that not only in Russia, but also in many other countries in the world, GMOs are dangerous. Methods of obtaining the GMOs are not perfect, therefore, at this stage,all GMOs are dangerous. Consumption and use of GMOs obtained in such way can lead to tumors, cancers and obesity among animals. Bio-technologies certainly should be developed, but GMOs should be stopped. We should stop it from spreading. ”
Conversely, the ‘amber waves of grain' are toxic. They are loaded with more GMO chemicals than ever before, and our government supports this act of tyranny.
The US State Department and executive branch have been acting as marketing agents for the companies who are patenting the most basic seeds necessary for human survival. Hilary Clinton has been caught doing a one-woman campaign to support GMOs like some sort of despotic middle-aged whirligig.
Our elected officials plan to implement DARK (Deny Americans the Right to Know) Act, a bill introduced in Congress earlier this year, which if passed, will preempt state GMO labeling laws. What's more, president Obama signed the Monsanto Protection Act in 2013 after promising GMO labeling.
The seed industry has a global agenda, and it works its dark plan through the US.
Food and Water Watch recently found out just how deep and reaching the State Department's agenda to promote biotech goes.
Russian Television (RT) corroborates it:
“After US diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks showed that the State Department was lobbying worldwide for Monsanto and other similar corporations, a new report based on the cables shows Washington's shilling for the biotech industry in distinct detail. The August 2011WikiLeaks revelations showed that American diplomats had requested funding to send lobbyists for the biotech industry to hold talks with politicians and agricultural officials in “target countries” in areas like Africa and Latin America, where genetically-modified crops were not yet a mainstay, as well as some European countries that have resisted the controversial agricultural practice.”
Even our universities are in the back pocket of these biotech corporations.
“The annual $500 million budget of Stanford University's Department of Biological Engineering alone supports dozens of research projects for myriad commercial applications.”
Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin says, “Russia must protect its citizens from GMOs.”
Fareed Zakaria once said that, “the Berlin Wall wasn't the only barrier to fall after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Traditional barriers to the flow of money, trade, people and ideas also fell.”
It seems ironic that in the ‘land of the free' we cannot democratically oust GMOs, and that our own leaders are now putting up their own walls that would deny us the right to know what is in our food.
February 16, 2017
On February 16 PA State Senators Lisa Boscola (D-18, Lehigh/Northampton) and Mario Scavello (R-40, Monroe/Northampton) introduced bipartisan legislation that would establish an independent commission to draw up Pennsylvania's congressional and state legislative district maps.
The bill would amend the state constitution to establish an 11-member independent commission with four individuals registered with the largest political party in Pennsylvania, four registered with the second-largest party, and three people not affiliated with either major political party. Commission members would not be allowed to hold political or party office, be related to those who hold office, or work for those who hold office.
A majority vote of seven would be required for a plan to win approval.
In their press release, (available here) Senator Boscola said:
We need an independent system where voters select their leaders, not the other way around. The current process invites gerrymandering, robs citizens of competitive races and spurs the kind of partisan polarization that has stymied legislative work in both Washington, D.C. and Harrisburg.
Senator Scavello affirmed the need for both parties to work toward this essential reform: “It is important that legislators on both sides of the aisle uphold a system of voting districts that best represents our citizens and the regions in which they live.”
The bill will be posted soon on the PA Legislature website.
Senator Boscola has created a page on their website to track progress and to provide a link to the co-sponsorship memorandum.
Tools for contacting your state senator as well as for finding out whether your senator has co-sponsored are available on our Contact Your Legislator page.
(CNN) British fighter jets have taken part in their first airstrikes in Syria, hours after UK lawmakers voted in favor of bombing ISIS strongholds there.
"RAF Tornadoes have just returned from their first offensive operation over Syria and have conducted strikes," a spokesperson for Britain's Ministry of Defense (MOD) said early Thursday.
The four jets took off from Akrotiri air base in Cyprus, targeting an oil field in Eastern Syria, the MOD told CNN.
More details on the operation are expected from the ministry later today.
Lawmakers voted 397 in favor of action and 223 against, following a 10-hour debate.
JUST WATCHED Kurdish fighters advance against ISIS Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kurdish fighters advance against ISIS 00:10
After the November 13 terror attacks in Paris, France asked the U.S.-led coalition to bump up the military offensive against ISIS.
Now that Britain has decided to expand airstrikes that it previously conducted only in Iraq, the spotlight is on the German Parliament, which also is expected to approve greater military commitment against the terror group.
The German plan would activate 1,200 troops in anti-ISIS efforts, but in a support role -- not direct combat.
U.S. President Barack Obama welcomed the British move and said the coalition would work "to integrate them into our coalition air tasking orders as quickly as possible."
British airstrikes
Prime Minister David Cameron kicked off the debate by saying that ISIS is a threat to the British people, proved in part through the beheadings of UK hostages in the Middle East and other atrocities.
"This is not about whether we want to fight terrorism. It's about how best we do that," Cameron said.
They said the UK faces "'a fundamental threat to our security" and posed the question, "Do we work with our allies to degrade and destruct this threat ... or do we sit back and wait for them to attack us?"
"This is the right thing to do to keep Britain safe, to deal with this evil organization and as part of a process to bring peace and stability to Syria," Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told CNN.
Hammond said the military campaign will have two stages: airstrikes to degrade ISIS capabilities and an eventual ground assault.
The airstrikes can begin "pretty much straight away" after the vote passes, they said.
In their rebuttal to Cameron, Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn called the Syria decision "one with potentially far-reaching consequences for us all, here in Britain, people in Syria and those in the Middle East."
Corbyn called for Cameron to explain "how British bombing in Syria will contribute to a comprehensive, negotiated, political settlement of the Syrian war."
After the vote, Corbyn tweeted that Cameron pushed for the Parliament vote after they saw opposition in the country was growing. Corbyn said a diplomatic settlement on Syria should be the goal.
Britain's Parliament voted in 2013 against UK military action in Syria. Lawmakers in the House of Commons rebuffed Cameron's call for a strong response to allegations the Syrian government had used chemical weapons in the civil war. Parliamentary authorization has only been given for UK military action in neighboring Iraq as part of the international coalition against ISIS.
German reconnaissance
German legislators on Wednesday were debating on an expanded commitment, deploying high-tech intelligence jets over Syria and northern Iraq to help other countries' forces pinpoint targets.
The Cabinet, representing a country known for its reluctance since World War II to engage in military adventures abroad, approved the military support mission against ISIS in Syria this week. Lawmakers must approve it, too, before it takes effect.
The measure reportedly has overwhelming political support, with only two smaller parties objecting. The vote is widely seen as a rubber stamping of Chancellor Angela Merkel's recent commitment to France's Hollande.
In addition to sending troops and equipment in a support capacity against ISIS in Syria, Germany would strengthen its training mission in northern Iraq, according to German public media news site Deutsche Welle.
Germany has not committed to airstrikes, and its post-World War II constitution hinders it in participating in battle on foreign soil.
JUST WATCHED U.S. to send more special forces to Iraq and Syria Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. to send more special forces to Iraq and Syria 02:17
U.S. 'special operators'
The United States has already been pummeling ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Syria. On Tuesday, Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the United States will send in a special targeting force to carry out raids against ISIS in Iraq.
"In full coordination with the government of Iraq, we're deploying a specialized expeditionary targeting force to assist Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces and to put even more pressure on ISIL," Carter said before the House Armed Services Committee, using another name for ISIS.
"These special operators will over time be able to conduct raids, free hostages, gather intelligence and capture ISIL leaders."
The force is in addition to the "less than 50" Special Operations Forces that Obama authorized in October to aid in the fight against ISIS in Syria.
Veteran Democratic US Representative Edward J. Markey beat back a challenge from Republican business person Gabriel E. Gomez today in a special election for US Senate in Massachusetts that was marked by its brevity and by low voter turnout.
Markey garnered 55 percent of the votes, compared with 45 percent for Gomez, with 99 percent of precincts reporting late this evening. Markey, 66, and Gomez, 47, were vying to fill the seat that Democrat John F. Kerry left vacant when President Obama picked them to be US secretary of state in December.
“I am going to the US Senate to build a bold and bright future filled with optimism and opportunity for every family in the state of Massachusetts and across our great country,” Markey proclaimed in their victory speech at the Boston Park Plaza Hotel.
Advertisement
They pledged that when they join the Senate, “I will seek consensus wherever possible. Like you, I am tired of gridlock. But I will never compromise on our principles.”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Markey spoke about issues they would promote as a senator, including increased gun control regulation, protecting “a woman's right to choose,” and a focus on rebuilding transportation infrastructure.
They also repeatedly touched on environmental issues. “I want to lead the effort to launch a clean energy revolution in our country,” they said.
Gomez said in their concession speech, “Sometimes you face overpowering force. I mean, we were massively overspent. We went up against literally the whole national Democratic party and all its allies.” At the same time, they said, “I offer absolutely no excuse for coming up short.”
“I'm proud to be an American, and tonight, even in defeat, I've never been prouder to be a citizen of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,” they said at the Seaport Boston Hotel.
Advertisement
At the Park Plaza, the room broke into applause, first scattered and then sustained and joined by cheers, as NECN-TV announced that Markey was the winner.
The loudest yell came from Lisa Rajczyk, who organized for the Markey campaign in Lawrence. “Yessss!” they screamed, as the results came in. They held their hands in the air in victory for a few seconds, a huge smile on their face.
At the Seaport Boston, Arate Pascucci, who worked for two Republican administrations in Massachusetts, said, “He did the best they could in the time frame they had.”
“He worked it,” they said. “I think he's a very, very good candidate. They have a future.”
The National Republican Senatorial Committee appeared to agree, issuing a statement encouraging Gomez to run again, saying they were “well prepared to win that marathon over the next 16 months,” apparently referring to November 2014, when Markey will have to defend their seat in a regular election.
Advertisement
Markey, who has served nearly 37 years in Congress, sought to portray Gomez as too conservative for Massachusetts. Gomez, who has never held elected office, described themselves as a “new kind of Republican” who would reach across the aisle in a hyperpartisan Washington.
Gomez had a compelling personal story as the son of Colombian immigrants who grew up to be a Navy pilot and SEAL and went to Harvard Business School before going into business. But their only previous political experience had been a run for selectman in Cohasset, in which they came in third out of three candidates.
From the outset, Gomez faced an uphill battle in the traditionally blue Bay State against a formidable Democratic political operation. Party leaders had vowed never to be beaten again after the humiliating defeat in January 2010 when little-known Republican Scott Brown won the US Senate seat left vacant by the death of liberal icon Edward M. Kennedy.
The Markey-Gomez race was an anomaly for Massachusetts, which has a rich history of spirited Senate races with big, clashing personalities and sharp arguments about the issues.
The race struggled to gain public attention. First, several high-profile names declined to run, including Brown, who lost a reelection battle in November to Democrat Elizabeth Warren. Then, other news events grabbed the media's attention, including the Boston Marathon bombings on April 15.
Some observers even suggested Bay State voters had a case of election fatigue, with tonight's election the third US Senate race in just over three years.
Not surprisingly, given the challenges, turnout was lackluster today as voters slogged to the polls in the third day of a heat wave. Turnout statewide was approximately 27 percent, apparently a record low, and well below the 54 percent turnout in the 2010 special election that propelled Brown to prominence.
In Ward 3, Precinct 3, in Somerville earlier in the day, Adena Schutzberg, a 49-year-old consultant leaving the polls on their bicycle, said, “The election was really annoying. Neither of these gentlemen said anything that changed my plan to vote. I really want this to be over.”
They voted for Markey, favoring their record and political alignment, if not exactly electrified by their vision or personality. “I'm a Democrat through and through,” they said.
Jim Dolan, a rare Republican in the precinct, wore a GOP elephant-print tie that they had picked up, incongruously, at the Jimmy Carter Library and Museum in Atlanta.
“I'm nervous. I'm supporting Gabriel Gomez today. Polls don't look good, but I'm hoping for a late surge,” said Dolan, a 29-year-old economic development executive. “Ed Markey's been in Congress for 37 years. It's time for a change.”
Eric Moskowitz, Stephanie Ebbert and Joshua Miller of the Globe staff contributed to this report.
ISLAMABAD: The Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) on Friday emphasised that the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) would remain the bedrock of non-proliferation regime as its annual plenary meeting ended in Seoul without any agreement on admitting the countries that have not signed the treaty.
The group said it would continue its deliberations on the issue of accepting non-NPT states in its fold, but did not elaborate how it intended to proceed with the consultations.
The participants “had discussions on the issue of technical, legal, and political aspects of the participation of non-NPT states in NSG and decided to continue with that,” a communiqué issued at the end of the two-day meeting said.
Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Italy, Romania, Belarus, Turkey, China, Austria, Ireland, Belgium and New Zealand oppose extending concessions to India
India and Pakistan are the two non-NPT states aspiring for the membership of the 48-member international nuclear trade cartel.
The absence of a consensus on the matter proved to be a major diplomatic setback for India and its backers US, Japan and some other Western countries, which seemed to be in a hurry to get India admitted to the group. The condition of signing the NPT — one of the five requirements for new entrants — turned out to be the biggest obstacle for developing a consensus on the Indian application.
Although the NSG agreed to continue discussing the matter, its assertion that “full, complete and effective implementation of the NPT” would remain the basis of the non-proliferation regime implied that any forward movement on non-NPT states would not be easy to bring about.
There were sharp divisions among the members at the plenary session with some insisting on adhering to the NPT condition, while a few others called for putting in place a uniform criteria-based process for new admissions, according to a source who had been following the proceedings in Seoul. And then there was a group supporting the Indian application.
Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Italy, Romania, Belarus, Turkey, China, Austria, Ireland, Belgium and New Zealand were strong critics of extending concessions to India.
Media quoted China's top negotiator at the NSG, Ambassador Wang Qun, as having said there were “many differences on admitting non-NPT members”. They described the differences as “a matter of principle”.
In their comments, Mr Wang clarified that there was “broad-based support” for adhering to the NPT condition.
Read: US put NPT condition for NSG membership, reminds China
“Dozens of countries share China's view that we need to discuss how we can go forward, how can we deal with non-NPT states as a whole, before taking up India's case,” they said.
However, in an attempt to hide its diplomatic embarrassment, the Indian side tried to portray that it was China alone that had been blocking its application. Different accounts confirmed that some of the countries that originally pledged support to India reneged during the meeting in Seoul. But the Indian External Affairs Ministry, in a statement without naming China, accused “one country” of “persistently raising procedural hurdles”.
In view of the differences, NSG members could not agree on consideration of individual applications and instead remained focused on discussing issues in general terms, according to the insider.
“The NSG haggled on the agenda and whether individual applications can be considered or not,” they said. “Positions were uncompromising, strong and bitter views were expressed,” they added.
Speaking about lobbying efforts by Pakistan, the source said its argument about strategic stability being a critical factor for achieving non-proliferation objectives had made an impact.
The Pakistani argument has been that the country-specific waiver given to India by the NSG in 2008 served the cause neither of non-proliferation, nor of strategic stability in South Asia. A key message has therefore been that South Asian strategic stability is a critical factor for achieving the object of non-proliferation.
“The need for adopting non-discriminatory and criteria-based approach tying Pakistan and India together, gradually gained acceptance with NSG participants,” the source added.
CORRIGENDUM: In Dawn's earlier report titled “India's bid to join NSG hits dead end” it was erroneously mentioned that Foreign Secretary Aizaz Chaudhry led a delegation to Seoul for presenting Pakistan's case on the sidelines of the NSG meeting. It was instead Pakistan's Ambassador in Vienna, Ayesha Riaz, who led the delegation to Seoul.
Published in Dawn, June 25th, 2016
It has been a jittery couple of months for the health research community, as the Trump administration has been casting about for spending to cut from the federal budget. In March, the White House threatened the National Institutes of Health with a $1.2 billion budget cut this year, followed by another $5.8 billion cut in 2018.
Some of that anxiety was just allayed — at least temporarily. In an agreement reached Sunday night, congressional negotiators said no to Trump's 2017 visions for NIH. Instead, they opted to increase the agency's budget by $2 billion (or 6 percent) for the second year in a row as part of a $1 trillion spending agreement that keeps the government going through September.
This is very good news for medical research in this country. It means the current set of lawmakers are carrying on with a longstanding tradition of bipartisan support for the NIH. It also means Congress wants to make good on the promise of the 21st Century Cures Act, a bipartisan law that aims to advance medical research and innovation though new funding and raised the NIH budget by $4.8 billion over 10 years.
As Axios's David Nather reported, top Republican appropriators, including Sen. Roy Blunt and Rep. Tom Cole, had pushed for the NIH funding increase — but it wasn't clear whether they'd listen to Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney and change their minds.
They clearly didn't. And the fact that lawmakers not only rejected the Trump administration's proposals but also gave the NIH a funding boost means we might not see the NIH gutting in 2018 that the Trump administration has been aiming for.
As House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement, "The omnibus [spending bill] is in sharp contrast to President Trump's dangerous plans to steal billions from lifesaving research.”
Here are some of the things the $2 billion increase will buy NIH:
A $650 million (or 430 percent) increase to fight opioid abuse
A $400 million increase for Alzheimer's disease research
A $475.8 million boost for the National Cancer Institute
Funding increases for two of President Barack Obama's signature health initiatives (which were also part of the 21st Century Cures act): a $120 million boost for the Precision Medicine Initiative and a $110 million increase for the BRAIN Initiative to map the human brain
A $50 million increase to combat antibiotic-resistant bacteria
“Increases to every Institute and Center to continue investments in innovative research to advance fundamental knowledge and speed the development of new therapies, diagnostics, and preventive measures to improve the health of all Americans.”
Why NIH escapes partisanship: it's good for business
NIH funding hasn't typically been a partisan issue. That's probably because the NIH delivers benefits to people on both sides of the aisle, such as medical innovations and jobs.
Researchers have found NIH funding “buys” us new patents for drugs, medical devices, and other technologies — and spurs the creation of new biotech firms.
In March, Science published a study looking at the impact of NIH grants over a 27-year period. The main finding: 8.4 percent of all NIH grants go on to generate patents — for new drugs, medical devices, or other medicine-related technologies.
The authors of the Science paper had previously figured out that “a $10 million boost in NIH funding leads to a net increase of 2.3 patents.” They estimate, roughly, that each patent is worth around $11.2 million in 2010 dollars. “A back-of-the-envelope calculation indicate that a $10 million dollar increase in NIH funding would yield $34.7 million in firm market value,” they reported in a recent NBER paper. Not a bad bet.
The Science paper's secondary finding is perhaps just as important: Grant money also has a carryover effect into the private sector. Around 30 percent of all scientific papers generated by NIH grants are cited by successful patent applications from private firms.
This means that even if a grant isn't directly generating a patent, it has a good chance of aiding the thinking behind the discovery of another.
There's also research that suggests government funding is better at kick-starting this virtuous cycle than private sector funding: NIH-funded patents are cited by future patents at double the rate of those developed by the private sectors, a 2014 Nature Biotechnology paper found.
What to look for in the coming weeks
Despite this bit of good news, the future of science funding is still in a state of uncertainty. We'll have a better picture of what to expect for next year when the Trump administration releases a full budget request this month. In that document, we'll see what funds will be allocated for the National Science Foundation, for instance. And we'll see where priorities are shifting in individual departments. How will changes at NIH effect research for individual diseases like Alzheimer's, diabetes, or cancer in 2018? We don't yet now.
Overall, the Trump administration is seeking to cut 10 percent of the nation's non-defense discretionary spending. The hard truth is that even if these proposed reductions don't make it through Congress, any reduction in discretionary spending is likely to cut into science. (One source of potential optimism: The Department of Defense, which Trump hopes to bolster, is also a major funder of university research.)
Whatever Trump proposes is going to have to pass Congress, though. And, again, there's a good chance deep cuts simply won't make it through.
Since the beginning of May, Essential Report has been asking their poll respondents about the firmness of their vote – a valuable addition to the matrix of polling information we can use, as it gives us a measure of sensitivity in the strength of the primary vote levels of each party. The responses show some […]
Since the beginning of May, Essential Report has been asking their poll respondents about the firmness of their vote – a valuable addition to the matrix of polling information we can use, as it gives us a measure of sensitivity in the strength of the primary vote levels of each party. The responses show some quite interesting dynamics – some being pretty obvious and expected, while others are more nuanced and complex. So today we'll chew the fat on on the soft vote.
To get the data, Essential asked the following question:
How firm is your vote? ‐ Very firm; Pretty firm but I might change my mind; Might consider another party and leader closer to an election; Don't know.
From these categories, Very Firm is is self explanatory, “Pretty firm but I might change my mind” is moderately firm, while “Might considering another party and leader closer to the election” is for our purposes here, the “Soft” vote.
If we look at the average of these responses over the last 8 polls, and break them down by party vote, this is what we get (we'll also add the primary vote averages):
Adding to this, we can also break the 8 week totals down into gender and age cohorts (click to expand).
What we see is that the Greens have a much higher soft vote than the major parties – or alternatively, more Greens voters may simply be open minded about their vote, or more Greens voters may simply be wishy washy – choose the definition that best fits your worldview here! 😛
The other noticeable difference in the numbers is how the Coalition has a much higher “very firm” vote than either the ALP or the Greens, and a lower “moderate” strength vote than either the ALP or the Greens. Yet this doesn't quite do the data justice. If we track the poll-by-poll voter firmness results across the period – firstly by Party, then by voter strength –we can see some interesting trends and patterns emerging.
Party by voting strength
Voting strength by party:
The first few weeks of May saw a pretty major change occur among those voters stating they had a very firm vote, with the Coalition experiencing a significant jump in voter strength while the Greens simultaneously had a considerable decline. Over that same period we also saw a decline in the soft vote for both major parties while the size of the Greens soft vote increased.
One of the interesting things about these movements is that they didn't coincide with any great change in the size of the primary votes of the three parties at the time – which through to the May 24 poll, came in like this:
So these May changes in voter strength levels weren't likely a result of voters shifting in blocks from one party to another, but appear to have come about as a result of something else. The RSPT – which exploded onto the news scene in that exact period – would certainly be a good candidate for explaining the behaviour of the Coalition's voter strength, but it's hard to see how the dynamics of the RSPT debate would have affected the Greens voter strength so significantly. Theories on this would be most appreciated!
One of the things worth doing is looking at how voter strength behaves as a function of the size of the primary vote each party is achieving at the time. What we would logically expect to see is a positive correlation – where the larger the primary vote a party receives, the larger is the size of it's soft vote as swing voters move hesitantly from one party to another.
However, what we actually find is a bit more complicated – which we can see by running a simple scatter and regression line for the three parties (click to expand).
What we find is that the Greens voter strength behaves exactly as we would logically expect – as their vote increases, those swinging voters that moved across to them from other parties increase the size of the Green soft vote. But what is a little unexpected is the result from the major parties where the exact opposite occurs. With the ALP and the Coalition, the larger their respective primary vote becomes, the smaller (on average) is the observed size of their respective soft vote proportion.
Exactly the same effect is seen when we compare the primary votes against the Very Firm levels of voter strength (click to expand).
Note – any dashed lines you see on these charts mean that the linear relationship is relatively weak in terms of its explanatory power (explaining less than 10% of the variation) and contains enough uncertainly that the regression lines aren't likely to be statistically significant (only indicative at best – for our purposes here). The solid lines however explain more than 10% variation *and* are likely to be statistically significant (I use the terms likely and unlikely here for statistical significance because we only have a small number of observations to work with).
As the Greens vote increases, the proportion of their very firm vote falls – which, as we saw with the previous chart, occurs as the soft voters move into the Greens primary vote column and dilute the proportional size of their rusted on base. However, with the major parties, we see the opposite effect again – where the ALP's very firm vote actually increases as the ALP primary vote increases and the Coalition's very firm vote possibly increases as their primary vote increases (possible, because there's a lot of variation in it)
One possible explanation might be that firstly, the Greens are picking up a good chunk of people that not only describe themselves as soft voters, but also act as legitimate swinging voters – people that say their vote is soft and act on it by changing their voting intentions (in this case, from the major parties to the Greens).
Secondly, large numbers of the major party soft vote may not in fact be “soft” in the truest sense of the word, but instead may effectively be strong partisans that move between soft, might change and very firm according to how much they approve or disapprove of the party they nearly always support, at any given time (also noting that the actual numbers of people that are soft voters with each major party is over twice the size of the number of Greens soft voters in terms of absolute numbers of people – so the soft voter change within a major party would swamp those soft-swinging voters moving into the major party primary vote columns on the charts)
So if a major party increases its primary vote (suggesting that it is increasing its broader appeal to the electorate), then we would expect those self-declared soft voters that are still effectively rusted on, to move from soft to further up the spectrum of voter strength as a consequence of that increasing appeal – moving into the “might change” and “very firm” categories. Similarly, as a major party sheds its primary vote (and shedding its general appeal), we would expect those same voters to move from “might change” and “very firm” down to “soft”.
That would certainly explain the dynamics we've been seeing, where the Greens are getting an increase in their primary vote corresponding to an increase in their soft vote, from mostly legitimate swinging voters – while the major parties are mostly experiencing shifts of view within their rusted on vote.
If we compare the changes in the primary vote of each party vs the change in its soft vote over these polls, it reinforces the point – the change in the soft vote is on the vertical axis, the change in the primary vote is on the horizontal axis:
It's also worth mentioning that it's a very robust dynamic with the ALP results – which isn't surprising considering that ALP voters tend to moan more about their own party than their equivalent Coalition and Greens supporters do – even if they'll never really change their vote.
So what does it all mean? Well, in practical terms, the evidence suggests that the Greens will have a fight on their hands to maintain their current vote share with so many soft and swinging voters appearing to make up a large part of their new found primary vote – particularly if (or rather when) the major parties pivot their message to try and get them back as we approach the election. As the Nielsen preference data has suggested, because increasing numbers of them are ex-Coalition voters, the Greens may have to fight on two very different and often politically incompatible fronts to defend them.
Without the media exposure of the major parties, that will prove to be a very, very difficult exercise.
It also suggests that Tony Abbott has boosted the generic fortunes of the Coalition by boosting the generic confidence that Coalition voters have in their party – adding more evidence to the argument that the changes in things like preferred PM and much of the approval dynamics are actually being driven more by partisan endogeneity rather than anything particularly meaningful, nor electorally very important.
(Visited 38 times, 1 visits today)
The move, the first by Naoto Kan's ruling party in six months, accompanied a warning that key areas, including industrial production and exports, would struggle in the near future.
On Monday the IMF cut its forecast for Japanese growth, while the Bank of Japan slashed its assessment of the economy last week, saying it would remain under "strong downward pressure" for some time.
"The economy is showing weakness due to the influence of the Great East Japan Earthquake," the government said in its monthly economic report for April.
Japan is still reeling from the March 11 disaster, which has left 28,000 people dead or missing. Further tremors have been felt this week and the severity of the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant has been raised to the same level as Chernobyl.
The damage to the power plant has led to rolling blackouts, affecting production at major companies. The government warned of downside risks to the outlook that could stem from such power supply constraints, as well as slow progress in restoring supply chains and the impact of rising oil prices.
A first-year student Democratic lawmaker and former ambassador to Switzerland questioned the conventional wisdom about nuclear weapons and the balance of power in the Middle East, as Congress continues to weigh in on the framework of the Obama administration's historic agreement with Iran.
Rep. Don Beyer (D-Va.), said that a nuclear weapons-seeking Iran, technically, wouldn't necessarily be starting an arms race in the region, and that Tehran almost certainly would not be using nuclear weapons if it acquired them.
“If Israel does have nuclear weapons, we have to think of the psychological and security impact that has on its many hostile neighbors, including Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and others,” they said, raising a compelling theory about the origin of any sort of regional Cold War.
The former 2008 Obama regional campaign finance chairperson and the lead US envoy in Bern from 2009 until 2013, Beyer made the case, responding to a caller, by drawing a parallel between the current situation and the Cuban Missile Crisis. Before Soviet arms had been deployed to Cuba, they noted, the Russians were upset with Washington over American nukes in Turkey.
Beyer also intoned that a nuclear-armed Iran itself would not spell the start of an apocalyptic war scenario.
“I think what's lost, usually, in the Iran debate, with Israel too–the principle of Mutually Assured Destruction is still very operative, here,” they said, referring to the Cold War doctrine, which holds that even only marginally rational actors, in most cases, will not start a nuclear war, due to the inevitable retaliation.
“Does anyone really think Iran would use a nuclear weapon without destroying its entire country?” they asked.
Beyer did taper some of their sanguine forecast about the armed Iran scenario, saying it could shape the future of Egyptian and Saudi militarization.
They also cast doubt on the almost universally-believed claim over Israel's nuclear weapons program and said Tehran's alleged activity could be causing it to rethink the status of its own arsenal.
Beyer, who noted that “out of respect” they attended Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's controversial March 3 address to a joint session of Congress, also said they believed Israel is the “primary beneficiary” of the deal.
As part of the accord, the administration claims, Iran is committing to exhaustive scrutiny and a scaling back of its uranium enrichment. Military action, the White House has additionally argued, with its rash of unpredictable consequences, would only set back Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon by a few years.
As Beyer noted, Iran's nuclear program had grown in the face of sanctions.
He, nonetheless, also appeared to back some of the more anti-war aspects to the agreement. They noted that Iran is a party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons while Israel isn't, and said a nuclear-free Middle East is a “worthy goal.”
“This framework agreement is a big step in the right direction,” they said.
Beyer also noted that they believed the international sanctions regime would inevitably weaken. As Ambassador to Switzerland, they said they had to convince Swiss authorities of the banking restrictions' temporary nature, and that they were mostly designed to eventually yield an agreement and stability. The penalties' diminishing efficacy leaves those in Washington who claim to be fraught with anxiety over Iran's nuclear program with fewer options, they intoned.
“Once the first bullets fly, you just can't predict what's going to happen,” Beyer remarked, making references early 20th Century global turmoil.
Congress is still away from Washington for the Easter recess this week. Rep. Beyer, being from Northern Virgina, was able to make the commute to the C-SPAN studio near the Senate side of the Capitol with relative ease.
When the legislative branch does reconvene, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, with a new ranking Democrat in Sen. Ben Cardin (D-Md.), will consider marking up legislation that would subject the Iran agreement to Congressional review.
The Committee chair, Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) has said they are hopeful the bill will gain the support of a veto-proof majority.
Beyer, however, toed the administration's line and said that the legislation is ultimately meaningless–perhaps something the bill's supporters themselves tacitly acknowledge, with their call for legislative “review.” A Congressional vote isn't required for the deal to be approved, they said, since the initial sanctions legislation granted the executive branch with authority to temporarily relieve Iran.
They also repeated the White House's praise of the deal's oversight mechanisms, claiming that every aspect of Iran's nuclear energy production line will be subject to rigorous inspection.
Presented by DRCNet
Library Archives
Schaffer Library | Drug War Chronicle | Drug War Facts | Carl Olsen's Marijuana Archive | DrugText and DrugText USA
Human Rights '95 | The Ibogaine Dossier | Drug Policy Alliance | Think For Yourself
National NORML and Portland NORML | Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies
Marijuana Policy Project | The Psychedelic Library | Stanton Peele Addiction Website
Drug Policy Organizations
American Society for Action on Pain | Drug Policy Foundation | StoptheDrugWar.org: the Drug Reform Coordination Network
Families Against Mandatory Minimums | Students for Sensible Drug Policy | Flex Your Rights | Common Sense for Drug Policy | Forfeiture Endangers American Rights | National NORML
Portland NORML | The November Coalition
Search the Library | Links | Table of Contents [400 Kbytes]
Contact Us
Site Descriptions:
Major Studies of Drugs and Drug Policy, History of the drugs and drug laws, Medical Marijuana Research, Government Publications on drugs and drug policy, Charts and graphs of drug war statistics, Information on specific drugs and Much, much more.
In-depth, weekly online report on the drug war and reform efforts. A publication of DRCNet, Drug War Chronicle is arguably the world's leading drug policy newsletter.
Hundreds of pages of detailed statistics compilations on every corner of drug policy. This is the perfect reference for preparing for a speech, fleshing out your editorial, or challenging your preconceptions.
This noted activist presents information on the Olsen vs. DEA decision, marijuana as medicine, religion and drugs, hemp as an industrial and food resource, and more.
Sponsored by the International Foundation on Drug Policy and Human Rights, Drugtest presents the latest in government policies and important drug research news from Europe and the United States
Human Rights and the Drug War: Dedicated to the Prisoners of the Drug War and their families and to all those working to regain their freedom and restore respect for all Human Rights.
Ibogaine, an alkaloid discovered in plants from the West African rain forest, has been reported to reduce both narcotic and cocaine withdrawal symptoms in humans. The ibogaine.org Website contains a wealth of information on ibogaine and It's in vivo and in vitro actions, original articles of acclaimed ibogaine researchers, and information on experimental ibogaine treatment.
The Lindesmith Center is a project of the Open Society Institute dedicated to broadening the debate on drugs and drug policy. The site features an extensive collection of research papers, fact sheets, and articles from both the academic and popular press. "Focal Points" offer an in-depth look at medical marijuana, heroin prescription, and methadone maintenance, and more.
MAPS is a membership-based organization working to assist psychedelic researchers around the world to design, fund, conduct, and report on psychedelic research in humans. Complete-text articles appearing in the MAPS Bulletin are available at the organization's website. MAPS is a non-profit corporation funded by tax-deductible donations.
On January 25, 1995, the Marijuana Policy Project (MPP) was incorporated as a nonprofit organization in the District of Columbia by Robert Kampia and Chuck Thomas. The MPP's mission is to provide the marijuana law-reform movement with full-time, organized lobbying on the federal level.
The Internet's most comprehensive resource for the literature of psychedelic drugs. Research reports, philosophical essays, articles, and complete-text books are available both for professional research and for general interest.
A comprehensive collection of material relating to every aspect of the addictive experience, maintained by this noted author and independent addiction researcher. "SPAWS" includes questions from readers, a large on-line library of Stanton's articles, and an active controversy section in which Stanton takes on leading figures in alcohol and addiction research, policy, and treatment.
Views and comments on the drug issue from a wide variety of well-known thinkers and writers, with news articles and media information.
ASAP is an organization of pain patients, their families, doctors, and caregivers, dedicated to improving pain treatment and ensuring that pain patients may obtain the life-giving medications they need.
The Drug Policy Foundation is an independent, non-profit organization with over 20,000 members that publicizes alternatives to the failing "war on drugs." Get Involved  Join the Debate
Families Against Mandatory Minimums Foundation (FAMM Foundation) is a national nonprofit organization founded in March of 1991 by attorneys, judges, criminal justice experts, and the families of inmates in response to the excessive penalties triggered by mandatory minimum sentencing policies for nonviolent offenses.
F.E.A.R. is a national nonprofit organization dedicated to reform of federal and state asset forfeiture laws to restore due process and protect the property rights of innocent citizens.
Websites of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws and their Portland chapter, which maintains some of the finest in marijuana-related archives.
The November Coalition is an organization of Drug War prisoners and their loved ones who are urging the citizens of this country to take a second look at the war on drugs. Drug arrests are transforming the Land of the Free. The U.S. is now the world's leading jailer. We echo the words of Senior Federal drugs were devoted instead to education and treatment, the cost and dangers of drug use would be greatly reduced."
Need Software?
Comments to: cliff_schaffer@yahoo.com
In the surreal kabuki theater that is "Choice 2016" the entire focus by the corporate news media is on Donald Trump and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. It is all about the major party candidates the latest gaffe, facial tick, or how much money they have, or haven't raised.
Missed in this overpriced electoral carnival is a crisis that has been brewing in plain sight for decades, a growing cohort of disconnected teens and young adults who are neither in school nor working. By some estimates there is between 5.5 million to 6.7 million of these idle young souls whose inability to actualize will have profound lifelong implications for them and for the nation as a whole.
Advertisement:
As older teens age into young adults, with no job and no direction, that failure to launch means failure to individuate from their parents, delaying marriage or even their own household formation. That lack of what psychologists call ‘agency over their lives' hobbles them for life in terms of depressed lifetime earnings and the increasing likelihood they'll end up incarcerated or bleeding out as a gun violence victim.
Dr. Harriet Fraad, a New York City mental health counselor who specializes in helping families cope with economic dislocation, said there's an alienation that can set in the longer the young person is disconnected.
“They are told no one wants or needs you,” Fraad told Salon. “Their respites are to join others and fight for change, or become criminal to fight back, or get high and escape as rural youth can attest.”
Fraad thinks the emergence of this out of work-not in school young adult age cohort has prompted these young people to question the legitimacy of capitalism.
“That is why now a majority prefer socialism to capitalism even though they are nor certain what either means,” Fraad said. “They know we have capitalism and they are hurting.”
“Disconnected youth are white and black, Hispanic and Asian,” according to Opportunity Nation, a non-profit advocacy group's website. “They are middle-class and poor, native born and immigrants. They live in rural, suburban and urban areas. Some struggled in school and lacked adequate supports to make it to graduation day. They include in their number the estimated one million students who drop out of high school each year, and fall through the cracks."
Advertisement:
Just last week, an insightful analysis by the Chicago Tribune reported that in Chicago there were 45,000 20 to 24 year olds not in school and not working. When they looked at data for the greater Chicago metro region they found that there were 150,000 idle 16 to 24 year olds.
The Chicago Tribune observed that from January to July of this year 55 percent of the shooting victims and 59 percent of the arrests related to shootings in Chicago were of young people in the 15-to-24 age cohort.
"The two trends are tragically intertwined, where youth unemployment contributes to the incidence of violence, and violence in our communities contributes to many barriers to employment, both because of the violence itself and because of the criminal justice system's response to that violence," Matt Bruce, executive director of the Chicagoland Workforce Funder Alliance told the Chicago Tribune.
The trend was first flagged by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as starting to manifest in the early 2000s and has only accelerated over time. With post Great Recession structural shifts, like the spike in returning senior citizens back into the workforce, the bar is even higher today for kids to get that first job. The longer they go without that first employment experience the more depressed their lifetime earnings.
Advertisement:
A BLS analysis noted that some of the summer youth employment drop off was the result of more kids opting for summer school or some other form of academic enrichment over working but also concluded that for kids looking for work jobs were harder to come by.
“There is evidence as well that the types of jobs that teens would normally fill have become scarcer: not only is there increased competition for such jobs from other groups, but also, fewer summer jobs are funded through government programs,” wrote Teresa Morisi, a BLS economist in a 2010 white paper. “Finally, the decade has experienced two recessions, which no doubt have diminished employment opportunities for teens as well as other age groups.
The research is clear that it is that first summer job that often acts as the catalyst for a career. While higher education, no doubt has its value, life is not always about just improving yourself, but bringing value to the broader community in the humility of service to others that we find in work.
Advertisement:
In their last State of the Union Address, President Obama raised the issue of “disconnected youth” and they asked Congress for $5.5 billion to help fund programs to increase employment and career opportunities for this cohort in an era where globalization and automation were making jobs increasingly harder to come by. Since 2010, when that Bureau of Labor research first surfaced about the deteriorating youth employment picture, Congress's response has been to cut this programs by hundreds of millions of dollars in the years since.
But it's not just about Republican of Democrats. In New York City, Mayor Bill de Blasio, a self-proclaimed progressive, celebrated their “historic” boost of summer youth employment slots to 60,000. Yet, sadly close to 140,000 kids applied to the lottery-based program, meaning close to 80,000 kids were sent away empty handed. Since when was 43 percent a passing grade and what does the use of a lottery affirm?
What we have here is not a failure of just the Democrats or the Republicans, but of those of us who are middle-aged and older, who control stuff, to make the fate of every one of our nation's kids something we care about and that informs our voting. If we saw one of our own kids just hanging out for years, aging into young adulthood idle, you can bet we'd take action.
Advertisement:
It would be very much about the urgency of now.
The plan: to conduct a series of interviews with successful workers in various
key candidates for high impact careers.
The first person to agree to an interview is Luke
Muehlhauser (aka lukeprog of Less
Wrong), the executive director of the Singularity
Institute for Artificial Intelligence, whose mission is
to influence the development of greater-than-human intelligence to try and
ensure that it's a force for human flourishing rather than
extinction.
Each interview will have one or two goals. Firstly, to probe the experience of
the job itself, to give readers a sense of what sort of life they'd be letting
themselves in for if they followed a similar path  I've divided these question
types under headers.
Secondly, where the interviewee's organisation is a candidate for philanthropic
funding, to seek their insiders' perspective on why donors should consider
picking them over the other options.
On with the interview:
Working in SIAI (and similar X-risk-related careers)
ZR: Can you describe a typical working week for you? How
many hours would you put in, what proportion of them would be spent on work you
find engaging and what on admin/other chores? More importantly, what,
physically do you do in what proportion from day to day? Can you give a sense
of the highs and lows of the job?
LM: My work log says I've worked an average of 61 hours per
week since the beginning of September, when I was hired. This period covers a
transition from Research Fellow to Executive Director, so my “typical work
week” and the ratio between engaging/boring hours has changed over time. At the
moment, a typical work week consists of (1) managing the 80+ projects in my
Singularity Institute project tracker, along with all the staff members and
volunteers working on pieces of those projects, (2) taking calls and meetings
with advisors, supporters, volunteers, and external researchers, (3) writing
things like So You Want to Save the
World and Facing the
Singularity, and also internal
documents like a list of potential AI risk papers, and (4) working directly on
10-30 of our ongoing projects: everything from our forthcoming website redesign
to our monthly progress reports to strategy
meetings to improving our internal systems for communication and collaboration.
Physically, it's mostly working at a computer or sitting at a coffee or lunch meeting.
The highs come from doing things that appear to be reducing existential risk.
The lows come when I smack into the extreme complexity of the strategic
considerations concerning how to get from the world in its current state to a
world where people are basically happy and we didn't destroy ourselves
with our ever-increasing technological powers. How do we get from here to
there? Even things you might think are “obviously” good might actually be bad
for complicated sociological and technological reasons. So, I often have a
nagging worry that what I'm working on only seems like it's reducing
existential risk after the best analysis I can do right now, but actually
it's increasing existential risk. That's not a pleasant feeling, but
it's the kind of uncertainty you have to live with when working on these
kinds of problems. All you can do is try really hard, and then try
harder.
Another low is being reminded every day that humans are quite capable of
“believing” that AI risk reduction is humanity's most important task without
actually doing much about it. A few months after I first
read
about intelligence explosion I said, “Well, damn, I guess I need to change my
whole life and help save the world,” then quit my job and moved to Berkeley.
But humans rarely do things like that.
ZR: What about a slightly atypical week? What sort of
events of note happen rarely, but reliably?
LM: Once a year we put on our Singularity Summit, which for
about a month consumes most of our staff's time, including mine. When I need to
give a speech or finish a research paper, I will sometimes need to cut myself
away from everything else for a few days in order to zoom through the writing
and editing.
ZR: SIAI seems to employ a number of philosophers, as its
more scientific researchers. Many readers of this blog will likely be midway
through philosophy or similar degrees, which might not lead easily to high
income careers. Suppose that they consider X-risk research as another option –
how plausible an option is it? Ie what proportion of postgraduate philosophy
students who take a specific interest in X-risk issues do you think will be
able to find work at SIAI or in similar organisations?
LM: The number of x-risk organizations is growing, but they
are all quite funding-limited, so jobs are not easy to find. In most cases, a
skilled person can purchase more x-risk reduction by going into finance or
software or something else and donating to x-risk organizations,
rather than by working directly for x-risk organizations. This is true for
multiple reasons.
Also, the kind of philosophy you're trained in matters. If you're
trained in literary analysis and postmodern philosophy, that training won't
help you contribute to x-risk research. Somewhat less useless is training in
standard intuitionist analytic philosophy. The most relevant kind of philosophy
is naturalistic “formal philosophy” or the kind of philosophy that is almost
indistinguishable from the “hard” cognitive sciences.
Mathematicians and computer scientists are especially important for work on AI
risk. And physicists, of course, because physicists can do anything.
Naturalistic philosophers, mathematicians, computer scientists, and physicists
who wants to work on x-risk should all contact me at
[email protected].
Especially if you can write and explain things. Genuine writing ability is
extremely rare.
ZR: Can you describe roughly the breakdown of different
types of specialist who SIAI employs, so that anyone wanting to dedicate
themselves to working for you can see what the most plausible routes in are?
Are there any other relevant factors they should be aware of? (eg you employ
more people from field x than y, but so many people from x apply that it makes
y a better prospect)
LM: More important than our current staff composition is who
we want to hire. The most important and difficult hires we need to
make are people who can solve the fundamental
problems in decision theory,
mathematics, and AI architectures that must be solved for Friendly AI to be
possible. These are people with extremely high mathematical ability:
gold-medalists in the International Math Olympiad, or people who ranked top 10
on the Putnam, for example. For short, we refer to this ideal team as “9 young
John Conways” + Eliezer Yudkowsky, but that's not to
say we know that 9 is the best number nor that they all need exactly the same
characteristics of a young John
Conway. We also need a
math-proficient
Oppenheimer to manage the
team.
Most young elite mathematicians do not realize that “save the world” is a
career option for them. I want to get that message out there.
ZR: Overall, what would you say is the primary limiting
factor in attaining SIAI's goals? In other words, would someone keen to help
you by any means necessary do better by going into professional philanthropy
and donating to you, or by training themselves in the skills you look for,
assuming they could expect to be about equivalently successful in either route?
(or some third option I haven't thought of?)
LM: Funding is our main limiting factor. The possible
non-existence of 9 young John Conways is another limiting factor. But if we
could find the right people, it's actually not that expensive to take a shot at
saving the world once and for all with a tightly-focused team of elite
mathematicians. The cost could be as low as $5 million per year, which is far
less than is spent on cosmetics research every year. Unfortunately, humanity's
funding priorities are self-destructive.
Considerations for philanthropists
ZR: Givewell & Giving What We Can's research has
tended to focus on health interventions, since QALYs and similar offer simple
metrics for judging how well each organisation does at achieving the underlying
goal. It's understandable given the data available, but makes it tough for
people considering other types of cause. So I'll throw the challenge over to
you – treating your goal simply as reducing X-risk, can you think of any
measure by which someone could evaluate how effective you guys are? – ie the
effect of a dollar spent on SIAI vs FHI vs one spent on something more
conventional with a similar goal? (CND or asteroid defence, for example)
LM: Alas, there is no QALY-like unit for measuring existential
risk reduction! Measuring how much x-risk reduction is purchased per marginal
dollar invested in the Singularity Institute vs. the Future of Humanity
Institute vs. other organizations is difficult to measure. Rather than get into
a long and fuzzy analysis about that, I can approach this topic from another
angle. The short story is:
In the next two centuries we will have a multitude of chances to destroy
ourselves with powerful new technologies. AI looks like it may be one of the
first existential threats to be created. But unlike the others, doing AI
right can actually prevent the other existential risks from
happening. There is no more important thing humanity can do. So, prioritize
support for the organizations that look like understand the problem better than
everyone else and can make progress on it. Right now, the two most plausible
candidates for this are the Future of Humanity Institute and the Singularity
Institute.
ZR: In a recent interview, Nick Bostrom was asked who they
would recommend giving to of SIAI and FHI given their similarities. Their reply,
slightly paraphrased (Thanks to George McGowan for transcribing (and asking!) this.):
The two organizations have a lot of overlap in terms of their missions. They
are pretty synergistic – and therefore if one were about to go under you should
probably donate to that one. There is also a lot of collaboration between the
two organizations – in papers we write and so on. However there are notable
differences. SI doesn't have to deal with bureaucracy and try to get grants (as
we do). They can also more easily hire people from non-academic backgrounds to
do useful work. On the other hand – we have more influence in academia and turn
out a greater number of papers. Our sights are on all x-risks, whereas SI
focuses just on AI. So it's really a question of which set of characteristics
you think are the most important.
ZR: Do you agree with their answer? Is there anything you'd add to it?
LM: Yes, actually. I made roughly those same
comments
about the synergy between the two organizations a few months before that Q&A
with Nick was posted online.
I think focusing on AI risk is most important, and Nick might actually agree.
They have spent much of the last year writing a book analyzing the AI risk
situation, and myself and others at the Singularity Institute have given them
comments on early drafts.
Lastly, Luke has kindly agreed to field some follow-up questions. If there's an
important question I didn't ask, or you'd like clarification on any of hi
replies, post the question in the replies by Sunday 8th February. Luke
won't have time to check back on this thread, but has kindly agreed to field
some follow-up questions, so I've agreed to be pass on the questions to them in
a single email by that date.
Alex Jones has piled on to a far-right conspiracy theory that out-of-state voters were bused in to steal Alabama's special Senate election for Democrat Doug Jones, who beat Republican Roy Moore earlier this week.
The conspiracy-loving radio host said Wednesday that the dearly departed cast ballots as well.
Operatives “had the dead people vote and had the folks bused in those Democrat areas and they stole the election, when my research shows Roy Moore probably would have won by six, seven points,” Jones said in a clip (above) posted by Media Matters.
Jones, who once claimed that many Ku Klux Klan demonstrators are really just Jewish actors, wasn't finished.
“It really is biblical what we're witnessing and the dirty tricks of the Clintons and the dirty tricks of their systems in this country reaching down through into daily life,” they said. “They come after you when you fight. They run intelligence operations. They destroy families. They pay people off.”
Bloomberg via Getty Images Roy Moore, the Republican candidate, should have won by "six, seven points," Alex Jones said.
As for the idea that Alabama's election turned on massive voter fraud, John Rogers, co-creator of the show “Leverage,” completely ran over that theory. In a series of tweets Wednesday, they illustrated the logistical impossibility of secretly transporting tens of thousands of people in hundreds of large vehicles to polling booths in a state with strict voter ID laws. Not to mention that Alabama has a Republican secretary of state “who's made it their life's work to hunt down voter fraud, and was a vocal supporter of Moore,” Rogers said.
The clean energy company Zen Energy has approved a $700m solar, battery and pumped hydro project at the South Australian town of Whyalla to power the OneSteel steelworks at Whyalla.
The project was announced on Monday after the British billionaire Sanjeev Gupta, who bought the Arrium steelworks from receivers on 31 August, chaired their first Zen Energy board meeting in Adelaide.
Gupta's company, GFG Alliance, bought a 50.1% stake in Zen in September as part of its plan to power the steelworks.
The new energy project, which will be the largest solar and power storage investment in Australia, is intended to provide one gigawatt of additional dispatchable renewable energy assets to major industries on the Eyre peninsula, including Gupta's OneSteel.
Frydenberg says government will further reduce emissions to meet Paris target Read more
It includes 200MW of photovoltaic solar panels, a 100MW/100MWh battery storage facility at Port Augusta, 120MW/600MWH pumped hydro storage facility in a disused mining pit in the Middleback Ranges and 100MW of demand response at the Arrium steelworks and other industrial sites.
In a statement, the company said the project would be expanded by an additional 480MW of solar capacity “in due course” to support industry expansion at Whyalla and in SA more generally.
“These first steps in SA will improve reliability and greatly reduce costs of electricity in our own steelworks at Whyalla, and provide competitive sources of power for other industrial and commercial users,” Gupta said. “This will be followed by early steps to lower Liberty OneSteel's electricity costs in New South Wales and Victoria, and to provide power at lower cost to other industrial enterprises in these states and Queensland.”
The Turnbull government is battling with the states, particularly South Australia and Victoria, over its new national guarantee.
The national energy guarantee would impose reliability and emissions reduction guarantees on energy retailers and large users from 2020, meaning retailers will have to provide a mix of dispatchable and low-emissions power generation options.
Gupta said they had been asked whether the Whyalla project was “contingent on how current uncertainty in national electricity policy is resolved” and added “Naturally we are watching developments in policy closely.
“In the meantime, we are proceeding with the first 520MW of capacity based on positive interactions with relevant stakeholders.
“I believe there is a great future for energy intensive industries in Australia. I look forward to helping build Zen Energy to become a major player in the Australian energy transition.”
What is the national energy guarantee and is it really a game changer? Read more
The price of getting electricity to the power-hungry Whyalla steelworks prompted the then opposition leader, Tony Abbott, to argue in 2011 that Whyalla would be “wiped off the map” if Australia introduced a carbon price and made emissions-intensive energy generation more expensive.
The SA energy minister, Tom Koutsantonis, has welcomed the announcement, which comes three months after the Tesla founder Elon Musk announced they would build a 100MW/129MWh lithium-ion battery to store renewable energy at Jamestown in the state's mid-north. Construction on that battery is well advanced.
“This is another example of the market saying to South Australians and Australians that the way forward is renewable energy with storage,” Koutsantonis said.
“What the monopoly owners of our privatised traditional generation assets have been doing is shutting down power stations and restricting supply to try and create scarcity so they can charge us more for the same electrons. What renewable energy is doing is pouring more power into the grid, increasing competition and putting downward pressure on power prices.”
Spy shots of the latest middleweight adventure bike from BMW have emerged, and the bike is being called the new BMW F 900 GS, the replacement for the F 800 GS in 2018. From the spy shots, what is clear is that the new model gets an all-new aluminium frame, and the new parallel twin motor looks narrower than the ones currently on the F 800 GS. The final drive is also moved from the right side of the bike to the left, and the exhaust has now been swapped to the right from the left on the current F 800 GS.
(New bike parked next to BMW F 800 GS)
The bike looks narrower and sleeker than the F 800 GS, as seen in one image where both bikes are parked next to each other inside a van. What is evident is that the new bike is smaller, narrower and quite possibly lighter than the F 800 GS as well. The fuel tank is brought to the front now (the F 800 GS has an under-seat fuel tank) and the new bike is expected to get a LED headlight, ride-by-wire throttle with different riding modes, cruise control and tubless tyres.
There's still lot of speculation on what the bike will be called or how much displacement the new engine as; some speculate this bike to be the new BMW F 850 GS, while others say it will sit just below the R 1200 GS and will have an engine close to 1000 cc displacement. Either ways, power output should see a bump from the current 85 bhp on the F 800 GS to around 95-100 bhp, but still below the R 1200 GS's 125 bhp output. So far, we don't have any details of a possible launch date, but we expect the bike to be unveiled later in the year as a 2018 year model. Once launched, the new middleweight adventure bike from BMW will compete against the likes of the Honda Africa Twin and the Triumph Tiger 800.
(Spy Shots Source: Morebikes.co.uk)
For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
The St. Paul school board made official Tuesday night that Valeria Silva's tenure atop the state's second-largest district will end July 15.
The deal comes at a hefty price to the district: $787,500.
They will be replaced on an interim basis by retired Rose­ville Area Schools Superintendent John Thein. A search for a permanent successor has not begun.
Talks aimed at transitioning Silva out of the district's top job — they will stay on as a consultant for 15 months — have been in the works for more than a month, said board Chairman Jon Schumacher, who was among four new board members swept into office in January as part of a Caucus for Change movement critical of district leadership.
In the past year, school-climate concerns took on a new dimension with several high-profile incidents of student-on-staff violence. But Schumacher refrained on Tuesday from directly associating Silva with the district's current troubles, which also include declining enrollment and budget pressures.
Still, Jean O'Connell, a former board chairperson, accused Schumacher and others of working secretly to force Silva out.
“The environment at this table has become so disrespectful, destructive and cynical that I can no longer be a part of it,” said O'Connell, who announced they were resigning, effective June 30.
Schumacher said that they disagreed with O'Connell's comments, but was willing to let them have them say.
For Silva, who was at district headquarters earlier in the day but did not attend the meeting, the departure as schools chief follows a remarkable rise — both personally and professionally. They arrived in Minnesota nearly 32 years ago as a visitor from Chile. In St. Paul, they worked their way from teacher to principal to administrator to superintendent, and built a national reputation as a leader in the area of English language learning.
The separation agreement approved Tuesday was expected to be costly, given that Silva was barely six months into a new three-year deal that was to pay them a $213,026 salary plus $11,000 in longevity pay in recognition of their 29 years with the district.
As part of their new role as a full-time “special consultant,” they will be paid $106,513 through the end of the year and $162,965 for the first nine months of 2017.
They also are to receive $100,000 in severance pay, plus pension and health insurance contributions of $103,500 and $208,320, under the agreement approved Tuesday.
Earlier this year, Silva said that the current contract would be their last, and noted that by staying through December 2018, they would reach the “Rule of 90” qualifying them for full pension benefits. Schumacher said Tuesday that Silva's stated intent to leave figured into their thinking that the board should plan for a transition to new leadership.
Board member Steve Marchese said the deal, “as expensive as it is,” was best for the district in the long term.
Board Member Chue Vue defended last year's decision to extend Silva's contract, saying: “We knew the superintendent the best.”
The board's decision on Silva came as it took action on district budget and enrollment woes.
In a surprise, the board voted, 4-3, to save Galtier Community School from possible closure in June 2017.
Galtier, formerly a citywide magnet school before it became a neighborhood school under Silva's Strong Schools, Strong Communities reorganization, has seen declining enrollment. Last month, Silva recommended closing it, urging the neighborhood to rally behind a strong community school at nearby Hamline Elementary.
Parents fought for Galtier, and on Tuesday, as board members announced their votes, cheers broke out when Vue broke a 3-3 tie.
The board also took final action to close a projected $15.1 million budget gap — capping an arduous two-month process that found the district pressured by a No Cuts To Kids group fighting to preserve art, music, language and other K-8 programming.
A projected hit to electives and other classroom cuts eventually was pared from $7.5 million to $2.4 million.
The group lauded the board's efforts to restore funding to schools in the amount of $85 per pupil, but said that the money should not have been allocated across the board but targeted to schools with the greatest needs.
They also said the reduction of art and music programming was a disservice to low-income kids.
“This is not a frill,” said Joe Nathan, a group member and a senior fellow with the St. Paul-based Center for School Change. “This is a necessity.”
