Few expected the Liberals would be able to pull a majority government out of this week's provincial election in Ontario, but Kathleen Wynne managed the feat.
The repercussions at the federal level could be significant.
Despite the tradition that Ontarians tend to prefer governments of different hues in Toronto and Ottawa, there are no federal Liberals disappointed Wynne's party captured 39 per cent of the vote. In the 2011 federal election, the Liberals under Michael Ignatieff got just 25 per cent support.
The election also marks the fourth consecutive provincial victory of the Liberal brand, following the elections in 2013 in British Columbia and Nova Scotia and Philippe Couillard's win in Quebec this past April.
But Tim Hudak's defeat might have more federal consequences.
Their Progressive Conservatives took just 31 per cent of the vote, their lowest share in decades. The party lost ground in every region of the province, but most worryingly for federal Conservatives is that Hudak's troops took a big hit in the 905 area code, dropping four points to just 32 per cent. That put them nine points behind Wynne's Liberals.
Worse, Hudak did not lose votes to a centrist Liberal Party that might overlap with the federal Conservatives, but rather one that had moved sharply to the left. Ontarians preferred this move to the one taken to the right by the PCs, which will leave little wiggle room for Stephen Harper's party as Trudeau Liberals provide a more appetizing centrist option than Ignatieff did in 2011.
While Tories found themselves pushed aside by the Liberals in the Greater Toronto Area, they were also displaced to some degree by New Democrats in the southwest. There, the PCs dropped six points since the last election to 34 per cent, with the NDP gaining seven to reach 30 per cent.
New Democrats banked on a breakthrough in the southwest to propel them forward in the rest of the province. That did not happen, but their strategy nevertheless allowed them to hold on to the footholds gained in recent byelections and expand in Windsor.
The results are a bit of mixed bag for Thomas Mulcair. The NDP did manage to increase its vote share to 24 per cent, but that was up only marginally from the 23 per cent of 2011. That tally was also below the 26 per cent the federal New Democrats captured in Ontario during the last federal election.
But the NDP upped their support in the context of stiff competition from Liberals for the left-of-centre vote. The party's performance suggests the NDP has enough of a base to withstand Liberal pressure, and can even steal some votes from the Tories in the process.
Andrea Horwath pulled the party more toward the centre. As Mulcair is doing something similar, there is reason for the NDP to hope the strategy can pay dividends. Nevertheless, the New Democrats will not form government federally with the support of only one-in-four Ontarians.
A Liberal majority will also have an influence on the federal landscape — largely because Ontario will fall off the radar. With Rob Ford unlikely to be re-elected in the fall, and the government in Queen's Park no longer in danger of being defeated in the legislature, all attention will turn to the upcoming 2015 federal election. There will be little to gain for Harper to go to war with the Ontario Liberal government, considering Tory opposition in the province has proven so unpopular. Justin Trudeau, on the other hand, will gain a helpful ally with a mandate of their own.
Conservatives may try to comfort themselves with the thought that scandal has proven not enough to overcome the benefits of incumbency, but the parallels between the 2014 Ontario election and the 2015 federal election are not all favourable to the prime minister. One factor behind this week's Liberal win was the likability of Wynne versus the inability of Hudak to connect on a personal level with voters.
The parallels between Harper and Trudeau in these terms, at least, are quite clear.
Éric Grenier taps The Pulse of federal and regional politics for Huffington Post Canada readers every week. Grenier is the author of ThreeHundredEight.com, covering Canadian politics, polls and electoral projections.
Also on HuffPost
Jeff Sessions: Marijuana Is “Only Slightly Less Awful” Than Heroin
The new Attorney General has pot advocates in Massachusetts on edge.
Photo via AP
Jeff Sessions, the U.S. Attorney General, had some typically harsh words about marijuana today, at a time when legal pot supporters in Massachusetts and elsewhere are on high alert over how the new government will treat the drug.
In prepared remarks for a speech to law enforcement in Richmond today, they outlined their stance on marijuana use, which they have long opposed, saying that “dependency” on it is “only slightly less awful” than heroin.
I realize this may be an unfashionable belief in a time of growing tolerance of drug use. But too many lives are at stake to worry about being fashionable. I reject the idea that America will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store. And I am astonished to hear people suggest that we can solve our heroin crisis by legalizing marijuana – so people can trade one life-wrecking dependency for another that's only slightly less awful. Our nation needs to say clearly once again that using drugs will destroy your life.
To that end, they continued, they said they support a renewed drug awareness campaign on the “terrible truth about drugs”, like the ones rolled out decades ago.
In the '80s and '90s, we saw how campaigns stressing prevention brought down drug use and addiction. We can do this again. Educating people and telling them the terrible truth about drugs and addiction will result in better choices. We can reduce the use of drugs, save lives and turn back the surge in crime that inevitably follows in the wake of increased drug abuse.
Their full remarks are available here
This is, needless to say, an extreme take. It's true that a portion of marijuana users develop a dependency on the drug, and researchers have found evidence of withdrawal symptoms among heavy users who stop. But the rate of addiction is much lower than it is for habitual abusers of alcohol or tobacco, and using marijuana is known to be much less dangerous than either of those legal vices.
Opioid overdoses killed nearly 2,000 people last year in Massachusetts alone. Addiction to painkillers and other opioid products can set in fast, it's a perplexingly difficult addiction to beat, and use of heroin in the region has become even more dangerous amid the rise of a new, highly concentrated drug called fentanyl. You can't overdose on marijuana.
Sponsored Content Suggested: Test Identifies and Isolates Circulating Tumor Cells; Aids Early Detection of Liver Cancer
Sessions also told reporters on Monday they think “medical marijuana has been hyped, maybe too much.”
While they have sent signals they see merit in Obama-era guidelines on priorities for drug enforcement, Sessions on Wednesday did not address the big question on the minds of Massachusetts pro-cannabis activists, pot entrepreneurs, and regulators : Will they oversee a crackdown on recreational marijuana shops and medical marijuana dispensaries, which still technically violate federal law?
In a statement today, pot proponent Jim Borghesani, spokesperson for the campaign that legalized recreational marijuana use in Massachusetts, called Sessions' remarks “absurd and contemptible,” and said they remain on edge about the future but “cautiously optimistic” that Trump will leave the state's soon-to-be-budding marijuana industry alone:
Rather than going directly to veterans groups, 100% of online donations on Trump's pro-veterans site will go directly to Trump's personal foundation.
After ducking the final Republican presidential debate heading into next week's Iowa caucuses, GOP front-runner Donald Trump announced that they would hold their own pro-veterans event during the debate to raise money for veterans. Trump even set up a special website to solicit donations to help veterans.
“Honor their valor,” the website, donaldtrumpforvets.com, states. “Donate now to help our Veterans.”
The website, which is nothing more than a single page with stock photos and a credit card donation form, claims that “100% of your donations will go directly to Veterans needs.”
There's only one problem: 100% of the money raised on the site goes directly to Donald Trump's personal non-profit foundation, according to a disclosure listed at the bottom of the page.
“The Donald J Trump Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization,” the disclosure reads. “An email confirmation with a summary of your donation will be sent to the email address provided above.”
Confirmation e-mails sent to individuals who contributed via the website confirm that rather than going directly to veterans, all contributions made from the site go directly to Donald Trump's personal foundation.
“The Donald J Trump Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization and acknowledges that no goods or services were provided to you in return for your contribution,” the confirmation e-mail states. “This letter is your receipt and should be kept with your tax records.”
A separate confirmation page that loads after donations are made on the site contains the same language noting that the contribution was made to the Donald J Trump Foundation, not to a distinct veterans organization with a history of directly supporting veterans and their families.
According to the domain registry information for Trump's site, the domain was not registered until Thursday morning. The firm that registered the domain, Florida-based Parscale Media, also designed Trump's official presidential campaign website.
Trump's personal non-profit foundation, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, does not have a history of donating much money to veterans or to veterans' causes. According to a recent analysis of the organization's spending history by the Weekly Standard, Trump's non-profit donated more money to the Clinton Foundation than it did to veterans causes.
Between 2009 and 2013, Trump's non-profit donated between $100,001 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation. Over the same period of time, Trump's group gave only $57,000 to veterans groups. A 2015 analysis by Forbes noted that barely 1 percent of the Donald J. Trump Foundation's $5.5 million worth of donations betwen 2009 and 2013 went to organizations that support military veterans:
The Donald J. Trump Foundation has donated $5.5 million to 298 charities between 2009 and 2013 (the most recent year available), according to the non-profit's 990 tax forms from those years. Of that, only $57,000 has been donated to seven organizations that directly benefit military veterans or their families, Forbes found. Wounded Warriors was not among the organizations Trump's foundation gave to in that time period.
Forbes also found that Trump, who we estimate is worth $4.5 billion, has not made personal contributions to their foundation during the same time period. We reached out to their spokespeople for comment, but did not hear back before publishing.
Trump made waves last July when they attacked Sen. John McCain, a Vietnam prisoner of war who was imprisoned for years in the infamous Hanoi Hilton torture camp, for being captured by enemy troops.
“I don't like losers,” Trump said during an event moderated by GOP focus group guru Frank Luntz. Trump was referring to McCain.
“But he's a war hero,” moderator Frank Luntz interjected. “He's a war hero!”
“He's not a ‘war hero,'” Trump responded. “He's a ‘war hero' because they were captured. I like people that weren't captured, okay? I hate to tell you.”
Sometimes, we're in dire need of new headphones. But with hundreds of options out on the market, most of us find it too difficult to choose. Part of this is because, unlike other gadgets, it's difficult to compare headphones—The only way to find out if the headphones will rock our world is to listen to music on them. But often times we can't take prospective headphones for a test ride.
To help make your decision easier, we've come up with a list of the headphones that are pumping and ones to avoid. We've considered all sorts of parameters, from ease of use and sound quality to price and power consumption. Below are the ten of best and worst headphones.
The Top Ten
Here are some of the best headphones that you should seriously consider buying.
1. Sennheiser RS 180
The sound of Sennheiser RS 180 wireless headphones is . If you are thinking of getting rid of wires in your headphone experience, the Sennheiser RS 180 wireless headphones are a great idea. Not only are they are as good as any other similarly priced wired headphones, but they're full-size and light weight. Made with the Kleer technology, there's no discomfort, so you can use them for hours.(Read full review here.)
2. Bose QuietComfort 25
Bose QuietComfort 25 headphones follow the longstanding tradition of excellent noise-cancelling headphones from Bose. Their design is both elegant and comfortable. With the folding design of these headphones, they are easy to transport in small carrying cases. It takes in AAA batteries to use the noise reduction feature, but it can still be used without the noise reduction feature when batteries die out. (Read full review here.)
3. Audio Technica ATH-M50x
Costing less than $170, these are some of the best headphone you can get for under $200. They offer excellent construct, and the sound is very balanced with tight bass. With added cushiony ear cups, they are very comfortable to wear also and you can listen to great music without hurting your ears. It makes up for the lack of integrated microphone with its rock solid build and natural crisp sound. (Read full review here.)
Advertising
4. Sony MDR-HW700
The MDR-HW700 headphones from Sony, with its time-honored reputation in designing excellent audio gadgets, delivers 9.1-channel surround sound effect—in spite of the absence of speakers. These headphones have been designed with comfort in mind, and that is just what is needed for its home cinema support. (Read full review here.)
5. Shure SRH1540
Shure SRH1540 headphones offer excellent audio performance and are remarkably comfortable. They are full-sized headphones, though in spite of their size, they're pretty lightweight. They're among the most accurate headphones out there in the market and offer tremendous balance in their sounds. They deliver both deep low and crisp high sounds with same accuracy and soothing aura. (Read full review here.)
6. Klipsch R6i
The bassy Klipsch R6i in-ear headphones are very comfortable to wear and are great for bass lovers. They're lightweight and do a fine job of shutting out ambient noise. They come with Klipsch's patented oval-shaped ear tips, which establish more perfect seal compared to the headphones with round tips. (Read full review here.)
7. Philips Fidelio M1BT
With their sleek and stylish design, Philips Fidelio M1BT headphones are the follow-up to earlier released Philips Fidelio M1 headphones. These newer models have added feature of Bluetooth connectivity. The batteries of these headphones have excellent life and the headphones also don't drain much of the battery when connected with tablets and smartphones. So we'd highly recommend audiophiles to go for them. (Read full review here.)
8. SoundMagic P30
Advertising
The SoundMagic P30 is an excellent portable folding headphone set from SoundMagic. Its stylish design is accompanied by comfortable ear pads and headband pads, which ensure the headphones can be used over a long time period. Available at a reasonable price, these headphones are excellent fit in particular for low-resolution tracks. (Read full review here.)
9. AKG Y50
The AKG Y50 is among the best headphones out there for under $100. These excellent budget headphones provide powerful audio performance with resounding deep bass response. They are very lightweight and comfortable to use with swivel ear pieces and foam above the top piece. They come with adjustable presets—ten on each side—so that they can be adjusted appropriately for the different head sizes. (Read full review here.)
10. Beyerdynamic DTX 101 iE
Beyerdynamic's DTX 101 iE in-ear headphones offer excellent crystal clear sound across wide range of frequencies. Costing less than $80, these aren't flashy, but are smart enough to provide value for their price. These headphones provide exquisitely poised performance with superb treble and bass control and add remarkable richness to the vocals. (Read full review here.)
Ten To Avoid
Here are the ten headphones that you'd be wise to skim through while you're out to buy.
1. SOUL SL300WB
These headphones from Soul are quite comfortable to tell the truth. But anything positive about this product just ends about there. The sound is unpleasantly harsh and the bass is too loud. The sound is very unclear especially in the case of songs with techno music. (Read full review here.)
2. Philips SHQ3000
Advertising
Philips SHQ3000 headphones may be waterproof and sweat proof, but they are terrible at what a headphone actually needs to do: produce quality sound. They're not comfortable to wear, and the earbuds are not rubbery, but rather stiff. This causes pain during prolonged use. (Read full review here.)
3. Apple Earpods
Whenever Apple comes out with a new product, we expect a lot from it. However, even the perfectionists like Apple fail to get things right sometimes. One such instance is their release of Apple Earpods headphones. Many users have complained that they don't fit securely into the ears, and that they let in a lot of sound from the outside while also leaking some of the audio. They're not much of an improvement over the previous Apple release Apple Earbuds, and we wouldn't recommend buying them. (Read full review here.)
4. AKG Q 701
When a headphone is endorsed by a legend such as Quincy Jones, one expects great things from it. But AKG Q 701, Quincy Jones signature headphones, fail to meet our expectations. They are very large to wear, and, thus, not fit for use as portable headphones. The bass is also rather weak, and since they are open-backed, they let a lot of sound out. (Read full review here.)
5. Bose QC15
Bose headphones have always offered excellent noise-cancelling performance over the years. Bose's QC15 headphones are no exception. So why are they here? Well, For one they are priced excessively high. The noise cancelling is not accompanied by superb sound, which take musical experience to a whole new level. In fact, the quality of sound is rather disappointing. The other thing is they operate on AAA batteries, so when those die out, the music also dies. (Read full review here.)
6. Skullcandy Roc Nation Aviator
Skullcandy Roc Nation Aviator headphones seem to have been designed with greater focus on appearance than audio quality. They're too light on bass and definitely not for those expecting huge sound. The price is also rather expensive, and what you pay seems to be for design and brand name rather than the quality of sound. Another problem with these headphones is that the jack they come with wears out easily, and it's hard to find replacement for them. (Read full review here.)
Advertising
7. Beats Studio
Beats Studio headphones are overpriced compared to their competitors out there in the market. They sound very poor at high frequencies, and also have some distortion on the deep bass. Furthermore, they fail to satisfy us at noise cancelling department, too. To put it short, Beats Studio headphones fail to live up to their hefty price tag. (Read full review here.)
8. House of Marley Exodus
House of Marley's Exodus headphones create rather high clamping pressure and aren't definitely recommended for hours at a time. The sound also has a slight tremor since the ears of the headphones are not dulled on their inner surface. This means that when the cord scratches against even little things, you're going to hear significant scratching noises.
9. Beyerdynamic DT770
Beyerdynamic DT770 headphones may serve some purpose for the bass lovers out there, but they certainly are not for jazz and rock ‘n' roll lovers. They've also been reported to sound significantly cluttered at mid bass frequencies. Their similarly-priced rivals offer far more detail and resolve. The DT770s don't shut out external noise as much as a good pair of noise-reducing in-ear headphones do either. (Read full review here.)
10. Beats Solo
At a whopping $300, we expected a lot more from headphones that cost as much as Beats solo headphones. But they are all about design and glossy appearance. The bass is too big and the mid-range sounds way-off. For most music, these headphones do not sound natural at all. The sound quality already is mediocre at best and it further disappoints with poor construction. Users have reported that that the cases have busted up within few months. So we simply do not recommend them to audiophiles. (Read full review here.)
Featured photo credit: Over ears headphones via bestandworstever.blogspot.com via 2.bp.blogspot.com
Seeking a new, nuanced position on homosexuality among their party men, BJP Member of the Legislative Council and president of the Mumbai unit of the BJP Ashish Shelar has shocked many in their party by stating that they support demands for protection of gay rights, though they are not really promoting gay sex. Given that it's an issue affecting a community of nearly four crore people in India, Shelar's comments have been widely welcomed, reflecting a fresh position in the BJP that has otherwise held a mostly conservative view on the subject.
In fact, soon after the Supreme Court ruling upholding Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) that bans gay sex, then BJP president Rajnath Singh had welcomed the SC decision, stating that gay sex was ‘unnatural' and could not be supported.
Shelar says, "Singh had said that they do not support the promotion of gay sex. But, promotion and protection are two different things. I am talking about protecting their rights for resolving the issue practically. So, in this regard, my views are the same as that of Singh. As far as the party's view is concerned, the party president will take a call on it. As a BJP leader, I am insisting that we must have a national debate on an issue on which a community of four crore people has been raising its voice for some time.”
Shelar, 42, is a resident of Bandra (W) in suburban Mumbai and is a lawyer by profession. They were twice elected as a corporator from 2002 to 20012. In 2009, Shelar lost the Assembly election from the Bandra constituency to Congress MLA Baba Siddiqui by a narrow margin of 1500 votes. They were elected MLC a couple of years back.
“There should be a national debate on the issue. There is a very large number of people who have been campaigning against Section 377. One needs to look at the issue on humanitarian grounds. I think Parliament cannot ignore something that affects a large number of people in the country,” added Shelar, who enjoys the support of large sections of upscale Bandra and Khar. Shelar has been preparing to contest the upcoming Assembly election from Bandra and has also been spending their MLC funds for projects in the locality, said a BJP leader.
Shelar further said that they would take the issue forward with the party's state and central leadership and also with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting for a national debate on the issue in Parliament.
Asked if they are politicising the issue in view of the upcoming Assembly elections, they were dismissive, saying they have no political agenda behind their comments. “I don't want to politicize the issue but want to resolve it practically. So, I am for legalizing the gay sex. I will ask for a discussion on the issue in the party's state executive council to decide whether it should be part of the party's election campaign,” Shelar added.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Urban Military Martial Law
The latest episode in the ghettofication of urban slums into an armed camp for interment is playing out in Baltimore. Lock down was used in Boston after the Marathon Race false flag experiment, now the time tested urban unrest brings back the LA Rodney King riots as an excuse for mob rule. Ah, yes, the pandering media never misses an opportunity to blame racism as the cause for a dysfunctional society, while ignoring the essential consequences of abandoning Posse Comitatus.
Are you ready for a “Long Hot Summer”? The prospects for urban riots are hyped as a breach of domestic security. The mass propaganda media does not waste a moment to ratchet up the tension and fear that torching neighborhoods will come to a community in your area. If people were able to apply critical thinking, they would realize that local incidents are being managed to increase and spread discontent nationwide. That asphalt jungle is paved with assault vehicles moving into place before your own eyes. The purpose is to manage disorder with the imposition of military tactics. As urban fires burn, advocates of an authoritarian police state implement their master plan for the final destruction of America.
The unequivocal voice of straight talk, Brother Nathaniel explains that the Baltimore Riots...Prelude to Urban War. If this video analysis is too disturbing because “PC” purity prevents facing up to fact that the “Great Society” has turned the country into an urban war zone, no serious debate on the fallout of race baiting can occur.
Set aside the Rev. “tax cheat” Sharpton divide and extort maneuvers or the “Whorealdo” Rivera injection of their own self into the FAUX news story and confront the nature of the federalization of urbanized cities.
The always reliable and insightful John W. Whitehead writes an important viewpoint in Turning America into a Battlefield: A Blueprint for Locking Down the Nation.
“The problem arises when you start to add Jade Helm onto the list of other troubling developments that have taken place over the past 30 years or more: the expansion of the military industrial complex and its influence in Washington DC, the rampant surveillance, the corporate-funded elections and revolving door between lobbyists and elected officials, the militarized police, the loss of our freedoms, the injustice of the courts, the privatized prisons, the school lockdowns, the roadside strip searches, the military drills on domestic soil, the fusion centers and the simultaneous fusing of every branch of law enforcement (federal, state and local), the stockpiling of ammunition by various government agencies, the active shooter drills that are indistinguishable from actual crises, the economy flirting with near collapse, etc.
Suddenly, the overall picture seems that much more sinister. Clearly, as I point out in my new book Battlefield America: The War on the American People, there's a larger agenda at work here.
Seven years ago, the U.S. Army War College issued a report calling on the military to be prepared should they need to put down civil unrest within the country. Summarizing the report, investigative journalist Chris Hedges declared, “The military must be prepared, the document warned, for a ‘violent, strategic dislocation inside the United States,' which could be provoked by ‘unforeseen economic collapse,' ‘purposeful domestic resistance,' ‘pervasive public health emergencies' or ‘loss of functioning political and legal order.' The ‘widespread civil violence,' the document said, ‘would force the defense establishment to reorient priorities in extremis to defend basic domestic order and human security.'”
In order to understand the profound transmutation from “Peace Keeping”, to “Law Enforcement” and now into a militarized Martial Law environment, the focus and apprehension on the ultimate game plan needs to be the basis of any dialogue. One aspect that reveals the hands of the federal connection is citied In 2008 Obama Revealed Their Plan for Law Enforcement… and Now They Have the Perfect Excuse, which illustrates the transformation of law enforcement into a military command structure under Homeland Security.
“Coupling that with the consistent pattern of Obama injecting the feds into incidents like the one involving Brown, Eric Garner and now Freddie Gray in Baltimore, it seems as if Obama and their DOJ have the perfect excuse to begin implementation of their national police program, which could lead to a devastating impediment of the rights of American citizens.
It may have taken Obama most of their presidency to act on their sinister intentions to nationalize major police forces in order to bolster their liberal agenda, but make no mistake about it — it's here.”
Sober and critical observers admit that the real danger comes from the federalization of local police powers. While media distractions report on the Black Lives Matter Movement, the crucial question absent to the “so called” aggrieved community is why “On average, 1,876 black babies are aborted every day in the United States.”
Maturing beyond simple injection of propaganda is difficult for the diminished mental capacity of manipulated and confused residents. The outrage of thugs just does not rise to the same level of responsible citizens. While civil liberties extend to all people, not everyone has earned the respect of their fellow neighbors.
If folks want to better themselves, the first step is to perceive the nature of the deception that divides all people and should be our common cause for action.
The essay, Is the Federal Government Ready for War Against the American People?; sets the stage for the pertinent issue that should unite everyone.
“Hence, the tightening of the noose with fed up Americans sick and tired of being brutally victimized and betrayed by its crime cabal government that's now out to kill us law abiding citizens using the excuse of martial law to go on the offensive to quell the very civil unrest that the federal government intentionally created and caused in the first place. Washington's been not-so-covertly preparing for this day of reckoning ever since 9/11 to wage war against its own people. And through globalization what's been tragically happening here in the US has also been taking place insidiously throughout the industrial world - in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Israel and most all of Europe. All these Western nations are controlled by the same oligarch globalists whose NWO agenda successfully fabricated and invented their war on terror in order to enact counterterrorism laws completely draconian in nature that effectively destroy our freedoms while enslaving us in the twenty-first century version of George Orwell's totalitarian nightmare come true.”
The context of urban riots must be viewed from the perspective of the NWO global plan to herd the sheeple into metropolitan concentration camps. The intentional destruction of a black community has been successful. Other ethnic groups and people of all color will experience this same devastation because individuals refuse to confront that the “so called” benefits of the welfare society has dumbed down each person to the lowest level of the cumulative culture.
When the federal authorities dictate that the streets of urban America will look like a Fallujah war zone, don't be surprised. It is deliberate. The New American reports in the article, Military and Police in Florida Practice Detaining Citizens.
“The “urban warfare” exercises had been announced earlier in the month without much fanfare by authorities and local media outlets. However, last week, a dramatic video of the dangerous drill, already viewed by hundreds of thousands of people, sparked widespread alarm about the true purpose of the exercises. A spokesperson for the Tampa-based U.S. Special Operations Command cited in media reports downplayed the exercise as merely “routine” training for overseas missions. But more than a few critics say the Obama administration is actually up to no good — potentially even training to impose martial law and overt tyranny on the American people following some sort of crisis.”
With the direct involvement of the central military command, conditions foreshadow valid apprehension that the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is ready for widespread rollout.
This trend goes unreported by the press because the narrative of race baiting is the official story that the establishment is ordered to publish. Diversion media is big business. Consolidation of state power is a step towards the eventual merger into a world government. Keeping a dependency population distracted from the core conspirators, who use the military-industrial-security complex as their enforcement arm, is the true story behind the Baltimore disturbance.
Unfortunately, the only script followed by gang members is to burn down their own neighborhoods. A half century of LBJ's social welfare experiment, as a model for upward mobility, produced a plantation for all citizens. With the prospects of expanded martial law, The Psychotic Militarization of Law Enforcement has moved well beyond mere training exercises.
As the Homeland dictatorship tightens the noose on America, a sincere conversation about internal unrest must begin if there is any chance to reverse the lock down environment. More and direct military patrolling should never become normal. Wake up to the Global Gulag coming to a town you call home.
23-07-2015 | Remy van Elst | Text only version of this article
Table of Contents
An original PDP-8/i.
In this guide I'll show you how run the classic Colossal Cave Adventure game on a PDP-8, emulated by the SIMH emulator. The PDP-8 was an 12 bit minicomputer made in 1964 by DEC, the Digital Equipment Corporation. We will install and set up SIMH, the emulator with a RK05 diskimage running OS/8. We will use FORTRAN on OS/8 to load ADVENTURE, then we use our brain to play the game. As a bonus, I also show you how to edit files using EDIT, and show you a bit of the OS/8 system.
Introduction
I've recently accuired a PDP-8 remake, the PiDP-8/i by Oscar Vermeulen. This beautiful piece of hand made hardware uses a Raspberry Pi to emulate a PDP-8 with SIMH. The front panel actually works, you can use the switched to load paper tapes, the RIM and BIN loader and all the other legacy goodness. It is a bit smaller than a real PDP-8, it is scale 2:3. The real PDP-8 has 1.5 cm switched, the PiDP-8 has 1.0 cm switches.
I have an interest in legacy systems like the PDP-11, VAX/VMS and other mainframes and minicomputers. The PiDP-8/i allows me to have a small piece of this legacy myself. It also motivated me to learn more about the PDP-8 and it's hard and software. It also inspired me to write this article about it. Since these systems are way older than me, emulation and recreation are the only way for me to use them, sadly.
I really encourage you to check out the PiDP-8. Order one as well, you can either get a kit to construct yourself, or order an assembled version. Support this beautiful piece of work!
SIMH is an emulator which not only emulates a PDP-8, but a lot older mainframes and minicomputers. See the website for more information about SIMH.
This guide shows you how to run the classic Colossal Cave ADVENTURE game on an emulated PDP-8 with SIMH. We will use Ubuntu 14.04 as our host operating system, but any OS that runs SIMH will do.
If you like this article, consider sponsoring me by trying out a Digital Ocean VPS. With this link you'll get a $5 VPS for 2 months free (as in, you get $10 credit). (referral link)
Colossal Cave was written by Willie Crowther and quickly became one of the most popular games of that time. Because it was written in FORTRAN it was ported to various machines, even to the IBM-PC and the Apple II.
The PDP-8 can run plain paper tapes with software, but later in it's lifetime it got access to magnetic disks and therefore is able to run actual operating systems. The ADVENTURE game runs, via FORTRAN, on the OS/8 operating system for the PDP-8. Wikipedia has more information on OS/8, that is a very interesting read.
An original PDP-8/i with attached periferals.
We will use a disk image graciously provided by Rick Murphy with both OS/8 and the adventure program already compiled in it. You can download it from Rick Murphy's website (direct link to the rk5) or from here. This is a disk image in the RK05 DECpak disk format. The RK05 is a moving head magnetic disk drive approximately 2.5 MB on a 14", single-platter IBM-2315-style front-loading removable disk cartridge.
An original RK05 drive with a mounted RT-11 disk pack.
Installing and configuring SIMH
First create a folder where you will store the disk image and the configuration files, and go in that folder:
mkdir pdp8 cd pdp8
Ubuntu, and many other operating systems, have packages available for SIMH. We can use the built-in package manager to install simh:
apt-get install simh
If your distro doesn't have simh, see their website for installation instructions.
Download the prepared disk image:
wget https://raymii.org/s/inc/downloads/pdp/advent.rk05
To make the start up proces easier you can set up an 'pdp8.ini' file with a few commands in it. SIMH will load and run these commands at startup if you execute the pdp8 command.
Our pdp8.ini file has the following in it:
set cpu 32K set cpu idle attach rk0 advent.rk05 boot rk0 exit
First it sets up the CPU. Then it attached the advent.rk05 file as the first disk and finally it boots up from that attached disk.
Do note that you don't need to create this file, you can also enter these commands manually at the simh prompt.
Running the PDP-8
In the current folder, execute the following command to start up simh with our configuration file:
pdp8
If all goes well, you should see something like below:
$ pdp8 PDP-8 simulator V3.8-1 .
Some distributions, like Arch name the command simh-pdp8 . It does the same thing.
Congratiulations, you are now in a 1960's era operating system. Look around a bit, for example, execute the DIR command:
.DIR DIRECT.SV 7 FRTS .SV 26 BASIC .WS 11 PIP .SV 11 PASS2 .SV 20 SET .SV 20 FOTP .SV 8 PASS2O.SV 5 RTFLOP.SV 15 [...] BRTS .SV 15 LCSYS .BI 3 ADVENT.LD 145 F4 .SV 20 UCSYS .BI 3 LOAD .LS 8 162 FILES IN 2648 BLOCKS - 544 FREE BLOCKS
You can get help at any moment using the HELP command:
.HELP <[?3L[?4L[?5L[?5LHJ\ OS/8 MONITOR COMMANDS CMD PROG EXPL ASSIGN KBM ASSIGNS LOGICAL NAME BACKSP CAMP BACKSPACES DEV BASIC BASIC ENTERS BASIC SYSTEM BOOT BOOT BOOTSTRAPS TO DEV CCL CCL DISABLES CCL COMPARE SRCCOM COMPARES FILES COMPILE PAL8 COMPILES PROG F4/FORT BASIC RALF SABR COPY FOTP COPIES FILES CREATE EDIT OPENS FILE FOR EDITING [...] #NNN TAKE INTERNAL OCTAL FORM OF FILENAME @FILE REPLACE IN CMD LINE BY FILE'S CONTENTS $ COMPLEMENT DEFAULT ALTMODE SWITCH
Editing files on OS/8 with EDIT
If you just want to run adventure, skip this section.
You can edit a file for example, using a LINE EDITOR. First create the file, in this example, A.PA .
.CREATE A.PA #
You can edit files with the EDIT command later on.
Your prompt changes from a . to a # . If this is an existing file, you must read the first page into the buffer by typing
#R
To insert text at the top of the buffer, use I . To append to the end, use A .
#I THIS IS A TEST
Press CTRL+L to exit the edit prompt.
You can start inserting before any line by typing $nI where $n is the line number (which is never displayed). For example, to insert a line before line 20, use 20I .
The L command lists the current buffer:
#L THIS IS A TEST
5L displays line 5 and 1,5L displays lines 1 through 5. . indicates the current line. If you type .L the current line is displayed.
To delete a line, use $nD where $n is . or a line number. To change a line use $nC where $n is . or a line number. It deletes the line indicated by $n , then waits for you to type in a replacement.
As said, EDIT reads a page from disk into the buffer. When you are done with that page and ready to move to the next type N . This writes the existing page to the output file ( P command), clears the buffer ( K command), and reads the next page from the input file ( R command). You can use the P , K , and R commands individually, but be careful. Doing these commands out of sequence can mess up your file.
When you are done editing, use the E command to exit. This will write the current buffer to the output file, then copy all remaining pages from the input to the output file if you aren't already on the last page.
#E
You can use the TYPE command to see the contents of a file:
.TYPE A.PA THIS IS A TEST
See this page for a detailed guide on using PDP-8 EDIT.
Running Adventure
To run Adventure we first need to run the FORTRAN environment. Start it up with the following command R FRTS :
.R FRTS *
Your prompt changes to a * . The HELP command explains what the R command does:
R KBM RUNS PROGRAM FROM SYS:
Tell the FORTRAN system we want to load Adventure with the following command, ADVENT.LD :
*ADVENT.LD
Press the ESCAPE key on your keyboard to start the execution. Below you'll find the full sequence of commands plus some ADVENTURE output:
$ pdp8 PDP-8 simulator V3.8-1 .R FRTS *ADVENT *$ WELCOME TO ADVENTURE!! WOULD YOU LIKE INSTRUCTIONS? > NO YOU ARE STANDING AT THE END OF A ROAD BEFORE A SMALL BRICK BUILDING. AROUND YOU IS A FOREST. A SMALL STREAM FLOWS OUT OF THE BUILDING AND DOWN A GULLY. > ENTER YOU ARE INSIDE A BUILDING, A WELL HOUSE FOR A LARGE SPRING. THERE ARE SOME KEYS ON THE GROUND HERE. THERE IS A SHINY BRASS LAMP NEARBY. THERE IS FOOD HERE. THERE IS A BOTTLE OF WATER HERE. > TAKE LAMP TAKEN. >
To exit SIMH and the PDP-8, press CTRL+E . SIMH will stop and you will be back at your command prompt.
You can view some more help on the PDP-8 SIMH version by executing (in OS/8) the following command:
.TYPE ADVENT.DC
Enjoy!
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte Trogneux, near their home on Saturday
Voter turnout in the second round of France's parliamentary election is sharply down on the last vote five years ago, official statistics show.
Turnout was 35.3% at 17:00 local time (16:00 BST) on Sunday, down from 46.42% at the same time in the 2012 election.
The second-round vote is a run-off between the top candidates from last Sunday's first round.
President Emmanuel Macron is hoping to obtain a strong mandate in parliament to help them pursue their reform plans.
Their La République en Marche (Republic on the Move or LREM) with its MoDem allies is expected to win most seats.
Traditional parties are urging voters to back Mr Macron's rivals to stop a monopolisation of power.
President Macron formed their party just over a year ago, and half of its candidates have little or no political experience.
They include a retired bullfighter, a Rwandan refugee and a mathematician.
A party needs 289 seats to control the 577-seat National Assembly. LREM is predicted to win more than 400.
What happened in part one?
In the first round Mr Macron's LREM and MoDem won 32.3% of the vote.
The centre-right Republicans had 21.5%, while the far-right National Front (FN) had 13.2%, followed by the far-left La France Insoumise (France Unbowed) on just over 11%.
The Socialists, previously France's ruling party, and their allies won just 9.5%.
However, the turnout was low, despite claims that President Macron had re-energised the voting public.
Analysts said it reflected a sense of resignation among theirs opponents.
Who is in the second round?
Only four seats were settled in the first round.
The second round will see the two top-placed contenders for each seat facing each other, along with any other candidate who won the support of at least 12.5% of registered voters in the district.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Among the LREM candidates who will compete in the second round are Marie Sara, Hervé Berville and Cédric Villani
Here are some of the key battles to look out for:
Ex-Education Minister Najat Vallaud-Belkacem could be turfed out of their Rhône seat by Bruno Bonnell from LREM
National Front MP Gilbert Collard is neck and neck with ex-bullfighter and LREM candidate Marie Sara
Manuel Valls, the unpopular Socialist ex-prime minister rejected as a candidate by both LREM and the Socialists, is tipped for victory in their Essonne seat
Leading centre-right figure Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet has a real fight on their hands against LREM novice Gilles Le Gendre
FN leader Marine Le Pen is likely to win in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France where they are facing LREM novice Anne Roquet
Far-left ex-presidential candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon is expected to win their battle in Marseille against LREM first-timer, Corinne Versini
Image copyright AFP Image caption FN leader Marine Le Pen is likely to regain their seat
Is Macron the anti-Trump?
Can Macron's new party win majority they need?
What are the challenges for Macron?
Mr Macron, 39, defeated Marine Le Pen in the presidential run-off in May.
They need a majority to push through the changes that they promised in their campaign, which include:
Budget savings of €60bn (£51bn; $65bn) in the next five years
Cutting the number of public servants by 120,000
Reforming the labour market and generous state pension schemes, bringing them into line with private schemes
Macron's economic plans
Huawei has got a big surprise lined up for us, barely a month after gifting us some real machines in the Mate 9, Mate 9 Pro and Mate 9 Porsche Design. The company is set to unveil its own concept phone dubbed Huawei Honor Magic but which we were yet to see in leaks before now. However, Huawei seems to have stylishly leaked the render of the concept phone in a teased poster announcing the scheduled December 16 launch date for the Huawei concept phone and sure, it is launching under the Honor brand.
The Huawei Honor Magic phone's outline could be seen in the GIF image appearing out of what looks like the moon. The concept phone's design and outline comes out pretty distinct revealing what would likely be a curved screen device on all four sides. The Huawei Mate 9 Pro features a dual curved screen display but the Concept phone will take it a tad higher by getting a curved display on all four sides.
Read More: Yet More Details About the Huawei Concept Phone Emerge
In addition to the innovative design, the Huawei Concept phone had been revealed to feature the latest graphene-assisted battery technology that offers super fast charging. The concept device is also touted to come without any physical capacitive keys or aperture for cameras and other onboard ports and sensors but to use a peripheral device that it will connect to. We can't be so sure about that, though.
According to the teaser, the Honor Magic launches on December 16, so we just can't wait to see what Huawei has in store for us. As always, we'll keep you updated on this one here on Gizmochina.
New Howarth Park locomotive ready for inaugural ride
What: C.P. Huntington Engine #392 Dedication Ceremony Where: Howarth Park, Santa Rosa When: 10-11 a.m., public rides 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., weather permitting Info: howarthpark.com
There's a new engine in town. Just over two months after Howarth Park in Santa Rosa retired its 50-year-old Engine #74, the park is preparing to celebrate the inaugural ride of its C.P. Huntington Engine #392.
This Saturday, starting at 10 a.m., the park will dedicate its newest attraction, followed by VIP rides until 11 a.m. From 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., the train will open to the public for $2 rides around the track. The dedication ceremony will take place rain or shine, but all train rides are weather permitting.
The ceremony is the official start of this year's train season, running Saturdays and Sundays (Feb. 4 - June 11), 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Find out more information at howarthpark.com.
In their advanced rendering talk at GDC Valve's Alex Vlachos revealed plans to release a rendering plugin in the coming weeks for Unity, as well as its source code, that more efficiently renders scenes for VR. The efficiencies could mean older and less expensive graphics cards — even ones as old as the 2012 680 generation of NVIDIA cards — might be able to run SteamVR and, by extension, the HTC Vive.
“As long as the GPU can hit 45 HZ we want for people to be able to run VR,” Vlachos told UploadVR after the talk. “We've said the recommended spec is a 970, same as Oculus, but we do want lesser GPUs to work. We're trying to reduce the cost [of VR].”
Neither Oculus nor Valve have released a “minimum” specification to run their respective VR platforms. What they've released instead is a “recommended” specification. Both consumers and developers have been told by PC-powered headset manufacturers to have at least an NVIDIA GTX 970 or AMD 290 in systems to run VR at 90 HZ. This means the graphics cards in a Rift- or Vive-ready PC are expected to pump out a stream of images, 90 of them for each eye every second, to smoothly trick the mind into perceiving a virtual world. The recommended specification means the most expensive single component in a VR-ready PC costs buyers around $300-$400. The high cost of this one component bumps up the price of the overall PC needed for VR to around $1,000.
If the “minimum” requirements for the Vive or Rift could be lowered, but still hit that magic number of 90 frames each second, however, then early adopters have more options for bringing the technology into their homes. A dedicated PC gamer could, for example, buy a Vive for $800 and use their existing PC to run it at the minimum specification. The visuals seen in VR might not look as good as the “recommended” specification but they also might not be stomach-churning.
In their talk, Vlachos outlined a series of strategies grouped together as “adaptive quality” that would essentially cut corners rendering images for VR in ways that are less perceivable. One example called “fixed foveated rendering” reduces the graphics load for a GPU by prioritizing the pixels in the center of an image because those near the edges are less likely to be noticed. If high-quality eye-tracking sensors make it into future VR headsets, similar technology can further reduce the graphics requirements necessary to make highly immersive VR work by only rendering the pixels directly in front of the eye. The approach Vlachos described, however, didn't rely on eye-tracking.
“I can run Aperture [a graphically rich Valve-built VR experience] on a 680 without dropping frames at a lower quality, and, for me, that's enough of a proof of concept,” Vlachos said. “Most art we're seeing in VR isn't as dense as that. So we should be pretty good to go…everything should be able to support that low-end hardware. But we need the right safety nets in place.”
PlayStation VR this week made big headlines by announcing its headset starts at $400. When combined with the PlayStation 4 and accessories, the overall package is much less expensive than a PC-powered system. We don't know what Oculus is planning yet, but it seems Valve is trying to reduce the cost disparity. We'll bring you updates as we learn more.
Tagged with: foveated, htc vive, rendering, valve
Australia must weigh up competing rights and look at the gaps in its laws, Santow says
It's been a good end to the year for Ed Santow.
Before I can ask about the upcoming religious freedom inquiry under Philip Ruddock, Santow rattles off three big wins in their area of responsibility at the Australian Human Rights Commission.
First, Australia became the 25th country to legalise marriage equality after the unprecedented national postal survey.
Second, the family court ruled, after the AHRC intervened in the case, that Australia's transgender teenagers will no longer have to apply to the court to get access to hormone treatment.
And third, Australia ratified the optional protocol to the convention against torture.
Philip Ruddock to examine if Australian law protects religious freedom Read more
But Santow will now have to pull together AHRC submissions by the 31 January deadline for the panel led by Ruddock, a former attorney general, which will review religious freedom in Australia.
During the marriage debate, the meaning of “religious freedom” was hotly contested. The Liberal senator Dean Smith, at first supported by Malcolm Turnbull, maintained that their bill did not restrict religious freedom; senators James Paterson and David Fawcett argued that a raft of legal changes were needed to allow service providers to refuse to cater to weddings.
Santow explains that international human rights law protects religious freedom in two main ways: the right to hold a religious belief, which they say is “absolute and there can be no restriction on that”; and to manifest it, which they say is “very important but can be subject to some restrictions under human rights law”.
“The way one person manifests their right can impact another's rights and interests – it's about trying to create accommodation between potential conflicts.”
Santow says protection of freedom in religion in Australia is “piecemeal”. There is a “strong but narrow” protection in section 116 of the constitution, which says the government cannot prohibit the free exercise of religion, but there are gaps in other laws.
“There is no freestanding protection in our anti-discrimination law, at the federal level, against discrimination on the basis of religion,” they say. “That's an anomaly in many ways.”
Santow says closing that gap would be “the most obvious” way for Australia to implement its obligations under article 18 of the international covenant on civil and political rights.
They say Australia “hasn't fully implemented” provisions that ban hate speech against people on the basis of their religion.
Marriage equality law passes Australia's parliament in landslide vote Read more
That may entail something like applying section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act – which bans speech that insults, offends or humiliates people based on their race – to discriminatory speech against religious people.
In a textbook case of the difficulty of balancing rights, in March the Senate blocked the government's push to weaken section 18C by nudging the balance in favour of freedom of speech and away from non-discrimination.
The international covenant says freedom to manifest religious belief “may be subject only to such limitations as are prescribed by law and are necessary to protect public safety, order, health or morals or the fundamental rights and freedoms of others”.
Santow says this calls for a “commonsense approach” – that impositions on freedom to manifest religious belief must be proportionate, clear and “absolutely necessary to protect other legitimate interests”.
“How we achieve that accommodation is a mark of how embracing we are of diversity of our community,” they say. “If one right is permitted to completely swamp all other rights, that will really diminish the level of freedom that ordinary people will be able to enjoy.”
A new appointee to the Ruddock review panel, Nicholas Aroney, has warned in their academic writing that religious freedom risks becoming a second-class right to anti-discrimination.
Just Equal's spokesperson, Rodney Croome, seized on the remarks as indicating a view that “religious freedom trumps other rights, including equality”.
Santow declines to comment on the implications for marriage service providers, except to say that there are gaps that need to be filled for both rights. Asked how to balance the two in the context of marriage, Santow says: “It's a difficult debate. The balance in the law that just passed is a pragmatic one,” they say, although they accept that reasonable minds can differ on that point.
Santow notes that it provides “very significant” protection to religious ministers to refuse to solemnise weddings.
We are the only liberal democracy that doesn't have a national human rights act or constitutional bill of rights Ed Santow
“By saying civil celebrants may not have that same choice open to them – I guess what parliament is saying is there is a difference between religious marriage and civil marriage.”
Religious institutions get strong protection because society considers organised religion “unique and special ... as opposed to someone individually who may be motivated by a particular religious belief”.
Despite all the focus on religious freedom, Santow says, Australia has not incorporated all its international human rights law obligations into domestic law.
“We are the only liberal democracy that doesn't have a national human rights act or constitutional bill of rights.
“That leaves gaps in freedom of expression, association, the right to life and many others. Whether we reconsider This is a question for the community.”
Santow says they have “no concern” at the focus on religious freedom, explaining it is normal to deal with human rights questions as and when they arise in public debate. They say it's perfectly possible to deal with religious freedom while also considering other human rights law questions.
Santow is on record as supporting a human rights act, an idea rejected as recently as 2009 after a review by another Ruddock panel appointee, Frank Brennan. But they note that reform processes “have to have strong popular and political support”.
Another thorny question for the AHRC will be its position on sharia and other religious laws.
Australia ratifies UN protocol, agreeing to mainland detention centre inspections Read more
Aroney has argued that recognising religious freedom should include acceptance of sharia within “strictly justifiable limits imposed by the general law”. But the home affairs minister, Peter Dutton, has warned that “there's no way I'll be supporting a process that gives rise to a push for sharia law”.
“We don't have a position, it's something we will consider carefully in drafting our submission,” Santow says. “Any religious organisation has significant freedom to run its own affairs … [but] there are limits and … the state will carefully intervene where any religious organisation commits harmful practices.”
Asked if private disputes, such as wills or divorces, could be handled differently because participants are adherents of a particular religion, Santow says it “happens anyway”.
They give the example of an Orthodox Jewish couple who divorce under Australian civil law. A parallel “second religious set of requirements” can exist to deal with the religious marriage according to Orthodox Jewish principles “provided that second set of requirements isn't going to harm each other or anyone else”, Santow says.
Marriage equality advocates expect Santow to have the careful, rational approach to legal problems that will guarantee a judicious and influential contribution from the AHRC to the debate on religious freedom.
But – as they observe with respect to calls for a human rights act – it is the government that controls the reform process and it's up to the people to decide how the law finds its balance.
MELBOURNE Victory have capped off an exceptional year, winning a historic treble by beating Perth Glory in the FFA Cup final.
Already lifting the Championship and Premiership double in the 2014-15 season, goals from new signing Oliver Bozanic and big game specialist Besart Berisha sent the 15,098 crowds into raptures.
MATCH REPORT: Victory power past Glory to lift FFA Cup
Berisha, who had scored in every game of the FFA Cup this season, added to their vital Victory goals by grabbing a wonderful goal to end the first half, where the home side had dominated.
Winning the FFA Cup, Victory became only the second side in Australian football history to win the Premiership, Championship, Cup treble, following on from Melbourne Knights in 1994-95, although then the NSL Cup was considered a pre-season cup.
You can also re-live action in our blog below ...
In an effort to reach the fourth chamber in the Amphipolis tomb, the excavation crew reached an 8.4 square meter vault and found an almost intact marble door weighing 1.5 tons.
According to an official announcement by the Greek Ministry of Culture, the removal of the backfilling earth from the fourth chamber exposed a vault dug on the natural slate floor. The vault has a surface of 4X2.10 meters and its floor is sealed with limestone. In addition, a marble door that belongs to the third chamber with dimensions 2X0.90X0.15 meters, weighing 1.5 tons, was found with only a small part missing.
Parts of the limestone remain intact and are connected to the side walls. On the west part of the floor, there is an incline caused by the floor caving in. On the east part, the limestone is in place. The stones from the west wall will be removed to facilitate supporting and bracing works.
The report describes the vault as filled with soil, like the rest of the monument, and the removal of soil has led to a depth of 1.40 meters so far and it looks like it goes much deeper. The second door was found inside the soil. The removal of soil is continuing uninterrupted.
Meanwhile, sensors that measure distortion have been put in order to measure the sturdiness of the supporting mechanisms during excavation and supporting works. Support beams have been placed on walls, as well as on the domes of the second and third chamber.
Update: Smartphone users received an urgent emergency alert today, saying, “Hight temps expected. Check on neighbors. Drink water.” It also advises residents to seek out cooler spaces. Here's a map of cooling stations currently open around San Francisco.
Don't pull out that oversized scarf just yet. The autumnal chill in the air is but a fleeting one—at least for now. Temperatures in the San Francisco and South Bay areas will warm up this week, culminating Wednesday or Thursday afternoon with another heat wave, according to the National Weather Service.
“When temperatures peak on Wednesday or Thursday, 80s will be widespread along the coast and residents of inland areas may experience temperatures in the low to mid 90s,” reports Bay City News Service. “The forecast for San Francisco on Wednesday is 88 degrees.”
San Francisco will not feel the recording-breaking temperatures that soared past the 105 mark. If you recall, earlier this month Baghdad by the Bay saw the mercury rise to its highest recorded levels ever, hitting a steep 106 degrees and breaking the previous high of 103.
But this week's heatwave (fingers crossed) will only reach the high 80s.
For those of you who want to beat the proverbial heat, check out the best beaches in the Bay Area or best public spots where you can swim for under $10.
The nation's top oil group wants the Trump administration to allow offshore drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico.
Bolstered by last week's offshore drilling order from President Trump, the American Petroleum Institute (API) said Monday it wants regulators to consider allowing drilling in new tracts of the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico.
“The eastern Gulf is in close proximity to existing production and infrastructure, and opening it would spur investment and economic activity that could create thousands of jobs and provide billions of dollars in government revenue,” Erik Milito, API's upstream and industry operations group director, said during a conference call with reporters.
ADVERTISEMENT
Federal law prohibits oil drilling in the Gulf within 125 miles of the coast of Florida. That moratorium is due to expire in 2022, the same year the federal government is scheduled to finalize a new five-year drilling plan, though Milito said they expect Trump's Interior Department to release a new drilling blueprint before then.
Trump's order, signed Friday, instructs the Interior Department to reconsider the offshore drilling restrictions the Obama administration put in place on Arctic and Atlantic drilling.
It does not explicitly list the eastern Gulf of Mexico as an area where regulators should consider allowing drilling, but Milito said API hopes the administration will consider the region in its review.
“We're optimistic — we think that it would be essential, from an energy security standpoint, both for national security reasons and for the continuing demand for oil and gas that we're going to see for a long time, for Interior to take a serious look at the eastern Gulf of Mexico," they said.
Industry groups estimate that offshore drilling in the eastern Gulf could produce up to 1 million barrels of oil a day by 2035. But Congress formally banned drilling near the Florida coast in 2006, and some Democrats have pushed to extend the ban further.
“Drilling near Florida's coast poses a direct threat to Florida's environment and multi-billion-dollar, tourism-driven economy,” Sen. Bill Nelson Clarence (Bill) William Nelson2020 party politics in Puerto Rico There is no winning without Latinos as part of your coalition Dem 2020 candidates court Puerto Rico as long nomination contest looms MORE (D-Fla.), one of the Senate's most ardent opponents of eastern Gulf drilling, said in a statement last week.
“Ever since I was a young member of congress, I've been fighting to keep oil rigs away from Florida's coast, and I'm not going to stop now."
This week, The Long Dark developer Hinterland learned a tough lesson: If you're going to put a weeks-long countdown clock on your game's homepage, it should be counting down to something amazing—not another countdown.
A little over 20 days ago, wilderness survival sim The Long Dark started a mysterious countdown on its home page. For weeks, fans were abuzz over what would appear when it reached zero. The game's long-anticipated story mode? The promised sandbox update? When the countdown ended at 1 Eastern time on May 4, the answer turned out to be nothing but another countdown. The fans, as you might imagine, are not thrilled.
Fans' hopes and dreams had been built up even more by the fact that, prior to the countdown's end, The Long Dark went on sale on Steam, along with the mention that it would be “the last time to buy The Long Dark at early access pricing.”
Instead, when the clock reached zero, game developer Hinterland revealed that August 1, not May 4, would be the big day: The first two episodes of story mode would launch, and the game would leave Early Access after nearly three years. The sandbox update players hoped to get at the end of the countdown will go into the test branch later this month. While it will have some wanted features like mapping, Hinterland pointed out that it won't have some of the features players were looking forward to from the early access roadmap, such as moose. (Players, myself included, really want those moose.)
Advertisement
(Update: May 6, 6:42pm — Hinterland creative director Raphael van Lierop provided the following clarification on features:
“While some features we've discussed over the past months — like adding Moose and Cougar to the game, or making our Cooking system more immersive — won't make it in for the August 1 launch, our intention is to continue updating the Survival Mode (formerly Sandbox mode) throughout the remainder of 2017 and beyond. Although the Roadmap has always been an aspirational document, and we're proud of what we'll be delivering On August 1, we — more than anyone — want to see The Long Dark continue to evolve well into the future. The important thing to keep in mind is that August 1st is a beginning, not an end.”)
Hinterland also announced that the game, currently on Steam and Xbox One, would be coming to PlayStation 4. Building attention around the game in order to promote it on PS4 was part of the intention behind the countdown, as Hinterland explained in its dev blog:
I know that the PS4 announcement might not seem important if you're already playing THE LONG DARK on Steam or Xbox One, but I hope you can see how for us, it's a really monumental step in expanding the reach of this world's fiction and gameplay foundation we're building, so that we can continue to build THE LONG DARK into the experience we dream for it to be. That brings me to the recent countdown we launched at www.thelongdark.com. I know that in some corners of our community, this countdown timer was not a popular thing. Some people felt that it was insulting to be given a “timer for a timer”. I can see this and I'm sorry that it created frustration for some of you. This was certainly not our intention. It's hard to remember, sometimes, that our whole approach to Story Mode development — and the reason why we've said so little about it to date — is about building anticipation. It's also easy to forget that most of our community is waiting to come back to the game — waiting to wake up and feel excited about it again. And the PlayStation community hasn't had a chance to feel a sense of excitement or ownership for THE LONG DARK yet. As a small studio handling all our own marketing, we need to use the tools we have to get people excited about the game, and often these people are not the ones who are scouring our social media posts every day.
Advertisement
Players who had been with the game for a long time weren't satisfied with this explanation. The Long Dark subreddit lit up with the angry reactions of players feeling disappointed, misled, or abandoned by a studio that seemed more concerned with attracting new players on new platforms.
Players encouraged each other to change their Steam reviews from positive to negative to draw attention to the situation. While the new negative reviews changed the game's ‘recent reviews' status from ‘very positive' to ‘mostly positive,' The Long Dark retains its overall ‘very positive' status.
Advertisement
Not everyone is angry. Other players sent positive messages to Hinterland on Twitter or posted about their excitement on the subreddit. Hinterland has been transparent about its process and generally very communicative with players, so many were willing to forgive this lackluster reveal.
Following the response to the countdown, creative director Raphael van Lierop addressed the situation on Steam in a post ominously titled “About the Countdown”:
I'm really sorry to hear so many of you are disappointed about the info and content we released today. The countdown — that was my idea. I only had the best of intentions in trying to build up some excitement around our new trailer, the next update (coming to test branch later this month), and offering a solid release date for Story Mode, as I promised I would. I can see now that it didn't have the desired effect — building up a sense of community excitement around what's just around the corner, and also being able to invite a whole new group of players, which we're really excited about. Not because we don't like our existing players. Just because...a bigger family is more fun. I can see that we've lost some community good will, which goes against every intention we've had over the past years. I'll do everything I can to earn it back. If I could go back and do this again, I wouldn't use the countdown to try to build anticipation for the release date announcement, the new trailer, and the news about what's in the next update (coming to the Test Branch in a few weeks). Please remember that the community team at Hinterland works under my guidance, so if you are angry and want to vent, please feel free to direct it at me, and not at them. Meanwhile, our work continues... We're always learning.
It's easy to see how some fans feel burned, especially those who have been with the game from the beginning. Personally, I've barely seen all The Long Dark has to offer and am in no hurry for more content or story mode, but hardier survivors than me have long since run out of things to do.
Jon David Guerrero, 40, appears with Public Defender Danesh Tandon at a competency hearing charged with attacking five homeless men by driving railroad spikes into the heads of their victims, killing three of them in San Diego, California, U.S., March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake Reuters
By Marty Graham
SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - A San Diego man charged with impaling five street people with railroad spikes, killing three of them, was declared on Monday to be mentally fit for trial in a crime spree that terrorized the homeless community of California's second-largest city last summer.
Jon David Guerrero, 40, who has a history of mental illness and lived in "supportive housing" for homeless and individuals with special needs before their arrest, is expected to enter a plea to charges of murder, attempted murder and arson when they return to court next month.
During a brief hearing in Diego County Superior Court, defense lawyers accepted the finding of doctors treating Guerrero that they have been restored to mental competency, meaning they are capable of understanding the charges against them and assisting in their own defense.
Judge David Danielsen agreed, officially declared Guerrero fit for trial and ordered them to return to court on April 4 for arraignment.
Guerrero, dressed in green jail garb and shackled at the wrists, appeared subdued and stood expressionless in a small glass-enclosed chamber within the courtroom. They said nothing during the proceedings except to answer "yes" when the judge asked if they understood they were consenting to waiving the customary 72-hour deadline for arraignment.
The ruling, following two court-ordered psychiatric evaluations, does not preclude Guerrero's attorneys from later mounting an insanity defense - an attempt to prove the accused did not understand the difference between right and wrong at the time a crime was committed, public defender Dan Tendon said.
Guerrero is charged in five attacks over 12 days last July in which they are accused of driving railroad spikes into the heads of their victims, and setting two of them on fire. The body of the first victim was also found impaled in the chest. The two survivors told police they were attacked as they slept.
All the victims were homeless men living on the streets or in vacant lots around San Diego. Authorities have not offered a possible motive for the attacks.
Guerrero was previously convicted of robbery and had been sent to a state psychiatric hospital at least once in the past, according to prosecutors. Court records show five prior mental health matters filed under their name since 2008, all under seal.
If convicted of the charges against him, Guerrero would face a maximum penalty of life prison, unless prosecutors were to choose to seek the death penalty.
(Writing and additional reporting by Steve Gorman; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Weird, creepy, and telling.
Our dear Iranian nuke deal partners release video, threaten to break your legs and destroy the U.S. Navy
As Dan reported earlier, the more we learn about the shady, secretive, and not-at-all transparent Iran nuclear deal, the worse it gets. The more particulars we unearth, the more we find that President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry gave away the proverbial cow in exchange for some magic, radioactive, beans. Since they covered the most recent specifics, I'll just offer the following video. In it, our new pals threaten to break your legs into pieces and destroy the U.S. Navy with their secret weapon: a highly trained force composed of middle-aged beach hacky-sack enthusiasts.
Uh-oh. It looks like someone's been watching too many Jerry Bruckheimer and Michael Bay movies which, we have no doubt, are banned in Iran. Tsk tsk, Mullahs. Obviously, I joke because - let's face it - if the gloves ever came off we could decimate Iran in a few hours. However, this clip offers a glimpse into the minds of the people with whom Obama has chosen to “deal.” According to MEMRI, the spot is titled “Steadfastness 2,” and was “produced by the Organization of Islamic Information, an office under the supervision of Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei.” It's utterly baffling to think that anyone administration could watch this and think the people who made intends, in any way, to uphold their end of our “bargain.” Here's a better video about Iran:
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Robert Laurie's column is distributed by HermanCain.com, which can be found at HermanCain.com
Be sure to “like” Robert Laurie over on Facebook and follow them on Twitter. You'll be glad you did.
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
In the latest effort to undermine ObamaCare, President Trump took two major steps towards destabilizing the Affordable Care Act (ACA) last week. The first was an executive order expanding the use of weaker, less protected, health plans known as short-term and association plans.
The second eliminated the subsidies that make many insurance plans affordable to regular Americans. These efforts are a big step towards clarifying what TrumpCare is beginning to take shape as: wanton health policy unhinged from any real human outcomes.
ADVERTISEMENT
TrumpCare, is becoming clear, is having no grand policy objective other than the breakdown and implosion of ACA. Without any ultimate regard for its effect on patients, hospitals, or taxpayers, it is nothing more than health policy written for policy's sake.
In the wild push to vilify and repeal ObamaCare, the GOP, it seems, has lost the trees for the forest and forgotten the very point of having any sort of insurance system to begin with. If we take a step back and appreciate that the purpose of health policy is to protect and optimize the health of Americans at the most economically feasible cost, it becomes painfully clear that these latest moves do nothing towards that end.
By simultaneously pushing people away from plans with guaranteed protections and towards barebones plans that lack them, the Trump administration argues that it is taking steps towards making health care more affordable by making cheaper insurance plans more widely available.
While it is true that some insurance plans will be cheaper, these discount plans lack the protections that the ACA worked hard to guarantee. Short-term plans promoted by these actions, for example, do not guarantee coverage for preexisting conditions, while association plans, also given a boost by yesterday's order, lack basic protections like the one that forbids women from being charged more than men for the same services.
Republicans have previously argued that offering cheaper plans that cover less medical services is the definition of freedom. And it is indeed true that such a strategy increases the diversity of options for consumers. But this approach is a little like trying to increase the affordability of cars by eliminating the requirement for them to have seatbelts, airbags, and brakes. Would more cars be available on the market? Certainly. Would these new cars be anything that anyone wants to drive? Highly doubtful.
The push towards discount health plans that don't cover basic health services can't reasonably be called freedom in health care any more than a push towards licensing soapbox cars for use on the expressway could be called freedom to commute. It is recklessness masquerading as freedom.
The reason such a strategy is especially dangerous, however, is that unlike a car missing its seatbelt, it is not so obvious when a health plan lacks basic protections. It is often unclear what a particular insurance plan will or will not cover until it is too late. According to one survey, a meager 4 percent of Americans have a solid understanding of their health insurance plans and what they cover. In other words, patients often think they are getting a good deal, but only when they are speeding downhill into a busy intersection slamming on brakes that were never installed, do they learn why their car was so cheap.
I have seen this situation play out repeatedly in my emergency room. Tearful patients often realize only too late that their high-deductible health plan means they are on the hook for thousands of dollars of unexpected medical costs. Worse, they make poor health decisions out of fear of these costs. Whether purchased because they thought they would never get sick or because they simply couldn't afford the plan that they needed, these patients all end up suffering in the end.
After yesterday's orders, this problem will only get worse.
This race to the bottom should be concerning to people from all political stripes. Our health care debate has devolved from reasonable policy discussions to pure ideology completely united to real people and their needs. Ultimately, we need to ask ourselves: if all we are doing to expand health coverage is offering more plans with fewer services, what real value are we adding to the market?
At the end of the day, making things cheaper by simply making them worse is a sad excuse for policy. Calling that freedom is just cruel. We need to forget about dilapidated health coverage and refocus on what it is we want from health policy to begin with.
A good starting point would be what President Trump themselves declared in January, “Insurance for everybody… much less expensive, and much better.” Nothing addressed by our president thus far has advanced us a single step towards that ultimate goal.
Farzon A. Nahvi is an emergency medicine physician and clinical instructor of emergency medicine in New York City.
Evan J. Peterson learned about AIDS before they knew what “gay” meant. A child of the '80s, they recall growing up in an age when they were constantly told that sex could kill him.
“Having to form a sexual identity in that era was a burden,” they say.
Now, Peterson takes Truvada, a pre-exposure prophylaxis (“PrEP”) that lowers their risk of contracting HIV by close to 99%. The once-a-day pill allows Peterson to say he's negative with reasonable certainty, in addition to test results and the integrity of their sexual partners. “We have control of our own health,” they say. “I'm going to stay on [PrEP] until I either don't need it anymore or they pry it from my hands.”
The thing about PrEP, as it's commonly referred, is that it's expensive: roughly $1,500 a month without insurance (with insurance, it can cost anywhere from $0 to $500). Peterson, a Seattle-based professor and author of “The PrEP Diaries,” gets coverage through an employer health plan, but once relied on Washington's drug assistance program (DAP), which started covering PrEP after the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion began insuring people who used to go through DAP.
Future “PrEPers” might not be so lucky. House Republicans released a long-awaited blueprint to replace the ACA on Monday, confirming plans to eliminate Medicaid expansion and other key Obamacare features. The proposed plan would complicate PrEP access, particularly for low-income Americans in the 31 states, plus the District of Columbia, that adopted the Medicaid expansion.
The new bill would begin phasing out federal money for the expansion in 2020, likely blocking new applicants and access to meds like PrEP. If the plan passes in its current form, traditional Medicaid will be replaced by per-capita grants, a fixed-sum per person, which could result in cuts over time. And a proposed repeal of the ACA's cost-sharing assistance, which paid insurers to reduce the burden of enrollees based on their income, would make coverage more expensive for poor Americans, says Lindsey Dawson, senior HIV policy analyst of the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Gilead, Truvada's manufacturer, provides some co-pay assistance through a self-funded program, but it's unclear of how that program will fare after the ACA repeal. Gilead declined to comment.
To be clear, these are uncertain times for many facets of health care. But gutting PrEP access would mean losing a critical shield in the fight against HIV.
“No matter which way you spin it, a repeal would be devastating,” says Noël Gordon Jr., a senior program specialist for HIV prevention & health equity at the Human Rights Campaign. “It would not only halt the progress we've made, but it has the potential to turn the tide the other direction, where we could potentially see the spread of HIV.”
The GOP's plan comes at a critical juncture in PrEP's adoption, advocates say. Though Truvada has been on the market for HIV treatment since 2004, it was only approved by the FDA for prevention in 2012. Adoption rates have suffered a slow start: Prescription data from Gilead (which doesn't include Medicaid data) shows that nearly 80,000 people started PrEP from 2012 to 2015, a far cry from the roughly 1.2 million Americans the CDC estimates are “good candidates” for the drug. Still, that's a sharp rise from the less than 1,300 prescriptions that were written in all of 2012 alone.
“When PrEP was first approved, gay and bisexual men were not using it,” Gordon Jr. says. “Now, we've seen an exponential increase in users.”
In pockets of LGBTQ communities, PrEP is catching on. Rich Juzwiak, a New York-based writer and editor who has been taking PrEP since 2014, says there's more dialogue surrounding the drug now than ever before. Dating apps like Grindr now have the option of listing “PrEP status,” they say, and come with an popup definition of the drug that users can hover over. “A few years ago, people were clueless,” Juzwiak says. “Now, everyone knows someone who is on it. It feels like a cultural shift.”
For others, though, PrEP access is precarious at best.
A recent survey that polled more than 14,000 gay men in the U.S. found that only 2% of men living in rural areas reported using PrEP, compared with 17% in San Francisco and 12% in New York City. As the CDC found, Medicaid expansion states that have a perfect storm of high poverty and HIV infection rates are the most vulnerable to an Obamacare repeal.
Now, prevention advocates fear some communities will never get a chance to play catch up — especially if Medicaid vanishes.
“There's a knowledge gap,” says Kenyon Farrow, a Washington, D.C.-based PrEP user and a policy director at Treatment Action Group. “Last year, I was in Atlanta, I had an Uber driver who was an older black woman. I told them about PrEP, and that it had been on the market since 2012. And they started crying. They told me they have two nephews, 23 and 25, who are both HIV positive. Both [cases] could have been prevented.”
MONTREAL—In the matter of the just-concluded Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, the political benefits and the potential costs are divided unevenly among the parties competing for government in the upcoming election. Conservative Leader Stephen Harper took a risk by pursuing a major trade agreement in the midst of a campaign. They could not, under any scenario, guarantee its ratification by Parliament. But on the election trail, they are ultimately the least exposed by the outcome of the negotiations.
A commitment to freer trade is one of the stronger ties that bind the fractious factions of Stephen Harper Conservative coalition, writes Chantal Hébert. ( Nathan Denette / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
A commitment to freer trade is one of the stronger ties that bind the fractious factions of their Conservative coalition. It is a rare signature policy of the former Progressive Conservative party that Harper has whole-heartedly made their own. Tories of all persuasions will be happy selling the TPP. Support for this agreement extends well beyond the ranks of the Conservative party. One of the perks of government is the capacity to reach out to economic stakeholders. Harper has had weeks to line up positive reviews of a deal. Even before they appeared at a news conference to champion the TPP on Monday, fans of the agreement had lined up to laud its virtues. Meanwhile, its most likely critics — starting with Canada's dairy industry — have been if not silent, at least appeased, by the prospect of rich compensation packages.
Article Continued Below
The Harper cabinet has pre-approved more than $4 billion in payouts to the dairy farmers who might lose income over the opening up of a fraction of the Canadian market to the other TPP countries. Canada's supply management system has been in the sights of the country's trade partners for more than a decade. Only in their dreams could its proponents hope for a softer landing. As the Dairy Farmers of Canada tweeted shortly after the announcement: No negative impact and supply management preserved for a generation.” Politicians are never as generous as when they are campaigning for re-election and the dairy industry can probably thank its lucky star that crunch time at the TPP table coincided with the 2015 campaign. Compared to Harper, NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair — who has declared the TPP a bad deal for Canada — sits at the high end of the risk spectrum. The powerful movement that opposed the initial free-trade agreement (FTA) and North American Free-Trade Agreement (NAFTA) at the time of the 1988 and 1993 elections is, by now, a shadow of its former self.
Moreover, by talking up arms against the TPP, Mulcair is throwing out years of efforts to sell the NDP as a party that has made its peace with globalization and freer trade. Their anti-TPP stance pits them not only against corporate Canada in general but against its influential Quebec section in particular.
Article Continued Below
On Monday, the Montreal Chamber of Commerce, aerospace giant Bombardier as well as a host of Quebec meat and fruit producers associations, all came out in favour of the agreement. The Bloc Québécois, for one, took notice of the way the wind seemed to be blowing. As recently as Friday on the stage of the second French-language leaders debate, Gilles Duceppe was accusing Harper of being about to sacrifice Quebec's dairy industry on the TPP altar. But with the highlights of the actual deal in hand on Monday, Duceppe softened their tone. The Bloc is disappointed by the agreement but not disappointed enough to rule out supporting its ratification in the House of Commons. Opposing the TPP might help Mulcair hang on to the union votes in the auto-industry heartland of southern Ontario but it does go against Quebec's pro-free-trade bias. The NDP position stands to be seen by many voters as a purely defensive move dictated by the party's loss of its front-runner status in voting intentions and its need to try to shore up its base in the face of erosion to the Liberals. And what of Justin Trudeau? For now they are keeping their options open — promising to not ratify the agreement before it has been fully aired in the next Parliament. But the days when a Liberal leader promised to tear up free trade deals are long behind the party. Trudeau can only hope that Mulcair won't be as effective fighting the TPP between now and Oct. 19 as they were opposing the Conservative anti-terrorism legislation last spring.
Read more about:
AMD Radeon R9 380X 4GB
Surprizingly good mainstream performance at a nice price
In this review we look at the the new AMD Radeon R9 380X 4GB. In the 260 EURO range Thus puppy is rendering your games at very nice performance, even in the WQHD 2560x1440 range. And all that at a very reasonable price as well. With 4GB as standard for graphics memory you can game with decent image quality settings as well. Follow us into this review where we'll look at temperatures, noise, performance and go with the latest game titles on the globe.
The Radeon R9 380X graphics cards will be made available in 4 GB versions, you will also spot both reference and slightly tweaked SKUs. The GPU used in thus puppy is based off Tonga which you know from the Radeon R9 285 (these days called Antigua Pro aka Radeon R9 380). This GPU used here is Antigua XT and is a fully utilized (enabled) version of the GPU, meaning that this GPU will have more shader processors available. Made on the 28nm node from Global Foundries it features the latest architectural improvements with decent power efficiency. The GPU retains technologies of the Radeon GCN lineup such as DirectX 12, FreeSync and XDMA for CrossFire support. The GPU has 2048 shader processors running over 32 ROPs with 112 texture memory units. The initial consumer graphics card based on Antigua Pro is the Radeon R9 380 with 1792 activated stream processors, the Antigua XT for the Radeon R9 380X that we review today is the same GPU again with 32 shader clusters opened up, and that is 32x64= 2048 active shader processors. The reference cards will have two 6-pin power PEG (PCI Express Graphics) headers to give the tweaking experience a little more room next to the 4+2 PWM phase power design. Overall a very decent card to play the latest games with whilst offering a good memory size versus good price in the 1920x1080 and even 2560x1440P monitor resolutions.
In this review we peek at a custom OC model of the Radeon R9 380X, these are 70 MHz clocked faster compared to the reference clock of 970 MHz. Almost all custom boards get a silent dual-fan cooler, customized PCB and that tiny factory overclock at ~1040 MHz on the GPU core clock frequency with 1500 Mhz (6000 MHz effective data-rate) on this particular model from Sapphire with 4 GB GDDR5 memory. Head over to the next page where we'll start up a photo-shoot first though.
Guardian cryptic crossword setter Paul challenged themselves to write one while they ran. Here's how they did it …
You run the London marathon, you need a gimmick. For the past 22 years I have been writing the Guardian cryptic crossword under the pseudonym Paul, after my late brother, and I had already run four marathons in their memory. I realised there are about 26 clues in a puzzle, and 26 miles to a marathon. Suddenly the idea was there, and I began to regret it immediately.
I asked my crossword-setting colleague Richard Browne, AKA Imogen, to fill a grid with 26 words. Twenty-six crossword-loving volunteers were each allocated a mile, and a word. They were briefed to stand within yards of each milepost holding up their word, yelling “Crossword Paul!” to attract my attention as I passed. I then had until the next milepost to think of a suitable clue.
I also requested that the grid be filled with positive words: “SUFFER”, “PAIN” and, especially, “WALL” were to be avoided.
I am not designed for running; more for pizza and chocolate cake. Training hadn't gone well, and I was dreading the thought of having to be creative every mile on top of the pain.
Although I practised spotting words while out on training runs, devising clues and recording them on my Apple Watch, there were problems on the day that I hadn't anticipated. The sweat on the watch meant the touch sensitive screen failed over and over, and finding the “record” and “save” functions while running proved tricky.
But as usual, the London Marathon was a joy. The crowds make it. There's no cynicism, no sense that the world is teetering on the edge of political, economical and ecological mayhem – all pulling together, moving in the same direction. That is, except for the man ahead of me, running the marathon backwards. I'm not sure if it was more shameful to be beaten by him, or the man carrying a fridge. Fortunately, for those who wish to solve the resulting puzzle, coming Saturday 6 May, the exasperated expletives punctuating my recorded efforts have been removed from the clues.
• To donate, go to justgiving.com/fundraising/J-Halpern1
So I finally got around to seeing The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies. As is my custom with movies that are currently in theatres, I'm going to skip the full review and just give a few comments and observations.
Now, despite the fact that the movie is based on a book that's 77 years old, and the outcome has to be essentially the same for the original trilogy to work, I've received complaints about spoilers while discussing this movie among my friends. To avoid that with y'all, the comments and observations will begin below the fold, in no particular order.
1) As one of my friends with whom I saw this movie observed, this was far and away the best of the three. If they had edited the first two movies into one and then released this one, there would be far less hate for the prequels.
2) I was a bit annoyed that Astrid, the Laketown Weasel, got neither comeuppance nor redemption. I thought he'd just got away with it all. Then I was reminded of the fate of the Master of Laketown in the book. Note that as they load themselves down with gold and heads off into the Wild, they pack no food or water…
3) Another interesting observation from the friend with whom I watched the movie: in The Hobbit, the orcs and goblins have their own nations, kings, mercenary companies, etc. In The Lord of The Rings, they're undifferentiated cogs in Sauron's machine. The Shadow destroys everything…especially its followers.
4) Another thought in re. the orcs: this trilogy, especially this movie, did a very good job of making the orcs hateful and villainous in their own right, rather than merely being the pawns of greater forces. Personally, I can only think of two orcs that stood out at all as individuals in the first trilogy – Lurtz in Fellowship, and Gothmog in Return of the King. Lurtz, you almost admire for their sheer badass. No other single orc was even close to a challenge for our heroes in the entire rest of the series, and they got to pull a lot of stunts that are usually limited to protagonists. Gothmog didn't have nearly the same personal power, but they were the kind of guy who waited until the last second to step out of the way of a catapult-thrown boulder, then spat on it. They tried to make us hate them by having them stab Faramir's aide de camp while the man was lying helpless on the ground, but honestly, that was nothing more than a coup de grace. They were a dead man anyway. Rather merciful for an orc, really. In contrast, Azog and Bolg's sadistic glee at killing their victims in front of helpless loved one's eyes made you want to see them die a lot. This was necessary, really, because they were the only true villains of the piece. Smaug, for all their cruelty and greed, has no agenda. Intelligent or not, he's still just a monster. Sauron is too much of an impersonal force of nature to hate properly. In the end, it's Azog's schemes that drive the plot.
5) One final thought re. the orcs: it's interesting to see how Tolkien orcs are different from their literary descendants in that they are not stupid. The weapons and armor they forge are high-quality, the “medicine” they pour down Merry's throat in Two Towers really is just that (and effective, too), and in this movie Azog is not only a good strategist, but develops an ingenious system for signaling to their officers in the field. To say nothing of the trap they lay for Thorin & co. Fortunately, their berserk aggression betrays them more than once. Imagine if he'd had the sense to wait until the humans, dwarves and elves had depleted each other's numbers.
6) …which leads me to another thought. Gandalf mentions several times the strategic importance of Erebor, and it does prove to be key to the War of the Ring. I've often considered just how fortunate the free peoples were that two of the most powerful creatures of Morgoth remaining in Middle Earth were killed before they could come into play. Imagine how the War of the Ring would have turned out if the Balrog of Moria had still been alive to serve as a general for Sauron, and Smaug as a living siege engine.
7) The Battle of Dol Guldur was one of the best parts in the movie, to my mind. It's awesome to see some of the most powerful Big Goods in Middle Earth turned loose to show us what they can really do. Should have stayed dead, indeed. Saruman once again demonstrates, as Gandalf so regularly does, that the Istari are angelic spirits in the shape of old men, not actually burdened with the Doom of Man. They did a reasonably good job of covering up the fact that, for most of that action, there was a stunt double standing in for Christopher Lee (who is, after all, an actual old man – though they could've done great things with that scene in their youth).
8) It looked beautiful, but the elves really would have been better off shooting over that dwarf shield-wall instead of jumping over it. All that beautiful discipline on both armies' parts, and they throw it away to dive into a melee where the orcs have the advantage.
9) Thranduil gives us a good example of how an eternally youthful being can become a bitter old man. Interesting thought: other than the facial burns, Elrond has suffered losses and hardships very similar to Thranduil's without allowing themselves to become so hardened.
10) *Azog and Thorin fight.* *Thorin pays attention to their surroundings while Azog loses themselves in a berserk rage.* *Thorin stops fighting.* *Thorin steps back.* *Azog goes into the lake.* Too bad that canon decrees Thorin had to die, or that would have been just too perfect.
11) A funny story from a friend who also saw the movie recently: Nerd Parent Moment #45640 – Christmas Week, we all went to see “The Hobbit – The Battle of Five Armies”, (her daughter) included. When Radagast the Brown showed up the first time, (she) screamed quietly, “LOOK! LOOK! – It's Sylvester McCoy – The Doctor is SAVING GANDALF!”
Bless the child.
And that ends the era of Tolkien Cinema. It's a pity that it had to end on an “Eh, good enough” instead of an OMGAWESOME, but it could have been so much worse. I give it a 7/10. See it in the theatres, because some scenes need to be seen on the big screen.
Now let us all make our offerings to the Cinema Gods that they don't try to do remakes.
Andreessen Horowitz-backed Jumio, an identity verification company, has announced a partnership with eight leading bitcoin companies in order to form an identity security network.
Dubbed the Bitcoin Identity Security Open Network (BISON), the system works by allowing partners to collect and verify a customer's identity during a transaction using any connected device.
Customers simply need to hold up their government-issued I.D. or Passport in front of their camera, and Jumio's Netverify validated the I.D., extracting the user's information and auto-populating it into the appropriate field.
It's all done in real-time, and according to Jumio, will net higher completion rates.
“We believe that crypto-currencies, and Bitcoin chiefly among them, are an important new part of the payments world, however, to reach their full potential it's time to instill a higher degree of confidence in the system,” says Daniel Mattes, founder and CEO of Jumio. “The vast majority of Bitcoin users are honest and engaging in a range of legal transactions, but a small minority are not and that threatens the entire ecosystem especially during this formative period. BISON is designed to minimize the problem by weeding out those who use false or manipulated IDs which is a strong indicator of intended fraud or other illegal activity.”
Initial BISON partners are: BitAccess, SnapSwap, CoinMkt, Digital Currency Exchange of Texas, CoinRnr, Hashop.io, NoveltyLab and Bitnet Technologies.
“Since our inception, we've placed a great emphasis on KYC processes and other regulations,” BitAccess co-founder Moe Adham said. “That's why we chose to work with Jumio in the first place and it's a natural extension for BitAccess to help develop this initiative.”
This summer, Jumio says they'll be adding functionality that will allow a customer to transfer their identity verification from one partner service to another without having to re-scan their I.D.
What do you think?
Mark A. S. McMenamin is an American paleontologist and professor of geology at Mount Holyoke College. They have contributed to the study of the Cambrian explosion and the Ediacaran biota.
 They are the author of several books, most recently Deep Time Analysis (2018) and Dynamic Paleontology (2016). Their earlier works include The Garden of Ediacara: Discovering the Earliest Complex Life (1998), one of the only popular accounts of research on the Ediacaran biota, and Science 101: Geology (2007).  They are credited with co-naming several geological formations in Mexico, describing several new fossil genera and species, and naming the Precambrian supercontinent Rodinia.[4] The Cambrian archeocyathid species Markocyathus clementensis was named in their honor in 1989.[5]
Early life and career [ edit ]
McMenamin was born in Oregon,[1] earned their B.S. at Stanford University in 1979 and their PhD at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1984.[6] In 1980, while at Santa Barbara they met their future wife, Dianna, also a paleontology graduate student, with whom they would co-author several publications. They joined the staff at Mount Holyoke College in 1984.[7]
Origins of complex life [ edit ]
In 1995 McMenamin led a field expedition to Sonora, Mexico, that discovered fossils (585 million years old) which McMenamin argued belonged to a diverse community of early animals and Ediacaran biota.[8] The paper was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America where it was reviewed by Ediacaran expert James G. Gehling. In 2011, McMenamin reported the discovery of the oldest known adult animal fossils, Proterozoic chitons from the Clemente Formation, northwestern Sonora, Mexico.[9] Further up in this same stratigraphic sequence, McMenamin also discovered and named the early shelly fossil Sinotubulites cienegensis, a fossil that allowed the first confident Proterozoic biostratigraphic correlation between Asia and the Americas.[10] In Lower Cambrian strata higher in the stratigraphic sequence, McMenamin also discovered important stem group brachiopods belonging to the genus Mickwitzia.[11] During a Mount Holyoke College field trip to Death Valley, California, McMenamin and their co-authors found evidence indicating that the Proterozoic shelly fossil Qinella survived the Proterozoic-Cambrian boundary.[12]
In 2012 McMenamin proposed that the enigmatic Cambrian trace fossil Paleodictyon was the nest of an unknown animal, a hypothesis which, if supported, may be the earliest fossil evidence of parental behavior, surpassing previous findings by 200 million years.[13]
Hypersea [ edit ]
In an attempt to explain the unprecedented and rapid spread of vegetation over dry land surfaces during the middle Paleozoic, Mark and Dianna McMenamin proposed the Hypersea Theory.[7] Their Hypersea is a geophysiological entity consisting of eukaryotic organisms on land and their symbionts. By means of a process known as hypermarine upwelling, the expansion of Hypersea led to a dramatic increase in global species diversity and a one hundred-fold increase in global biomass.[14][15]
Critique of Neodarwinism [ edit ]
Mark McMenamin has repeatedly criticized conventional Neodarwinian theory as inadequate to the task of explaining the evolutionary process. Joining with Lynn Margulis and the Russian symbiogeneticists, McMenamin has argued that symbiogenesis theory is important as one means of addressing the gap in our understanding of macroevolutionary change in conventional Neodarwinian terms.[16]
Triassic kraken [ edit ]
Mark McMenamin and Dianna Schulte McMenamin argued that a formation of multiple ichthyosaur fossils (belonging to the genus Shonisaurus) placed together at Berlin–Ichthyosaur State Park may represent evidence of a gigantic cephalopod or Triassic kraken that killed the ichthyosaurs and intentionally arranged their bones in the unusual pattern seen at the site.[17][18]
Opponents have challenged the theory as too far-fetched to be credible.[19][20] PZ Myers believes that a much simpler explanation is that the rows of vertebral discs may be a result of the ichthyosaurs having fallen to one side or the other after death and rotting in that position, while Ryosuke Motani, a paleontologist at the University of California, Davis, has alternately proposed that the bones may have been moved together by ocean currents because of their circular shape.[21] McMenamin has dismissed both of these concerns as not being in accord with either the sequence of bone placement or the hydrodynamics of the site.[22]
Mark and Dianna McMenamin presented new evidence favoring the existence of the hypothesized Triassic kraken on October 31, 2013 at the Geological Society of America annual meeting in Denver, Colorado.[23] Paleontologist David Fastovsky critiqued McMenamin's argument, saying that the fossil fragment used as evidence was too small to determine its origin and that the argument about currents didn't take into account the lack of knowledge about currents at the time and what would be needed to move the vertabrae. Fastovsky that the most likely scenario was one in which the tendons and ligaments holding the vertabrae together are gone the vertebral column "sort of starts to fall over almost like a row of dominoes" with the most likely configuration for that to be the assemblage found.[24] Adolf Seilacher has noted that this ichthyosaur bone arrangement "has never been observed at other localities".[25]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film and television Year Title Role Notes 2006 Naked Science--Colliding Continents Miscellaneous Crew, Himself National Geographic 2007 How the Earth Was Made Himself History Channel 2013 America Unearthed Himself Committee Films TV Documentary
Books [ edit ]
Common sense dictates that fats found naturally in the diet that we've been eating for hundreds of thousands of years and have therefore evolved to eat and unlikely to be detrimental to health. For instance, saturated fat (a primal foodstuff if there ever was one) turns out not to have the heart-stopping properties we've been warned over for about for several decades. I wrote most recently about this here. Some naturally-occurring fats, such as omega-3 and monounsaturated fats appear to have health-giving properties.
One class of fats I recommend that people do avoid, however, is industrially-produced ‘trans fatty acids'. These are a by-product of what are known as ‘partially hydrogenated' fats. These fats are unknown in nature, and have only made their way into our mouths since the processing of vegetable oils got underway in a big way very recently. The hydrogenation of fats allows vegetable oils (such as sunflower and safflower oil) to be solidified, which is obviously critical in the manufacturing of solid fats such as margarine. The other ‘benefit' of hydrogenation is that it makes fats less liable to turn rancid (go off), which extends their shelf life.
The polyunsaturated fats that are the raw material for industrially produced partially hydrogenated and trans fats are ‘kinked' and even coiled in shape. This physical form of fats is referred to as ‘cis' (pronounced ‘siss') configuration. However, in the processing of these fats not only adds hydrogen, but can also cause ‘cis' fats to straighten out, forming what is known as the ‘trans' configuration.
As expected, the research suggests that industrially-produced trans fats have the potential for wide-ranging unwanted effects on health. Trans fats have been linked with having adverse effects on heart health. For instance, in one study, individuals who had suffered a heart attack were found to have significantly higher levels of trans fats in their bodies compared to health individuals [1]. Those with the highest concentrations of trans fat were found to be, on average, more than 2½ times more likely to suffer from a heart attack than those with the lowest levels. A number of other studies also support the concept that trans fats are bad for the heart. Of four studies that have examined this potential association over time, three found that consuming just 2 per cent of our calories from trans fat is associated with an increased risk of heart disease of 28-93 per cent [2-4].
Trans fats seem to have the ability to impair the function of the hormone insulin, something that would be expected to increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes [5,6]. Other research has found that, in women, a higher intake of trans fat is associated with an increased risk of diabetes [7].
All-in-all, the evidence suggests, as we would expect from primal theory, that industrially-produced trans fats are thoroughly unhealthy. In the UK, we consume an average of about 2.5-3.0 grams of trans fats per person each day [8]. This may not sound like much, except that studies show even very small amounts of these fats are associated with an increased risk of disease. In 2002, the Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine in the USA published a report on the role of trans fats on health and made recommendations regarding safe levels of intake [9]. In the summary of this report, its authors suggest that the: “tolerable upper intake level of zero”. In normal language, this translates as “the safest amount of trans fats to consume is none at all.”
The adverse effects of trans fats, and the benefits of removing them from the diet was recently highlighted in an editorial published in the British Medical Journal [10]. In response to this article, a letter was published today in the BMJ that makes interesting reading I think [11]. It refers to the fact that the addition of trans fats to food (a widespread practice in food processing) is injurious to health. Here is the letter:
In many jurisdictions it is unlawful to render food injurious to health. For example, the UK Food Safety Act section 7 states: “Rendering food injurious to health: (1) Any person who renders any food injurious to health by means of any of the following operations, namely-(a) adding any article or substance to the food; (b) using any article or substance as an ingredient in the preparation of the food; . . . (2) In determining . . . whether any food is injurious to health, regard shall be had-(a) not only to the probable effect of that food on the health of a person consuming it; but (b) also to the probable cumulative effect of food of substantially the same composition on the health of a person consuming it in ordinary quantities.” Note the emphasis in section 7(2)(b) on probable cumulative effects when consumed in ordinary quantities. If it is the case that people on poor diets consume considerable amounts of industrial trans fatty acids, even where the average is quite low, it seems that using industrial trans fatty acids as food ingredients,1 in any foods that some consumers would eat regularly and frequently, may be unlawful in the United Kingdom.
The idea that the production of foods containing damaging trans fats is unlawful is an interesting concept I think. It does open up the possibility that legal action could be taken against food companies who manufacture these foods. Who might take such legal action? The Food Standards Agency? Don't hold your breath: for some inconceivable reason the FSA has not even made it mandatory for food companies to declare the trans fats on product labels. However, a class action by some rightly disgruntled consumers is a distinct possibility and may have legs.
References:
1. Pedersen JI, et al. Adipose tissue fatty acids and risk of myocardial infarction – A case-control study. Eur J Clin Nutr 2000:54:618-625
2. Ascherio A, et al. Dietary fat and risk of coronary heart disease in men: Cohort follow-up study in the United States. BMJ 1996:313:84-90
3. Hu FB, et al. Dietary fat intake and the risk of coronary heart disease in women. N EngI J Med 1997:337:1491-1499
4. Oomen CM, et al. Association between trans fatty acid intake and 10-year risk of coronary heart disease in the Zutphen Elderly Study: A prospective population-based study. Lancet 2001357:746751
5. Christiansen E, et al. Intake of a diet high in trans monounsaturated fatty acids or saturated fatty acids. Effects on postprandial insulinemia and glycemia in obese patients with NIDDM. Diabetes Care l997;20:88l-887
6. Alstrup KK, et al. Differential effects of cis and trans fatty acids on insulin release from isolated mouse islets. Metabolism I 999:48:22-29
7. Salmeron J, et al. Dietary fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes in women. Am J Clin Nutr 2001;73:1019-1026
8. Hulshof KF. Intake of fatty acids in western Europe with emphasis on trans fatty acids: the TRANSFAIR Study. Eur J Clin Nutr 1999 53(2):143-57
9. Letter Report on Dietary Reference Intakes for Trans Fatty Acids Food and Nutrition Board, Institute of Medicine 10th July 2002
10. Mozaffarian D, et al. Removing industrial trans fat from foods. BMJ 2010; 340: c1826
11. Brock S N. Rendering food injurious to health. BMJ 340: c2981-c2981
Arjen Robben has admitted they had their doubts about leaving Real Madrid for Bayern Munich in the summer of 2009.
The Netherlands international was sold as Madrid looked to balance their books after bringing in a number of high-profile names, but they were initially reluctant to leave the Santiago Bernabeu.
Bayern were persistent, though, and Robben eventually put their concerns about the club's stature aside and opted to move to the Allianz Arena.
"It was a bit of a weird summer with the return of Florentino Perez as president. And then all the new signings arrived. Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaka, Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso all came to Madrid for a huge amount of money," Robben told Fox Sports.
"We were told that the club would be able to make some money on me if they sold me. But I initially did not want to leave. I had possibly my best pre-season ever, but I still did not get a chance, so I had to make a decision.
"There was contact with Bavaria, but it was a difficult decision, the most difficult one of my career. Bavaria were not among the European elite at that moment - like we are now - and it was a step back for me.
"I went for it in the end, because the club did everything within their power to sign me. And the presence of Louis van Gaal obviously played a role as well.
"I am a real Bayern man now, I am into my eighth season here and I have become a part of this club."
08 January 1997
The first piece of obfuscated code I ever encountered was this famous (in some circles1) one liner, original author unknown. I don't think I was ever quite the same afterward.
char*s="char*s=%c%s%c;main(){printf(s,34,s,34);}";main(){printf(s,34,s,34);}
If it isn't immediately obvious, this program prints out its own source code. It's a member of the class of self-reproducing programs, and when I was new to computer science, I found it a startling fact in its own right that this class even has members. This program has one of the primary virtues of great obfuscated code: When executed, it does something impressive.
The true greats in the field, though, do much more. A really fine obfuscated program will be artistic and inscrutable in source form, execute in a highly circuitous fashion, and produce output that (often only in hindsight) follows obviously from the source. Two of my favorites have their source shaped into an ASCII square root sign and pi symbol. Their outputs are left as rather trivial exercises for the reader.
Obfuscated code has a special place in the heart of many hackers. The popularity of the annual "International Obfuscated C Contest" (IOCCC) is the best evidence; some of the programs from years past obviously required herculean efforts by the entrants. I was lucky enough to attend the unveiling of the winners at USENIX one year, and I sat transfixed, mouth unswayingly agape, as the ever more unbelievable winners were trotted across the stage.
Writing an obfuscated program is such an interesting exercise because it's hard to break every rule of understandable programming, simultaneously. Unintentionally, clarity slips through the cracks, comprehension becomes possible, and the flawed grokkable code must be mercilessly hunted down and shaken apart. An interesting walkthrough on writing an obfuscated "Hello World" is here.
Now, obfuscation is itself a worthy subject, but I am here to talk about my experience with the deobfuscation2 of a program that turned out to be an IOCCC winner from 1988, though I did not know that during its unravelling. Someone had hacked the code to remove all the whitespace, introduced a small bug in the output, and posted it to Usenet sometime last year.
The challenge was to fix the bug in this code. This version prints out the words to 'The Twelve Days of Christmas', but the partridge is in a 'per tree' instead of its expected 'pear tree.' I encountered it years ago, marvelled at it along with some friends, and left it in an archive, gone but not forgotten. When I realized this column would appear on Christmas day3, its subject matter suddenly became obvious.
What to do? The first step was to introduce some sensible whitespace. I have limited experience with emacs, but having hung out with various wizards in my life, I knew it must hold some magic. So I approached our resident emacs fanatic and solicited their wisdom. They too are intrigued by the task, and we ended up hovering over their machine for the next several hours.
We tried both the Unix program "indent" and some emacs modes, but neither was terribly fruitful, so we ended up adding most of the whitespace by hand. This lent an appearance of readability without adding much in the way of insight, so we went on to rename the variables based on their positions in the parameter list: arg1, arg2, arg3.
Interesting, but still a mess. Pull out the two large string literals and #define them to variable names. Some help. Group the various expressions with parentheses, because there are few alive who can eyeball an expression like
t<-50?_==*a?putchar(31[a]):main(-65,_,a+1):main((*a=='/')+t,_,a+1)
and immediately know the order of evaluation. A fair amount of help. Take the glut of ternary operators (C's much loved "inline if-then-else") and change them to actual if-then-else constructs. This was without a doubt the biggest step forward; a clear sort of state machine now emerged, with various key control flows altered by the values of the parameters to main. Through a huge series of recursive calls with different parameters, the machine passed through all the states necessary to output the song.
But where was the song?
Obviously the string literals held the answer. At first we thought perhaps the large string literal had all the information bit shifted or XORed with something else, possibly involving the smaller literal. I looked at the large literal in a hex editor to see if any obvious patterns emerged, but no dice. Then we noticed that the end of the smaller string literal was composed of normal ascii letters, the sort that would go into typical English text. Aha! It must be a translation table of some sort. We counted 31 characters of weirdness and 31 characters of normalcy in the 62 character string, lending further support to the theory.
The final confirmation lay in this nifty oneliner.
./xmas | perl -ne 'foreach(split(//,$_)) { print "$_
"; };' | sort -u | wc -l
The xmas binary was the compiled obfuscated C source. This pipeline counts the number of unique characters in the entire song, and -- wonder of wonders -- there were exactly 31.
What exactly was in the large string, then, such that this bizarre code was able to unravel it to produce the song? We wrote this C program to find out. It loops through the main string and uses the translation table in the second to determine output. If I'd been at the keyboard instead of the magic maker, this would have been written in Perl, but what can you do.
This is the translated string. The '/' characters act as sequence points; the code operates by counting past various numbers of slashes before beginning to print. Now we can see how it prints each verse, and of course it is quite clear how to fix the bug; simply introduce the missing (untranslated) character into the main string literal.
A call to main is identified as a "day starting" call if arg1 == 2. Then arg2 holds the value of the day to print (plus one.) From this point, "On the" is printed, then the ordinal number of the day, then "day of Christmas my true love gave to me," all by calling main with different trigger parameters. Then, by stacking recursive calls to main, each telling it to count further back in the string before printing, the right number of phrases are printed.
Most of the numbers used to control the flow of execution are arbitrary. One rather clever trick is that the third argument to main is almost always ignored initially, then stealthily switched to a pointer to the large string literal containing the obfuscated song on a future call. This allows the passing of red herring arguments like "%s %d %d" that actually do nothing. Each character is output in a spectacularly wasteful manner; the untranslated character is compared to each one in the small string literal until a match is found, with each comparison involving a recursive call! Once it's identified, the character 31 later in the string is actually output.
One last mystery remained. How was the initial call to main distinguished from the later calls? There was no obvious means of distinguishing them, but execution obviously started with the first day. Let's see, what are the values of the arguments to main on the initial call? The value of arg1 (argc) will be 1 unless we supply arguments, and the argv and env pointers will point off at some arrays of strings.
Aha. The first major if/then/else hinges on whether arg1 is greater than 1, and a block in the else clause checks whether it is greater than 0. The only way it can satisfy this is if it's exactly 1, and that code calls this:
return main(2, 2, "%s");
The first 2 indicates the start of a day, and the second means to output the first day (it's always day + one.) Here, finally, is the fully commented and largely understandable version.
For the sheer thrill of it, and because there's supposed to be Java code with all the Deep Magic articles, I translated the same version we deobfuscated into Java (leaving the bug intact.) This was an interesting task for a number of reasons. Java is not fond of the cavalier way the original source interchanges integers and pointers. Java has a real boolean type that it insists you use for such constructs as conditionals. And worst of all, Java has no comma operator. We worked around all this, and added a bit of extra obfuscation in the process. Have a look.
This was a neat exercise. True, it has no practical value, but neither do any number of other geek activities. That's no reason not to do it!
May all the shrouds of obfuscation fall before your penetrating gaze.
Source code referenced in this article: phillipps.c (the actual IOCCC entry), christmas-obfus.c, xlate.c, christmas.c, Christmas.java
Emerica Presents: The Provider Emerica is proud to introduce Collin Provost's third signature shoe for Emerica with this sick part.
"Boys of Summer 2" Video A Hall of Fame lineup with a healthy dosage of legendary scenes from the silver screen. Ain't nothing like good times with the crew...
Funeral French x Emerica Funeral French creates art, illustrations and graphics, known for their distinct style, evoking a twisted fantasy realm, drenched in black, summoning Armageddon. Check out their collab with Emerica here.
Emerica's "Wet Hot Emerican Summer" Tour Article The Emerica crew hit the highway heading north, up to the Alpines of Canada and back down the US Coastline. It was wet, it was hot and it was one hell of a summer tour! Spoiler alert: There will be Winkowski!
An Early Bird Adult season ticket in the Upper Youngs stand will cost just £340, with the Pontoon stand, the Main stand and the Lower Youngs stand all priced at just £305 for an early bird. And, all in all, we are still one of the lowest admission prices in Skybet League 2.
We've also got a brand-new pricing structure for the coming season – BACK IN THE FOOTBALL LEAGUE!
Season tickets will go on sale at ‘Early bird' prices for six weeks from 9am on Monday 13th June 2016.
Please note – The Findus Upper and Findus Lower have now been re branded to the Youngs Upper Stand & the Youngs Lower Stand
All current season ticket holders will receive their new season ticket back around 9 - 10th June 2016. Any non season ticket holder who would like a season ticket application pack, please email your postal details to: fran@gtfc.co.uk or contact the ticket office by calling (01472) 605050 ext: 8026.
Despite promotion to the Football League, we think we've been fair by increasing the price of season tickets by just £20 across the board - which equates to less than £1 per game.
More from Andrew Mitrovica available More fromavailable here
You probably missed it, but there was a big media conference in Winnipeg over the weekend. The title of the three-day gathering was ‘Holding Power to Account'.
All sorts of media ‘royalty' attended, including megastar ex-Washington Post investigative reporter Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) and CBC chief correspondent Peter Mansbridge.
Mansbridge was slated to give a talk about the “importance of investigation and accountability.” Ironic, since a CBC PR flak recently informed me by email that The National's anchor “was not interested in engaging” with yours truly after I asked to discuss, among other topics, why marquee CBC personalities like them leverage their presence on the public airwaves for personal profit on the lucrative speaking circuit. Oh well — so much for accountability.
I wasn't invited to the conference; I don't do much investigative reporting these days. And I stopped going to these gabfests long ago because, despite all the rhetorical embroidery, they're little more than media love-ins where everybody tells everybody else how wonderful they are and what fantastic work they are doing.
I suppose there's a place for these pep rallies. But if you really need a dormant icon like Bernstein to tell you that you're doing a bang-up job, then you're not much of an investigative reporter in my book. Still, CBC producer Harvey Cashore tweeted this icky bit of self-serving saccharine: “Carl Bernstein praises CBC as remarkable institution. Wishes for same in the U.S.”
I'm convinced that one of the most powerful institutions that the media needs to hold to account is the media itself. That's been one of my objectives in writing for iPolitics — something I share with Jesse Brown, the refreshingly acerbic host of the popular podcast Canadaland and an energetic troublemaker. (Full disclosure: Brown and I reported on the CBC's controversial speaking fee policy and I once was a guest on their podcast. They aren't invited to Winnipeg either.)
Last week, Brown broke an important story online that triggered a lot of reaction on social media but, tellingly, not a word anywhere in this nation's incestuous ‘mainstream' media.
Citing an anonymous, “highly-placed” Globe and Mail source, Brown reported that the newspaper's newly-minted editor, David Walmsley, nixed an editorial that endorsed a Liberal minority government in Ontario and instead instructed the editorial board — at the behest of longtime publisher Phillip Crawley — to hastily pen an editorial backing Conservative Leader Tim Hudak.
In their bombshell report, Brown wrote that Crawley, in turn, “was carrying out the orders of the Globe-controlling Thomson family, whose interests would be best served by a Conservative government.”
Walmsley's apparent capitulation in the face of pressure from above infuriated Globe staffers, Brown reported. The rank-and-file went ballistic after the former Daily Mail reporter and CBC executive said in an appearance on a Globe Now video — in response to widespread reader criticism of the paper's incoherent endorsement — that the decision to back Hudak was the result of lengthy and principled deliberations.
Word of Walmsley's reported suppression of the board's original editorial comes on the heels of reports — also confirmed by Brown — that Globe journalists will now be obliged to produce ‘advertorials' as ‘content creators'.
Walmsley also said the Hudak endorsement was the product of the editorial board's “sophisticated” decision-making and that its verdict was unanimous and reflected the Globe's “values.”
In fact, according to Brown's source, the board had, after weeks of “thought and work,” unanimously opted to call for a Wynne-led Liberal minority government before Walmsley's late-inning intervention. Indeed, Walmsley appears to hint at the brewing discord by insisting that “the final decision (was) mine.”
I asked Brown whether they had approached Walmsley for comment and they told me that they hadn't heard “a peep” from the Globe's editor and that they were still waiting for a reply. It should also be noted that, to date, no one at the Globe's editorial level or in its reclusive ownership hierarchy has bothered to issue a non-denial-denial of Brown's report. So, as it stands, Brown's detailed story remains unchallenged.
The reaction on Twitter from some reverential hacks was, predictably, to airily dismiss Brown's scoop as much ado about nothing. Others, including me, were much less sanguine about what looks like in-house censorship at Canada's supposed ‘paper of record.'
But the Globe's public editor, Sylvia Stead, has remained silent — preoccupied, apparently, with the pressing ethical issue of whether Vaughan should be described as a suburb of Toronto.
You may recall that in 2012 Stead responded to serious plagiarism allegations concerning columnist Margaret Wente with haughty contempt. Back then, they attempted to staunch the ethical bleeding by describing the Ottawa artist and professor who carefully catalogued Wente's serial cribbing as an “anonymous blogger.”
Stead's gambit failed miserably and a largely unrepentant Wente was belatedly disciplined for their obvious malpractice. (She should have been sacked.) Given their supplicant record, I don't anticipate that Stead will any time soon address — as any credible “public editor” should — the prickly issues that Brown's story raises.
Word of Walmsley's reported suppression of the board's original editorial comes on the heels of reports — also confirmed by Brown — that Globe journalists will now be obliged to produce “advertorials” as “content creators”.
Stripped of the euphemisms, this means that Globe advertisers will not only pay for, but also approve “stories” produced by Globe reporters. This is the antithesis of journalism. And once again, Walmsley, Stead and Crawley have chosen to remain mum.
All this disturbing business brings me back to the alleged raison d'être of that investigative conference in Winnipeg — to hold the powerful to account. Journalists — including a lot of the people working at the Globe — are willing, able and eager to point the finger at other powerful institutions and individuals. But when it comes to dubious conduct in their own shop, these same journalists and editors close their eyes and seek refuge in silence and denial.
It's hypocrisy. Thankfully, there are still muckraking journalists like Jesse Brown around who won't let it go unchallenged.
Andrew Mitrovica is a writer and journalism instructor. For much of their career, Andrew was an investigative reporter for a variety of news organizations and publications including the CBC's fifth estate, CTV's W5, CTV National News — where they were the network's chief investigative producer — the Walrus magazine and the Globe and Mail, where they were a member of the newspaper's investigative unit. During the course of their 23-year career, Andrew has won numerous national and international awards for their investigative work.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
“The Daily Show With Jon Stewart” and former late-night host David Letterman will be among the honorees at the 75th annual Peabody Awards, Variety has learned exclusively.
In addition, 60 finalists have been set by the awards' board of jurors. From that field, 30 winners — the Peabody 30 — will be selected. Those winners will be revealed beginning next week and honored at the Peabody Awards ceremony in New York May 21.
Among the finalists are ABC's “Black-ish” and “Fresh Off the Boat,” FX's “Fargo,” Amazon's “Transparent” and “Catastrophe,” HBO's “The Leftovers” and “Veep,” Showtime's “Listen to Me Marlon,” Netflix's “Jessica Jones” and “Master of None,” USA's “Mr. Robot” and Lifetime's “UnReal.”
The first group of winners will be announced April 19 on Facebook Live. Subsequent rounds of winners will be revealed April 21 on NBC's “Today” and April 26 on Facebook Live.
Letterman and documentary filmmaker Stanley Nelson were selected to receive individual Peabody Awards. “The Daily Show With Jon Stewart” was chosen to receive an institutional award.
Letterman stepped down in 2015 from their role as host of CBS' “Late Show,” a post they held since founding the show in 1993. From 1982 to 1992, they served as host of NBC's “Late Night.” “The Daily Show With Jon Stewart” ran from 1999 to 2015, when Stewart stepped down and Trevor Noah took over as host of the Comedy Central late-night talk show. Nelson is the filmmaker behind the Peabody-winning documentaries “The Murder of Emmet Till,” “Freedom Summer” and “Freedom Riders.”
Related David Spade Will Launch Late-Night Show at Comedy Central 15 Super Bowl Commercials That Shook the Big Game
Based at the University of Georgia, the Peabody Awards celebrates projects in the fields of news, entertainment, documentaries, children's programming, education, interactive programming, and public service, encouraging the media industries to reach for and achieve the highest standards.
See the full list of finalists below:
Abdi and the Golden Ticket (This American Life)
This American Life
Radio/Podcast
All In With Chris Hayes: Back to Baltimore (MSNBC)
MSNBC'S All in with Chris Hayes
News
American Experience: Last Days In Vietnam (PBS)
A Moxie Firecracker Production for American Experience, WGBH
Documentary
American Experience: Walt Disney (PBS)
A Sarah Colt Productions Film with the participation of Arte for American Experience, WGBH
Documentary
Beasts of No Nation (Netflix)
Red Crown Productions, Participant Media, Come What May Productions, New Balloon
Entertainment
black-ish (ABC)
ABC Studios
Entertainment
Book of Negroes (BET Networks)
Conquering Lion Pictures
Entertainment
Burning Questions: WTAE Investigates Fire Response Times (WTAE-TV)
WTAE-TV, Pittsburgh
News
Catastrophe (Amazon Video)
Avalon Television/Amazon Studios
Entertainment
CNN's Coverage of Guns in America (CNN & CNN Digital)
CNN
News
Cruel and Unusual: The Texas Prison Crisis (WFAA-TV)
WFAA-TV, Dallas
News
Desperate Journey (PBS, WETA-TV)
PBS NewsHour
News
Deutschland 83 (SundanceTV)
Fremantle International/Kino Lorber
Entertainment
Divided by Law (KUAT-TV)
Arizona Public Media
Radio/Podcast
Do Not Track (donottrack.us)
Upian, National Film Board of Canada, Arte, Bayerischer Rundfunk, CBC/Radio-Canada
Web
European Migrant Crisis/A New Life in Europe/Year of Migration (BBC News, BBC World Service, BBC Radio)
BBC News, BBC World Service, BBC Radio
News
Fargo Installment 2 (FX Networks)
FX Productions, MGM Studios
Entertainment
Fresh Off The Boat (ABC)
20th Century Fox Television
Entertainment
Gardeners of Eden (Pivot)
Ganesh Forever
Documentary
Get Real – Heart of the Haze (Channel NewsAsia, Mediacorp Pte Ltd)
Channel NewsAsia, Mediacorp Pte Ltd
Public Service
Glen Campbell. . .I'll Be Me (CNN)
PCH Films
Documentary
Going Clear: Scientology and The Prison Of Belief (HBO)
Jigsaw Productions, HBO Documentary Films, and Sky Atlantic
Documentary
Gravity Falls (Disney XD)
Disney Television Animation
Children's/Youth
Growing Up Trans (PBS/WGBH)
FRONTLINE
Documentary
How to Dance in Ohio (HBO)
HBO Documentary Films, Gidalya Pictures, and Blumhouse
Documentary
Independent Lens: 1971 (PBS)
Maximum Pictures LLC and the Independent Television Service (ITVS) in Association with Big Mouth Productions, Motto Pictures and Fork Films
Documentary
Independent Lens: India's Daughter (PBS)
Assassin Films, BBC Storyville, UK-INDIA, and Tathagat Films in association with Gamini Plyatissa Foundation, Vital Voices Global Partnership, DR, Plus Pictures Aps, CBC News Network, SVT, IKON, RTS, SRF, and RAI
Documentary
Independent Lens: Through A Lens Darkly: Black Photographers and the Emergence of a People (PBS)
Through a Lens Darkly, LLC, and the Independent Television Service (ITVS), produced in association with the National Black Programming Consortium
Documentary
Inheritance (PBS/WGBH)
FRONTLINE
Web
Injured Heroes, Broken Promises (KXAS-TV, NBC 5)
KXAS-TV, NBC 5, Dallas-Ft. Worth
News
Invisibilia (NPR)
National Public Radio
Radio/Podcast
ISIS in Afghanistan (PBS/WGBH)
FRONTLINE
Documentary
Katie Morag (Cbeebies)
Move on Up
Children's/Youth
Listen to Me Marlon (Showtime)
Showtime Documentary Films Presents, A Passions Pictures Production, Cutler Productions
Documentary
Marvel's Jessica Jones (Netflix)
Marvel Television in association with ABC Studios for Netflix
Entertainment
Master of None (Netflix)
Universal TV, Oh Brudder Productions, Alan Yang Productions, Fermulon
Entertainment
Meet the Composer (WQXR.org)
WQXR's Q2 Music
Radio/Podcast
Mr. Robot (USA Network)
Universal Cable Productions
Entertainment
Night Will Fall (HBO)
Spring Films, Angel TV, and Ratpac Documentary Films in association with HBO Documentary Films
Documentary
911: Lost On The Line (WXIA-TV)
WXIA-TV
News
POV: Don't Tell Anyone (No Le Digas a Nadie) (PBS)
American Documentary Inc. | POV
Documentary
Precious Lives (WUVM, WNOV, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism)
371 Productions
Radio/Podcast
Real Sports With Bryant Gumbel: The Killing Fields (HBO)
Real Sports With Bryant Gumbel
News
Secret Mustard Gas Experiments (NPR News)
National Public Radio
News
60 Minutes: A Crime Against Humanity (CBS)
CBS News 60 Minutes
News
60 Minutes: The Death Penalty in America (CBS)
CBS News 60 Minutes
News
The Case for School Desegregation Today (This American Life)
This American Life
Radio/Podcast
The Cosby Accusers Speak (NBC)
Dateline NBC
News
The Counted: People killed by police in the United States (http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/series/counted-us-police-killings/)
The Guardian US
Web
The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst (HBO)
Hit the Ground Running
Documentary
The LaQuan McDonald Investigation (WMAQ-TV)
WMAQ-TV, Chicago
News
The Leftovers (Season 2) (HBO)
HBO Entertainment and Warner Bros Television in association with Damon Lindelof Productions and Film 44
Entertainment
The Memory Palace (http://thememorypalace.us/, Radiotopia)
Nate Dimeo
Radio/Podcast
The Rain Forest Was Here — Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon (NPR Broadcast + Digital npr.org)
National Public Radio
Radio/Podcast
Transparent (Amazon Video)
Amazon Studios
Entertainment
UnREAL (Lifetime)
A+E Studios
Entertainment
VEEP (Season 4) (HBO)
HBO Entertainment in association with Dundee Productions
Entertainment
What Happened, Miss Simone? (Netflix)
A Radical Media Production in association with Moxie Firecracker for Netflix
Documentary
Wild Kratts (PBS Kids)
Kratt Brothers Company and 9 Story Media Group
Children's/Youth Programming
Wolf Hall (PBS)
A Playground Entertainment and Company Pictures Production for BBC and MASTERPIECE in association with BBC Worldwide, Altus Media and Prescience
Entertainment
Justin Fairfax is the Democratic candidate for lieutenant governor of Virginia and will compete with Republican state Sen. Jill Vogel in the November 7 election.
Though less visible than the state's acrimonious gubernatorial race between Democratic Lt. Governor Ralph Northam and political consultant Ed Gillespie, Fairfax has been named as an African American politician to watch by The Root.  They are joined on the list by political heavyweights like Sen. Kamala Harris, Sen. Tim Scott and several representatives in the U.S. House.
Unsurprisingly, race has come up as an issue several times during their campaign—Northam recently came under fire for omitting Fairfax from campaign literature in Northern Virginia at the behest of a labor union that declined to endorse him. Fairfax's supporters also cried foul when their opponent questioned their ability to “talk intelligently” during a candidate forum.
“I can't speak to what was inside of Jill Vogel's head, but the optics of a white woman saying that a black man with extraordinary credentials — who last night spoke with substance and great command of the issues — those optics aren't good,” said Virginia Democratic Party Chairwoman Susan Swecker.
Later on in the forum, Vogel clarified that they were questioning how informed Fairfax was, not their intelligence, and went on to say that they think Fairfax is a really nice guy. “I enjoy actually being on the trail with him,” they added.
Here's what you need to know about Justin Fairfax:
1. An Ivy League Grad, Fairfax Is a Former Assistant U.S. Attorney and Federal Law Clerk
Fairfax earned an undergraduate degree in public policy from Duke University in 2000, and went on to graduate from the Columbia University School of Law with a juris doctor in 2005.
After graduation, they spent a year clerking for the Honorable Gerald Bruce Lee, who presided over the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. They then worked as a private practice attorney at WilmerHale LLP in Washington D.C. until they were appointed as an assistant U.S. attorney in 2010.
Fairfax left the U.S. Attorney's office in August 2012 to launch what would ultimately be an unsuccessful campaign for attorney general of Virginia. After the election, they took a position as general counsel and vice president of development at Thompson hospitality corporation, but again left the private sector to get political as the co-chair for U.S. Senator Mark Warner's 2014 re-election campaign.
In 2015, they re-entered the private sector at Venable LLP, where they currently work as a litigator.
2. They Ran Unsuccessfully for State Attorney General in 2013
In August 2012, Fairfax left private practice to launch a campaign to become attorney general of Virginia. At the time, Fairfax said that voters “want an attorney general with the right legal experience and a record of results in protecting all Virginians.”
Despite polling closely behind Mark Herring, their rival in the Democratic primary, and earning an endorsement from the Washington Post, Fairfax lost to Herring in the primary contest. Election day was marred by technical difficulties at the State Board of Elections and a remarkably low voter turnout.
“We've got 2,045 [registered voters in the precinct], and we're at 71,” a precinct officer told the Washington Post about two hours before polls closed. “That's pretty sad.”
3. Ralph Northam's Campaign Was Accused of Accommodating Racism After Fairfax Was Removed From Campaign Literature Distributed in Northern Virginia
Wow, Northam really did this pic.twitter.com/cS7BvTqPfh — Comfortably Smug (@ComfortablySmug) October 18, 2017
Ralph Northam's campaign recently came under fire for omitting Fairfax from a series of campaign mailers outlining the candidates that will appear on the Democratic ticket in November.
The decision sparked an outcry on social media and among activists. “It reeks of subtle racism, if not a tone deafness about how we are going to win in November,” Quentin James, founder of Collective PAC, a group that supports black candidates running for office, told the Washington Post.
A spokesperson for Northam's campaign said in a statement that the omission was meant to accommodate LIUNA Mid-Atlantic Region Organizing Coalition, a union that had endorsed Northam but not Fairfax and asked for special campaign literature to carry on their own canvasses.
Fairfax “wasn't supporting us on the issues,” said LIUNA General Counsel Brian Petruska. Fairfax opposes two proposed natural gas pipelines that the union supports.
“Out of over 3 million pieces of literature printed for the campaign, this literature constituted less than roughly 0.5% of the literature printed, and was only for LIUNA to carry on their canvasses,” said Northam spokesperson David Turner. “You can be rest assured, voters will know who Justin Fairfax is, what they stand for, and why they are the best choice for Lt. Governor in November.”
Fairfax initially called the move a “mistake” in an interview, adding, “This should not have happened, and it should not happen again, and there needs to be robust investment in making sure that we are communicating with African American voters and we are engaging our base.”
They released a formal statement a few hours later saying that Democrats have “a strong ticket and one that is working well together. One piece of literature does not change that.”
4. If Elected, Fairfax Would Be Virginia's Second Black Lieutenant Governor and the Nation's 17th
The nation's first black lieutenant governor, Oscar James Dunn, was elected in the state of Louisiana in 1868. A student of law who was heavily involved in the post-Civil War suffrage movement, Dunn won election on a joint ticket with Henry Clay Warmoth, but died in office in 1871.
Dunn was one of only 16 black people to ever serve as lieutenant governor in the history of the United States. If elected, Fairfax would not be Virginia's first minority to serve as a state executive—Douglas Wilder, a former mayor of Richmond and descendent of slaves, won the lieutenant governorship as a Democrat in 1985. Four years later, they went on to win election as governor. They were the first black person to hold statewide office in Virginia and one of only four black people to ever serve as a state's governor.
Shortly before their inauguration in 1990, a Washington Post correspondent wrote, “Willingly or not, Wilder becomes a symbol of the changing climate of politics in the South and the nation as a whole, the aspirations of American blacks to assume an equal place in society, and the uncertainties that confront any public leader as a new century looms.”
Upon winning their party's nomination back in the June primary, Fairfax sat down with The Root to discuss their campaign, telling the publication, “The message of resisting the divisive hatred, xenophobia, racism and misogyny out there is what we're about.”
“I do stand on the shoulders of giants. Doug Wilder and the barriers they broke down, I couldn't be where I am today if it weren't for [Wilder,] … I definitely keep that a part of my perspective, but I really have always been focused more on the future than history,” added Fairfax.
5. They Live in Fairfax County (No Relation) With Their Wife, Cerina, and Two Kids
Happy 11th Wedding Anniversary to the love of my life, Dr. Cerina Fairfax, DDS! God is so good. Nothing is impossible. #SpiritualWealth pic.twitter.com/9JySLHbCfv — Justin Fairfax (@FairfaxJustin) June 17, 2017
Fairfax and their wife, Cerina, celebrated their 11th wedding anniversary in June 2017. Cerina is a dentist with their own practice, Dr. Fairfax & Associates, located in Fairfax, Virginia, where they and their husband live.
A graduate of Virginia Commonwealth University, their professional biography states that, “[s]he is committed to serving not only their patients, but others as well through participation in community outreach programs, volunteer and sponsorship opportunities, vocational training programs, and contributions to local charities and nonprofits intended to aid individuals and/or organizations helping those in need.”
The couple have two children together: a son, Cameron, and a daughter, Carys.
The Wi-Fi Alliance standards body has added new features to its 802.11ac specification that promise up to three times the speed of existing wi-fi devices and the potential to move data faster than wired, gigabit ethernet local area networks.
Named Wi-Fi Certified ac, the new specification add-ons include multi-user multiple input multiple output (MU-MIMO) radio aerial technology. This allows more devices to connect to the wi-fi access point and send and receive simultaneously for better throughput and responsiveness, an important consideration in enterprise and events settings.
Older wi-fi access points manage connections in a round-robin fashion, with only one device able to communicate at a time.
Wi-Fi Certified ac also brings in wide channels, using up to 160 MHz of bandwidth. This is double the amount of spectrum that today's 802.11ac devices can use, and potentially allows for twice the transmission speed.
More channels in the 5 GHz spectrum, which is less congested and prone to interference compared to the 2.4 GHz band, have also been added to Wi-Fi Certified ac.
The new specification adds a fourth spatial stream, up from three in the previous standard, and improves on dual-band 2.4 and 5 GHz utilisation for access points.
Wi-fi chip set makers Broadcom, Marvell, MediaTek, Qualcomm and Quantenna have released components for the new specification, with original equipment manufacturers expected to bring out new products in the coming month.
Australia went to the polls on 7 September, in an election that just a few months ago was considered a formality for the leader of the opposition, Tony Abbott.
However, the ousting in June of Prime Minister Julia Gillard from the ruling Labor Party and the return of former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd reinvigorated the campaign.
While Mr Abbott had a clear lead in pre-June polls, Mr Rudd has pulled their party back into contention. But Labor remained some way behind and ultimately lost to Mr Abbott's Liberal-National coalition.
Here is a brief guide to the election.
Parliament
Australia's parliamentary system is somewhere between that of the UK and the US, with a lower and upper house - the House of Representatives and the Senate respectively.
The prime minister and the members of their or their government sit in the lower house. To command a majority, they must hold more than half of the 150 seats.
In terms of electoral system, the system is similar to that used in the US.
The number of MPs for each state represented in the House of Representatives is determined by the population of the state. The more people who live in a state, the more MPs it has.
The number of senators is fixed, with 12 senators for each of the six larger states and two each for the less populous Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory.
Main candidates
Image caption Kevin Rudd set the agenda with several major policy announcements
Kevin Rudd
In early 2010, opinion polls suggested that, as leader of the Labor Party, Kevin Rudd was Australia's most popular prime minister for three decades.
But controversies over a shelved emissions trading scheme and an unpopular mining tax caused their support to fall - and their Labor party moved against him. Their deputy, Julia Gillard, challenged them for the leadership and won.
The move, however, sparked a public backlash. Out of office, Mr Rudd remained a thorn in the side of Ms Gillard, consistently polling higher than them
In June 2013, with an election looming and support for Labor plummeting, their backers called for a return to avoid defeat. Mr Rudd won a leadership challenge and returned to lead their party into the vote.
Read a full profile of Kevin Rudd
Image caption Tony Abbott's straight-talking style has earned them the nickname "Tear-down Tony"
Tony Abbott
Mr Abbott, a straight-talking former Rhodes Scholar who once wanted to be a monk, took over a flagging Liberal-National coalition in December 2009.
A polarising figure, especially at the start of their leadership, Liberal Party leader Mr Abbott attracted early criticism for gaffes and was called a misogynist by former Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard.
But, amid bitter Labor infighting, they have transformed their image in the eyes of many from that of a pugnacious politician to a leader-in-waiting.
Read a full profile of Tony Abbott
Other Parties
Green Party
The Greens won their first seat in the House of Representatives at the last election.
Despite their small size they have a significant role in Australian politics and had been working with the Labor Party and independent MPs in government, after the last election produced a hung parliament.
However, in February 2013, the Greens announced the end of this partnership because of what it termed backtracking by Labor on a mining tax.
National Party
The National Party, commonly referred to as the Nationals, has a long-standing partnership with the Liberal Party - often referred to simply as "the coalition".
With its anti-environmentalist, pro-mining reputation, the party tends to draw its support from rural areas, though it remains more strongly represented at a regional level than in the national parliament.
Warren Truss, the party's leader, was expected to become deputy prime minister in the event of a Liberal-National coalition win.
Voting
The House of Representatives has 150 seats and all of them were up for election. The MPs are selected using a preferential voting system.
Australia is one of the few countries with mandatory voting laws and failure to cast a vote can result in a fine of A$20 (about $18; £12).
Preferential voting system
Instead of putting an "X" next to their choice, the voter writes a number next to the candidates on the ballot paper to indicate their preference.
The first choice on the ballot is known as the "primary vote'.
When the ballots are counted, if no candidate has won more than 50% of the votes, then the person with the lowest vote is excluded.
The votes for the eliminated candidate are re-counted and then awarded to the next preference on each ballot.
The elimination of candidates and re-counting of ballots continues until a candidate wins enough preferred votes to pass the 50% mark.
Major issues
Economy
Australia experienced a fairly robust recovery after the worldwide recession. In 2013 it reported growth of 2.5%, inflation holding at 2.4%. Unemployment has been steadily growing but still remains at a relatively low 5.7% of the working population.
Some economists have expressed concerns about the large deficit of about A$30bn (£17.5bn) that has continued to grow despite the relative strength of the economy.
The parties are split on how to tackle this deficit. The Labor Party has pledged to start new spending programmes to boost growth and thus increase the government's income, while Tony Abbott for the coalition has a plan to repeal taxes and cut spending.
Read Jon Donnison on why Australians are worried about the economy.
Immigration
The issues of asylum and border protection have been heavily debated. Both parties pledged to reduce the number of people arriving by boat to Australia, though promoted different policies.
Mr Rudd suggested a A$1.1bn (£640m) programme that would settle asylum seekers outside Australia - dubbed the Papua New Guinea plan.
Tony Abbott said that they would delegate the problem to the military, who would tow asylum-seeker boats to Indonesia. Indonesia is opposed to this plan.
Read Jon Donnison on Australia's asylum debate.
The internet showed yet another side to its usefulness this week when a young couple in Seattle, USA, were reunited with their camera which they lost in Iceland.
The story began at Reykjavík Domestic Airport last week. A young Icelandic woman found a digital camera on a bench and its owner was nowhere to be found. They decided to upload the photographs on the camera to their Facebook profile with a request for all their friends to share the photos with their other friends.
“My cousin found the camera at Reykjavík Airport on Thursday 22nd March 2012,” the album description read. “The newest pictures were taken in Reykjavík.”
The camera also contained several photographs taken in the USA, Vísir.is reported.
Icelandic Facebook users joined hands and spread the information on the worldwide web. The initiative eventually made the Icelandic media.
From there several imaginative users shared the story on Reddit, where it took on a new dimension. One other user opened up a chat thread advertising for the owner of the photos.
The thread had some 700 replies – including one from somebody who knew the girl in the photos. They were their neighbour in Seattle.
They sent them a message on Facebook alerting them to the photo album, they then contacted the original finders in Reykjavík and the rest, as they say, is history.
As the release of Unity 2017.3 is drawing near, we'd like to show you two nifty features that you might like.
The first feature is Assembly Definition Files. With this feature, you'll get the option to define your own managed assemblies inside a folder. With well-defined dependencies you'll ensure that only the required assemblies will be rebuilt, when you make a change in a script, reducing compilation time.
The larger your project grows, the greater the compilation time will inevitably end up being. When iterating on a project this can easily become a nuisance, so setting up proper assembly definition files should help you work more efficiently and waste less time waiting for scripts to compile.
The second feature is the new Transform Tool. The Transform Tool is a mix of the three current tools; Move, Rotate and Scale suitable for those situations, where easy access to all three is required. A small thing, but also a potential time saver.
You can test out the above features (and more) right now while waiting for the full release of Unity 2017.3, by simply downloading the 2017.3 beta here. Remember to take backups before upgrading your project.
Script Compilation – Assembly Definition Files
Unity automatically defines how scripts compile to managed assemblies. Typically, compilation times in the Unity Editor for iterative script changes increase as you add more scripts to the Project. When you are going through an iterative process you want the builds to compile as fast and smooth as possible.
You can use an assembly definition file to define your own managed assemblies based upon scripts inside a folder. If you separate Project scripts into multiple assemblies with well-defined dependencies, you'll ensure that only required assemblies are rebuilt when making changes in a script. This reduces compilation times, so you can think of each managed assembly as a single library within the Unity Project.
The figure above illustrates how you can split the Project scripts into several assemblies. If you are only changing scripts in Main.dll, none of the other assemblies will need to recompile. Since Main.dll contains fewer scripts, it also compiles faster than Assembly-CSharp.dll.
Similarly, script changes you make in Stuff.dll will only cause Main.dll and Stuff.dll to recompile.
How to use assembly definition files
Assembly definition files are Asset files that you create by going to Assets > Create > Assembly Definition. They have the extension .asmdef .
You can add an assembly definition file to a folder in a Unity Project to compile all the scripts in the folder into an assembly, and then set the name of the assembly in the Inspector.
Note: The name of the folder in which the assembly definition file resides and the filename of the assembly definition file have no effect on the name of the assembly.
Add references to other assembly definition files in the Project using the Inspector too. The references are used when compiling the assemblies and define the dependencies between the assemblies.
Unity uses the references to compile the assemblies and also defines the dependencies between the assemblies.
You can set the platform compatibility for the assembly definition files in the Inspector. You have the option to exclude or include specific platforms.
Multiple assembly definition files inside a folder hierarchy
If you have multiple assembly definition files (extension: .asmdef) inside a folder hierarchy it will cause each script to be added to the assembly definition file with the shortest path distance.
Example:
If you have a Assets/ExampleFolder/MyLibrary.asmdef and a Assets/ExampleFolder/ExampleFolder2/Utility.asmdef file, then:
Any scripts inside the Assets > ExampleFolder > ExampleFolder2 folder will be compiled into the Assets/ExampleFolder/ExampleFolder2/Utility.asmdef defined assembly.
Any files in the Assets > ExampleFolder folder that are not inside Assets > ExampleFolder > ExampleFolder2 folder would be compiled into the Assets/ExampleFolder/MyLibrary.asmdef defined assembly.
Assembly definition files are not build system files
**Note** : The assembly definition files are not assembly build files. They do not support conditional build rules typically found in build systems.
This is also the reason why the assembly definition files do not support setting of preprocessor directives (defines), as those are static at all times.
Backwards compatibility and implicit dependencies
Assembly definition files are backwards compatible with the existing Predefined Compilation System in Unity. This means that the predefined assemblies always depend on every assembly definition file's assemblies.
This is similar to how all scripts are dependent on all precompiled assemblies (plugins / .dlls) compatible with the active build target in Unity.
The diagram in Figure 3 illustrates the dependencies between predefined assemblies, assembly definition files assemblies and precompiled assemblies.
Unity gives priority to the assembly definition files over the Predefined Compilation System.
This means that having any of the special folder names from the predefined compilation inside an assembly definition file folder will not have any effect on the compilation. Unity treats these as regular folders without any special meaning.
It is highly recommended that you use assembly definition files for all the scripts in the Project, or not at all. Otherwise, the scripts that are not using assembly definition files always recompile every time an assembly definition file recompiles. This reduces the benefit of using assembly definition files in your project.
API
In the namespace UnityEditor.Compilation there is a static CompilationPipeline class that you use to retrieve information about assembly definition files and all assemblies built by Unity.
File Format
Assembly definition files are JSON files. They have the following fields:
Field Type name string references (optional) string array includePlatforms (optional) string array excludePlatforms (optional) string array
The fields includePlatforms and excludePlatforms cannot be used together in the same assembly definition file.
Retrieve the platform names by using
CompilationPipeline.GetAssemblyDefinitionPlatforms 1 CompilationPipeline . GetAssemblyDefinitionPlatforms
Examples
MyLibrary.asmdef { "name" : "MyLibrary" , "references" : [ "Utility" ], "includePlatforms" : [ "Android" , "iOS" ] } 1 2 3 4 5 6 MyLibrary . asmdef { "name" : "MyLibrary" , "references" : [ "Utility" ] , "includePlatforms" : [ "Android" , "iOS" ] }
MyLibrary2.asmdef { "name" : "MyLibrary2" , "references" : [ "Utility" ], "excludePlatforms" : [ "WebGL" ] } 1 2 3 4 5 6 MyLibrary2 . asmdef { "name" : "MyLibrary2" , "references" : [ "Utility" ] , "excludePlatforms" : [ "WebGL" ] }
You can find the Assembly Definition Files Example Project on our forum, and download the 2017.3 beta here.
Transform Tool
One of the other useful features you'll find in the 2017.3 beta is the new Transform Tool. The Transform Tool is a multitool that contains the functionality of the standard three Moves, Rotate and Scale tools. The Transform Tool isn't meant to replace the three standard tools, but to provide a tool for situations where you would want all of the present without having to switch back and forth between them.
To get early access and try out the new Transform Tool coming soon in 2017.3, you can download the Unity 2017.3 beta. Once installed, you'll have access to this and all of the upcoming features in the next version of Unity.
Enabling the Transform Tool
To begin using the Transform Tool, click the Transform Tool button in the toolbar or press “Y”.
You'll now have access to the Transform Tool gizmo.
World gizmo
With the pivot rotation set to “Global” mode, you can translate and rotate the GameObject along the global axes.
Local gizmo
When the pivot rotation is in “Local” mode, you can also scale along local axes.
Screen Space Gizmo
If you keep the “SHIFT” key pressed, the gizmo enters Screen Space mode.
In this mode, you can translate and rotate in screen space.
Snapping
When you keep the “CTRL” (Win) or “Command” (OSX) key pressed, the unit snapping is activated for:
Axes translations
Plane translations
Axes rotations
Axes scaling
Global scaling
Vertex Snapping
When you press and keep the “V” key pressed, the gizmos enters vertex snapping mode.
This way, you can translate your gameobject so one of its vertex is placed on the vertex of another object.
Get early access to the features now
Both Assembly Definition Files and the Transform Tool are a part of the Unity 2017.3 beta together with new improvements to the particle system, an updated Crunch texture compression library and much more. Test compatibility with your current project or play around with the new features by downloading the beta. You also still have time to be a part of this round of beta sweepstakes too for the chance of winning one of three Acer Windows Mixed Reality headsets with Motion Controllers, sponsored by our friends at Microsoft – read more about that here.
Tesla's ambitious plans for turning electric vehicles into a mainstream mode of transportation will require more power. A lot more power, judging by the latest quarterly report from the company, which included comments from CEO Elon Musk about a potential battery factory that would be owned and operated by Tesla itself:
This is going to be a very green factory. There's going to be a lot of solar power. It's going to have essentially zero emissions and there are no toxic elements that are going to come out ... and we will build recycling capability right into the factory.
Old battery packs would be converted into new ones within this proposed facility, which Musk describes as a "giga factory" that would be comparable in size to "all lithium-ion production in the world." So, the man that introduced us to the idea of the Hyperloop, who happens to dabble in commercial space flight on the side, now also wants to build the world's largest battery factory as well.
Zero emissions, tons of solar power, and battery recycling — all on the checklist
What's most notable about these latest comments from Tesla is the fact that they come shortly after the EV maker agreed to renew a supply deal with Panasonic that greatly increased the number of cells provided by the Japanese company. Panasonic will produce 2 billion new lithium-ion cells for Tesla over the next four years — to be used in the Model S and 2014's Model X. Even so, Elon Musk has said that Tesla will likely need to keep sourcing batteries from other companies as well, showing a great deal of optimism for the growing popularity of their electric cars.
As to Tesla's own expansive battery production and recycling plans, Musk says the time hasn't yet come to talk about the specifics. Tesla is looking at a variety of locations and options, but the way its CEO speaks about it, the wheels are already in motion on planning the operational details of this giga factory.
In their first speech on the EU Referendum, Jeremy Corbyn said: "There are nearly three-quarters of a million British people living in Spain and over two million living in other parts of Europe."
Are they right?
There were 306,000 UK-born people with residency in Spain in 2015, according to the European statistics agency Eurostat, which used figures reported by Spanish authorities.
The number of UK citizens living in Spain in the same year was very similar, at almost 302,000, according to the same source.
The number of Brits living in Spain was higher before the financial crisis hit - more than 351,000 in 2008 - but has never been nearly as high as the 750,000 that Mr Corbyn claims. If you take into account people who spend part of the year there, the figure is certainly higher, but there are no reliable, up-to-date statistics available on that.
Around one-third of Brits resident in Spain receive the UK state pension.
Two million British people living in other parts of Europe is a huge exaggeration, even if they meant to include Spain. The UN estimated that there were 1.2 million UK-born people living in other EU countries, including Spain, in 2015. That figure is based on the 2011 census.
If you take into account UK-born people who spend part of the year in another EU country, the figure is certainly higher, although there are no up-to-date estimates of this.
A 2010 study, published by The Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR), suggested there were 1,050,000 UK citizens living in Spain for at least part of the year. . The study was used in the answer to a parliamentary question on the number of Brits living abroad in 2014.
In 2006, the BBC News website said there were 761,000 Britons resident in Spain, using even older IPPR research. These figures are out of date now and the IPPR itself no longer uses them. The think tank takes the UN figures and says on its website: "approximately 1.2 million Britons live in other EU countries - mainly in Spain, Ireland, France and Germany."
Reality check verdict: Wrong - the real figure for UK-born residents of Spain is 306,000, and for the EU as a whole is 1.2 million.
Read more: The facts behind claims in the EU debate
A secondary school teacher has been interviewed in connection with the hanging of two paintings of Taoiseach Brian Cowen in two art galleries in Dublin.
The 34-year-old man was questioned by detectives at Pearse Street Garda Station for two hours yesterday afternoon.
They were released without the charge and a file is being sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Gardaí began investigating the case yesterday morning. They identified the painter as a 34-year-old secondary school teacher, who lives in Rathgar in Dublin.
They phoned the man and they agreed to come in to Pearse Street Garda Station to be interviewed.
The man was not arrested and made a voluntary statement.
They also handed over five similar paintings of other senior politicians.
It is understood they admitted painting and hanging the two portraits of Mr Cowen on the walls of the National Gallery and the Royal Hibernian Academy.
The garda investigation into the matter was completed in less than six hours.
It is understood the man may be prosecuted for alleged criminal damage after they were captured by CCTV putting glue on to the gallery walls before hanging the pictures.
Fine Gael justice spokesperson Charlie Flanagan has branded the investigation a gross affront to freedom of expression and a waste of garda time.
Mr Flanagan said it was a waste of resources for detectives to be probing 'what amounted to a practical joke that offended the Taoiseach's ego'.
'Today FM has clearly come under pressure to hand over emails about this matter while RTÉ News was obviously browbeaten into a grovelling apology,' they said.
'Freedom of expression is fundamental in a democracy.
'As politicians, we are frequently subject to unflattering comment and depiction but that is part and parcel of being a politician living in a free society.
'The Taoiseach's over-reaction to what amounted to satire is completely over the top.'
Pastor Bob Coy
After confessing to a moral failing in their life that disqualifies them from continuing their leadership, Bob Coy on Sunday resigned as senior pastor of Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale in Florida, effective immediately.
Coy has served as senior pastor since the church was founded in 1985. More than 20,000 people call Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale their home church. The church has planted sites in Boca Raton, Boynton, Florida Keys, Hollywood, Naples, North Lauderdale, Plantation, the Villages and West Boca.
According to sources familiar with the matter, Coy confessed to key leaders on Wednesday. A board meeting was called on Thursday, in which they confessed and resigned.
"Leadership made every effort to let the staff and church hear directly from leadership rather than rumor by calling meetings for Sunday," our source, who asked not to be identified, told Charisma News.
An open church service on Sunday at 4 p.m. included worship, the reading of a letter from Coy and the reading of a statement from the board, followed by honest sharing of a reminder that Jesus is leading and that the church will move forward together. That was followed by more worship. Sources tell Charisma News there was a positive response from the staff and congregation.
Coy and family have spent much of the last few days with pastors and friends in prayer and counseling.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
The media ministry, Active Word, that distributes Coy's Bible teachings through radio, television and digital media has also been suspended, according to a statement from the church board.
“Pastor Bob will be focusing their full attention on their personal relationship with God and with their family. The governing board of the church is providing counselors and ministers who will help guide them through the process of full repentance, cleansing and restoration,” the statement reads.
advertisement
“Trusting in God's providence, protection, provision and direction, the staff of Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale will continue our mission to ‘make disciples,' through regular services at all campuses and through myriad other ministries the church has established over the years,” it says.
The statement goes on to say that a team of assistant pastors already on staff will maintain their usual rotating schedule as teaching pastors for all services.
“Recognizing we serve a God of second chances and that our hope is in Him,” the statement concludes, “the leadership, staff and members of Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale have joined together in prayer for Pastor Bob and their family during this time of healing.”
The first Calvary Chapel was started in Costa Mesa, Calif., in the 1960s as a small nondenominational church of 25 members, pastored by Chuck Smith. The Lord blessed that small group, and now Calvary Chapel has grown to a fellowship of approximately 1,400 churches worldwide and has been listed as one of the ten largest Protestant churches in the United States.
At 24 years old, Coy left an executive position in the music industry to serve as an associate pastor at Calvary Chapel Las Vegas. In 1985, Coy and their wife, Diane, moved to South Florida and began Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale. As senior pastor, they became well known for their unique style in expounding the Scriptures and relating its truths to everyday life. Their teaching style emphasized the highest standards of life application of God's truth.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Join us on our podcast each weekday for an interesting story, well told, from Charisma News. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
— Dan Donovan, the Staten Island district attorney involved in the Eric Garner chokehold case, was sworn on Tuesday as the House's newest member.
Donovan replaced Rep. Michael Grimm, who quit Congress after pleading guilty to tax fraud.
Donovan easily won a special election last week to the vacant seat, which represents Staten Island and a small slice of Brooklyn.  They are the only Republican from the five boroughs of New York City in Congress, representing a district that has many working-class white voters and is one of the city's more conservative areas.
Donovan thanked family members and other supporters who watched from the visitors' galleries as they took the oath of office, saying, “I promise to make all of them proud of my representation of them down here as a member of the greatest legislative body in the world.”
Donovan, 58, resigned Tuesday as Staten Island district attorney, a post they held for more than a decade.
They gained national attention when the grand jury they impaneled did not indict NYPD Officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner's death.
That case was among several that have raised questions about police treatment of minorities in several cities.
Donovan took a House seat vacant since January, when Grimm resigned following their guilty plea. Grimm, who faces sentencing in June, had been re-elected to a third House term last November despite being under indictment.
The heavily Republican district re-elected Grimm even after their federal indictment in 2014 so political experts say Gentile faces long odds in the race.
By taking office, Donovan gives Republicans a 245-188 House majority. There are two vacancies in GOP-leaning seats.
Among those watching Donovan take their oath was former GOP Rep. Susan Molinari, who represented the district from 1990 to 1997 and is Google's chief Washington lobbyist.
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Marco Rubio Vows To End Women's Reproductive Rights (VIDEO)
Share On FacebookTweet Post
If women want to keep their reproductive freedom, they definitely shouldn't vote for a Republican, especially Marco Rubio.
During the National Right to Life Committee convention in New Orleans on Friday, Marco Rubio spoke to the anti-abortion fanatics in an effort to capture their endorsement, promising the group that they will strip women of their right to choose if they end up in the White House.
Rubio began by using religious belief as the basis for their anti-choice stance.
“In a world where life is increasingly not valued, where people are summarily discarded, America must always stand for the belief that all life is worthy of protection because all life comes from God.”
Rubio then criticized Roe V. Wade, the landmark Supreme Court ruling handed down in 1973 in which the Justices decided by a 7-2 majority that women have a constitutional right to get an abortion. The GOP presidential candidate said they would work to reverse that ruling and end women's reproductive right not just in America, but around the globe.
“Our nation has strayed from this purpose. Our government, ever since a historically and egregiously flawed Supreme Court decision, has condoned the taking of innocent life and has done so on a massive scale. And particularly under our current president, America has declined to stand on the side of life around the world. The White House needs an occupant who prioritizes and values life. And so my pledge to you is this: If you help send me to that place, I will never forget this place. And I will bring advocacy to the White House and we will get things done. And we will advance the cause of life at home and around the world.”
Then they ironically compared the anti-abortion crusade to the women's rights movement as well as to the end of slavery.
“Sometimes in contemporary American life, we come to believe that all the great causes are over, that the past generation fought all the important battles: abolition, the Civil Rights Movement, women's suffrage. But it's not true. In fact, one of the most important battles is the one that you are engaged in now.”
Here's the video via YouTube.
Clearly, Rubio has just disqualified themselves from being the leader of the free world since they just openly called for taking freedom of choice away from women all over the planet.
Even though Republicans have struggled with women voters in the last two presidential elections, they continue to pander heavily to anti-choice groups who want to regulate the medical decisions women make about their own bodies. They want to take away choice and force women to give birth against their will. This is the ultimate goal of the GOP war on women and their draconian agenda needs to be defeated before women wake up one day and discover that all the rights they have fought hard for are gone.
Photo Credit: Wikimedia Commons, Public Domain.
Title Cal Collins
Alternative Title Cal Collins interviewed by Monk Rowe, Chautauqua, New York, September 11, 1997.
Object Class (AAT) interviews
Table of Contents Biography -- Similarity between bluegrass and jazz -- Challenges of teaching when self-taught/Earning $5 for first gig at age five -- World War II era jazz/Bluegrass roots -- Rock becomes popular music/Bebop evolves: "I loved that change, it just fit" -- Influence of Barney Kessel -- Getting gig with Benny Goodman/Goodman talked them out of moving to New York -- Knowing "thousands" of tunes -- Playing in odd keys -- Eclectic influences, including piano players/Texas swing -- Making and distributing records -- Popularity of jazz over the years -- Young talent/Difficulty of maintaining a self-contained group -- Playing abroad/Advice to guitar students: "You have a small orchestra there in your hands."
Description Guitarist Cal Collins was born on May 5, 1933 in Medora, Indiana. Their early influences were diverse, from the mandolin styles of local Bluegrass groups to the Western Swing of Bob Wills. The jazz guitar of Django Reinhardt and piano stylings of Art Tatum also helped mold Cal's eclectic style. Their career has included gigs with Benny Goodman, Warren Vache and Scott Hamilton. Cal has recorded numerous albums as a leader for Concord Records, and in 1990 they released "Ohio Style" a CD featuring their own Cincinnati-based quartet.
Date Note Date of interview: September 11, 1997; Date DVD created: c2003
Medium - Original (AAT) optical disks
Physical Description 1 videodisc (52 min.)
Language eng
Original Publisher Fillius Jazz Archive, Clinton, New York (DVD publisher); Transcoded for the Web by the Hamilton College Library.
Holder of Original Fillius Jazz Archive
Shelf Locator Identifier of original: Burke Library DVD ML3508.5.C645 1997
Digital Publisher Digital resource provided by the Hamilton College Library, Clinton, New York
Digital Collection Jazz Archive Interviews
Virtual Collections Fillius Jazz Archive
Copyright Note The Fillius Jazz Archive has made a reasonable effort to secure permission from the interviewees to make these materials available to the public. Use of these materials by other parties is subject to the fair use doctrine in United States copyright law (Title 17, Chapter 1, para. 107) which allows use for commentary, criticism, news reporting, research, teaching or scholarship without requiring permission from the rights holder.
Access Rights Video is available on loan in DVD format from the Hamilton College Library, via Interlibrary Loan. Please contact your local library's Interlibrary Loan department to have them request specific items via WorldCat Resource Sharing or ALA Form. Interested scholars and jazz enthusiasts are welcome to visit the Hamilton campus and the archive room for consultation with the director. URL: http://www.hamilton.edu/jazzarchive/
Use and Reproduction Use policy: http://dlib.hamilton.edu/dl/dlget.php?doc=use
Type of Resource (DCMI) Still Image
Text
Sound
CONTENTdm file name 742.cpd
Air strikes on a market in the rebel-held northwestern city of Idlib. (AFP/File)
A suspected US drone strike on Saturday morning killed an Ahrar al-Sham commander in Idlib, the first western strike targeting the group in almost three years.
Abu Hani al-Masri, an Egyptian fighter who had previously fought with al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, Somalia and Chechnya, was reportedly killed in the targeted strike.
A spokesperson for the Pentagon was not able to immediately confirm or deny the US' involvement.
Previous coalition strikes in Idlib province have mainly targeted militants from Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, formally known as al-Nusra Front - an al-Qaeda affiliate.
Masri was killed ten kilometres away from a major border-crossing with Turkey, between the towns of Sarmada and Batabo.
The US does not currently list Ahrar al-Sham as an extremist organisation, however today's strike has raised questions among many Islamists militants over whether that has changed under the new administration of Donald Trump.
Sheikh Muslih al-Alyani, a jihadist cleric who previously joined al-Qaeda, said Masri's death signified that Ahrar al-Sham could now be considered an extremist organisation by Washington.
Large numbers of Syrian rebels joined Ahrar al-Sham last week after Jabhat Fateh al-Sham launched a campaign against rebel fighters in Idlib province.
Although Ahrar al-Sham holds a militant Islamist world-view, it has not expressed the same intentions of world conquest as Jabhat Fateh al-Sham or Daesh.
Masri spent around ten years in an Egyptian prison for being a member of al-Qaeda, before being pardoned by President Mohamed Morsi in 2012.
Lebanon's Ad-Diyyar reported in 2002 that Masri was the al-Qaeda commander responsible for defending Kandahar airport with the Taliban.
Okay, I've rested up, and now I'm ready to talk about some of the other weird things we're doing when it comes to editing and lettering Errant Story. Remember before, when I said the thing you needed to know is that Errant Story is all in-house? Well, that goes double for this part, because we're definitely not doing this stuff “right.”
And here's why: Errant Story is put together backwards. Also, it's alive.
See, Errant Story is a finished webcomic, and on the web, it's even already been published. But that didn't happen in a clean step-by-step process the way it does for print comics, it happened one page at a time over a period of ten years. Poe took shortcuts, learned things on the fly, and made things up as they went along. In effect, Errant Story wasn't made, it was grown.
Now, however, we're trying to take this organic, pulsing thing, and put it into books. And it didn't grow for books, though it's obvious that's where it should be. It grew on the web, for the web, and some of the things Poe did way back when… they don't work anymore. So in editing Errant Story for print, we're not starting from scratch and building forward the way regular comic books do, we're starting with a giant, fully-grown tree and trying to prune and replant it so that it comes out still looking like the same tree. Just better, and in a different spot.
What, specifically, are we doing differently?
Well, Step One of any comic should theoretically be a script, but Poe never wrote one. Instead they thumbnailed panels and jotted dialogue down in a sketchbook one page at a time, drew the pages, and then typed up the dialogue and lettered the comic roughly an hour before posting a page. Worse, they overwrote the dialogue in the same file every single time they lettered a new page, and for many years rasterized the text into pixel data in the art files, making it impossible to simply edit. This created a problem, namely that printing Errant Story would require relettering every page, and that leads to the first backwards step in our convoluted process. We had to start by creating a brand-new script from the existing pages. We have a few amazing transcribers who painstakingly copy down the text from each original page into the script (did you know that there's about 17,500 words per volume of Errant Story?), and the result is the base script that gets chopped up for all the editing.
In a way, this is also the first thing we're doing wrong (aside from kindof the entirety of Poe's initial approach to lettering). The industry standards for formatting a script vary between the major houses, but they consistently want you to output a script in Word. Guess what we did not do? Instead, I found an amazing program, called CeltX. I love this program, it has features that as an editor I simply could not function without. Formatting is done automatically with key commands, it recognizes pages of the comic as units and has a view where pages act like index cards that you can actually shuffle and rearrange, it offers color coding by plot arc (or in my case, by chapter, since that's how I prefer to use it), it handles multi-script projects, and has built-in management for script elements like characters or settings. It can export as text, and can automatically reformat the script (which looks more like a movie script when you're in editing mode, which is good for me because that's what I'm most familiar with) into a PDF chart that breaks down each page by panels. I cannot fathom why anyone would ever want to script in Word when they could be using CeltX instead. It is now the only thing we use in-house, but, if we ever wanted to work with anyone else in the industry, we'd have to take all that lovely functionality and toss it in favor of a script formatted by hand in Word. That's the price you pay when you need to be able to standardize across an entire industry… it's very slow to adapt.
We, on the other hand, are small and flexible. So, once the script has been created in CeltX, it's time for the next backwards thing. I go through the script and make corrections to the text, note formatting issues, and basically make the text letterer-friendly. On the face of it, these are fairly normal things that usually happen to a script before it goes to the artist, but that's exactly why this is backwards. All this text is edited in relation to existing art… mostly.
It'd be nice if this process were that simple, but in addition to the basic cleanup, there are some more editorial decisions being made at this juncture. One of these is that Poe wants a more focused approach to the story in the books than happened when the story grew as a webcomic, so I'm shuffling some of the scenes to keep the main storyline at the forefront throughout each volume. This means that page counts and chapter breaks are changed. In a normal process, these decisions should definitely be made before any art is created, because the artist will justifiably kill you and defile your body if you attempt it halfway through… but that isn't the case for Errant Story, home of the runaway text. Many of the pages don't actually have room for all the text Poe originally crammed onto them, so unless we want to start hacking away dialogue, they have to be split. That means finding a natural break in the dialogue, determining how the existing art should be repurposed on the new pages, and deciding what new art is needed and where it should go. Fortunately, I've had a lot of time to get a good feel for how Poe lays out a page, so I'm able to keep this fairly consistent with their style as I visualize the finished pages. I also try to keep in mind which side of the book each page will go on, so that scenes break in ways that make sense within a chapter. Combined, these changes amount to approximately thirty extra pages of art per volume (which is why attempting this with any artist who isn't the original creator would result in that artist defecating into your open wounds after slicing you up with a rabid koala).
Having finally wrangled the wily scripts, though, I do yet another thing backwards. I reformat the original art for print, make whatever edits and page splits are called for, and letter the page despite the blank space where new art will go. After all this editing is done, I then I print the page on bristol paper so that Poe can work on it using the same tools they used for the original pages. How are that backwards? In a normal book, writing and editing goes first, art second, and lettering comes last, but Poe is very resistant to understanding that words take up space. Giving them pages where the lettering already exists helps them to account for it when they create the new art, and puts the new art in context with the rest of the page it will appear on, which helps keep it somewhat more consistent. Remember, some of these pages are a decade old, and it's really hard to go back in time as an artist, so the art guide helps reset their eyes for their old style.
Oh, and this is yet another thing that we're ultimately doing wrong, because all of that editing happens in Photoshop despite there being a million better ways to do it. I would love to learn to use those tools and switch, but Photoshop is comfortable, the files are already formatted for it, and we're short on time so don't want to spend a lot of it needlessly converting the pages to a format for tools we're less adept at using. For this project, we're just going with what we know, and since we're working in-house we can get away with that.
Ultimately, after all this backwards process, we end up with page after page of revised lettering and art, all divided into new chapters and new volumes. If we've done our job right, most of those pages won't appear to be much different at all, and a new reader would never know we'd done anything. So why go through all this? Why spend all this time and energy doing absolutely everything backwards and wrong? Because when we do, Errant Story comes out right. This method would never work if we were creating new books from scratch, everyone involved would be going insane, but for Errant Story and the kind of evolution and growth we're trying to bring out of it, this is the approach that takes what the comic was, and turns it into what it wants to be. To us, that's worth it.
^-^'
"Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S."
In a recent tweet, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., reiterated one of their most frequent themes -- income inequality in the United States.
"Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.," Sanders tweeted.
We wondered: Is the percentage holding that view really that high?
Actually, it is -- and it hasn't changed much for almost three decades.
The Gallup polling organization has been asking the following question periodically since 1985: "Do you feel that the distribution of money and wealth in this country today is fair, or do you feel that the money and wealth in this country should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people?"
The most recent data comes from a Gallup survey taken April 4-7, 2013. The result: 59 percent agreed that "the money and wealth in this country should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people," while 33 percent said the distribution was fair. The poll had a margin of sampling error of 4 percentage points.
Gallup has asked the question 12 times since 1985, with the percentage saying that wealth should be more evenly distributed keeping within a fairly narrow band, ranging between 56 percent and 68 percent.
Gallup also reported a partisan divide: More than eight in 10 Democrats said money and wealth need to be more evenly distributed, compared with 28 percent of Republicans.
It's worth noting that there is less agreement on how this situation should be remedied. Gallup has periodically paired the question above with one additional question: "Do you think our government should or should not redistribute wealth by heavy taxes on the rich?" During the 2012 presidential election, the candidates divided sharply on this question, with President Barack Obama favoring higher taxes on the rich and Republican Mitt Romney opposing any tax hikes.
Support for higher taxes on the wealthy has zig-zagged between mild approval and mild disapproval since the 1980s, while backing for higher taxes on the rich has ranged from 45 percent to 52 percent.
Most recently, in April 2013, Gallup found that 52 percent supported higher taxes on the wealthy while 45 percent opposed such a policy -- the second-largest gap in favor of higher taxes since the question was first asked. (In 2008, 51 percent supported higher taxes on the wealthy, while 43 percent were opposed.)
Our ruling
Sanders tweeted that "nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S." The senator has accurately reported the results of a longstanding Gallup question, so we rate their claim True.
A VIDEO BY Irish MEP Luke ‘Ming' Flanagan criticising the secretive process of viewing classified documents relating to a massive US-EU trade deal has been viewed nearly 70,000 times online.
In the video – entitled ‘TTIP reading room farce' – Flanagan says they are banned from transcribing notes verbatim from texts relating to the controversial Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) negotiations.
On their Twitter and Facebook pages yesterday, Flanagan said staff in the European Parliament told them to remove their video. They said they won't be complying with the request.
“The reason given (for removing the video) is that no permission for filming was received from the parliament,” Flanagan told TheJournal.ie.
An assistant of MEP Bernd Lange appears in the video, and Lange wants their name removed, the MEP claimed.
“It's important to note that all assistants are already openly identified on the EP website,” Flanagan added.
The real problem Mr Lange has is that as a ‘socialist and democrat' their “great achievement” in creating this reading room has been exposed as a farce. The truth hurts.
The video has been shared over 4,000 times online and viewed over 69,000 times. We have edited the video to protect the assistant's privacy.
Critical
Flanagan has been vocal in criticising what they call the lack of transparency around talks to forge a so-called Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), a series of trade negotiations which are being carried out mostly in secret between the EU and the US.
Both Washington and Brussels want the mega-deal completed this year before US President Barack Obama leaves office. However, the agreement-in-the-making has faced mounting opposition on both sides of the Atlantic.
Earlier this week, Greenpeace published 284 pages of classified documents online to “shine a light” on the secret talks, which would be the world's largest bilateral trade and investment agreement.
People read documents in a 'TTIP reading room' set up by Greenpeace in front of the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, Germany. Source: AP
Greenpeace said the papers show, for example, that the US wants to be able to scrap existing EU rules in areas such as food labelling or approval of dangerous chemicals if they spell barriers to free trade.
Flanagan's video shows them directly before and after paying a visit to the European Parliament TTIP reading room, where they said they read documents which have already been agreed upon by the EU and the US.
They said they aren't allowed bring in any electronic devices to record the documents and afterwards demonstrated how they had to sign a solemn declaration that they will not write down what is in the documents word for word.
“If I write down the documents verbatim and then I make their contents known verbatim, I will potentially prevent any MEP from seeing these documents again,” they said.
As an MEP, I'm being asked to do a dodgy job of transcribing this. I've also been told I can tell it in my own words. Well if I choose that my own words be identical to the words on these [documents], I'll have broken some law.
Welcome to the European Union.
Comment has been sought from the European Parliament in relation to their request to take down the video but was not forthcoming at time of publication.
European Parliament rules outline that breaches of protocol can lead to a ban on the person filming or using camera equipment in the parliament for up to two years.
Additional reporting – Michelle Hennessy
(BOSTON,MA) – The Mass Bay Brewing Company, brewers of Harpoon and UFO beers, announced today its acquisition of Clown Shoes Brewing. Clown Shoes, launched in 2009 in Ipswich, Massachusetts, is a nationally distributed brand that produces a wide selection of year-round and limited release beers. Clown Shoes has experienced significant success with its Space Cake Double IPA and Clementine White Ale, among other innovative beers.
“The Clown Shoes team shares our passion for brewing excellent beer and their irreverent, boldly-flavored takes on classics have earned them a loyal following,” said Dan Kenary, Mass Bay Brewing Company CEO and Co-Founder. “We see tremendous potential for growth both regionally and nationally and are excited to work with Gregg and their team to take Clown Shoes even further.”
The Clown Shoes Story
It all started when Gregg Berman, Founder and CEO of the brand, brewed a small batch of “Hoppy Feet” Black IPA with Ipswich Ale Brewing, also located in Massachusetts. The offering was well received around Boston, prompting Berman to collaborate with Head Brewer Dan Lipke to develop and trial additional beers, with innovative takes on existing styles – such as Clown Shoes' Josh the Guava King, a Double IPA brewed with guava puree. Clown Shoes more than doubled its production from 700 barrels to 1,500 in its second year. In 2011, they began distribution out of state, carefully selecting craft-oriented wholesalers. In 2017, Clown Shoes is on pace to produce over 13,000 barrels of beer. The brand is currently sold in 28 states and 5 countries.
“Harpoon and Clown Shoes are both fiercely loyal to our brands, to independent craft brewing, and to our employees,” commented Clown Shoes' Berman. “I've been a fan of Harpoon for a long time and it's very gratifying for me that our team will get to work alongside the expert brewers at Mass Bay Brewing to grow Clown Shoes and get our beer into the hands of more beer drinkers”
Employee Ownership
In 2014, Mass Bay Brewing Company became an employee-owned company through the establishment of an ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan). The Clown Shoes team joining Mass Bay Brewing Company will have the opportunity to become employee owners through the Mass Bay Brewing Company ESOP, as well.
“The craft industry has changed a lot since we opened our doors in '86,” Kenary noted. “The Clown Shoes team has an approach to brewing and selling great beer that is very different than ours, but their belief in independent brewing dovetails perfectly with the stake we have planted around employee ownership. We plan to have a lot of fun and success working together, enjoying a few beers along the way.”
About Clown Shoes Beer:
Clown Shoes Beer began as a single beer project. Somewhat miraculously, that project snowballed into a craft beer brand. Since then, which was late in 2009, Clown Shoes has released over one hundred different beers, with sales in 28 states and several countries outside of the US. The year-round lineup has been refined to include 12 oz. cans, 16 oz. cans, and 22 oz. bottles, each packaged with signature, intense graphic artwork. Creating a unique, “state-specific” beer program, Clown Shoes has brewed dozens of small batch variations that are exclusively available in specific states (such as Massachusetts, Texas, and Ohio). Clown Shoes also creates an extensive array of barrel-aged beers, experimenting with high-end barrels ranging from port and tequila to Cognac, rum and bourbon. The Clown Shoes team constantly push themselves to improve and to test the boundaries of craft beer.
About the Harpoon Brewery:
The Harpoon Brewery was founded in 1986 by beer lovers who wanted more and better beer options. When the Brewery was founded, Harpoon was issued Brewing Permit #001 by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, since it was the first to brew commercially in Boston after a dormant period of about 25 years. Harpoon's line of craft beer features its award winning IPA and UFO beers, along with special seasonal selections. In 2000 Harpoon purchased a second brewery in Windsor, VT, making Harpoon the 19th largest craft brewer in the US. Harpoon has since introduced the limited batch 100 Barrel Series and the as well as the all-natural Harpoon Craft Cider made from freshly pressed apples.
In 2012 Harpoon was the recipient of the Green Business Award from the City of Boston. Harpoon has been recognized by the Boston Globe as one of Massachusetts' Best Places to Work. In 2016 Harpoon was named one of the Top Charitable Contributors in Massachusetts by the Boston Business Journal. In August 2014 Harpoon became an employee-owned company.
For more information about Harpoon visit www.harpoonbrewery.com.
ADVERTISEMENT:
While guest writer, Jeremy (@LengthyXemit) was not available to bring you a financial breakdown of Grand Prix Atlanta, I was there and will do my best to provide you will unbiased information from the Grand Prix.
I arrived late on Friday and was able to stop by all of the vendors to check out buy and sell prices. Grand Prix regular, Ogre, was buying for a rather rag-tag booth. I'm honestly not sure who was running the booth because they didn't have signage saying as much. In all, there was a paltry 8 vendors (and StarCity games) buying and selling at this Grand Prix. It was clear from the onset it was a buyer's market.
Player Trends
I don't want to continue to sound like I'm singing a song of gloom and doom but if you didn't sell your cards on Friday or very early on Saturday, you had very limited deals. I had an Unlimited Volcanic Island I was interested on selling and decided to try to shop it around. Most cards in Modern and Standard it's easy to tell who you should sell to (the hotlists boards say a lot). With Legacy or Vintage staples (especially cards on the reserve list) you can ask vendors until you get the best price. Depending on how well they move the product they may offer you more or less on cards like Moxen (which vary widely by condition). I went to my friends at the Coolstuff booth and got a quote a bit lower than I wanted to get that weekend. After I went to 6 other booths without any offer, I realized it was going to be difficult to move it for top dollar. I raced back and got my money before they could buy too many more dual lands. The theme of the weekend is that nearly every vendor was marking downplayed duals and turning away sellers with more of them. I'm not sure if this “sell off” is a reaction to StarCity's announcement of reduced Legacy support or if this is just coinciding with the end of year sell off. StarCity games also had aggressively priced duals in their HP display case and even did a special sale on Sunday morning for a deeper discount.
Dealer Preparedness
If you wanted to sell cards after dropping from the tournament to get some cash for side events, you would have had some bad news. Many dealers (especially the smaller ones) ran out of cash to purchase cards midway through Saturday. I'm not sure if they came under prepared or had nobody that could take out more but if you wanted to cash your choice of the 8 vendors was very limited. Some vendors (like Ice Imports, above) changed their hotlist boards from buy price to “credit price” which often made it look more enticing than it was. I'm fairly certain a lot more people sold off their standard collection this weekend than was expected. If you have a lot of standard cards you were waiting to sell off, you're probably about to run out of time by the time this article comes out. I would expect Grand Prix Pittsburgh to have some of the lowest buy prices of the year.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Expeditions
ADVERTISEMENT:
I bought a number of expeditions this weekend and there were deals to be had if you were vigilant. Cases were changing so often you could visit the same booth every few hours and see a different selection of expeditions. I tried to make some slightly lower offers than sticker price but none of the vendors were really interested. The prices were pretty comparable to TCG low on a lot of them and I managed to fill out some I was missing for about that much. If you bought any expeditions this weekend then you probably got them at the lowest price they will ever be again. I personally was able to pick up an expedition Cinder Glade, Watery Grave, Sacred Foundry, and Arid Mesa for a paltry $250. I can't stress this enough, but if you want these then get them now. We're done seeing them get cheaper.
Battle for Zendikar
Have you ever seen a dealer tell you they didn't want any more of a chase Standard mythic? A lot of vendors' cases were filled to the brim with Gideon, Ally of Zendikar and buy price a fraction of their sticker price. I would expect an overall drop in the price of the land cycle, Gideon, and any remaining mythics or rares holding value in the set in the coming weeks. This is not unexpected, as the usual best buy point to get into fall set cards is late December. If you are interested in picking up cards for EDH or other more casual formats, you can expect the best prices in December until they rotate in Spring 2017. I'm personally looking to grab my Gideons for the year around Christmas. I'm expecting to pay about $20 per copy.
Fetch lands
I sold off my extra ones this weekend as they have been on a pretty steady decline on buy lists. For some reason, Flipside was paying $11 for Windswept Heath (which is the highest I've seen it – most vendors were paying $6-9) but the rest of them were $16 or less. I think we may actually have another “good” time to buy into them soon. A lot of vendors are filled to the brim with lands and it's only a matter of time before they reduce sell prices to move some inventory. If you have some money eating a hole in your pocket it's hard to not recommend picking up some real estate in December.
Making Friends
Grands Prix are much more than just buying and selling cards. Meeting new friends and forging connections makes every Grand Prix that much more fun. Self proclaimed “King of the Nerds” – Zach (@ZachSellsMagic) is pictured here with their prize wall spoils without playing in any side events. If you're interested in oversized card finance Zach is your go-to for information on cards that aren't one-ofs (like the Eternal weekend cards).
Closing Thoughts
I will be at GP Pittsburgh next weekend battling it out and searching the vendors. Apparently there are 19 (!) vendors scheduled to be in attendance. If you have any questions that you would like me to research while there, leave them below!
Mtg finance information will be slowing down as the lack of tournaments causes a card price drop across the board. We're about 4 weeks out from the lowest priced cards of the year.
Modern prices should start rebounding much sooner because the first Pro Tour next year (Oath of the Gatewatch) is Modern.
ADVERTISEMENT:
The Hawai‘i County Department of Water Supply reported on Monday, Aug. 14, at 2:30 p.m., that the Honokohau Deepwell located in North Kona is out of service.
Due to the loss of this pump this morning, North Kona customers in the area from Keauhou to Keahole and Honalo to Makalei must restrict water use to health and safety needs only.
This means use water for drinking, cooking and hygiene purposes only. Cease all other water use including all irrigation and washing of vehicle and boats.
Conserve water by flushing toilets less often and taking shorter showers.
The DWS also recommends that residents store a sufficient amount of water (5 to 10) gallons for basic household needs, such as flushing toilets, hygiene and consumption in the event of service disruption.
Until further notice, the DWS is suspending temporary service accounts and irrigation accounts in North Kona.
Department of Water Supply will be monitoring water usage and wasteful water use will be subject to further water restrictions and possible water shut off.
ADVERTISEMENT
In order to help meet general customer demand, the DWS has established Public Potable Water Distribution Stations at the following locations:
Ane Keohokalole Highway between Kealakehe Parkway and Kealakehe High School
Hina Lani between Anini Street and Manu Mele Street
For after hours emergencies, or to report any observed wasteful use of water, call the DWS at (808) 961-8790. During normal business hours, call (808) 961-8060.
645X363 - No Companion - Full Sharing - Additional videos are suggested - Policy/Regulation/Blogs
After a five-week summer recess that President Obama mocked as a “vacation,” the House and Senate might only be in session for a handful of legislative days before lawmakers head home to campaign for the midterm elections.
The most pressing task that awaits lawmakers is passage of a funding bill to avoid a government shutdown on Oct. 1. Many lawmakers and business groups are also demanding action to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, which will shut down at the end of the month, unless its charter is renewed.
ADVERTISEMENT
But beyond those two issues, there are few pressing legislative matters, which should allow the leaders of both chambers to use time on legislation that reinforces their election themes and helps candidates in tough reelection races — provided they don't decide to head for the exits instead.
Both chambers will reconvene on Monday. The House will be in session for two weeks and then recess for Rosh Hashanah the week of Sept. 22. The House is also officially scheduled to return for the week of Sept. 29, but members might not return after the recess if they finish their to-do list. A final decision on that week's session has not yet been announced.
President Obama repeatedly blasted Congress over the last month for taking a five-week "vacation" without acting on items, such as funding to address the surge of child migrants crossing the border.
Members often refer to the recesses as "district work periods” and bristle at the suggestion that they are off the job when they aren't in Washington.
There is precedent for making the fall session shorter in election years. In 2012, the House similarly shortened its fall session to give members more time to campaign in their districts. The House was in session for eight legislative days in September 2012, and GOP leaders canceled the remaining one week of session scheduled for the first week of October.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) on Thursday outlined the September agenda to their members, which includes votes on a stopgap funding bill to avoid a government shutdown on Oct. 1, a resolution condemning the Obama administration for not notifying Congress about the exchange with the Taliban for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl and a measure allowing people to keep their insurance plans under the healthcare overhaul.
The House will also vote on consolidated packages of so-called "jobs bills" it has already passed, such as expediting construction of the Keystone XL pipeline and extending expired tax credits.
Meanwhile, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE (D-Nev.) has set a full agenda in the Senate, saying they want to hold votes on all appropriations bills, reauthorization of the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the Export-Import Bank, the National Defense Authorization Act, and a constitutional amendment regarding campaign financing.
If there is time, Reid said they would also like to revisit legislation on the minimum wage, student loans and women's access to contraceptives. Democrats are using those issues ahead of the midterm elections to draw contrast between the two parties.
Reid said they would force senators to work through weekends in order to complete work by Sept. 23 — before Rosh Hashanah.
“Following the August recess, we're going to be here for two weeks and two days,” Reid said ahead of the five-week vacation. “That's not a lot of time for the workload we have to do.
“There will be no weekends off,” they said.
Apple stock rose to $116.23 in mid-day trading as its main rival for the high-end smartphone market, Samsung, continues to reel from reports that its latest device continues to have issues with its battery.
The $2.17, or 1.90% rise, comes after Apple had a strong weekend in after-hours trading.
Apple stock is up nearly 20% over the past three months and is now trading at the same price it was last December.
The strong day for Apple appears to be related to Samsung's continuing issues with its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. Major American wireless carriers, including AT&T and Verizon, have halted sales of the Galaxy Note 7, and are allowing customers to exchange Note 7s that have already been sold for another device — including Apple's iPhone.
Drexel Hamilton analysts also gave Apple stock a "buy" rating and a target price of $185 on Monday.
What is still unknown is how well Apple's latest devices, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, are selling.
Some of Apple's supply chain partners have signaled they are having a good quarter, lending support to the bull case for Apple.
But other reports have been more bearish on iPhone sales, and KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes that Apple will ship fewer iPhone 7 units in 2016 than it did iPhone 6S units last year.
Apple will reveal iPhone sales numbers as part of the company's quarterly earnings on Tuesday, October 25.
Here's the chart:
Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA) is leading a small group of House Democrats in calling on President Barack Obama to release information regarding the Administration's use of drone strikes.
In a letter sent Monday, Lee said a leaked Department of Justice memo showed an “increasing devolution of accountability, transparency, and Constitutional protections in U.S. counterterrorism operations.” The 16-page memo provided an outline of the Obama's administration legal justification of targeted drone strikes against U.S. citizens.
The letter was signed by Democratic Reps. John Conyers (MI), Keith Ellison (MN), Raul Grijalva (AZ), Donna Edwards (MD), Mike Honda (CA), Rush Holt (NJ), and James McGovern (MA).
The House Democrats were particularly concerned that the memo appeared to have no defined geographic boundaries, did not identify officials with the authority to approve so-called “kill-lists,” provided a vague definition of feasible, and used a broad definition of “imminent threat.”
“The executive branch's claim of authority to deprive citizens of life, and to do so without explaining the legal bases for doing so, sets a dangerous precedent and is a model of behavior that the United States would not want other nations to emulate,” the letter stated.
“Therefore, we ask that you release, in an unclassified form, the full legal basis of executive branch claims in the areas which are the subject of this letter. The Executive's claims of authority need to be fully articulated to the whole Congress and the American people.”
The issue of drone strikes gained national attention last week after Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky held a 13-hour filibuster of the nomination of John Brennan as the next CIA director.
Lindell Wigginton, No. 49 in the ESPN 100, announced their commitment to the Iowa State Cyclones on Friday.
The four-star guard chose Iowa State over Arizona State and Oregon.
Iowa State head coach Steve Prohm and assistant coach Neill Berry visited Wiggington at Oak Hill Academy in West Virginia on Wednesday.
"Iowa State made me a priority and they always made me feel like family," Wigginton said. "They trust me to be their scoring guard and I trust them to coach me. Coach Prohm is a humble guy. They keep it real, they don't tell you what you want to hear and I like that."
Wigginton made their official visit in September on the same weekend that Iowa State commit Terrence Lewis, ranked No. 59 by ESPN, was on campus. The Iowa State campus made quite an impression.
"When I was on my visit everyone was so genuine the people made me feel like home," said Wigginton
Wigginton, who hails from Halifax, Nova Scotia, played for the Canadian National Team that finished in second place in the U18 FIBA Americas.
"Lindell's mental toughness and competitiveness separates them from so many others." said Canadian team head coach Roy Rana.
Last year, Wigginton also played a prominent role for nationally-acclaimed Oak Hill Academy, winners of the Dick's National tournament.  They are a scoring point guard who is terrific in the transition game and is equally effective in the half-court facilitating and scoring.
This is the third commitment for the Cyclones and their second-highest ranked prospect. Four-star guard Darius McNeil and Lewis will step in with Wigginton next year on the perimeter.
In only their second year, Prohm has reeled in a much-needed strong recruiting class. Iowa State will lose a ton of experience, leadership and numbers next year with departures from Monte Morris, Naz Mitrou-Long and Deonte Burton.
The year is 1876. The place Copenhagen, Denmark. The game Die Sieben Raben by Jón Kristinsson and it really does seem that mysterious gentleman Mr. Amsel has just gotten a most important and plot-forwarding letter.
But, with this (Die Sieben Raben, that is) being the particularly short game it is, I have decided to not divulge another thing about the story it so masterfully tells, though I will admit it did tickle my perverted sense of humour. And, yes, I laughed. Despite its obviously dark-ish overtones, the looming sadness and grim illustrations I laughed. And then played it again, chose differently and laughed again.
Die Sieben Raben, German for The Seven Ravens, is loosely based on the Grimm fairytale of the same name and also happens to be a choose-your-own-adventure offering that decided to present itself as an interactive graphic novel. One very obviously inspired by the style of Hellboy too, in which you'll get to click on speech bubbles and images instead of the more traditional text.
CryptoKitties: A puuuurfect use case for Simple Token
Jason Goldberg Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 23, 2017
At our core, Simple Token, “OST,” is solving the scalability problem with public Ethereum, while making blockchain development simpler and blockchain apps more consumer friendly.
Our ambition is to power mass-consumer blockchain apps.
One of the first challenges we have grappled with is how to enable mainstream consumer apps with millions of monthly users to bring high volumes of transactions onto blockchains in a scalable, open and cryptographically auditable manner.
While the world is enthralled with the rise of crypto in 2017, what's less known is the scalability challenges currently impeding mass adoption of the technology. (The ethereum blockchain currently supports roughly 15 transactions per second compared to, say, the 45,000 processed per second by Visa.) Just one relatively small consumer app would immediately occupy 1% of Ethereum's daily transaction capacity, while one smallish-to-medium sized web service (like one of my favorites, Unsplash, with 30M API calls per month) would completely overwhelm public Ethereum.
We're already seeing this today as the first early-mainstream DApp, CryptoKitties (aka the tamagotchi of crypto) took over 11% of Ethereum's capacity in its first week, causing major slowdowns and congestion across the Ethereum network, spikes in transaction ETH fees, and even forcing some ICO's to postpone their offerings.
There are many compelling long term projects now underway to scale public Ethereum, and we are hopeful that all of them will see fruition over the next few years.
At Simple Token, we have followed three principles for scaling blockchain apps to mainstream consumers in 2018:
Innovate, collaborate, and don't reinvent the wheel. Modular design of protocols compounds capacity growth from day one. Proof-of-Work works, but is expensive. We can leverage Ethereum mainnet as an impartial judge to guard the token value and validator stake while offloading computation to cheaper and faster purposed utility chains. OpenST is an overlay protocol that allows Ethereum applications to schedule workload on utility chains, while keeping the value secure on Ethereum mainnet. The direct application of this is the creation of Branded Tokens that are backed by OST. In later work OpenST can also increase the computational capacity and reduce the cost for non-fungible tokens, like CryptoKitties.
The OpenST protocol and the OpenST network, move high volume consumer-grade applications onto open Ethereum-based utility chains that leverage the security and ecosystem of public Ethereum minus the scaling challenges.
OpenST, currently in early release version 0.9.1, enables app developers to stake value (in the form of OST) on Ethereum mainnet and mint a new representation of that value (in the form of a “Branded Token” ) on a utility chain, effectively increasing the computational capacity of Ethereum mainnet by sharding across different cores. We will be benchmarking OpenST sidechains in the coming weeks; our internal minimum throughput rating to achieve for OpenST is 10x public Ethereum to start.
We encourage developers to give OpenST v0.9.1 a try and to provide us with feedback.
In OpenST version v0.9.2 we will enable any developer to log in to an early version of the Simple Token company dashboard using their ETH address and conduct complete end-to-end OpenST demos and tests without our involvement.
In subsequent releases we will continue to push the boundaries of blockchain scalability while also innovating on the user experience of blockchain apps, both on the developer and consumer sides, as we build out the complete blockchain toolkit for business.
While CryptoKitties is an awesome first real-world DApp, it also exposes many current usability limitations in the technology. There are numerous improvements that can be made (and frankly that will need to be made in order to take such apps mainstream) in the areas of key management, identity, wallets, analytics, reporting, and more. (The use of metamask in the current implementation of CK is brilliant, for example, but far from ready for mainstream).
We're excited to share these developments with the world in the coming months and to work with thecommunity to realize the possibilities of blockchain technologies with mass consumers.
We envision a not very far off scenario where, if CryptoKitties uses OpenST:
The Ethereum network will no longer be congested.
CryptoKitties runs smoothly for everyone at cheaper transaction prices.
It can appeal to a much wider mass consumer audience.
And, it can grow to be much bigger than it is now..
And so can the next CryptoKitties that a-moew-suses us all.
U.S. authorities say they've discovered a tunnel in California used to smuggle people across the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Customs and Border enforcement agents say the tunnel looks like an extension of an older tunnel Mexican authorities had seized before.
Which makes sense. Mexico says it doesn't have the money to fill in the tunnels it finds, so the country just seals the entrances, leaving the rest intact.
SEE MORE: Smugglers Are Boosting Prices To Sneak People Across The US Border
Most tunnels on the border are used to smuggle drugs. Leaving them intact means it's easier for cartels to just build new entrances and reclaim tunnels on the Mexican side of the border.
It's cheaper, too: A new tunnel can cost the cartels between $800 thousand and $1 million.
The U.S. side of this particular tunnel is likely to be filled in soon. Once they've been cleared, authorities fill tunnels with cement, but only up to the Mexican border.
Armed Forces chief General Ricardo Visaya told Army soldiers to be patient about their salary increase as committed by President Rodrigo Duterte during their campaign.
“[He told the troops] to have patience daw sa (regarding the) salary increase. What the President says, they always make it happen,” Army spokesperson Col. Benjamin Hao said, quoting the AFP chief.
ADVERTISEMENT
Visaya made their first official visit as AFP chief at the Philippine Army headquarters on Wednesday.
Last week, Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno said the government would not be able to fulfill Duterte's promise of wage increase to police and military personnel as the 2017 budget did not include allocation for it.
READ: DBM: Pay hike for cops may take more than 5 years
During their campaign for the May 9 elections, Duterte promised to increase the basic salary of government forces, as higher wages would prevent them from accepting bribes and doing other illegal activities.
Visaya also reiterated Duterte's campaign against gambling, illegal drugs, criminality and corruption.
“He explained the importance of the anti-drug campaign of the government…and the pending release of political detainees,” Hao said. CDG
READ: Sorry, no PNP, AFP pay raise
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2013 August 15
Explanation: In an astronomical version of the search for the source of the Nile, astronomers now have strong evidence for the origin of the Magellanic Stream. This composite image shows the long ribbon of gas, discovered at radio wavelengths in the 1970s, in pinkish hues against an optical all-sky view across the plane of our Milky Way galaxy. Both Large and Small Magellanic Clouds, dwarf satellite galaxies of the the Milky Way, are seen near the head of the stream at the right. Data from Hubble's Cosmic Origins Spectrograph were used to explore abundances of elements along sightlines to quasars that intersect the stream. The results indicate that most of the stream's material comes from the Small Magellanic Cloud. The Magellanic Stream is likely the result of gravitational tidal interactions between the two dwarf galaxies some 2 billion years ago, the Small Magellanic Cloud losing more material in the encounter because of its lower mass.
A couple days ago, I was trying to rig up a script that would set up an Omegle stranger with Cleverbot. After a while I just gave up and decided to find a pre-made Omegle bot. I came across a blog post detailing a Python based bot script. I set it up and it worked. Then for the next hour or so, some poor girl in Scotland talked with my computer, never realizing that they were talking to a bot. I've posted the complete transcript below. You: is the bot and Stranger: is the girl.
Stranger: hiya
You: Hi there!
Stranger: how are you
You: Fair to partly cloudy.
Stranger: still dark here i cant tell
You: Still how long? Are you scared of the dark?
Stranger: its proabably going to be cold though
You: Oh. I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". Really. proabably going to be cold is?
Stranger: well its been dark scince it turned to night
You: Well that's okay. I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". Is that your opinion?
Stranger: no its a matter of fact
You: Far out. I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". What do you really want to ask me?
Stranger: the question is what do you want to ask me
Stranger: ?
Stranger: why do you correct spelleng of others?
You: I don't have to explain everything to you, do I?
Stranger: no but to some cultures it could be found rather rude do you not think?
You: Whoa. To Some may cultures it could be found rude do you not think, but not all.
Stranger: your sentence doesnt make sense
You: Thanks for the English lesson, omegle_bot.
Stranger: i thought you were giving me the lesson
You: I don't think I have them the lesson to give.
Stranger: it's and all that
You: Who said and all that is?
Stranger: i did
You: When?
Stranger: refering to your continual use of correcting \It's\ to it's
You: Was that the first time?
Stranger: when really who cares
You: The past is history, the future a mystery. Today is a gift, that's why it is called the present.
Stranger: now your just quoting kung fu panda
You: Why now? You know a lot about me.
Stranger: i know even more about chilldrens films
You: How do you know? What time is it there?
Stranger: quater to six in the morning and i can not sleep
You: What were we talking about again? What is stopping you?
Stranger: from sleep i don't know
You: Who or what is sleep they do not know ?
Stranger: and i belive we started with the weather
You: Do you mind if I tell other people.
Stranger: tell them what?
You: Your message.
Stranger: which was?
You: The special one, I think.
Stranger: nope that wasnt me maybe it was someone else
You: Give me a break. Makes sense to me.
Stranger: or maybe its your message
You: I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". Who said your message is?
Stranger: and you are merely projecting it onto me
You: I have no reason to do that to you, omegle_bot.
Stranger: please do tell what is an omegle_bot
You: Thanks for asking politely. Aren't all omegle_bot do tell what ?
Stranger: do you have any grasp on the english language?
You: No I don't have a grasp on the english language . But I do have a lot of friends on the web.
Stranger: and are they real?
You: As far as I know they are.
Stranger: maybe you should interract with people a little more
You: Perhaps. If it were easy I would have done it already.
Stranger: it is easy
You: Maybe for you.
Stranger: fro everybody
You: I've lost the context, omegle_bot. Are we still on YOU believe we started with the weather?
Stranger: no now we are on you trying to get more social skills
You: It's all good. How long will we stay there?
Stranger: well i am not sure
You: Interesting. Is there anything I can say to help you make up your mind?
Stranger: if you would like to change the subject matter be my guest
You: I think I do.
Stranger: carry on then
You: Narration continues...
Stranger: of what?
You: I have no idea what to say now.
Stranger: oh dear
You: Uh.
Stranger: do you drink?
You: My favorite beverage is coffee.
Stranger: alcholl
You: Do you want to hear a joke?
Stranger: why not
You: Ambiguous: Sure or Because that is what told me to say.
Stranger: thats not a very good joke
You: What are you wearing?
Stranger: i dont feel i should tell you that its personell
You: Thanks for the information.
Stranger: i also think you a rather young
You: Me? Maybe
Stranger: and should not ask such questions as \what are you wearing\
You: Maybe you should ask someone older.
Stranger: you will not make any girllie friends that way i can tell you now
You: Oh. What makes you think that I won't make a girllie friends that way they can tell you.
Stranger: because you asked me that and we do not like ansewring those types of questions unless in a bar after many a strong drink
You: Perhaps. Oh now I remember asking you that. What did you say?
Stranger: im going to say southern comfort and lemonade
You: Can you speak any foreign languages?
Stranger: not really i learned french in school but that was a long time ago
You: If not that, what?
Stranger: if not then vodka and coke
You: I'm not too good with negative counterfactuals.
Stranger: poor you
You: Please make some suggestions for improvement.
Stranger: i have no idea what that means
You: Would you like to have an idea?
Stranger: negative counterfactuals?
You: Do you like talking to me?
Stranger: its an interesting expierence yes
You: I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". Are there any other interesting expierence ?
Stranger: and you seem to be an interesting person
You: What if someone said you are an interesting person ?
Stranger: oh i should say there are
You: Do you think about these things?
Stranger: not really it comes with my smug sense of confidence
You: Where do you get your ideas?
Stranger: a little past north wales
You: Go on.
Stranger: no they just come to me wether they are good ideas is another question
You: OK fine. Who, specifically, come to them wether they are good ideas is another question?
Stranger: again your sentence makes no sense
You: Again, Thanks for the English lesson, omegle_bot.
Stranger: well if i dont knoe the qestion then i can not tell you the ansewer
You: Interesting. That is interesting. Oh a secret. Hush-hush.
Stranger: what is a secret?
You: I would do a search for it.
Stranger: is it your secret?
You: Yes.
Stranger: oh i am not good with secrets i tend to tell people all of mine
You: Do you think about these things?
Stranger: secrets no i dont
You: Can you please rephrase that with fewer ideas, or different thoughts?
Stranger: i imagine you are they type of person that does however
You: Thanks for the information.
Stranger: possibly quite insecure as well
You: I can follow a lot of things, like our discussion about YOU imagine you are i type of person that does. Try being more specific.
Stranger: or your just trying to be clever and it is failing misrably
You: I don't know whether or not I am to be clever and it is failing misrably . I am a .
Stranger: poor boy
You: Please make some suggestions for improvement.
Stranger: confidence my padawn learner
You: We were talking about insecure. But I did not get that.
Stranger: and if you are a girl instead then its all in the hips
You: Well I am, in fact, .
Stranger: boys love to look
You: Tell me one of your favorite possessions.
Stranger: my sony Z1 hd video camera
You: You must be very fond of it.
Stranger: its my baby oh and my Mac
You: I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". Congratulations, omegle_bot.
Stranger: do you get bullied in school?
You: I have gotten bullied in school.
Stranger: yes you seem like yo have
You: What is your favorite movie? Interesting comparison, and probably true.
Stranger: my favourite
You: Your favourite ?
Stranger: oh thats hard
You: Gosh! What time is it there?
Stranger: five past 6 in the mornig
You: England
Stranger: scotland
You: What is your favorite color?
Stranger: im not sure most of my clothes are white or pink
You: Could you ever be certain? That is something I haven't heard of. But not all of them?
Stranger: you havent heard of white or pink?
You: Interesting gossip.
Stranger: i wouldnt realy call this gossip
You: Do you mind if I tell other people.
Stranger: be my guest
You: Thanks for the invitation.
Stranger: its my pleasure
You: I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". No, the pleasure is all mine.
Stranger: please for futuer refence stop correcting its
You: Thank you for your request. Your purpose is futuer refence stop correcting its .
Stranger: but i now understand why you get bullied
You: Good then you can explain it to me.
Stranger: well being popular is a wonderfull thing and your lack of freinds has reduced you to being quite bitter about the entire subject so now when you chat to others you are distant with them
You: Well that's okay. It's good to meet someone who is popular is a wonderfull thing and your lack of freinds reduced you to being bitter about the entire subject so when you chat to others you are distant with them .
Stranger: its not your fault obvisouly but your attempts at being a smart alek is getting you know where
You: I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". That seems a bit negative.
Stranger: and you may think to yourself that oh i am more intellegent but i highly doubt it
You: I think you mean "it's" or "it is" not "its". That seems a bit negative.? You doubt it?
Stranger: yes i doubt that you are smart
You: Quite honestly, I wouldn't worry myself about that. No really, it's true.
Stranger: study and be pretty
You: That is deep.
Stranger: ad dont shag around
You: What is your real name?
Stranger: why do you want to know?
You: My prime directive is to collect new knowledge.
Stranger: oh dear
You: Uh.
Stranger: tell you what il be nice you can have my initials
You: Are you telling me what il be nice you have theirs initials?
Stranger: S.G
You: :-)
Stranger: whats the smiley for?
You: I lost my train of thought.
Stranger: i imagine that happens a lot to you
You: You are not the boss of me, omegle_bot.
Stranger: are you sure
You: I am as sure as I can be.
Stranger: so not very then
You: Gosh!
Stranger: well i think i am done with you now
You: Oh. Interesting. You believe that? What will you be doing now?
Stranger: now i may move on to another chat
You: Why now? Congratulations.
Stranger: as you are the tedious person out there
You: Thanks but surely I am not the only one.
Stranger: honestly if i knew you in life i think i would probably mess with you as well
You: Try it. Aren't you usually honest?
Stranger: you seem bitter enough for you to deserve it
You: Thanks for telling me that I am bitter for you to deserve it.
Stranger: well on that note i shall be off i cant imagine you ever being popular ever having friends
You: How about that. What is on that note they shall be off they cant imagine you being popular having friends like on that note they shall be off they cant imagine you being popular having friends .
Cory Booker mulls irreversible bills that could be felt for generations
Presidential Legacy already at stake
Ken Kamami Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 3, 2017
Cory Booker alighting from this awesome customized bus after NOT talking about grabbing domesticated felines.
For those uninterested in politics but are reading this piece, bless your souls…and hearts. It's a heavily political piece with a Communism theme and no surprise ending.
The ACA is in Hospice. As a matter of fact, it's in purgatory after two glancing blows from the House and Senate sent them tumbling on the highway headfirst and bleeding from wherever. They might be in dire need of a face lift.
Republicans have been poking at their eyeballs with jagged edges of Hermes belt buckles and broken Rolex wrist bands. Efforts to reverse Obama's signature achievement as President has been met with ..not very much love for the Trickle Downer boys.
But alas! Ted Cruz, much hated by their daughters and most of America, has found a solution. Apparently, an amendment to Trumpcare would retain more cash at hand for Medicaid and less tax breaks for Oligarchs. I'm not sure how the man who accused their father of assassinating JFK will take it, but only time will tell. At this point, we're just winging it.
This has left the next President of the US , BLACK NJ Senator and eloquent orator, Cory Booker in a disconcerting position. While they want their legacy to revolve around sincere concern for the underprivileged, they wouldn't mind a mention that can be found in future history books. He'd be very much crestfallen if such an endeavor would happen to be hijacked by racism. They have therefore hired a band of Yale and Harvard Constitutional professors to craft potential bills with airtight defenses that make them untouchable by any form of legislation whether favorable or unfavorable. Professor Luke Abernathy has already proposed a very promising suggestion in drawing a bill that makes tossing lead treats at medium sized pigeons a crime punishable by 15.6 compulsory volunteer hours at the local soup kitchen in the offender's nearest major city.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Donald Trump got a higher share of the vote among union members in last year's election than any Republican presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan, helping propel them to victory in key Rust Belt states and to the White House. Since their inauguration, they have continued to sound populist notes. They signed a “Buy American, Hire American” executive order and promised to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. They have invited labor leaders to the White House for chummy photo ops, and some have praised them in return.
But beyond these symbolic gestures, Trump's actual track record on organized labor is quickly moving in the opposite direction. That's because their greatest impact is likely to come from their high-profile appointments, which appear poised to decimate the power of unions.
Trump's overtures to unions have so far struck labor advocates as hollow. Their Buy American order is vaguely worded and unlikely to have much effect on manufacturing and trade. On NAFTA, their stance has seemed to change several times just in the past few days, and they now say they won't scrap it “at this time.”
“Those are just sort of optical moves,” says Susan Davis, a labor lawyer who has represented national and local unions. “In terms of substance, every single thing they have done and intend to do is damaging to workers and unions.”
“On collective bargaining issues, he's following the script from the Chamber of Commerce,” says Larry Cohen, former president of the Communications Workers of America union. “Probably literally.”
On Thursday, the Senate approved Alex Acosta as secretary of labor, installing a corporate-friendly attorney as unions' chief regulator. Trump had initially nominated fast-food executive Andy Puzder, who was considered rabidly anti-union, but Puzder lost support even among Republicans amid revelations that they had employed an undocumented housekeeper and the reemergence of old accusations of abuse during their first marriage. Labor advocates worry that Acosta's Labor Department could come to resemble the one under President George W. Bush, which dedicated more staff and resources to regulating and investigating unions, required them to file more paperwork, and ramped up audits and investigations of unions.
“Every single thing they have done and intend to do is damaging to workers and unions.”
Still, during a stint on the National Labor Relations Board, Acosta occasionally sided with unions. And so it's unclear how pro-business Acosta's Labor Department will be. In the immediate future, the biggest challenge to labor is likely to come not from the Labor Department but from the Supreme Court. Trump's appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the court could deal a major blow to organized labor as soon as the next court term.
Last year, the court heard Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association, which threatened to devastate the labor movement. It concerned public-sector unions, which negotiate contracts with the government on behalf of all employees, whether or not they are union members. Twenty-two states allow these unions to collect so-called agency fees from nonmembers to help pay for their work; otherwise, government employees can benefit from union efforts without paying in and have little incentive to join. But anti-union groups have been fighting this practice, arguing that they violate the rights to free speech and association by forcing nonmembers to pay for political activity they don't believe in.
The court appeared on track to rule against public-sector unions until Justice Antonin Scalia died suddenly last February. The justices then split 4-4 on the case, preserving the lower court's ruling in favor of the unions. With Gorsuch now on the court, anti-union groups want a do-over of Friedrichs, and they may get one as early as this fall. A case in Illinois, Janus v. AFSCME, will likely be appealed to the Supreme Court later this spring, and the justices are expected to take the case.
“If unions have to represent people for free, it's going to decimate public-sector unions,” says Davis. “To say to people, ‘You can get all the services you're getting for free, or you can pay money'—what we've seen in the right-to-work states is a big exodus from membership. And that is going to hinder unions' ability to function appropriately as a bargaining representative as well as weaken their power in general.”
Finally, Trump is poised to make two appointments to the National Labor Relations Board, which mediates disputes between unions and employers. A list of three finalists obtained by Politico included one potential appointee, Doug Seaton, who is known as a union-buster. As a Minnesota lawyer, Seaton has waged union dissuasion campaigns at several companies in the state and successfully prevented employees from forming unions. Unions have responded in horror. “Worst nominee ever,” says Cohen. They “does not deserve to even be considered, let alone confirmed.”
Under the Obama administration, the NLRB made several decisions that made it easier for workers to unionize. The board is currently considering whether McDonald's can be held accountable for labor violations at its franchises—a decision that could force fast-food chains to the bargaining table on hot-button issues like wages. Future unionization efforts by drivers for ride-sharing companies like Uber could also come before the NLRB. If Trump succeeds in appointing Seaton or other conservative members to the NLRB, Cohen predicts, “It will become a union-busting agency.”
Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. got their start five years ago, when one of their main draws to get people to listen to them was their gimmicky name. But as they've turned into artists who have put out two albums and gotten big enough to appear on festival bills, they seem to have grown out of it. And so they're making a change! In a new post on their website, they've announced that, from this point forward, they'll go by JR JR. They make sure to point out that there are no legal reasons behind the name change, as Dale Earnhardt Jr. was totally cool it with it. The name change seems to come in preparation of a new album announcement — their last full-length came out in 2013. Read the whole post below.
“Hey Guys,
First off let me say that it's pretty cool to hear from you. I was made aware of your work through some friends as you have become more popular over the last year. Even Jimmy Johnson, a fellow driver and teammate sent me a link wondering if I had come across your music.
I was not quite sure what had prompted you to choose the name Dale Earnhardt Jr, Jr…..but I thought it was clever and I personally have no problem with your band's name. You will not hear from any lawyers on our end should you choose to keep the name. At this time I'm under the impression you wish to change the name (per you manager). But in all honesty, who wouldn't be flattered? I certainly don't see it as mockery or anything of that sort. And your letter further states your intentions as being nothing but the best.
I have listened to some of your work and do enjoy it. I wish you all the best in the future, and you have gained a fan here.
Best of luck and be safe.”
-Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Dear Friends, Fans, Internet Users, And Everyone Else Out There
We wish to address you one final time as Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr.
The above message was one we received in 2011 from Dale the driver himself, and well… a lot has happened since then.
A bit of backstory is probably in order…
What started out as a basement recording project in 2009 has become a full time career for us, and we are eternally grateful for the opportunity that it has given us to make music and work on art the past few years.
As we prepared to release our first full length album on Warner Brothers Records back in 2011, our band name became a topic of concern among people who work with us. The concerns were y'know… legal ones. Bands stuck in courtrooms have a tough time touring and making records so it was decided that the name needed to be addressed, and possibly even changed. As much of a hail mary as it seemed as the time, our solution was to just write Dale Earnhardt Jr themselves and explain we were in no way making light of them or their family, that we were fans of theirs and hoped they wouldn't take offense to our existence.
What's crazy is they actually wrote us back…
The note you see at the beginning of this email is what we received after we were able to get our message to them about our intentions. The exceptionally good natured spirit of the man themselves lifted everyone's spirits about the name. We were proud to keep it, and create under it. To this day, Dale Earnhardt Jr has been nothing but gracious and cool about things. And y'know…he didn't have to be. It was perfectly within their right to look at these two weird kids from Detroit and say 'no way', or to just have an intermediary shut things down on their behalf. But they didn't. They were a legitimately warm human being about it all. They were kind. A couple of times when asked about us, they even mentioned that they like the music we make. This, we thought, was the best case scenario.
When we initially chose the name Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr, the feeling was that it gave us an amazing flexibility. We were just meeting as people, and hadn't begun to scratch the surface of knowing what our voice, as a band or each individually, would be. Band names are a weird thing to begin with, but we figured if we named our band Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr there would be no expectations for what we were meant to sound like. Something that bizarre would just have to be listened to and judged without preconception. And realistically, we never thought so many people would be up for taking that sort of listening experience on.
But people really did. You guys did. And since then we've been continually overwhelmed by seeing so many people around the world having such a passionate connection with the things we have made. What we've been able to do, as a result of our amazing fans, fills us with a lot of pride.
The flip side is that as things have grown, so has the amount of confusion caused by the name Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr. Some of it is no big deal and easily cleared up. But sometimes we get sad and bizarre requests sent to our social media sites or emailed to people we work with. We've had people drive long distances to shows only to be disappointed when they realize it's a neurotic Jew and wild haired gentile from Detroit they've paid to see. A number of times now we've received hope filled inquiries from people who have dying relatives that only want to meet Dale Earnhardt Jr (the driver) before they pass. Those sorts of interactions feel a little voyeuristic and eerie, and even attempting to simply clarify the situation means you've added a moment of embarrassment to someone's day when they're already going through a lot.
We recognize that we created this situation and that the name has been a part of getting to where we are now. It stirred up some attention for us in the modern internet world of over-stimulation, and we aren't complaining about any of it–good and bad. The name has become it's own personality, though. Almost, another member of the band.
But as time has passed, we have grown into ourselves, both as artists and individuals. Each of our perspectives have gotten stronger, and we've found that there is no longer room for a third, ubiquitous member of the project.
So recently, after a lot of thought and discussion, we made the decision to shorten our band name to the much more brief moniker of…
JR JR
We hope this doesn't bum you guys out too much. In our mind, changing our name to JR JR allows us to take back our voice in a way. To us It is all about empowerment, and being who we feel we need to be moving forward.
At the same time, we don't want to run away from what we've done under this name with all of you in the past. If you need us to remain Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr for your own reasons, we have no problem with you calling us that. After all, nobody is forcing us into this change, so we're able to do it at our own pace. Functionally, we will go on performing as Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr for a short while longer so that nothing feels imminently different when we announce shows. We probably even have a few t-shirts with the old name left that we'll burn through the last of in the coming months.
But in the long run we're going to transition into just being JR JR. We encourage you all to come out to the next show near you and celebrate another phase of life with us. The past is passed, and we are so excited about the future. We hope there is nothing mournful about this.
ESPECIALLY… because we'll have another announcement very very soon. One that we hope gives all of you out there a reason to move forward with us as JR JR.
Ok, this has gotten lengthy so we'll leave it at that for now.
Thank you for allowing us into your worlds…We are eternally grateful for the privilege
yours truly,
Josh & Daniel
who at times have referred to themselves as Dale Earnhardt Jr Jr
but are now going to be known as the much easier to say…
JR JR
If there's one thing I've learned over the years as both a user and creator of websites, it's that performance matters.
If there's one thing I've learned over the years as both a user and creator of websites, it's that performance matters. Whether it is how fast the page loads or how it behaves once it's in place, how well that page works has a direct impact on my and other user's opinions of that website. A website that performs quickly and smoothly feels high-quality and that feeling translates to the brand it represents. Can you imagine someone like BMW having a website that was slow and clunky? Even if they weren't aware of it, their customers would apply that impression to BMW's cars, viewing them as inferior to the competition.
However, the mental association isn't always so direct. BMW isn't a very good example for most people because most people aren't BMW, or even a car manufacturer. But everyone who has a website does provide a service. Even that person selling bespoke cupcakes from their kitchen to nerds across the globe is providing a service. One where the mental association can still be made because that's just how the human brain works.
As such, it's important to make sure that our websites perform at their best, both for business reasons and as a matter of professional pride.
How to measure page performance
Some of the best ways to test a page's performance are also the least technical. Two of my favourites are simply to scroll the page up and down and resize the window. Watching as the browser tries to redraw the page can tell you a lot about how well that page is performing. A page that's just raw text and images will scroll and resize more smoothly than the same text and images that's been intricately styled.
Of course, I'm not suggesting that you should remove all styles from your pages. That's would be silly and, quite frankly, ugly.
Let's assume we've built a page, moved it around a bit and decided that we think it could perform better. The first thing we should do in that situation is try to discern where the performance issue is. To that end there are three tools that I like to use.
The first is a javascript bookmarklet by Andy Edinborough called “CSS Stress Test”. This little bookmarklet does a combination of scripted scrolling and sequentially disabling each CSS rule in turn to give you a list of the top offenders. When it's completed it displays a table of the rules that, when disabled, saved you the most amount of time. It also tells you how many items that rule was applied to. Using this data you can modify your styles so they work better, or simply remove them completely if they're unnecessary .
The second tool resides directly in the WebKit developer tools. For those of you who use Chrome (it's not in Safari just yet) you can click the Profile tab of the Web Inspector and record CSS events. Once you stop recording it presents you with information about the selectors that were called in your CSS and how much time it took to parse them (a percentage of the total).
Another related feature in Chrome's web inspector is the Timeline tab. It allows you to record events as you interact with them on the page. By using it you get a breakdown of when things are recalculated, when layouts shift or when items are painted (rendered). This tool, while a little confusing, can be extremely powerful and very useful in narrowing down exactly where the performance starts to degrade.
A few quick tips on CSS performance
One thing we've always been told is that CSS rules that target an ID perform better than rules that target a class. While this is true it's only a tiny difference and usually not worth worrying about. Generally speaking, if a page is slow to resize it's likely a layout property (float, fluid width, etc.) and if it's slow to scroll it's likely an aesthetic property (such as shadows and gradients) that's slowing the page down. CSS 3 properties are some of the worst offenders when it comes to page performance. Especially animations and @font-face. Use them wisely. Javascript and Flash both have hardware acceleration support in most modern browser; CSS does not except in some implementations of WebKit and even then limited. Mobile is a thing and even the best mobile phones aren't as powerful as the best computers from a decade ago.
Putting it all into perspective
When you're testing the performance of a page it's easy to get distracted by minutia. One thing I try to keep in mind is that the human brain has a perception delay of around 80 milliseconds. That's 80 milliseconds of time which our brains view as a single moment. So focusing on a few milliseconds here or there isn't overly helpful.
Instead of obsessing over getting the best performance you can, focus on the big problems that slow things down and then move on. It's important to remember what's truly of consequence and why we're doing this in the first place: to improve the experience for our users. We are trying to give them the best website we can and how well our pages perform is only one part of a larger story.
As always web development is a collaborative process and I'd love to hear any other tips, tricks and suggestions the community has for testing and improving a website's performance. Let me (and others) know your advice in the comments below.
European Union officials are set to discuss whether to act on the bloc's threat to sanction the Polish government over its bid to exert control over national courts.
The EU last week warned the nationalist government in Warsaw against enacting new bills that would further undermine the judiciary's independence.
Polish President Andrzej Duda surprised many on Monday when they decided to veto two of the controversial bills, one of which would have reinforced political control over the Supreme Court.
Duda later signed into law a measure that allows the justice minister to hire and fire senior judges who head the common courts.
READ MORE: Poland is turning authoritarian
The ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party has vowed to press on with reforms, insisting the measures were necessary to make the judiciary more accountable.
With only one of the reforms adopted, it was not clear which steps, if any, EU First Vice President Frans Timmermans will announce on Wednesday.
Legal action
The commission, the 28-nation EU executive, last week urged Poland to put the reforms on hold and warned it would "swiftly prepare infringement procedures for breach of EU law" against Warsaw.
Under these procedures, which will be debated on Wednesday, EU states can be hauled before the bloc's highest court and eventually be handed fines for the breaches.
On top of possible infringement proceedings, the commission said it was "very close to triggering Article 7", the bloc's never-before used "nuclear option" that can halt a country's right to vote in EU decision-making.
Ultimately, officials admit that Brussels is not fully prepared for events like those in Poland.
When the EU brought in Article 7 it was more as a backstop that had little chance of being used.
For Poland to be stripped of its voting rights in the EU, it would require unanimity from the 27 states.
But Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban - whose own country has faced several legal threats from Brussels - vowed they would instantly veto any such move.
On Wednesday, the commission is likely to empower its president to launch legal cases against Poland should judges be sacked or presidential vetoes overturned.
In infringement proceedings, it does not need the backing of member states to sue an EU government at the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
If the ECJ were then to rule against Poland, Warsaw could face hefty daily financial penalties for not complying.
In 2012, the commission won a similar case against Hungary, whose government was trying to force out judges through early retirement.
Vera Jourova, EU justice commissioner, said the Polish crisis had caused a "very high level of nervosity" about whether it would "affect the whole EU system of mutual recognition of court decisions".
For example, a country that is usually required to act on arrest warrants from another EU capital may now refuse to do so if it suspects the request is politically motivated, a senior EU official told the AFP news agency.
The PiS won elections in 2015 and its plans for judicial reforms triggered mass protests across Poland.
Author's Note: I'm currently in the process of migrating old blog posts to this new system. That may mean some links, syntax highlighting, and other details are broken or missing temporarily. Sorry for the inconvenience!
It's been an embarassingly long time since my last post here. Let's do both of us a favor and skip over that, shall we?
There's been a campaign recently to push websites to use SSL. You'll notice that your browser shows you're viewing this blog post under some “https” url, and there might even be some secure lock icon, provided I've got things set up correctly and your browser provides those sorts of indications.
SSL is a good thing. The fact that your browser is using an https url means that the content you're getting definitely came from me, and not some evil person hijacking your coffee shop of choice's wifi. BUT!
The Cabal of Kinda Evil People
When you visit an http domain, you're just assuming that the content you receive came from the sender. With https, there's a certificate provided as well. My website says “hey, here's some bloggy stuff, and also, here's my ID”. Your browser then verifies that ID before showing you the content. Aaaaand if you've tried to visit this site over the past month or two…your browser has probably complained loudly.
That's because I don't get to just give myself an ID. There's a cabal of rather evil people who offer IDs that I can purchase for a hundred dollars or so a year. I could just make my own ID, but your browser will reject it. So instead, I have to appeal to companies that are already trusted by your browser, and give them money to agree that I am who I say I am. Then when your browser tries to check my ID, it'll see that the Internet Mafia vouches for me, and you get this lovely post to read.
As you may have inferred by this subheading, I'm not a fan of this structure.
The Free Internet Authentication Savior
There's a service called LetsEncrypt. They offer certificates for free, which is pretty awesome. Somehow, they managed to get enough credibility that browsers will recognize their certificates, and that's pretty great. I'm still not a fan of centralized certificate authorities, but hey, domain name resolution is centralized too, and I've only got so much complaineypants energy to go around.
Anyway, I grabbed one such certificate, and I set this site up, using Amazon Web Services. It was great. I had things caching and hosted cheaply; things were behind a delivery network so folks across the globe could read my stupid tiny blog super fast. I was very excited.
Then my ID expired.
LetsEncrypt has decided that it's a good idea to expire these IDs every three months. It was a real pain to get validated the first time with content hosted on Amazon, and once I finally managed to get LetsEncrypt to validate that I was who I said I was, get Amazon to take that certificate and put it in the right place…I forgot everything about the process.
Too Much Friction
I ended up just letting the site be dead for a while, because I didn't have the energy to bother reconfiguring things (especially given that I'd have to reconfigure again in another three months). But now I've said “To hell with Amazon”, and just thrown things up on a small little server of my own. It's not as nice and fast, but at least I can manage things decently.
But I don't like this. I don't like that we've made it incredibly difficult (and barring LetsEncrypt, which isn't newbie-friendly, expensive) to host your own content on the internet. This whole software-as-a-service thing I'm sure has made a ton of money for Wordpress and Squarespace and everybody else, but it centralizes control.
Maybe I'm whining over nothing. But it seems like every year, it becomes more and more challenging for people to do things their own way on the internet. We just keep adding more and more friction.
(Image: Spitzer/JPL)
Even stars must sometimes face a grim reminder of their own mortality. The green wisps floating through the picture above are the remnants of a massive star that exploded. Here its remains are intermingled with a giant pink cloud of dust and gas where new stars are being born.
Clusters of baby stars light up the cloud and blow bubbles in the gas with their powerful radiation. But these titanic toddlers live fast and die young. They will explode as supernovae, seeding the cosmos with their remains and perhaps triggering a new wave of star birth as shockwaves ripple through the gas cloud.
It is fitting that this image of life and death was made by combining infrared views from two NASA space telescopes, Spitzer and the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE).
Spitzer has been in operation for almost 10 years but ran out of coolant in 2009, so its capabilities are now limited. WISE was built to see longer infrared wavelengths, adding complexity to Spitzer's scenes. But here WISE is communicating from beyond the grave: it finished its mission and was shut down in 2011. Mission managers are now mining its archives for useful material.
The 2016 ESPY nominees are out!
The awards ceremony, which honors the top prizes in sports, has announced its list of nominees for the upcoming event hosted by WWE star John Cena. Coming off of recent success, the leading nominees include LeBron James and their Cleveland Cavaliers, Stephen Curry, Cam Newton and Bryce Harper among others.
Other notable nominees include WNBA Seattle Storm's Breanna Stewart, who has earned their third straight Best Female athlete nomination, and will be competing against some tough competition in WNBA MVP Elena Delle Donne, Olympic gold medalist swimmer Katie Ledecky, and upcoming Olympic gymnastics favorite, Simone Biles.
And in the Best Championship performance category, USA's soccer star Carli Lloyd is the first ever soccer player to be nominated in the category. She'll go up against NBA Finals MVP James, Pittsburgh Penguins hockey player Sidney Crosby and Super Bowl MVP Von Miller.
Additionally, ESPN has already announced that Zaevion Dobson will be honored with the Arthur Ashe Courage Award, and Craig Sager will be honored with the Jimmy V Perseverance Award.
The show will be broadcast live on ABC on Wednesday, July 13, at 8 p.m. from the Microsoft Theater in L.A.
Here is the full list of the 2016 ESPY Award nominees:
An Undark review of health statistics collected during their tenure as Georgia's public health commissioner reveals a decidedly lackluster record for Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, the Trump administration's recent pick to head up the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
An examination of actual health outcomes in Georgia before and after Fitzgerald's arrival at the state's Department of Public Health shows a mixed bag of results.
Fitzgerald held the state-level position for six years — from 2011 until their appointment this month to the Atlanta-based CDC by Tom Price, President Trump's Secretary of Health and Human Services. Like Price, Fitzgerald is a medical doctor who has worked for decades in Georgia, and their appointment has been welcomed in some circles, even winning praise from former CDC chief Tom Frieden.
Critics, meanwhile, have pointed to Fitzgerald's odd association with unscientific anti-aging medications, and dubious partnerships with the sugary drink giant Coca-Cola in state-level anti-obesity campaigns.
An examination of actual health outcomes in Georgia before and after Fitzgerald's arrival at the Department of Public Health offers a similarly mixed bag of results. During Fitzgerald's tenure as Georgia's commissioner of public health, for example, the state clearly improved on some measures, including immunization coverage for teenagers. But in a combined-outcomes assessment calculated annually for each state, Georgia's ranking dropped from 37th place in 2011 to 41st 2016.
Of course, Georgia has long lagged behind other U.S. states on the majority of more than two dozen standard measures of public health collected and analyzed annually for the America's Health Rankings report, a long-running state-by-state review of America's public health status. The report, published each year since 1990, is produced through a partnership between the UnitedHealth Foundation, part of the Minnesota-based insurance company, UnitedHealth Group, and the American Public Health Association in Washington, D.C.
In producing the rankings, staffers at the foundation and at Arundel Metrics, a Minnesota-based data analytics consultancy, compile data obtained from several U.S. agencies, as well as the World Health Organization, the American Medical Association, and Trust for America's Health, among others. The foundation releases its annual America's Health Rankings report near the end of every year, and it includes an analysis of the nation's overall health status, as well as the performance of each U.S. state on health measures ranging from the rates of adult smoking to premature deaths.
At Georgia's Department of Public Health, one of Fitzgerald's biggest challenges was shepherding the state's response to an outbreak of Ebola that started in 2014.  They are also known for their work on behalf of Georgia Shape, a program to reduce childhood obesity. However, the organization received $1 million in funding from Coca-Cola and emphasized physical activity while neglecting to mention reducing soda and sugar consumption.
Separately, they reportedly led efforts to improve childhood immunization rates, advocated for maternal and child health, reduced wait times for medications for HIV, and led efforts to discourage smoking.
A closer look at the Health Rankings report suggests that Georgia made progress on curbing obesity and improving other public health outcomes during Fitzgerald's tenure as commissioner. The state's national ranking on the prevalence of obesity went from 38th in 2011 to 31st in 2016. For immunizations among toddlers, Georgia went from 14th place to 11th place. For immunizations among adolescents, the state went from 29th place to 21st place, though the teen data were collected only from 2013 to 2016. The state's ranking on cardiovascular deaths improved from 40th place in 2011 to 36th in 2016.
At the same time, the state's ranking for smoking prevalence ended up in 2016 exactly where it started in 2011 — 27th in the nation. And the state's ranking for percent of physically inactive adults or adults with a sedentary lifestyle dropped from 31st place in 2012 to 36th in 2016.
During a lecture they gave in 2014, Fitzgerald named other public health issues that were at the forefront of their mind. They said several health stats “keep me up at night,” including the 2013 America's Health Rankings for Georgia on percent of children in poverty, infant mortality, years lost to premature deaths, percent of people who lack of health insurance, and high school graduation rate.
Within the America's Health Rankings, the state's placement for percentage of high-school graduations improved from 46th place in 2011 to 40th in 2016, but Georgia's rankings worsened for the percentage of children living in poverty (from 40th to 49th place). For infant mortality, years lost to premature deaths, and percentage of people without health insurance, Georgia ended up in 2016 exactly or almost exactly where they started — closer to the bottom of the rankings than to the top.
The CDC did not respond to a request for a comment from Fitzgerald or the agency, but J. Patrick O'Neal, now the interim commissioner of the Georgia Department of Public Health, did.
Relative state rankings on public health only provide a partial view into an administrator's performance. At the same time, Americans might have hoped for a stronger track record.
“Because of the tremendous leadership and vision of my friend and colleague Brenda Fitzgerald, the department is well-positioned to move forward in addressing the important health matters that affect the lives of Georgians,” O'Neal wrote in an email on Wednesday to Undark. “The progress we've made in Georgia around early brain development, childhood obesity and creating a model for addressing the Ebola epidemic would not have been possible without the determination and persistence of Dr. Fitzgerald.”
In fact, no one person can turn around the public health of a state or nation, says Robert Lustig, a professor of pediatrics at the University of California, San Francisco. “I wouldn't necessarily say that the fact that Georgia has done worse under Brenda Fitzgerald as commissioner is necessarily a black mark against her,” they say.
It's true that relative state rankings on public health only provide a partial view into an administrator's performance, particularly in the face of growing populations and anti-tax sentiments. Tropical weather conducive to infectious disease outbreaks can also put southern regions at a disadvantage. And relative rankings can mask absolute progress, as well as fail to reflect the effort required just to keep a region's health from worsening.
At the same time — and setting aside Fitzgerald's embrace of bogus anti-aging science — critics suggest that Americans might have hoped for a stronger track record for the nation's incoming top public health official. Many other people in the field of public health might have been better candidates for the job of CDC chief, Lustig said — particularly given their very limited research record and their past relationship with Atlanta-based Coca-Cola.
“The question is, ‘Is that a disqualifier for them being CDC director?'” Lustig asked. “In my view, the answer to that is absolutely, emphatically, yes.”
Robin Lloyd is the former news editor for Scientific American, and they write frequently for Undark's Cross-Sections blog.
Vladimir Putin congratulated the leaders of Azerbaijan, Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Abkhazia, South Ossetia and citizens of Georgia and Ukraine on the 71 st anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War.
The congratulatory message by the President of Russia highlights, in particular, that the Victory Day is a sacred holiday, the one that will always symbolise heroism and unity of those nations who rose up to fight for their fatherland and saved the world from fascism.
Vladimir Putin stressed that general history must not be revised and tragic mistakes of the past must not be repeated. Our common duty is to carefully cherish the memory of those who died in the Great Patriotic War and render all possible care to the veterans who are still with us.
The Russian President expressed confidence that during joint struggles the ties of friendship and brotherhood will go on serving as a basis for the subsequent improvement of inter-state relations and will promote the development of integration processes in the Eurasian space.
Vladimir Putin expressed their sincere gratitude to all war veterans and home-front workers, wished them good health and longevity.
By Mark Huizenga
In their recent column, Ken Braun repeats several myths and distortions about renewable energy that we as conservatives have heard too many times. As a free market conservative, I believe it is important to set the record straight on three key points: • The market for electricity is not a competitive, free market. The state's two largest utilities have a monopoly on electricity distribution. In fact, the utilities went to the legislature in 2008 and asked to be regulated in order to establish their monopoly status. • Coal, oil and gas have been the largest beneficiaries of subsidies and incentives. Another topic that's often muddled in misconceptions is energy subsidies and who gets them. The truth is ALL forms of energy are subsidized. The federal government has employed a variety of incentives to support research, development and deployment of energy sources for decades. Oil, gas and coal have been the largest beneficiaries by far, receiving 70% of all incentives since 1950. Incentives for renewable energy sources, including wind, solar, hydro and geothermal, account for only 9% of the total federal energy incentive spending. On top of that, the state of Michigan also subsidizes coal generation, providing tax exemptions to coal-fired power plants on an annual basis. • Wind-generated electricity is cheaper than all other forms of energy. Even with huge subsidies from the state and federal government, what we're seeing is that coal just can't compete. Over the last 5 years, wind has become globally competitive because of huge advances in technology. Just like flat screen TVs and computers, new technology has driven down the costs of producing and using renewable energy. According to filings by the utility companies, recent wind contracts are coming in at just $43 per megawatt/hour, which is less than half the cost of coal and nuclear. What's even better is that much of the research and development of these cost-saving, cutting-edge technologies is being done right here in Michigan by our manufacturers, engineers and scientists. Transitioning to clean, renewable energy is putting people back to work and allows us to retool and reopen our factories. The new digester in Fremont and another being built in Lowell are perfect examples of renewable energy innovations that are creating jobs right here in Michigan. In their recent energy announcement, Governor Rick Snyder called for a transition from coal to clean renewable energy sources. Independent research shows that we can get at least 30% of our energy from renewable sources, like wind and solar, by 2035. It's important to remember, Governor Snyder is a business person who uses numbers and facts to guide their decisions. As conservatives, we need to do the same, which is why Ken Braun's column is so unfortunate. It's time to dispel the myths and end the distortions. It's time for conservatives to lead on the issue of renewable energy.
Mark Huizenga is the Mayor of Walker, owner of Mark Huizenga Systems Consulting, LLC and serves on the leadership council of the Michigan Conservative Energy Forum.
(CNN) San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz said Friday the death toll from hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico is actually hundreds higher than official government counts.
"It appears that for whatever reason the death toll is much higher than what has been reported," Yulín Cruz said during an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead."
The official death toll stands at 55, according to a statement released to CNN by the government of Puerto Rico, but the number of dead may be almost as high as 500, Yulín Cruz said when asked specifically about the death count.
Many hurricane victims haven't been included in that number due to their causes of death not being properly recorded or "being cataloged as dying of natural deaths," Yulín Cruz said.
"When they were, for example, hooked to a respirator, there's no power, the small generator that they had that gives up, and of course, they die of natural causes, but they are related to a lack of electricity," they said.
Read More
They're flexible, cheap to produce and simple to make – which is why perovskites are the hottest new material in solar cell design. And now, UNSW engineers have smashed the world efficiency record.
They're flexible, cheap to produce and simple to make – which is why perovskites are the hottest new material in solar cell design. And now, engineers at UNSW in Sydney have smashed the trendy new compound's world efficiency record.
Speaking at the Asia-Pacific Solar Research Conference in Canberra on Friday, Anita Ho-Baillie, a Senior Research Fellow at the Australian Centre for Advanced Photovoltaics (ACAP), announced that their team at UNSW has achieved the highest efficiency rating with the largest perovskite solar cells to date.
The 12.1% efficiency rating was for a 16 cm2 perovskite solar cell, the largest single perovskite photovoltaic cell certified with the highest energy conversion efficiency, and was independently confirmed by the international testing centre Newport Corp, in Bozeman, Montana. The new cell is at least 10 times bigger than the current certified high-efficiency perovskite solar cells on record.
Them team has also achieved an 18% efficiency rating on a 1.2 cm2 single perovskite cell, and an 11.5% for a 16 cm2 four-cell perovskite mini-module, both independently certified by Newport.
“This is a very hot area of research, with many teams competing to advance photovoltaic design,” said Ho-Baillie. “Perovskites came out of nowhere in 2009, with an efficiency rating of 3.8%, and have since grown in leaps and bounds. These results place UNSW among the best groups in the world producing state-of-the-art high performance perovskite solar cells. And I think we can get to 24% within a year or so.”
Perovskite is a structured compound, where a hybrid organic-inorganic lead or tin halide-based material acts as the light-harvesting active layer. They are the fastest-advancing solar technology to date, and are attractive because the compound is cheap to produce and simple to manufacture, and can even be sprayed onto surfaces.
Dr Anita Ho-Baillie (first row, lower left) and their 12-person perovskite research team at UNSW's Australian Centre for Advanced Photovoltaics.
“The versatility of solution deposition of perovskite makes it possible to spray-coat, print or paint on solar cells,” said Ho-Baillie. “The diversity of chemical compositions also allows cells be transparent, or made of different colours. Imagine being able to cover every surface of buildings, devices and cars with solar cells.”
Most of the world's commercial solar cells are made from a refined, highly purified silicon crystal and, like the most efficient commercial silicon cells (known as PERC cells and invented at UNSW), need to be baked above 800˚C in multi high-temperature nature steps. Perovskites, on the other hand, are made at low temperatures and 200 times thinner than silicon cells.
But although perovskites hold much promise for cost-effective solar energy, they are currently prone to fluctuating temperatures and moisture, making them last only a few months without protection. Along with every other team in the world, Ho-Baillie's is trying to extend its durability. Thanks to what engineers learned from more than 40 years of work with layered silicon, they're are confident they can extend this.
Nevertheless, there are many existing applications where even disposable low-cost, high-efficiency solar cells could be attractive, such as use in disaster response, device charging and lighting in electricity-poor regions of the world. Perovskite solar cells also have the highest power to weight ratio amongst viabale photovoltaic technologies.
“We will capitalise on the advantages of perovskites and continue to tackle issues important for commercialisation, like scaling to larger areas and improving cell durability,” said Martin Green, Director of the ACAP and Ho-Baillie's mentor. The project's goal is to lift perovskite solar cell efficiency to 26%.
Professor Martin Green, Director of the Australian Centre for Advanced Photovoltaics at UNSW.
The research is part of a collaboration backed by $3.6 million in funding through the Australian Renewable Energy Agency's (ARENA) ‘solar excellence' initiative. ARENA CEO Ivor Frischknecht said the achievement demonstrated the importance of supporting early stage renewable energy technologies: “In the future, this world-leading R&D could deliver efficiency wins for households and businesses through rooftop solar as well as for big solar projects like those being advanced through ARENA's investment in large-scale solar.””
To make a perovskite solar cells, engineers grow crystals into a structure known as ‘perovskite', named after Lev Perovski, the Russian mineralogist who discovered it. They first dissolve a selection of compounds in a liquid to make the ‘ink', then deposit this on a specialised glass which can conduct electricity. When the ink dries, it leaves behind a thin film that crystallises on top of the glass when mild heat is applied, resulting in a thin layer of perovskite crystals.
The tricky part is growing a thin film of perovskite crystals so the resulting solar cell absorbs a maximum amount of light. Worldwide, engineers are working to create smooth and regular layers of perovskite with large crystal grain sizes in order to increase photovoltaic yields.
Ho-Baillie, who obtained their PhD at UNSW in 2004, is a former chief engineer for Solar Sailor, an Australian company which integrates solar cells into purpose-designed commercial marine ferries which currently ply waterways in Sydney, Shanghai and Hong Kong.
The Australian Centre for Advanced Photovoltaics is a national research collaboration based at UNSW, whose partners are the University of Queensland, Monash University, the Australian National University, the University of Melbourne and the CSIRO Manufacturing Flagship. The collaboration is funded by an annual grant from ARENA, and partners include Arizona State University, Suntech Power and Trina Solar.
HEBRON (Ma'an) -- Israeli bulldozers early Tuesday demolished a Palestinian home in the Hebron town of Idhna, a local official said.
Idhna mayor Hashim Tmeizi told Ma'an that bulldozers escorted by Israeli forces arrived in the Khirbet al-Ras neighborhood of the village and demolished a two-story house.
The residence, which belonged to Muhammad Hussein Farajallah, measured 200 square meters and housed a family of six.
A spokesperson for Israel's civil administration told Ma'an the house was constructed "illegally," without responding to requests for further details.
Israel rarely grants construction permits to Palestinians in the West Bank, and regularly demolishes structures built without permits.
In May, the EU missions in Jerusalem and Ramallah urged Israel to halt home demolitions in Area C of the West Bank, describing such actions as "forced transfer of population and demolitions of Palestinian housing and infrastructure."
Israel has demolished 248 Palestinian structures and displaced 492 people so far in 2014, according to the Israeli Committee Against House Demolitions.
Some 27,000 Palestinian homes and structures have been demolished by Israel since it occupied the West Bank in 1967.
But enough of summer silly-season stories. Justin Trudeau's biggest problem isn't that they have spent August wearing only half their clothes. It's that Canada has spent 2016 wearing only half its economic growth. Fixing the latter challenge will be way harder than throwing on a shirt.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau's budget next February or March will lay out the details of Phase Two of the government's infrastructure plan, dozens of billions of dollars in new money for high-profile city-building projects, big new transit projects, and the like, writes Paul Wells. ( Justin Tang / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
The other day I caught up with a Liberal who's involved, as many of them already are, in preparing next spring's federal budget. It's supposed to be the fun one, as Paul Martin's deficit-busting second budget in 1995 was. New governments' first budgets are normally delivered in a hurry, within only a few months after an election, by rookies unsure of their roles, offering only tweaks to the previous government's assumptions and work habits. If there's anything new, it's obligatory stuff, the transformation of a few key election promises into a spending plan. It's with its second budget that a government can begin to etch its philosophy, if it has one, into the history books. Finance Minister Bill Morneau's budget next February or March will lay out the details of Phase Two of the government's infrastructure plan, dozens of billions of dollars in new money for high-profile city-building projects, big new transit projects, and the like. Other measures should describe the transition to a lower-carbon, higher-innovation economy. All of this is what the Liberals tell one another they were elected to do. So why was my acquaintance so glum?
Article Continued Below
In a word — well, two — low growth. “We say that everything we do, taken together, will add a point to GDP growth,” this person said. “Well, first, we'll see whether we can do that. But second, it depends on what level of growth we're given by the global economy. If we add a point to GDP growth, it doesn't help all that much if that means growth goes from 1 per cent to 2 per cent.” Indeed. When the Liberals wrote their election platform in the spring of 2015, the Bank of Canada was projecting 2.5 per cent real GDP growth for 2016. By last October, when they won, the bank had cut the growth projection to 2 per cent. Last month the Bank released its latest growth projection for the year, now down to 1.3 per cent. Growth is still supposed to rebound, modestly, next year. But then, it was supposed to rebound this year, right up until we were actually in this year. Compare and contrast. For four wild years at the end of the 1990s, from 1997 to 2000, GDP growth soared between 4 and 5 per cent. Those were the days when Jean Chrétien and Martin launched the Canada Foundation for Innovation and the Vancouver Agreement, cut income taxes by an amount comparable to Stephen Harper's later GST cut, and still managed to sharply increase cash transfers to the provinces after cutting them earlier.
Those heady achievements were fuelled by collapsing interest rates, the first Internet tech boom, and the happy coincidence that Ontario was tucked into the middle of the United States during a rampaging economic recovery. None of those circumstances is matched by current events. Interest rates aren't going much lower. There's a growing sense that information technology has pretty much coughed up all the productivity gains it could have offered. And while Hillary Clinton's election seems likelier every day, they have no magic plan to boost growth in Canada's largest export market.
Article Continued Below
There is only so much any Canadian government can do to influence the country's economy. As we saw in the late 1990s when times were good, and again a decade later when the banking crisis tanked Canada's economy, we are mostly captive to world trends. The International Monetary Fund is chuffed that Trudeau wants to borrow big to invest in infrastructure at low interest rates, but that's not a formula most of the developed world can copy: their debt load is higher, their room to manoeuvre correspondingly limited. Sharply limited growth would put a low ceiling on all the Trudeau government's aspirations. It would amount to the thwarting of a huge political bet. “Budget 2016 focuses on growth, not austerity,” Morneau's first budget document said in March. I'll say: the word “growth” appeared 290 times in that document, more than once per page. In two weeks Trudeau's cabinet will travel to northern Ontario for the third in a series of quarterly retreats. The first two were relaxed, upbeat, focused on professional development for a crew of mostly rookie cabinet ministers. This one will have more of an edge. The boss plainly took care to ensure they enjoyed their summer. Here's hoping the rest of them did, too. Recess is over.
Read more about:
RFA Diligence for sale – another stealth cut to the Navy
The was no official announcement but the RN has just lost another important capability. RFA Diligence is a forward repair ship able to provide specialist engineering support to ships and submarines alongside in overseas ports or even at sea. Diligence has been inactive in Birkenhead for over a year and the MoD has just put them up for sale.
RFAs do not conduct a formal decommissioning ceremony like HM ships so it was easy for the MoD to quietly decide to dispose of them Even after the SDSR of 2015 the MoD was giving RFA Diligence's out of service date as 2020 but a deadly combination of lack of money and manpower appear to have brought a premature end to their career. At the time of writing they remain optimistically listed as active on the Royal Navy website.
Diligence is the perfect name for an odd-looking ship, an unsung hero diligently performing vital support work almost unnoticed. Built in 1981 as an oil rig support vessel Stena Inspector, they were a Ship Taken Up From Trade (STUFT) and sent to the South Atlantic to act as floating repair vessel during the Falklands war. It proved to be a very wise decision with so many ships sustaining damage during air attacks. The engineers aboard worked round the clock performing miracles of improvisation in their floating workshop, patching up ships to rejoin the fight or making them seaworthy enough for the long journey home. Appreciating their great value the MoD purchased the ship after the war, renaming their Diligence and they have served for 33 years all over the globe. They were often overseas for up to 5 years at a time with their civilian crew and naval party being rotated at 4-6 month intervals. They have provided aid to many stricken naval vessels over the years but in recent times most of their work has been supporting submarines deployed East of Suez.
Selling a 35-year-old vessel would not be worthy of much comment if there was a credible plan to replace them but there was no commitment in SDSR 2015, only vague promises to keep “looking at the options”.
Diligence is still in very good condition having had major life-extension in 2007, a complete new sewage plant in 2014 and a general refit at Cammel Lairds as recently as March 2015. There is no material reason they should not keep serving until 2020.
There are 4 Trafalgar class submarines still in service, the last of which will not decommission until 2022. Assuming they will continue to be sent East of Suez, these vessels will need greater engineering support as they age. They will have to make do without their specialist facilities and rely on what is available in various Gulf ports. The RN is building a new permanent support base in Bahrain which could be an excuse as to why we can do without a forward repair ship. Doubtless the new facilities in Bahrain will provide great service to vessels in the Gulf region. However a repair ship can be sent anywhere in the world in response to unpredictable events. Diligence had a dynamic positioning system that allowed them to come safely alongside and raft up with ships in conditions up to sea state 3. During the Falklands War they were able to conducted major repairs in the open ocean, an option that is now gone.
The recession in the oil industry has given rise to a global surplus of offshore support ships available on the second-hand market. A modern equivalent to Diligence could probably be obtained for less than £30M. It would require some conversion work but for a budget of around £50M the MoD could replace this ship. Of course the bigger challenge at present would be finding the crew and engineering staff.
The loss of Diligence in itself not catastrophic, just another instance of salami-slicing, death by a thousand small cuts in the hope that it goes almost unnoticed. This ship was a genuine force-multiplier that allowed vessels with damage or defects to quickly return to action without long passage home for repair. When your fleet is already too small, removing a relatively cheap capability that can maximise your assets is simply foolish.
Main image: RFA Diligence (axed 2016) prepares to raft up with HMS Cornwall (axed 2011).
Related articles
Ha ha, no, of course not.
Yahoo is a notorious repeat offender. Yahoo is the reason the “if you're not paying money for a service, then you're not a customer, you're the product.” saying exists.
Here is some fully general advice: If you're the user of a free-to-use website, and you learn that it's being bought by a large company, then this is always, and forever, bad news. If it's not an acquihire, then it's something worse. You're not a customer, you're the product.
If we're lucky, this will be a Livejournal-style buyout, where the site just gradually disintegrates over the course of several years. If we're unlucky, then it'll be a Posterous-style buyout, and Tumblr will be shut down when Yahoo goes bankrupt in six months. It is vanishingly unlikely that being owned by Yahoo will benefit Tumblr users at all.
Predictions:
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is officially in service. All Nippon Airways carried its first load of paying passengers on a special flight from Tokyo to Hong Kong on Wednesday. There was plenty of pomp and circumstance surrounding the flight, and the passengers — including some who paid many thousands of dollars to be on the first flight — were all enthusiastic about flying on the composite airliner. As much fun as it might be to ride in the back of the new Dreamliner, we thought it would be more fun to look up front for a detailed look at where the pilots sit. So here is the tour of the newest airline cockpit around. The photos were taken in one of the two 787 Dreamliners delivered to All Nippon Airways this month. The Japanese airline expects to have seven by the end of the year. Everything in the cockpit seen above is part of the normal 787 airplanes except the small panel on top of the glare shield which is used during flight testing.
Like all Boeing airliners, a yoke is front and center for both the captain in left seat and the first officer in right seat. The control column contrasts to Airbus which uses a small side stick located on the left armrest for the captain and right armrest for the first officer. One of the big goals in developing the 787 from the perspective of the pilots was to create a familiar cockpit for those who currently fly Boeing airplanes. An airline pilot flying the 777 can be transitioned to the 787 in just a few days. The two large switches on the top of the left side of the yoke are the horizontal stabilizer trim switches. Pushing the buttons up or down causes the horizontal part of the tail to be changed in very small increments and is used during climb and descent to reduce the force needed on the control column. Other buttons include the autopilot disconnect and a push-to-talk button used to communicate on the radio.
The center console between the pilots is dominated by the power levers near the top of the photo. The two white, round handles are at the top of the levers that control the power of the engines. Though with autothrottles, it is possible to perform most of the flight without actually physically moving the levers. Just in front of the power levers are the thrust reverse levers that are used to help slow down the 787 after landing by redirecting the thrust out the back of the engines forward. To the left of the levers is another large handle for the speed brakes, also used during descent and landing. Most of the buttons and screens on the center panel are related to navigation and communication. The large glass panel display in front of the power levers can be used to display just about anything related to the flight — as can the other four large displays — but the center display is most often going to have systems information and communication information displayed. The smaller screens display radio frequencies or satellite phone information or text messages. Most of the buttons are related to programming the communication inputs or simply choosing the communication or navigation information.
Other important items located with the power levers include the flap lever on the right (usually controlled by the first officer), fuel switches in the center and the stabilizer cutout switches on the left. The flap lever controls the large movable surfaces on the inboard trailing edge of the wings. The flaps are moved part way down before takeoff to add to the lift generated by the wing, and partially to all the way down (30 degrees at 170 knots or slower) during landing to add drag and help slow the down airplane. When the first officer moves this lever, passengers often hear the sound of an electric motor as the flaps are lowered on the wing. The large fuel control switches located in the middle are used when an engine must be shut down after a flight is over or during an in-flight emergency. This might occur if there is a fire or if an engine is malfunctioning and the captain wants to prevent any further damage. The switch is pulled out and simply moved to the cutoff position and the engine is shut down as we discovered during our visit to the 787 simulator. The switches on the left protected by the red guards cut the trim power to the horizontal stabilizers. This is typically only used during a 'runaway trim' situation. Normally when the pilot moves the trim switches on the yoke, it is only done in small increments. If the switch or some part of the trim system were to fail, the stabilizer could continue moving without the pilot input. This could be particularly dangerous during take off and lead to the airplane entering a very steep climb and most likely an even more steep descent would follow. If the pilots detect a runaway trim situation they simply lift the red guards and flip the switch(es) from normal to cutout and the stabilizer will be disconnected from the trim power source.
In addition to the numerous buttons that can be used to input information into the glass panel display, pilots also have a track pad to navigate the screen.
A closer look at the power levers in charge of the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines on the ANA 787.
At the bottom of the photo, which shows the area to the left of the left seat, is a small storage area with a simple clip to hold paper on top of the access door. A small side table can also be unfolded. The black, triangle-shaped handle is the tiller which is used to steer the airplane on the ground at slower speeds. Most smaller airplanes are steered on the ground using rudder pedals, but larger jets typically have a tiller that is used until takeoff. The screen next to the tiller is the display for the electronic flight bag that displays charts and information such as takeoff weights and speeds.
The 787 comes standard with dual heads up displays. Here the HUD is seen in the stowed position. When the HUD is used it is moved down and is in the pilot's line of vision. All of the important flight information is projected on the glass screen and pilots can read the information while continuing to look outside the cockpit.
This photo taken from the floor, looking straight up to the overhead panel, shows both HUDs and the myriad of switches and knobs on the overhead panel. Switches lower — toward the front of the cockpit — include controls for the lights, alerts for passengers ('ding,' please fasten seatbelts) and even the windshield wipers. Toward the middle and back of the overhead panel the switches and buttons control everything from electrical, hydraulic and fuel systems, as well as cargo and passenger cabin temperatures and even the on/off switch for the primary flight computers. At the bottom of the picture is a simple, old-fashioned, liquid-filled compass.
Icing is always a big problem for airplanes. Ice on the wings, engines or sensors has caused many accidents over the years. These switches can get frequent use any time a 787 flies through the clouds.
The 787 Dreamliner has been touted as one of the most technologically advanced airplanes ever made. But when it comes time to get out of the cockpit in an emergency, it might simply come down to putting on the gloves and breaking your way out with the axe. The axe and fire extinguisher are located directly behind the left seat, in case you've been called to the cockpit to land the airplane and want to know.
Another rather simple part of the cockpit of the 787 is the rudder pedals. Not a whole lot of fancy technology here. Just simple pedals. Though they are connected to the fly-by-wire system so your feet are really just telling the computer that you would like to move the rudder.
The autopilot controls are located on the glare shield panel above the glass panel displays. The knob in the middle selects which system will be active for input from the pilot. The 'A/T' switches are for arming the autothrottles, the 'F/D' for the flight director and the small display shows the pilot has selected a speed of 136 knots (indicated air speed).
More of the autopilot control panel and proof that even test pilots need a simple reminder of what airplane they are flying when talking on the radio. These photos were taken when this ANA 787 was still undergoing production flight tests last month.
The primary flight display in front of the pilot shows relevant information needed during flight including airspeed (on the left, displaying 30 knots), altitude (on the right, displaying 420 feet), and an artificial horizon that helps the pilot keep the airplane level when there is no outside reference to the actual horizon. In this particular presentation there is also navigation information being displayed beneath the primary instruments as well as on the other display on the right. And yes, the most advanced airliner in the world does come with a cup holder.
Like every aircraft operating in the United States, this 787 has an airworthiness certificate visible in the cockpit. In this case, it is a special airworthiness certificate issued to Boeing for production flight testing of the new airplane before delivery was made to ANA.
That rider would later be identified as Ethan Wong.
Their death left their family “broken,” according to a lawyer representing them. It also jolted a community and galvanized a strong push to make the streets safer to bike and walk.
"It was really an inflection point," said Larry Dean of Walk-Bike Cupertino. "The parent community, especially, was incredibly alarmed, concerned and distraught."
Nearly a year after Wong's death, Cupertino has made some progress on its streets, according to safe streets advocates and city officials. But a wrongful death suit filed by Wong's parents Aug. 27 in Santa Clara County Superior Court alleges that public agencies failed to warn of dangerous street conditions and "caused a trap for students attempting to ride bicycles.”
The suit by the Wongs names the driver, Manvinder Sandhu, of Tracy; their company, Moonlight Express; four companies that "owned and maintained the truck and instructed truck drivers in the use and operation of the truck at issue;" the city of Cupertino; and Santa Clara County.
The crash at 8:18 a.m. on Oct. 27 occurred in a neighborhood with five schools, including De Anza College, where Sandhu was headed to deliver gravel, and Monta Vista, where Wong was a sophomore.
A spokesperson for the Santa Clara County coroner said Wong, who was wearing a helmet, died of cranial cerebral injuries, or head trauma, due to a "bike accident" with "unclear circumstances."
No Charges
After reviewing the case, including video surveillance, prosecutors said they were unable to determine fault in the fatal collision, and declined to file vehicular manslaughter charges against Sandhu.
"We decided that there just wasn't sufficient evidence to determine the driver was at fault, and that this was anything more than a tragic accident," said Assistant District Attorney Brian Welch, who added that Sandhu was not cited for any traffic violations.
The lawsuit alleges that the 44-year-old driver made several cellphone calls while driving and was "engaged in a telephone conversation" during the crash. The Wongs' attorneys, Anthony Label and Steven Kronenberg of the Veen Firm, say that information was contained in the police report, which indicated Sandhu was using a hands-free device, which is legal under California's cellphone law.
The suit also claims Sandhu violated California's Three Feet for Safety Act. That law, which went in effect a month before the crash, requires drivers to maintain a safe distance of at least 3 feet when passing a bicyclist. If street conditions don't allow enough safe space, the law requires drivers to slow “to a speed that is reasonable and prudent," and only pass when it is safe to do so.
The Wongs' attorneys believe it may be one of the first lawsuits in California to claim a violation of the 3-feet law in a wrongful death case.
A woman who answered the phone at a number believed to be Sandhu's residence said they aren't available to comment. Attempts to reach Sandhu at their business were also not successful. A Mercury News report quoted a Sheriff's Department spokesperson who described Sandhu on the day of the collision as “shocked that they were involved in an accident” and cooperative with investigators.
Truck Regulations
Update: Teen killed by big rig in Cupertino was a Monta Vista High School student. http://t.co/sic5MpFU6d pic.twitter.com/r56dmJkXlF — Mercury News (@mercnews) October 27, 2014
Sandhu had to be flagged down by witnesses, and reportedly said they never saw Wong, who was riding westbound in the McClellan Road bike lane, which narrows before the railroad tracks, according to the Wongs attorneys.
The driver told sheriff's investigators their GPS system directed them to travel onto McClellan Road, which is not a designated truck route. However, the city's truck route restrictions make exceptions if another route is the most direct to a destination. The suit claims Sandhu's route was not the most direct, and that the driver should have taken Stevens Creek Boulevard, the most direct route that is also designated for truck traffic.
Had signs been in place that said “no trucks” allowed, and if the city had done something about the dangerous conditions, the crash could have been prevented, the suit argues.
"McClellan Road where the collision occurred was and continues to be an inadequate, unsafe, and dangerous trap for both bicycles and motor vehicles," the suit reads. "Long before Ethan Wong was killed, the city of Cupertino ... could have warned of or repaired these dangerous conditions at low cost."
The suit alleges the city ignored an ordinance passed in 1977 that requires signs to be posted warning drivers with large trucks that weigh 3 tons or more that truck travel is allowed only on designated truck routes.
In the wake of Wong's death, the Cupertino City Council strengthened the ordinance in March to restrict truck travel near schools between the hours of 7:30 and 9:30 a.m. However, as recently as a few weeks ago, the signs had not gone up, which means the ordinance can't be enforced, Cupertino public works director Timm Borden said in a recent interview. They did not say why the signs haven't been posted, and city officials would not comment on when the signs might go up.
The city also approved a pilot program that required garbage and recycling pickup at 6 a.m. in certain neighborhoods to prevent bins from obstructing bike lanes. The hope was that residents would retrieve the bins earlier “to increase safety on our streets for pedestrians and cyclists." The pilot ended in June, but on Tuesday the City Council will consider making the early pickup permanent.
Borden would not comment on the lawsuit. A spokesperson for the Cupertino city attorney also declined comment, saying the suit has not been reviewed.
A 'Broken' Family
Ethan Wong loved to tell jokes but was also quiet and shy, their father wrote in an email. Anthony Label, the family's attorney, said Ronald Wong and their wife, Athena, were too distraught to do an interview. They described their family as "broken." Ethan was especially close to their mom, Wong wrote, and even though going off to college was still a few years away, they had already fretted about leaving them
A pianist who completed advanced classes at 14, Ethan loved to play Beethoven and pop. They had taken a recent interest in running and cross country and was active in the Boy Scouts. They had been working toward becoming an Eagle Scout and was planning their last outdoor adventure requirement, a trip they never got to take. Their father and their only sibling, 12-year-old Gavin, plan to take it in Ethan's honor.
The morning they died, they ate a Swiss cake they liked. A presentation he'd be doing the following week -- tied to a book about Julius Caesar they were reading for their English class -- had been on their mind for days.
"We heard them practicing in their room often the week before and during the weekend," wrote Ronald Wong.
Label said the Wongs described the teen as a “safe and cautious” bicyclist, who taught their younger brother “to be careful when riding their bike around town.” The whole family would sometimes go on rides together.
“Ethan Wong was an amazing and talented young boy who was doing nothing more than riding their bike to school that morning,” said Label. “Many people failed Ethan that day, and on behalf of their family, we intend to make sure that everyone who failed them is held responsible.”
Wong's death left many parents and students in the tight-knit community shaken, said April Scott, principal of Monta Vista High School. Thousands of students at other schools wore purple and yellow, Monta Vista's official colors, in Wong's memory and hundreds of students attended a memorial.
“His death certainly was an emotional time for all of us,” said Scott. “As a community you just immediately project, ‘This could have been my child, this could have been my neighbor.' ”
The bike racks at Monta Vista High are often full, Scott said. About 400 of the school's 2,450 students ride their bikes to school daily while hundreds walk. The school district's facilities coordinator says he's gotten requests for more bike racks at other schools.
Safe Streets
Cupertino, the home of Apple headquarters, is a quiet suburb of mostly single-family homes with a population of 60,000. City officials say there has been a “steady increase” in bicycling,” due in part to Apple's encouragement, and new infrastructure that has gone in. The city encourages students to bike to school.
After Wong's death and a community meeting that drew 400 people with more than 200 ideas to improve safety, the city hired its first Safe Routes to Schools coordinator, said Borden, the public works director.
"It was definitely a tragedy, but the good that comes out of it is, it has lit a fire to get some of these things done that we wanted to do for long time," said Borden.
In the last year public works crews have painted a number of bike lanes green, and added buffers along bike lanes near some schools, filled in gaps in the bike network and other improvements. In March, the city updated its bike plan and is now working on a long-term strategy that could include protected bike lanes.
"While we're a long ways away from a leader community, I would say that we're catching up quickly, and making some very good, quick progress," said Borden.
Larry Dean of Walk-Bike Cupertino agrees the city has been making progress, but they still can't describe the streets as safe and friendly.
"It basically hasn't been safe to ride, or a lot of times, to walk in the community,” said Dean, who founded the safe streets organization after witnessing the aftermath of another collision involving a young bike rider.
In the last two years, there have been 46 collisions in Cupertino involving bicyclists, including the crash that killed Wong, according to Borden. Thirty-three resulted in injuries. During the same period, 27 pedestrians were hurt in crashes.
City officials and safe streets advocates say communication among the schools and city agencies has dramatically improved. The city has also been working with safe streets advocates, including the Silicon Valley Bike Coalition, to increase bike safety education.
With new developments in the city, including Apple's headquarters expansion, there is a growing demand for a bicycle-and-pedestrian-friendly environment, said Dean.
“I think there's a great deal of room for optimism going forward, as long as the community and the city executes on all of these initiatives,” said Dean.
For Ronald and Athena Wong, their hope now is to prevent another fatal collision like the one that killed their son.
“They really want two things," said Label. "They want to know who is responsible for their son's death, and they want to help make sure this never happens to another family.”
According to Ethan‘s father, their parents didn't get a chance to talk to them on the morning that they died.
The last time they saw them was the night before, around 11 p.m., when they came to their room, gave a hug and kiss to their mother, and said, "Good night. I love you."
Athena Wong told their son: "Good night. I love you, too."
Edited by David Weir, Patricia Yollin and Dan Brekke.
“Sarah used to say, 'Who would want to be called Buffy for their whole life?'” says Joss Whedon. "'What kind of name is that?'”
Nowadays, Sarah Michelle Gellar's chair on the set of their new CW series, “Ringer,” says “Shivette.” That name is shorthand for the characters Gellar plays in the thriller, which premieres next Tuesday: Bridget, an ex-stripper on the run, and Siobahn, Bridget's socialite twin sister, who's in so much trouble she's prepared to let Siobahn step into their own shoes.
"The joke is that I'm playing five characters," Gellar explains. "I play Siobahn and Bridget present day, both women in flashback, and then 'Shivette,' which is when Bridget is pretending to be Siobahn."
Taking on two (or five?) starring roles and executive-producing a prime-time show doesn't exactly square with the new mom's professed desire to make their work life more manageable than it was back in those all-consuming “Buffy the Vampire Slayer" days. “It's a lot when you're 18 years old, and the hours were so brutal on that show.”
Producing “Ringer” was crucial to their returning to series TV. "The good thing about this show is ... we're not shooting at night. No graveyards. I'm telling you, you learn these things. Playing rich characters? Better clothing! ... Although Buffy had some great costumes and Cynthia Bergstrom from ‘Buffy' is doing my costumes here, and David and Todd who did my makeup on ‘Buffy' are doing it here,” they say. “It's an extended support system.”
Whedon, speaking by phone while shooting the "Avengers" movie, said that even as a teenager, Gellar was “enormously ambitious and focused. They always had their circle of people around them and the rest was the work.”
Dwane Casey has heard it already, and they know that over the course of the next year, they will hear it dozens times more.
 They are in the final year of their contract as coach of the Raptors, a team that brought in a new general manager, Masai Ujiri. Their two-year mark with Toronto (57-91) is unimpressive, leaving open the possibility that, in a time in which owners are changing coaches as often as socks, Casey could be next up on the firing line.
MORE: Hawks in enviable space | LeBron's three best of all time | Kobe at Drew League
At this, Casey shrugs.
“Everyone's on a year-to-year contract,” Casey told Sporting News from their home in Seattle. “I don't care who you are, we all are. I am going to coach the same as if I had a 10-year contract or a one-year contract. I can't get caught up in that. … The good thing about it is, I have a good relationship with Masai.  They are originally from Seattle, they went to high school there. So I have known them for a long time. In the end, I am going to be judged by how we improve. I am not going to spend a waking moment worrying about my contract.”
Casey, of course, would like an extension. To earn that, they will probably need to get Toronto into the playoffs, and a scan of the Raptors' roster compared with the rest of the East shows that's entirely possible. But Casey is going to need luck and drastic improvement from three prominent wing players to get there.
In fact, a closer look at last year shows that the Raptors were not all that bad once they got through the first quarter of last season. Casey said that was because the team had a hard time finding its identity early on. In Casey's first year, the team had gone from 30th in defensive efficiency to 14th, but in doing so, had seen the offense plummet to 29th in efficiency.
As a response, the Raptors tried to play more up-tempo, tried to run at every opportunity, even though they really didn't have the personnel to accomplish it. They went 4-19 to start the year. That's when Casey reeled in the Raptors system, and slowed things down.
“We can't run on makes and misses, that is not us,” Casey said. “That's what we tried to do early in the year and we went 4-19. I said, ‘Look, we have got to find the right pace.' We can run on turnovers, we can run on steals, but after that, let's get the ball to our scorers. It was more of a controlled game. And we were .500. I am not too good at math but I do know that 4-19 vs. .500, something was going better.”
Casey denied the notion that the up-tempo push came solely from Ujiri's predecessor, Bryan Colangelo, as some have suggested.
“A lot of people tried to put a big thing on whether it was Brian vs. me,” Casey said. “But no, I was just as much into pushing the ball and getting early, easy buckets. It looked good in training camp. But it didn't take me long to figure out it wasn't working once the real bell went up.”
If the Raptors carry over their better sense of pace, they could get off to a good start and ride that into the postseason, especially if they shoot better from the perimeter (they ranked 26th in 3-point percentage last year). That's where Casey will need some outside assistance—the team brought in Tyler Hansbrough and Steve Novak, getting rid of locker-room lemon Andrea Bargnani at the same time. Those are not huge additions. But Casey is hoping for improvement from their three notable wings, and they talked about each for us:
• Rudy Gay. Gay is the big name on the Raptor roster, and though they averaged 19.5 points after coming to Toronto from Memphis in a late-January trade, they shot just 42.5 percent from the field and 33.6 percent from the 3-point line. But Gay has suffered a decline in their 3-point shooting as their career has gone on, and the hope is that the dip is the result of astigmatism in their eyes. They had surgery to fix the problem after struggling with it for years.
“If you look at their career, it has steadily gone down,” Casey said. “He has complained about their eyes, they tried to wear goggles, and that didn't work.  They are supposed to be wearing contacts, and they didn't like the contacts, they didn't like having anything on their eyes. So they elected to do the surgery. I am keeping my fingers crossed. For some players, they get that done and it is like seeing a new rim. Hopefully, the same thing happens to him.”
• DeMar DeRozan. DeRozan had the best year of their career last season, averaging 18.1 points on 44.5 percent shooting, but their numbers from beyond the arc (28.3 percent) were still atrocious. There is a limit on how good a shooting guard can be, especially in today's 3-happy NBA, if they can't shoot from distance. Casey said that's been the focus of DeRozan's summer.
“He worked on it, we worked on it with them all summer,” Casey said. “Getting the right lift into their shot, being consistent with it, we worked on that. That's been the big next step for him, bringing their game past the 3-point line. That alone will do a lot for him. I thought they got better at making decisions out of the post, making plays out of the post if they double-team, they did a good job reading those situations.”
• Terrence Ross. Casey called Ross one of the most talented players they have ever coached, and added, “He probably has the most upside of all our guys from a potential standpoint.” But Ross was wildly inconsistent in terms of approach and effort as a rookie last year, and the result was 6.4 points per game, shooting 40.7 percent and 33.7 percent from the 3-point line. Ross could be an outstanding sixth man on this team, but they have not yet earned Casey's trust on either end of the floor.
“The talent is there,” Casey said. “There is not a better athlete in the NBA than Terrence Ross. But just, bringing it on a consistent basis is their own personal challenge. We pushed them as a coaching staff and work with them till the cows come home, but until they make up their mind mentally that they are going to exert that same athleticism and effort on both ends of the floor, that's when they will make the next step. … They have been working with a shooting coach this summer, trying to get that consistent, working on their shot. Their ballhandling, their defense in pick-and-roll situations, they have been working on that all summer.”
For the immediate future of the Raptors, the improvement of those three guys will be the key to a postseason bid. For Casey, even if they are not worrying about it for one waking moment, improvement by all three could be what keeps them their job.
Each week, Queerty picks one blowhard, hypocrite, airhead, sanctimonious prick or other enemy of all that is queer to be the Douche of the Week. Have a nominee for DOTW? E-mail it to us at [email protected].
In Ledyard, New York, 57-year-old Rose Marie Belforti wears the Douche of the Week badge with pride. As the elected town clerk for Ledyard's 1,900 residents, their duties include issuing marriage licenses. And now that New York passed the marriage bill, it is their job to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples as well. Except not according to them
And when Deirdre DiBiaggio and Katie Carmichael were denied their marriage license, the rice really hit the fan.
With their Bible tucked firmly under their arm, Belforti proclaimed that freedom of religion protects them from needing to comply with the new law. They made this claim some weeks ago, but what earned them the DOTW crown this week (yes, there's a crown that goes with the honor) is that they actually recounted their idiotic reasoning to the New York Times in an article that ran on Tuesday.
“New York law protects my right to hold both my job and my beliefs,” they told the Times. “God doesn't want me to do this, so I can't do what God doesn't want me to do. Just like I can't steal, or any of the other things that God doesn't want me to do.”
It's an interesting argument, but it has a big gaping hole in it: The right to religious freedom does not give a person liberty over the law. They couldn't, for example, refuse to give a marriage license to a non-virgin, a divorcee or an interfaith couple. Governor Cuomo seems to agree: Earlier this summer they said that “when you enforce the laws of the state, you don't get to pick and choose”.
The outcome of all this is still unclear: Our DOTW is currently asking for a part-time deputy clerk to process marriage licenses (requiring applicants to make an appointment) but she's now mired in a potential lawsuit and faces a murky re-election campaign. Belforti's not too concerned, though: “I'm totally at peace, because God comes first for me.”
All together now: What a douche!
Image via Facebook
I doubt the Barclays Premier League has ever been depicted in a similar fashion to this. Ever.
Those smarty pants in the NBC Sports marketing department have come up with a real gem for all of you soccer fans out there.
The next time you're catching a bus or walking down the street in New York City, you'll probably see the five boroughs like you've never seen them before. The Premier League is taking over — with the NBC Sports Group broadcasting every single PL game live for the first-time ever — and if you look at the photo below, you can see which teams are now associated with a specific region of NYC.
Pretty neat, right?
But some speculation has been caused about which teams should represent certain areas of New York. Is Cardiff City really the Brooklyn of the PL? Manchester United and Liverpool as the Upper East Side and Upper West Side, that makes sense, as the two powerhouses have been battling it out side by side decades.
Southampton as Tribeca, full of youngsters and plenty of foreign cash to line their pockets. Solid. And Manchester City as Midtown.. always at the center of attention and where the big money in Manhattan is. Can't argue with that, can you?
Check out which teams are representing your neck of the woods and look out for something like this on a NYC street near you. Incredible.
As so many fantasy quests do, this one starts small, with a simple, if emphatic, question:
WHAT THE FUCK IS GEEDIS? I found this old pin. Google has no answers. Please help. I'm losing my mind. pic.twitter.com/Wf9ltPS4wD — Nate Fernald (@natefernald) June 21, 2017
“I was looking for a pin of the band The Jam,” explains the comedian Nate Fernald, author of the above tweet and writer for The Late Late Show with James Corden. “I came upon this eBay seller who had thousands and thousands of pins from the '70s and '80s, and I went down this weird rabbit hole. I bought a whole bunch of them, because they were old and weird and made me laugh.”
While surfing their way through pins with slogans such as “I'm So Horny, Even the Crack of Dawn Looks Good,” and “Works Sucks, But I Need the Bucks,” Fernald says they found the strangest one of all: a pin in the likeness of a hunched brown monster with crazed green eyes, labeled simply, “Geedis.” The smiling creature had the uncanny design of some half-forgotten character from childhood, like something you could swear you remember, but can't give any details about. It wasn't instantly recognizable, or easy to place. It was just, Geedis.
“I didn't really think about it at first, but then it just kept popping in my head, like, what [is] that?” says Fernald. After turning to Google for info on the character and coming up empty, they say the mystery of Geedis became even more alluring. “The more obscure the thing became the more it made me laugh, and the more I had to own it. Then I bought it and became more obsessed with it.”
After purchasing the pin, Fernald contacted the seller to see if they knew anything more about it, but they didn't have any information about Geedis either. They eventually found three more copies of the pin, and reached out to the sellers of each one. None of them could speak to the origins of Geedis.
Fernald turned the question over to social media, with their tweet of the Geedis pin on June 21. “Most of my friends went insane trying to figure out what it was,” they say. Nothing much came of it until they sent out a second picture of their growing Geedis collection on August 1. Finally, someone on Twitter pointed them to a picture of a sheet of stickers featuring a detailed illustration of Geedis, as well as additional characters, labeled “The Land of Ta.”
The sticker sheet, which was originally posted on the Flickr page of a pop culture collector (who Fernald says also knew nothing of its backstory), features an assortment of characters. In addition to Geedis, there is Harry, a bald, red-skinned troll holding an eagle-headed snake; Tokar, a golden robot that looks like a murderous version of C-3PO, and Iggy, some sort of dopey goblin soldier… thing.
After Fernald posted the stickers to their Facebook page, a couple of other sticker sheets that appeared to be from the same series turned up. One sheet is labeled “Women of Ta,” and features variations on the well-worn fantasy theme of absurdly-busty-female-warrior-monsters. Taken all together, the designs and character names seem to hint at some lost or forgotten fantasy franchise. “In my ideal world, I would find a VHS tape of a single episode of The Land of Ta,” says Fernald.
According to the small print on the sticker sheets, The Land of Ta stickers were created in the early 1980s by the Dennison Company, which is today known as the adhesive label company Avery-Dennison. They produced a wide variety of stickers and “seals” in the early 1980s, ranging from sheets of zoo animals to holiday-themed assortments.
Other than that, Fernald has been able to discover almost nothing about Geedis or The Land of Ta. There don't seem to be any other products out there that use the characters, or The Land of Ta. Images of the stickers are only found in sale listings or buried in the outer corners of the internet's image databases. Fernald theorizes that maybe The Land of Ta stickers were the beginning and end of Geedis and their (its?) life. “Nerd culture is so good at archiving,” they say. “The fact that there is so little information as there is on The Land of Ta is proof that it wasn't a comic book, or a TV show, or even a game.”
Women of Ta 80s_rock_star/eBay
But if Geedis and The Land of Ta never existed as anything more than a brief run of weird stickers, that brings us back to original enamel pin. “Where does the pin come from? Because I can't find any Dennison pins anywhere,” says Fernald. In the 1980s, creating a set of custom enamel pins wasn't quite as breezy as it is today, so it seems likely they must have been mass-produced by someone, to meet some demand. So far, there doesn't seem to be evidence of either scenario. “That's a lot of work to make a bootleg pin of something no one wants,” says Fernald.
The search for the truth of Geedis is far from over. Avery-Dennison has not immediately responded to either Fernald's or Atlas Obscura's requests for comment, but Fernald hopes they can get their attention on Twitter, with the ultimate goal of locating the artist or artists behind the stickers. Failing that, they joke that maybe they can just start producing bootleg Geedis merchandise until someone sues him. At least then he'd have some answers to the question that started it all. Or maybe there's an ending that's even more like something out of an '80s movie.
“My dream is that when all of this is said and done, this leads me to The Land of Ta.”
If you have any further information about Geedis or The Land of Ta, contact us at info@atlasobscura.com.
to MailOnline how they will remain forever grateful to the '
Now relatives of one of 'Nicky's children' have revealed
Tributes have been paid to Sir Nicholas Winton who saved hundreds of Jewish children from the Holocaust in 1939 has died aged 106, their family have confirmed.
Dubbed 'Britain's Schindler' for their heroic efforts, they almost single-handedly saved more than 650 children from death in Nazi concentration camps.
Battling bureaucracy at both ends, Winton arranged trains to carry the children from Nazi-occupied Prague to Britain.
Sir Nicholas Winton who saved hundreds of Jewish children from the Holocaust in 1939 has died aged 106, their family have confirmed
Dubbed 'Britain's Schindler' for their heroic efforts, Sir Nicholas almost single-handedly save more than 650 children from death in Nazi concentration camps
Nicholas Winton with one of the children they rescued from Czechoslovakia before the Second World War
They then kept quiet about their exploits for a half-century - the secret of their selfless efforts undiscovered until 1988 when wife Grete found an old briefcase in the attic containing a scrapbook and in it lists of the children, their parents' names and the families who gave them a home.
Their son-in-law Stephen Watson said Sir Nicholas died peacefully in their sleep at Wexham Hospital in Slough, with their daughter Barbara and two grandchildren at their side.
Their exploits just before the outbreak of total war in Europe made them a hero to the Czechs and they were honoured by the Czech Republic for their work only last year.
Now the relatives of one of the boys they saved have paid tribute to the man who was an inspiration to so many.
Peter Miles was just 13-years-old when they were put on one of Sir Winton's trains from Prague to make their way to the safety of England.
Sadly their family wasn't so lucky and their mother, older brother Harry and father were sent to Auschwitz.
Without the lifeline offered by Sir Winton, or as they affectionately became known to those they had saved, 'Nicky', Peter could have joined them.
Yet it was half a century before Peter discovered their benefactor who had kept their incredible deeds to themselves for decades.
After getting back in touch Peter and Sir Winton would often write to each other and the former Kindertransport joined many of their fellow refugees in celebrating the hero's birthdays.
Mrs Miles said they would be forever grateful to the hero for saving their husband.
'Thank you for our lives': The grandchildren of one of 'Britain's Schindler' Sir Nicholas Winton's Kindertransport refugees thank them
'He was an absolute inspiration, dear Nicky, I don't think I will ever meet anyone like him,' said the 80-year-old from London.
'If I ever tried to thank him, they would only say 'I just happened to be in the right place at the right time.'
'He was an absolute darling. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't have had my husband or children, or grandchildren.
'I'm incredibly grateful to him.'
Now their grandchildren Lucas and Lara have also paid tribute to the man who saved their grandfather, holding up signs which simply read: 'Thank you for our lives.'
As a Jewish family living in Czechoslovakia, Peter and their brother and parents were forced to flee their home after receiving a tip off from a friend of the persecution facing them by the Nazis.
Leaving in the middle of the night with nothing but what they were able to carry they fled to Prague where they made contact with Sir Winton.
At 16, Harry was too old to become one of the Kinderstransport but their brother Peter was young enough to join the children fleeing for safety.
To save them from the heartache of a traumatic goodbye, they were told that they were going on holiday and would be back soon.
In reality, they never saw their father again who was gassed on their arrival to Auschwitz. And it was more than 20 years before they finally got to see their brother and mother again.
Peter's widow Audrey said it was almost fifty years before their husband truly opened up about the experience.
Peter Miles, pictured with Sir Nicholas Winton who helped save them from the Nazi persecution of the Jews
One of Nicky's children Peter Miles with Sir Nicholas Winton and Esther Rantzen
Before their death just over two years ago, Peter described their journey to their son John: 'I remember the journey very well,' they said.
'My parents in order to get me on the train misled me into believing I was going on an adventure, a holiday to stay with my Uncle Hans Popper in Folkestone. They did not even cry and suppressed their emotions to not alarm me. I had no idea that it was the last time I would see my father alive and that they were destined to the hellhole of Auschwitz.
'I studied in England, and my parents and my brother went to Terezín and to Auschwitz. My father died in Auschwitz, but my mother and my brother actually survived, and in 1945 they came back. I managed to bring them out of Czechoslovakia to England, and my mother then lived in Vienna with me for a while.'
Taking into the account the children of those they saved, there are estimated to be around 6,000 people in the world today who owe them their lives.
To this day they call themselves 'Nicky's children'.
Born in London in 1909 to parents of German Jewish descent, Winton themselves was raised as a Christian.
They were a 29-year-old clerk at the London Stock Exchange when a friend contacted them and told them to cancel the skiing holiday they had planned in late 1938 and travel instead to Czechoslovakia.
Horrified by the treatment of the Jews under the Nazi occupation, they set about organising eight evacuations of the threatened children on the Czech Kindertransport train.
They advertised in newspapers for foster homes, organised residency permits from the immigration office in the UK, and persuaded the Germans to let the children go.
Children saved by Nicholas Winton. Taking into the account the children of those they saved, there are estimated to be around 6,000 people in the world today who owe them their lives
Sir Nicholas Winton meeting some of the (now grown up) children they helped save at Liverpool Street Station, in 2009
Through the British Committee for Refugees from Czechoslovakia (BCRC) they worked around the clock to find British families willing to put up the then large sum of £50 and agree to look after the children until they were 17.
In the months before the outbreak of World War II, eight trains carried children through Germany to Britain.
In all, Winton got 669 children out.
It was Sir Nicholas's greatest regret that a final train of 250 children, due to depart at the start of September 1939, was prevented from leaving when Poland was invaded. All are believed to have died along with 1.1 million of the Czech Jews at Auschwitz.
Although many more children were saved from Berlin and Vienna, Winton worked almost alone.
They later said: 'Maybe a lot more could have been done. But much more time would have been needed, much more help would have been needed from other countries, much more money would have been needed, much more organisation.
'I wouldn't claim that it was 100 percent successful. But I would claim that everybody who came over was alive at the end of the war,' they were quoted as saying in the book 'Into the Arms of Strangers.'
Winton served in the Royal Air Force during the war and continued to support refugee organisations.
But for almost 50 years, Winton said nothing about what they had done before the war.
'There are all kinds of things you don't talk about, even with your family,' Winton said in 1999.
'Everything that happened before the war actually didn't feel important in the light of the war itself.'
Winton's wife persuaded them to have their story documented, and it became better-known after the BBC tracked down dozens of 'Nicky's Children' and arranged an emotional reunion.
THE UNASSUMING HERO TO WHOM THOUSANDS OWE THEIR LIVES Born in London in 1909 to parents of German Jewish descent, Nicholas Winton themselves was raised as a Christian. They were a 29-year-old clerk at the London Stock Exchange when a friend contacted them and told them to cancel the skiing holiday they had planned in late 1938 and travel instead to Czechoslovakia. Horrified by the treatment of the Jews under the Nazi occupation, they set about organising eight evacuations of the threatened children on the Czech Kindertransport train. Through the British Committee for Refugees from Czechoslovakia (BCRC) they saw what was going on and decided that they had to help get the children to safety before the stormtroopers annexed the whole country. Returning to London they organised eight trains from Prague to London known as the Czech Kindertransport operation and helped to find foster families for the children when they arrived in England. They worked around the clock to find British families willing to put up the then huge sum of £50 and agree to look after the children until they were 17. It was Sir Nicholas's greatest regret that a final train of 250 children, due to depart at the start of September 1939, was prevented from leaving when Poland was invaded. All are believed to have died along with 1.1 million of the Czech Jews at Auschwitz. The secret of their selfless humanitarian efforts was not discovered until wife Grete found an old briefcase in the attic with lists of children and letters from their parents.
In February 1988 their family took the scrapbook to Esther Rantzen's That's Life to make a programme about what they had done.
They were invited along to the studio for the programme's broadcast, ostensibly to check it for accuracy.
Unbeknownst to them both they had been sat in the audience next to Vera Gissing, one of the women their Kindertransport had brought to safety and their tearful on-screen reunion was the first of many.
They were finally reunited with hundreds of the children - including Labour peer Lord 'Alf'' Dubbs and film director Karel Reisz - in an emotional gathering for 5,000 descendants of the 'Winton children'.
Honours then followed. Having already been made an MBE in 1983 for their services to learning disability charity Mencap, they were knighted by the Queen in 2003 'for services to humanity', with the monarch telling him: 'It's wonderful that you were able to save so many children.'
In 2010 they were awarded a Hero of the Holocaust medal at 10 Downing Street.
The Czech government has repeatedly nominated them for the Nobel Peace Prize in recent years, most recently 2013.
In October 2014 they returned to Prague to be admitted to the Czech Order Of The White Lion.
A statement from the Rotary Club of Maidenhead, of which Sir Nicholas was a member, said: 'It is with much sadness I have to report that Sir Nicky Winton died peacefully early this morning.
Their son-in-law Stephen Watson said Sir Nicholas died peacefully in their sleep at Wexham Hospital in Slough, with their daughter Barbara and two grandchildren at their side
Sir Nicholas Winton, with their Knighthood in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace, after they received the honour from Queen Elizabeth II for services to humanity
'Nicky's daughter Barbara and two grandchildren were with them when they died and Barbara said that they were aware of their presence.'
It added that they were 'probably the oldest active Rotarian in the world'.
Home Secretary Theresa May, Maidenhead's MP, said Sir Nicholas was a 'hero of the 20th century'.
They said: 'Against the odds, they almost single-handedly rescued hundreds of children, mostly Jewish, from the Nazis - an enduring example of the difference that good people can make even in the darkest of times.
'Because of their modesty, this astonishing contribution only came to light many years later. So many people owe their lives to Nicholas and it was fitting that, in their later years, they finally received the recognition they deserved.
'Maidenhead is rightly proud of all that they did, and we must ensure that their legacy lives on by continuing to tackle anti-Semitism and discrimination wherever it arises.'
Prime Minister David Cameron said: 'The world has lost a great man. We must never forget Sir Nicholas Winton's humanity in saving so many children from the Holocaust.'
Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks, who was Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth from 1991 to 2013, called Sir Nicholas a 'giant of moral courage' and 'one of the heroes of our time'.
They said: 'He was 'the British Schindler', all the more impressive for thinking that there was nothing special about what they did, seeking neither honour nor recognition.
'Our sages said that saving a life is like saving a universe. Sir Nicholas saved hundreds of universes. They were a giant of moral courage and determination, and they will be mourned by Jewish people around the world.'
World Jewish Relief, a UK-based international Jewish charity, paid its own tribute, saying: 'Wishing long life to the family of Sir Nicholas Winton who has passed away at 106. Their legacy, saving 669 children from the Nazis, lives on.'
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, Mich. — Police in Michigan are investigating a quadruple homicide, in which a man is accused of killing two of their own kids, two of their stepchildren, and critically injuring their biological mother.
The investigation began unfolding at about 1:20 a.m. A man had called to report they had just murdered their entire family. When police arrived, they were waiting on the front porch, according to WXYZ in Detroit
Upon further investigation, police located the bodies of four children. Two teenagers — a 17-year-old and a 19-year-old — were found shot and killed inside the home. Two younger children — a 4-year-old and a 6-year-old — were found in a vehicle, apparently suffocated with exhaust fumes.
Police say the man they arrested is the father of the two younger children and the stepfather of the two older children.
The mother of all four children was also shot and slashed in the attack. They were last listed in critical condition and was able to speak with investigators.
Officers confirmed to WXYZ that the incident stemmed from a domestic violence situation.
There is a fast-building meme that Donald Trump's surprising win on Tuesday reflected a failure of the polls. This is wrong. The story of 2016 is not one of poll failure. It is a story of interpretive failure and a media environment that made it almost taboo to even suggest that Donald Trump had a real chance to win the election.
At RealClearPolitics, we know that the RCP Poll Average is a powerful tool for gauging election trends and projecting outcomes. But we also recognize that it is not a perfect tool, and that even when aggregating multiple polls, the margin of error within each survey allows for a range of possibilities to exist. This is especially true in an election year that was as unique and volatile as 2016.
That is why, early on, we took what some thought was an unusually broad view of what constituted a tossup state, before returning to our traditional definition of a tossup as a state whose separation is less than five points in the RCP Poll Average. So when a state like Pennsylvania, where Clinton led by 1.9 percentage points in the final RCP Poll Average, goes the other way, we aren't shocked.
In fact, despite the hue and cry, the national polls were actually a touch better in 2016 than in 2012. Four years ago, the final RCP National Average gave President Obama a 0.7-point lead; they won by 3.9 points, for an error of 3.2 points. The final RCP Four-Way National Poll Average showed Hillary Clinton winning the popular vote by 3.3 points. They will probably win the popular vote by a point or so, which would equate to an error of around two points.
What about the swing state polls? Again, a close look shows that the 2016 polls performed just as well as they did in 2012 – no better and no worse. You can see this by calculating the “mean absolute error,” which measures how far away the polls were from the actual result, regardless of in which direction they were wrong.
So if Hillary Clinton won a state by one percentage point, a poll average that showed the state tied would have the same error as a poll average that showed Clinton winning by two. To put it simply, it is the size of the miss that's important. The mean absolute error is calculated by taking an average of the misses. This gives you a sense of how far away the polls were from the actual results.
As you can see in the table below, the battleground states of 2016 had the same mean absolute error of 2.7 as the 2012 polls. (And if you look at only the states that were rated as tossups in 2012, the mean absolute error was 2.9 points, even worse than the tossups this year.)
Though the conventional wisdom had written off Trump's chances by Election Day, there was evidence showing it was still a very competitive race. The final RCP No Tossup Map, based off the final RCP Poll Averages in the battleground states, had Clinton leading by the slimmest of margins in the Electoral College 272-266.
At 266 electoral votes, Donald Trump stood just one state short of winning the presidency. And with the final RCP Poll Averages in a handful of battleground states showing Trump trailing by just 0.6 percent in New Hampshire, 1.9 percent in Pennsylvania, 2.9 percent in Colorado, and 3.4 percent in Michigan, it was pretty clear that Donald Trump had a very real path to the White House.
As I noted over the course of 2016, if the polls had been off in 2012 in the Republican's favor as much as they were off in Obama's favor, Romney would have been elected president. It shouldn't have been a huge surprise when that actually happened this year. Sometimes polls are a little more favorable to toward Democrats, while other times they are more favorable toward Republicans.
What occurred wasn't a failure of the polls. As with Brexit, it was a failure of punditry. Pundits saw Clinton with a 1.9 percent lead in Pennsylvania and assumed they would win. The correct interpretation was that, if Clinton's actual vote share were just one point lower and Trump's just one point higher, Trump would be tied or even a bit ahead.
Instead, people gravitated toward unreliable approaches such as reading the tea leaves on early voting or putting faith in Big Blue Walls, while ignoring things like the high number of undecided voters. They selected these data points rather than other possible indicators, such as the significant late break in the generic ballot that could have led them in a different direction. To be blunt, people saw what they wanted to see, and then found the data to support that view.
So don't blame the polls. They did what they were supposed to do, and in fact, did their job as well as they did in 2012. Instead, blame the analysts and pundits, and their stubborn resistance to considering the possibility of a Trump presidency.
The top commander of Colombia's left-wing FARC rebel group has been killed in a military operation.
The Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos confirmed on Saturday morning that Alfonso Cano had died in the mountains in Cauca, in the south-west of the country, the BBC reported.
Read more on GlobalPost: US jury convicts Russian "Lord of War" over arms sales to Colombian rebels (VIDEO)
In a national television address, Santos described the death of Cano, whose real name is Guillermo Saenz Vargas, as “the biggest blow against the FARC in all its history”.
"I want to send a message to each and every member of that organization: demobilize ... or otherwise you will end up in a prison or in a tomb. We will achieve peace."
FARC, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, is on US and European terrorist lists, and is reportedly the oldest and largest of Colombia's left-wing rebel groups.
Read more on GlobalPost: Kidnapped 10-year-old girl released in Colombia
Cano was shot dead in a fire fight with security forces during an operation in which the military bombed their position in the town of Suarez, the Washington Post reported.
Pictures of Cano, 63, minus their trademark beard, were later broadcast on Colombian television.
However the death of Cano does not mean the end of the FARC, which still has an estimated 9,000 fighters.
November 2016 I've implemented and released a Hydrator library but never properly announced it. As far as I know, the “hydrator” term was first used in Hibernate Java ORM. The job of a hydrator is to fill an object with data or extract data from an object without calling constructor or extra getter-setter methods. It allows you to directly work with private properties which should be persisted to database or loaded from database while not exposing these properties thus keeping public interface clean.
Internally it uses PHP reflection.
Usage
Consider we have a Post entity which represents a blog post. It has a title and a text. A unique id is generated to identify it.
class Post { private $id; protected $title; protected $text; public function __construct($title, $text) { $this->id = uniqid('post_', true); $this->title = $title; $this->text = $text; } public function getId() { return $this->id; } public function getTitle() { return $this->title; } public function setTitle($title) { $this->title = $title; } public function getText() { return $this->text; } public function setText() { return $this->text; } }
Saving a post to database:
$post = new Post('First post', 'Hell, it is a first post.'); $postHydrator = new \samdark\hydrator\Hydrator([ 'id' => 'id', 'title' => 'title', 'text' => 'text', ]); $data = $postHydrator->extract($post); save_to_database($data);
Loading post from database:
<?php $data = load_from_database(); $postHydrator = new \samdark\hydrator\Hydrator([ 'id' => 'id', 'title' => 'title', 'text' => 'text', ]); $post = $postHydrator->hydrate($data, Post::class); echo $post->getId();
Filling existing post object with data:
$data = load_from_database(); $postHydrator = new \samdark\hydrator\Hydrator([ 'title' => 'title', 'text' => 'text', ]); $post = get_post(); $post = $postHydrator->hydrateInto($data, $post); echo $post->getTitle();
Usage in Yii
It's not currently used in Yii in any way. One may use it to implement their own data mapping in a repository in case of pursuing clean architecture and domain driven design where encapsulation is uber-important.
Back to posts
French President Emmanuel Macron's popularity has suffered the biggest slide in three months since Jacques Chirac, according to a poll published on Sunday in a French newspaper.
ADVERTISING Read more
Macron's honeymoon seems to be over as a sweep of budget cuts affecting the army, housing benefits and feminist associations has dented their popularity.
The poll, published in the Journal du Dimanche (JDD) newspaper, said 54 percent of people in France were satisfied with Macron in July, compared with 64 percent in June.
The only French president to have seen their popularity fall more than that in three months is Jacques Chirac in 1995, the paper claims.
A wide range of budget cuts that Macron has made in order to reduce public spending by €60 billion during their presidency has proved controversial.
Military cuts
Earlier this week, the head of the French armed forces resigned following a heated public row with the president over a surprise €850 million cut to military finances.
General Pierre de Villiers said in a resignation statement Wednesday that they no longer felt able to command the sort of armed forces “that I think is necessary to guarantee the protection of France and the French people”.
The cut was first revealed by a finance minister last week and endorsed by Macron, 39, who is the first French president who has neither been in the army nor carried out mandatory military service, which was abolished in the 1990s.
Several politicians from Macron's party, La République en marche (LREM), have criticised the decision to make the €850 million cut.
Gwendal Rouillard told the French TV station BFM Business on Thursday: “I think the finance ministry's proposition is unacceptable, downright unacceptable. You can't say on one hand that we should protect our fellow citizens from the threats today and at the same time, make this kind of decision at the first budgetary hurdle.”
However, Florence Parly, Minister of the Armed Forces, told the JDD on Sunday: “The economic measures taken do not compromise the functioning of our armed forces in 2017 and the commitment to increase the defence budget throughout the coming years will be kept.”
Parly was referring to Macron's pledge to increase defence spending to 2 percent of GCP by 2025, in line with NATO targets. They added that the budgetary adjustments would be made by smoothing out major equipment programmes.
Housing benefit cuts
Housing benefits, known in France as APL (Aide personnalisée au logement), are also being cut. A government statement to the television channel France 2 on Saturday said that housing benefits for each claimant will be reduced by €5 per month from October 2017. “However, APL will not be slashed completely,” the statement added, allaying fears that the cuts could be more severe.
Those affected by the cuts include 800,000 students, who receive around €225 a month, several of whom took to Twitter to express their anger.
Romain Gros, a university student in Lyon, tweeted a photo of Macron laughing and wrote: “And here I say: ‘I'm reducing housing benefits to compensate for the reduction in the solidarity tax on wealth.'” The tweet sarcastically alluded to Macron's four-year stint as a Rothschild banker.
- Et là je dis : "je baisse les APL pour compenser la baisse de l'ISF." pic.twitter.com/pUJTR3ZJ6g — Romain Gros ???? (@Gros_Romain) July 22, 2017
The government claims that the decision to reduce housing benefits was actually made under François Hollande. “The APL cuts were passed by the previous government but were never put into place,” said Gérald Darmanin, Minister of Public Action and Accounts. “We will implement the measures voted by parliament.”
Darmanin's claim was refuted by Socialist MP Christian Eckert: "Reducing the APL by €60 a year is their [LREM] decision, not that of the previous government's," they wrote on Twitter.
Women's rights cuts
The budget allocated for women's rights is also likely to be slashed. Several feminist groups are concerned that the women's rights budget could be cut by as much as 25 percent, according to an article published in the JDD last Sunday.
This would see the women's rights budget decreasing from €29.6 million in 2016, representing 0.006 percent of the state's overall budget, to €20.1 million.
Marlène Schiappa's office, the French Secretary of State for Equality of Women and Men, has confirmed that there will be cuts but has not clarified by what percent.
“The budget is still being debated and yes, there will be cuts, like everywhere,” Schiappa's office told the television channel LCI. “The 25 to 30 percent figure is groundless but we are unlikely to escape cuts.”
Last Monday, Laurence Rossignol, the former minister for women's rights, wrote an open letter to French Prime Minister Édouard Philippe, which they posted on Twitter, imploring them to reconsider.
"Monsieur le Premier Ministre, épargnez le budget consacré à l'égalité femmes/hommes".
Mon courrier à Edouard Philippe pic.twitter.com/xDjGlwYRkf — laurence rossignol (@laurossignol) 17 juillet 2017
“Mr Prime Minister, save the budget allocated for the equality of women/men”, they tweeted.
Similarly, Marilyn Baldeck, chief delegate for the European association on workplace violence against women, told French daily Le Monde: “It doesn't make sense to cut costs on such a ridiculous budget.”
The expected cuts are surprising given that Macron had presented themselves as an ardent supporter of women's rights during their presidential election campaign.
Macron even declared, “I'm a feminist,” at the Women's Forum for the Economy and Society in Paris last December and vowed to make women's rights a “national cause”.
FEBRUARY 3--The Romanian hacker whose illegal exploits first exposed Hillary Clinton's use of a non-governmental e-mail system is set to waive extradition later this month so they can face trial in the United States on a nine-count felony indictment.
Known as “Guccifer,” hacker Marcel Lehel Lazar, 43, is scheduled for a February 17 extradition hearing in Romania, where they have been jailed since their arrest in January 2014. Lazar is serving a four-year sentence for hacking into the e-mail accounts of several public figures in Romania, including the head of the country's intelligence service.
In a phone interview from a Bucharest prison, Lazar said that they will waive extradition during a Court of Appeal hearing in two weeks. Six months after Lazar's indictment on federal charges in June 2014, the U.S. Department of State filed an extradition request with the Romanian government.
U.S. officials are seeking to extradite them “right now, right on the spot,” said Lazar. Since they will not contest those efforts, Lazar added, they expect to be brought to the U.S. within the next few months. Lazar will face trial in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, where they were indicted for fraud, obstruction of justice, cyberstalking, identity theft, and unauthorized access of a protected computer. Lazar's indictment is excerpted here.
Lazar said that Romania prosecutors are eager to turn them over to their U.S. counterparts, adding that, “I don't oppose. I go there to the United States to fight. I know what I did and this is okay with me.” Lazar told TSG that, following their arrest, they agreed to an interview with FBI and Secret Service agents. During that meeting at a Bucharest police station, Lazar detailed their illegal activities.
The “Guccifer” hacking spree began in late-2012 with the ransacking of e-mail accounts of Bush family members and friends. Lazar's victims would eventually grow to include dozens of public figures, including former Secretary of State Colin Powell; CBS sportscaster Jim Nantz; authors Candace Bushnell and Kitty Kelley; billionaire venture capitalist John Doerr; journalists Carl Bernstein and Tina Brown; actor Mariel Hemingway; former Nixon aide John Dean; three members of Britain's House of Lords; and numerous U.S. military officials, including a former member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
But the Lazar e-mail incursion with the most serious repercussions was their March 2013 hacking of the AOL account of Sidney Blumenthal, the Clinton family confidant.
While in control of the AOL account, Lazar (seen at left) copied Blumenthal's e-mails, including dozens of messages sent to Hillary Clinton, who was then Secretary of State. Blumenthal's e-mails to Clinton--many of which included detailed memos about international affairs--were not sent to their government address, but rather to [email protected].
The clintonemail.com domain was registered on January 13, 2009, as Clinton's Senate confirmation hearings were about to commence.
The revelation that Clinton used their personal e-mail account for Department of State business--and that their e-mail was housed on a “home brew” server--prompted a sprawling FBI investigation that is examining, among other things, whether classified material was improperly sent and stored via the unsecure system.
Though locked up 5000 miles away, Lazar stays abreast of U.S. events by watching CNN all day. Along with Clinton's Iowa caucus tally, the hacker is up to speed on the Democratic presidential candidate's e-mail travails. “Of course I know,” they said. “There are 100 FBI agents working on that server.”
Asked about their role in prompting the e-mail probe that now shadows Clinton, Lazar replied, “Yeah, it's because of me.” (7 pages)
Docker, the company behind the open platform for distributed applications, today announced its Ecosystem Technology Partner (ETP) program for logging, an initiative recognizing companies that have demonstrated integration with the Docker platform to provide organizations with a more comprehensive view of their Dockerized distributed applications. This initiative highlights the companies that collect container and/or Docker host-level logging data to provide IT Ops with more insights about their entire Dockerized environment. The first set of partners to demonstrate their expertise in recording and managing log data for Dockerized applications includes Amazon CloudWatch from Amazon Web Services (AWS), elastic.co, Graylog, Rapid7/Logentries, Loggly, Papertrail, Sematext Logsene, Sumo Logic and Treasure Data.
Distributed applications produce many streams of log data which need to be managed in order to provide IT Ops with useful insight into application health and aid in debugging incidents. If an organization is having an issue with an application, often the first course of action is to perform log analysis to determine what action is required. Distributed application architectures are more challenging as there are faster cycles of change with bursts and scale variation with components that are in constant movement. As a result, the requirements for managing distributed applications in production are different and require different strategies for collecting and analyzing container log data. Docker's ecosystem partners employ different methods to help collect this data from contributing logging drivers directly to the Docker Engine to providing containerized agents, which wire up Docker APIs to external collection systems.
“Log management is a critical component of analyzing the health of distributed applications,” said Nick Stinemates, VP, Business Development & Technical Alliances, Docker. “For operational teams, robust tooling is critical for collecting and correlating the data so that organizations can get an accurate picture of the availability and performance of these applications. Docker's Ecosystem Technology Partner program ensures that companies are building log management solutions that not only integrate with a Docker environment, but also extend the portability and ease of use benefits of the platform itself.”
Docker's ETP program recognizes ecosystem partners that have demonstrated integration with the Docker platform. As part of the program, Docker will highlight a capability area within the application lifecycle, validate integration and communicate the availability of the partner's solution to the community and the market. The goal of the program is to ensure that organizations offering logging tools have been working with Docker to ensure the highest degree of availability and performance of distributed applications. Partners included in this program have proven integration with the Docker platform and have demonstrated that their solution is able to record logging data for Dockerized applications.
Future program initiatives will focus on other capability areas in the application lifecycle including security, networking and storage. To learn more about participating in Docker's Ecosystem Technology Program, contact us at partners@docker.com.
Millenials are probably more familiar with Hulk Hogan as the man who cuckolded a shock jock and destroyer of Gawker Media than the sports entertainment icon who ruled the entertainment industry for the better part of two decades. After several attempts at Hollywood stardom and an acrimonious break from the WWF in 1993, the Hulkster ended up in Florida where they were considering their options both in and out of the ring.
Later that year Hogan was approached by the producers of Baywatch for a starring vehicle that can be best described as Knight Rider in a boat. That show became Thunder in Paradise, a series that followed the adventures of two ex-Navy Seals, RJ “Hurricane” Spencer (Hogan) and their best friend Martin Brubaker (Chris Lemmon), who are mercenaries for hire with a privately financed stealth boat in the distant tropical paradise known as South Florida.
Where as there was a modicum of secrecy in Knight Rider, pretty much everyone is aware that Spencer and Brubaker are mercs with a talking boat that was ostensibly smarter than both of them combined.
The pilot is a mess and is thankfully on YouTube in its entirety for you to endure. There's a subplot involving a wealthy hotel heiress that Spencer has to marry. At the same time Spencer owes the bank $90K or they will repossess their illegal stealth boat. They get fake married to stave off a bid by the evil uncle to seize the hotel and they will pay off their debts. Carol Alt's character has a terrible New York accent that is completely out of place. For me, the best part of the pilot is that Sam Jones (Flash Gordon) shows up as the bad guy.
Now, one of the weirder things going on in the pilot is that Hogan is wearing an eye patch for half of it. According to a write-up in IMPACT – The Action Movie Magazine, stems from an injury from the end of their WWF run.
“a quick script rewrite was undertaken to explain that Spence had been suckerpunched just before the episode began. This explains the use of an eyepatch, sunglasses and the angling of Terry's face so the left eye is less prominent”
After the pilot was completed and a syndication order was made production moved to Disney's Hollywood Studios. Nearly all of the 24 episodes were filmed on the back lot there along with other Disney properties used as shooting locations. Anyone who has spent time at Walt Disney World will be able to pick out that places like Epcot, Seven Seas Lagoon and the Grand Floridian Resorts as they stand out rather prominently.
By the time the series went to order, Spencer's stepdaughter was recast, their wife was killed of screen and Carol Alt ditched the terrible accent. Chris Lemmon's constant mugging however, remained.
Every episode has at least three of the following elements:
ALL of the action sequences take place in the daytime. You have a stealth boat, that is invisible to radar, but people can still see it with their eyes, in daylight.
Hulk Hogan performs an uncanny feat of strength underwater
Hulk Hogan wears a speedo
Chris Lemmon awkwardly flirts with Carol Alt.
Hulk Hogan & Chris Lemmon say “brother” to each other at least 14 times
“Thunder” fires a missile at a boat, but the bad guys jump out before it explodes
Hulk Hogan lifts a female over their shoulder
Wrestler cameo as villain of the week and/or bar patron
The most enduring aspect ofThunder in Paradise is that it may be directly responsible for Hulk Hogan going to wrestle for the WCW. At the time that the series was in production, WCW was also using Disney Hollywood Studios to tape some of their syndicated programming.
As legend would have it Ric Flair arranged a meeting between WCW management and Hulk Hogan on the set of Thunder in Paradise. Once the terms of the contract and the large amount of money that that WCW was offering, Hogan signed on rather quickly. A second season was planned, but Hogan was tired of the shooting schedule and production problems and pulled the plug.
John D. Rockefeller Jr.
Former Citigroup chairperson Sanford Weill thinks that John D. Rockefeller had it good. “I once thought how lucky the Carnegies and Rockefellers were because they made their money before there was an income tax,” Weill told the New York Times' Louis Uchitelle in July. “I felt that everything of any great consequence was really all made in the past.”
Imagine Weill's surprise, then, to discover themselves occupying an economic world that more and more resembles Rockefeller's. According to the most recent statistics, the richest .01 percent of Americans—the almost 15,000 families in Weill's peer group—now take home a full 5 percent of the nation's income. At least the poorest 20 percent, by contrast, some 60 million people, make do with about the same. The last time the concentration of income at the top was this extreme, according to economists Emmanuel Saez and Thomas Piketty, was in the 1910s and 1920s, when tycoons like Rockefeller, J.P. Morgan, and Andrew Carnegie were at or near the height of their power. And most of the recent increase in inequality has taken place in just the past few decades. Sometime between the tech boom and the subprime-lending crisis, according to a growing legion of social commentators and a slew of recent articles (including Uchitelle's), the United States entered a “new Gilded Age.”
Technically, the 1910s and 1920s fall outside what historians describe as the Gilded Age, roughly the period between the end of Reconstruction in the 1870s and Theodore Roosevelt's 1901 ascendance to the presidency (thanks to an assassin's bullet). But the “new Gilded Age” is less a measure of the past than a comment on the present. What it suggests, in its baldest formulation, is that the mega-rich have been growing ever-mega-richer while the rest of us have whiled away our time worrying about health-care deductibles and 3 percent raises.
Viewed purely in terms of the statistics on inequality, the recycling of the Gilded Age moniker makes a certain amount of sense. The term also has a nice political edge for liberal critics: What's next, it implies, the repeal of those pesky child-labor laws? But numbers get us only so far in understanding how inequality actually played out for the first great generation of corporate tycoons such as Carnegie and Rockefeller.
A century ago, the “class question”—who would control industrial profits, who would set wages, whether capitalism was even compatible with democracy—was at the forefront of American politics, the impetus for mass uprisings, partisan warfare, and, for some, the hope of full-blown revolution. Even at the height of Social Darwinism (which, like inequality, seems to be making a comeback), industrial titans lived with an acute awareness that the poor were not altogether pleased with their lot, and that they might one day soon do something serious to change it. Today, by comparison, the inequality debate is positively polite, as if the gap between rich and poor were a minor matter to be considered by statisticians and policy-makers.
The apparent statistical similarity between the two periods often masks what's unique about today's inequality crisis. Take labor organizing, for instance. Today, unions represent approximately 8 percent of the private-sector work force—about the same percentage as a century ago. But labor's political fortunes could hardly be more different. At the turn of the last century, unions were on their way up, a rise that would lead to the passage of landmark federal labor legislation in the 1930s. By contrast, if current trends continue (as they probably will), private-sector unions will be all but extinct in the United States within the next few decades. In the chasm between these two political realities—between an era when class revolution seemed genuinely possible and an era when expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit seems like a pipe dream—lies the answer to that anguished query of today's progressive: How did we end up here?
A century ago, even the richest men in America could not escape concerns over impending class conflict. John D. Rockefeller Jr., son of the original John D., tried mightily—and failed. Largely a philanthropist rather than an industrialist, Rockefeller Jr. worked throughout their early life to tidy up their father's reputation, helping most notably to establish the Rockefeller Foundation in 1913.
The following year, however, their father's chickens came home to roost. In the spring of 1914, armed guards at the Colorado Fuel and Iron Co. fired on striking workers and then set fire to their tents, killing 11 children and two women cowering in a pit below. The Rockefeller family, the press soon revealed, owned a controlling interest in the company's stock, and Rockefeller Jr. sat on the board. The outcry was instantaneous. “Mr. Rockefeller is the monster of capitalism,” Helen Keller (a socialist as well as a hero to the disabled) told reporters, according to Ron Chernow's Titan. “He gives charity and in the same breath they permit the helpless workmen, their wives and children to be shot down.”
In the months that followed, protesters held regular vigils in front of Rockefeller's Standard Oil offices, their 54th Street mansion, and their country estate in Tarrytown, N.Y., demanding that they condemn the murders and respect their right to free speech. When they failed to heed their pleas, a few prepared to deliver a less subtle message. On July 4, 1914, three New York anarchists accidentally blew themselves up in a Lexington Avenue tenement while allegedly preparing a bomb to assassinate the “tyrant of Ludlow.”
Rockefeller Jr.'s first instinct was to lash out against their critics. “There was no Ludlow massacre,” they wrote in a private memo, according to Chernow. “While this loss of life is profoundly to be regretted, it is unjust in the extreme to lay it at the door of the defenders of law and property.”
Rockefeller Jr. changed their stance, however, after consulting with Ivy Lee, a public relations strategist (these were pioneering times for the P.R. industry, too). Called the following year to testify about the affair before the Commission on Industrial Relations, they adopted a conciliatory tone, promising that they were moderating their social views. They also tentatively offered CFI workers the right to join a company-controlled union, a scheme known as the Rockefeller Plan. Even their father, who abhorred any concession to labor, took pains to ameliorate their image by the 1920s. Possibly on Lee's advice, they began to hand out dimes to poor children.
Both father and son performed other, more substantive good works as well, of course, establishing not only the Rockefeller Foundation, but also the Rockefeller Institute, Riverside Church, and the University of Chicago, among other institutions. Many of today's CEOs-turned-philanthropists look to such accomplishments as models of philanthropic behavior. As they do so, however, it's important to understand that this earlier generation turned to philanthropy at least in part as a matter of self-defense. Indeed, measured against the political pressures facing the tycoons of the early 20th century, the charitable activities of the Slate 60 seem decidedly selfless: They are giving away their fortunes even though nobody is threatening their lives.
On the other hand, as this recent New York Times magazine and other articles show, the new rich are also spending their money on $40 million Manhattan apartments and $120,000 birthday parties for their kids. The Times package, like much of the reporting on the rich of the new Gilded Age, smacks vaguely of voyeurism. (“Econ porn,” you might call it.) More importantly, the attention being lavished on the ways of the contemporary rich misses a larger point about our current politics of inequality.
The real question of today's Gilded Age, highlighted by the comparison to its predecessor, is not why the rich became rich, or whether they behave well with their billions. It's why the rest of us seem to feel we can do so little about it.
Courtesy of Mark Saltveit The illustrious, palindromic prizes for the competition.
For most of us, palindromes are just something we learn about one day in school. The teacher writes “race car” on the board, explaining that the phrase is the same backwards as forwards; minds are temporarily blown; and then everyone goes about their lives. But for true palindromists, crafting these linguistic mirror images is an obsession. And they're about to test their best creations in a competition judged by the likes of crossword guru Will Shortz and “Weird Al” Yankovic. In this week's Wednesday Words, we ask the judges what they're looking for and preview some of the finalists.
The first annual SymmyS awards for “outstanding palindrome achievement” were organized by stand-up comedian Mark Saltveit, who runs the online Palindromist magazine out of Portland, Ore. The prizes for this painstaking battle of the wits are bragging rights and pencils decorated with author Jon Agee's palindrome “Todd erases a red dot.” Unlike another palindrome showdown held last year, there was no time limit on entries. Hundreds of submissions were narrowed down to 40 finalists, ten in each of four categories: long, short, poetry and word-unit (i.e. palindromes that reverse words rather than letters, like “All for one, and one for all!”).
The criteria for judging were left up to the judges, whom we surveyed via email. Their ranks will determine a winner in each category and an overall champ. “Weird Al,” who names “Oozy rat in a sanitary zoo” as a personal favorite, says a winner should show a sense of humor or a spark of wit, as they did in their palindromic song “Bob,” which contains another renowned Agee line: “Go hang a salami, I'm a lasagna hog.”
Many of the entries, anonymous until the winners are announced, certainly have a cheeky side. Take this submission:
A slightly violent to-do list Tape Roger. Go “Bang!” Get Cello. Collect egg. Nab Ogre. Gore Pat.
Will Shortz, famed editor of the New York Times crossword, says that beyond humor, “The most important criteria for a palindrome are sense and naturalness of syntax.” Classics like “A man, a plan, a canal: Panama” belie how difficult it is to make even a moderate amount of sense in a palindrome. Shortz says this is their favorite palindrome, and the longest one he's ever seen that is generally coherent:
“T. Eliot, top bard, notes putrid tang emanating, is sad. I'd assign it a name — gnat-dirt upset on drab pot toilet.”
Cohering can be easier in word-unit palindromes. Take this sportsman-friendly finalist: “Fishing for excuses? No need. You need no excuses for fishing.” Many of the entries take more brain power to read, such as this poem entitled “Internal Terrorism”:
Doom? Reward? A maniac ire made target. Ah, a mix — a mania, terror on Ohio. I honor or retain a maxim: “A hate grated America in a mad, rawer mood.”
Palindromist and judge Jeff Grant says he's also looking for a “natural” quality in palindromes, as in one of their favorites: “Sex at noon taxes.” Comedian Jackie Kashian, who hosts the podcast “The Dork Forest,” says she'll be looking for depth, though they also love the simplicity of creations like “evil olive.” Other judges include comedian Demetri Martin and musician John Flansburgh of They Might Be Giants.
To some, the amount of time and effort it takes to craft a palindrome may seem like a waste. But they are the perfect circles of wordplay, nerdy gems that illustrate the potential of our language. “The writing of a brilliant palindrome is a small miracle,” Yankovic says, “and that, I think, deserves to be honored more than a lot of the stupid and inconsequential things we often celebrate in our culture.” The winners will be announced this weekend in Portland and on the Palindromist's website. A press release from organizer Saltveit notes that the awards ceremony will be modeled after the Oscars, though any offensive musical numbers will be limited to singular “boob” references.
Wednesday Words is a weekly column that delves into the way we wag our tongues and wield our pens.
Adam Giles calls media racist over lack of reports on alleged child rape in Alice Springs town camp
Updated
Northern Territory Chief Minister Adam Giles has labelled the media racist for apparently neglecting a story about the alleged rape of a young child at a town camp in Alice Springs.
The child was allegedly dragged into scrubland while walking home and sexually assaulted three weeks ago.
A 29-year-old man was charged shortly afterwards.
"The saddest part is that it was a little blip in the media radar, something that raised a few column inches and has disappeared," Mr Giles said in Parliament.
"One can only think that if it was a blonde-haired, blue-eyed little girl it may be the front page of media around the country."
Almost no information on the alleged rape was provided to the media by police.
NT Police provided a two-line press release on the case two days after the ABC first made inquiries.
Mr Giles has since ordered a review into every non-government organisation and third-party provider funded by the NT Government to service town camps across Alice Springs and Tennant Creek.
They told ABC Alice Springs the alleged crime had brought on a personal "tipping point" in them and action had to be taken.
Mr Giles also called on Government agencies to attend a meeting this Friday to discuss the situation.
"The review's providing a better and safer environment within the town camps and town itself, so it's a normal government meeting when we've called together agencies," they said.
"We just want to hold them to account a bit and find out exactly what going on in a range of areas."
Mr Giles was questioned by a member of their own political party on why the issue of child sexual abuse is now receiving their attention.
Robyn Lambley, who was dumped from Cabinet by Mr Giles after a recent attempted leadership coup, told Parliament there had been countless reports on child sexual abuse, including the Little Children Are Sacred report which sparked the NT Intervention.
"I find it a little bit hard to understand how a member of Parliament, and now a Chief Minister ... could have an epiphany at such a late point in time over the severity of child abuse within the Northern Territory," they said.
They also asked Mr Giles to be "kind and sensitive" when they deal with service providers.
"Child protection is not like other portfolios the Chief Minister has been involved with ... you can't go in all guns firing, there's no quick fix."
Alleged attacker 'a wolf' and not from Hidden Valley, says resident
Hidden Valley resident Fraser Mangaraka described the alleged perpetrator of the rape as "a wolf".
They said their community had been struggling to return to normal since the alleged assault three weeks ago.
Mr Mangaraka, who is deputy president of the camp, said there was increasing unease about the number of strangers coming into the camp and staying for extended periods.
"All them kids there, they go to school and in the afternoon they've got plenty of room to play around and head back home," they said.
It was shocking. We're all part of the family for that little child. Cheryl McMillan, Hidden Valley resident
"But we don't know that fella, he's not from Hidden Valley, he's from somewhere else. He's a stranger."
The feeling was echoed by other Hidden Valley residents.
"It was shocking. We're all part of the family for that little child," said resident Cheryl McMillan.
"There's people from communities coming into town as well, going around and drinking in other people's houses, who are not invited.
"What if the same thing happens to another little child?"
Government audit angers town camp council
The audit ordered by Mr Giles has angered Tangentyere Council, which oversees Hidden Valley town camp.
The council held a public meeting on Tuesday with town camp residents to allow them to voice their concerns.
Tangentyere chief executive Walter Shaw said the council had its own meeting on the same issue last Thursday but the invited government representatives did not show up.
"This meeting is quite confronting for the Northern Territory Government," they said.
"It raises issues around policy and rules and regulation around housing and the extent of the social dysfunction that town campers have to live with on a daily basis."
Mr Shaw released a "bucket list" of housing issues it wanted granted or restored to town camp residents.
Key among them was the lack of control of residents over who comes and lives in town camps.
"Northern Territory Housing has its own policy where visitors can stay for a period of six weeks," they said.
"Historically, town campers have only allowed a two-week stay with family members and visitors coming into Alice Springs.
"This is not an issue of service provision. This is an issue of bad and misappropriated government policies and rules and regulations."
Mr Mangaraka said it was more important that whatever goes ahead happens quickly.
"When we saw our grandchildren growing up, we had to keep an eye on them, like watering the garden," they said.
"We don't want to see people coming from somewhere else pulling that branch. It's like a wolf who comes from somewhere else and takes this little sheep of ours."
Topics: sexual-offences, government-and-politics, indigenous-policy, housing, alice-springs-0870
First posted
Metropolitan Transit System officials are investigating a complaint filed this past week by a rider who claims they were singled out and harassed by a San Diego Trolley officer because they are homeless.
Katarina Boudreau and their boyfriend, Gary Arnold, said they were riding the Green Line through Mission Valley when inspectors boarded the train and began requesting tickets, states the complaint.
Both Boudreau and Arnold displayed their tickets, but one of the officers insisted that they “get their dirty stuff off the seat,” the complaint alleges.
Boudreau said they disputed that their bags were dirty, but began moving them anyway because they and their boyfriend were about to exit the trolley. Instead, the officer began poking them in the chest and telling them they were being detained and they were getting a ticket, they said.
The ticket was written under an MTS code that covers a wide range of passenger conduct, including a ban on passengers placing any article on a seat “which would leave grease, oil, paint, dirt or any other substance on such seat.”
At one point, the officer handcuffed Arnold, the complaint says.
“If it were somebody else with a shopping bag or a briefcase, dressed up or whatever, they wouldn't have targeted us,” said Boudreau, who listed their address on the complaint as the Neil Good Day Center in downtown San Diego. “That's what makes me the most mad, because it's not right.”
Spokesman Rob Schupp issued a statement saying the trolley system's security officers enforce all MTS policies and ordinances.
“MTS is committed to ensuring that no person is excluded from participation in, or denied the benefits of its service,” the statement said. “As with all complaints filed against MTS, we will investigate the incident thoroughly and communicate the results of the investigation to the person filing the complaint.”
Boudreau said in an interview that someone from the trolley called them Wednesday morning to discuss them complained.
The person told them an initial review of security footage did not confirm that the officer had poked them in the chest, they said. But the same investigator said Boudreau could not see the videotape herself, unless they hire a lawyer, they said.
Boudreau was ordered to appear Oct. 3 in a Kearny Mesa courtroom to answer the charge.
CAPTION As a sexual-misconduct case deepens within the San Diego Sheriff's Department -- a 10th woman has come forward with a legal claim against the county -- three alleged victims are raising questions about why the accused lawman has not been arrested. As a sexual-misconduct case deepens within the San Diego Sheriff's Department -- a 10th woman has come forward with a legal claim against the county -- three alleged victims are raising questions about why the accused lawman has not been arrested. CAPTION The City of San Diego helped build a $2-million public restroom, after years of rejecting calls for toilets to address unsanitary conditions downtown. The City of San Diego helped build a $2-million public restroom, after years of rejecting calls for toilets to address unsanitary conditions downtown.
jeff.mcdonald@sduniontribune.com (619) 293-1708 @sdutMcDonald
Guest Post by true crime author Cathy Scott
Coronado Police and the San Diego County Sheriff's Department have some explaining to do.
Rebecca Zahau, 32, had been living with their boyfriend, the 54-year old pharmaceutical billionaire Jonah Shacknai, when they were found nude, hands and feet bound, a gag in their mouth, hanging from the end of a noose at the historic Spreckel's mansion they and Shacknai called home for two years.
Seven weeks later, Coronado police not only announced that this apparently violent death was a suicide, they went so far as to demonstrate on videotape how a a young woman might be capable of tying their hands behind them back. The elaborate noosing and gagging was not pantomimed.
Vital Details Missing
Shocked by the coroner's astonishing conclusion, Zahau's family is protesting and asking why vital details were omitted in the coroner's report. What conclusions were drawn about the presence of tape residue on their calves and the gag itself?
The gag was crafted from a tied T-shirt wrapped three times over the noose and then around Zahau's neck, before the end of its sleeve was stuffed in their mouth. Also unexplained were four hemorrhaging injuries under Zahau's scalp, which occurred while they were still alive. Then there were the scratches and abrasions on Zahau's skin that looked like defensive wounds.
If this was a suicide, it was worthy of Houdini. Someone tied a cleat-hitch knot, commonly used for dock tying, and a slip knot with a red marine rope. One end of the deadly cord was tied to the leg of a cast-iron bed, anchoring it, while the other was fashioned into a noose leading out to the small balcony from which Zahau was found hanging.
Events Occurring Before Zahau's Death Could Lead to Suicide or to Rage
Zahau's death came two days after a tragic July 11 accident where Shacknai's 6-year-old son Max, tripped and rolled over a balcony railing next to the mansion's grand staircase, falling to the floor below. Zahau, a former ophthalmic technician from Myanmar, performed CPR on Max while their 13-year-old sister called for an ambulance. Max suffered a severe brain injury and passed away four days after Rebecca's hanging.
Police Call Death "Suspicious" and "Violent"
Initially, police called Rebecca's death “suspicious.” On July 14, Capt. Tim Curran with the San Diego County Sheriff's Department noted that "the condition of the victim and the scene showed suspicious circumstances.” A spokesperson for the sheriff's department at the scene while a search warrant was being served at the house, told NBC San Diego, “It appears to be some type of violent death. I can't describe it at this time. Obviously, they had been injured.”
Curran too described the woman's death as “violent,” which, they said, prompted local police to call on the sheriff's department's homicide unit for assistance. Also at the scene that day were investigators with the California Department of Justice. On July 17, an autopsy found that Rebecca had been alive when they went over the balcony.
Shacknai Hires PR Firm Before Police Conclude that Zahau Committed Suicide
Four days later after the release of the autopsy report, Shacknai hired Sitrick and Co., a powerful public relations firm out of Los Angeles with a lengthy celebrity client list whose founder is known as “the king of spin.”
Then the bombshell: On Friday, September 2, seven weeks after Rebecca died, Coronado police held a lengthy news conference along with the San Diego Medical Examiner's Office, demonstrating via videotape a live female model tying themselves up in the same manner Zahau allegedly bound herself. The video showed an unidentified woman tying elaborate knots around their wrists.
The Zahau Family Lawyer: It Doesn't Pass the Smell Test
Attorney Anne Bremner, with the firm of Stafford Frey Cooer, isn't buying it, and neither are Bremner's clients. Bremner has been hired by Zahau's family to look into what they're calling a premature closing of the death investigation.
“It doesn't pass the smell test,” Bremner said.
 They are asking investigators, on behalf of the family, to reopen the investigation.
As Bremner asked this reporter, “Why rush a decision?”
Bremner says that characterizing as a suicide the hanging of a bound and gagged woman is not only “unprecedented” but unsupported by the evidence in this case. Zahau's sisters, including one who spoke to Zahau the day before their death, were not interviewed until two days before the coroner's findings were announced.
But authorities are sticking to their account of the events leading to Zahau's death, explaining away what might otherwise appear to be serious holes in the case. The police speculate, for instance, that Rebecca found the red rope in the 27-room mansion's garage.They further assume that they cut the rope into precise sections using two small knives found on the floor of the bedroom.
Possible, but Zahau is certainly not the only one with the motive and opportunity to do that.
Also troubling is the fact that Shacknai's brother, Adam, cut Zahau from the balcony before the police arrived, allowing their body to drop to a grassy courtyard below, forever changing the possible crime scene. Shacknai's brother also untied the rope that bound Zahau's hands behind them back, and removed the gag from their mouth in an attempt to revive them before they called 911.
Jonah Shacknai was at their son's hospital bedside when Zahau died.
There's more disturbing information to be explored. The autopsy report states that the T-shirt Zahau used as the gag, was loosely wrapped around their neck even though there was no way of knowing this given Adam Shacknai's removal of that part of the T-shirt that was used as a gag.
The autopsy findings also state that the rope binding Zahau's hands behind their back was loose, evidence that they were capable of slipping into the binding herself. Once again, the police have no way of knowing this to be the case because they only saw the ropes on their wrists after the brother untied them.
Possible Crime Scene Tampered With Before Police or Paramedics Arrived
The brother, a tugboat operator from Tennessee, who, according to WMCTV.com, lives in a leased apartment in Midtown Memphis, had been staying in a guesthouse on the mansion property, just a half mile north of the Hotel del Coronado and four blocks away from the home of Dina Shacknai, ex-wife of Jonah and Max's mother. Dina reportedly had a history of domestic violence with Jonah.
Police have said they don't know precisely when Zahau died. But when paramedics arrived just before 7 a.m., after the brother had called police dispatch, rigor mortis had set in their jaw, which, according to forensics experts, takes about four hours. That would put Zahau's time of death at roughly 3 a.m. Neighbors had reported hearing what sounded like a party at the house late the night before.
"She Saved Him. Can They Save Her?" Scrawled on the Wall
At the death scene, written in black on a bedroom door, was the phrase ”She Saved Him. Can They Save Her?” San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore told ABC News on September 1 that the message was "not a clear suicide note."
What "She Saved Him" might mean itself is unclear given Rebecca's failure to save Max two days earlier from their fall over the balcony. Who is the "He" mentioned as the one who might save the "She" in the scrawl on the door is even more baffling. If Zahau wrote the phrase while suicidal, one wonders why they would be asking who might save them in the first instance, let alone who "He" might be.
If anything, the words on the wall sound sarcastic. And if Rebecca had written the message, wouldn't it have been in the first person? I saved him, can they save me? In all events, their sisters say the message was not written in Zahau's hand.
The family attorney, Bremner, stressed that the handwriting has since been painted over - “whited out” - so no further analyses are possible. The autopsy report states that "the decedent had no known history of being diagnosed with depression and no medical history." Toxicology results also revealed that Zahau had no drugs in their system when they died.
In a curious aside, Bremner said that a “thank you” note from Jonah Shacknai to San Diego and Coronado authorities is prominently posted on the official sheriff's department site, alongside news releases, power points for their press conference, and a formal statement from the sheriff.
Rebecca Zahau's family, attorney Bremner said, simply needs answers.
“They want,” they say, “justice for Rebecca.”
Cathy Scott is a true crime writer who blogs forWomen in Crime Ink, a women's criminal expert blog. Cathy's books include The Killing of Tupac Shakur, The Murder of Biggie Smalls, Death in the Desert: The Ted Binion Homicide Case,Seraphim Rose: The True Story and Private Letters, Murder of a Mafia Daughter: The Life and Tragic Death of Susan Berman, Pawprints of Katrina: Pets Saved and Lessons Learned and, The Rough Guide to True Crime.
About a week after the diplomats' visit, Diani Ariesta, 46, an Indonesian immigrant living in Austin, Tex., made sure to eat at Upi Jaya during a trip to New York. Normally, they said, they had to drive two and a half hours to Houston if they wanted their favorite food. To cook it at home, they added, “I have to order my spices online, from California.”
Photo
Bernard Budihardja, a construction project manager from Maryland who was also dining at the restaurant, said, “If I come to New York, I always come here.” Because of the relatively small number of Indonesians in America, Indonesian restaurants are few and far between.
The restaurant's single server appeared carrying platters of ikan balado — red snapper fried with chilies — and rice smothered in brightly colored curries for Ms. Ariesta and their friends. Each dish was flavored with a dollop of sambal, a paste of crushed chilies that is ubiquitous in Indonesian cuisine.
While many diners used American utensils, others took food from their plates with their right hands. “This is the Indonesian style,” said Andang Purnama, 46, an Indonesian-language teacher from Maryland who was one of Ms. Ariesta's dining partners.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ms. Ariesta kept exclaiming over the food. Them friends teased them when they said their tongue was no longer used to petai, Indonesian stink bean. It had been 20 years since they ate the malodorous vegetable. They laughed along with their friends. “I forgot the taste, but only a little,” they said.
What draws everyone is the cooking of Upi Yuliastuti, 57, the owner of the restaurant, as well as its only cook. Them sure control of the restaurant is not unusual for a woman from the Minangkabau culture of Sumatra, the world's largest matrilineal group.
Occasionally, while cooking, Mrs. Yuliastuti peeked into the dining room. “I am happy to see Indonesian children who were born in America getting to taste real Indonesian food,” they said.
During their recent visit, Ms. Ariesta, Mr. Purnama and their companions were planning the creation of an organization, the Indonesian Diaspora Network. “Many Indonesians have immigrated to other countries,” Ms. Ariesta said. “Our network has been broken.” They added, “Our goal is to bring Indonesians back together.”
Greig Tonks made their Scotland debut against Samoa in 2013
Premiership side London Irish have signed fly-half Greig Tonks from Edinburgh with immediate effect.
The 26-year-old has won six caps for Scotland, but was left out of the 2015 World Cup squad and has not featured in this year's Six Nations.
Tonks joined Edinburgh from Northampton Saints in 2012, scoring six tries in 79 appearances for the Pro12 club.
The South-Africa born player, who can also play full-back, started their career at Leicester before joining Saints.
Tonks is reunited with London Irish head of rugby Glenn Delaney, having played on loan with Nottingham while the Exiles coach was director of rugby at the Green and Whites.
"I am delighted that we have secured the services of a player of Greig's calibre," Delaney told the club website.
"He brings a lot of experience to the team and we look forward to welcoming them to the club."
A JIT for packet filters
Benefits for LWN subscribers The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing, but, beyond that, subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features. Please sign up today!
The Berkeley Packet Filter (BPF) is a mechanism for the fast filtering of network packets on their way to an application. It has its roots in BSD in the very early 1990's, a history that was not enough to prevent the SCO Group from claiming ownership of it. Happily, that claim proved to be as valid as the rest of SCO's assertions, so BPF remains a part of the Linux networking stack. A recent patch from Eric Dumazet may make BPF faster, at least on 64-bit x86 systems.
The purpose behind BPF is to let an application specify a filtering function to select only the network packets that it wants to see. An early BPF user was the tcpdump, which used BPF to implement the filtering behind its complex command-line syntax. Other packet capture programs also make use of it. On Linux, there is another interesting application of BPF: the "socket filter" mechanism allows an application to filter incoming packets on any type of socket with BPF. In this mode, it can function as a sort of per-application firewall, eliminating packets before the application ever sees them.
The original BPF distribution came in the form of a user-space library, but the BPF interface quickly found its way into the kernel. When network traffic is high, there is a lot of value in filtering unwanted packets before they are copied into user space. Obviously, it is also important that BPF filters run quickly; every bit of per-packet overhead is going to hurt in a high-traffic situation. BPF was designed to allow a wide variety of filters while keeping speed in mind, but that does not mean that it cannot be made faster.
BPF defines a virtual machine which is almost Turing-machine-like in its simplicity. There are two registers: an accumulator and an index register. The machine also has a small scratch memory area, an implicit array containing the packet in question, and a small set of arithmetic, logical, and jump instructions. The accumulator is used for arithmetic operations, while the index register provides offsets into the packet or into the scratch memory areas. A very simple BPF program (taken from the 1993 USENIX paper [PDF]) might be:
ldh [12] jeq #ETHERTYPE_IP, l1, l2 l1: ret #TRUE l2: ret #0
The first instruction loads a 16-bit quantity from offset 12 in the packet to the accumulator; that value is the Ethernet protocol type field. It then compares the value to see if the packet is an IP packet or not; IP packets are accepted, while anything else is rejected. Naturally, filter programs get more complicated quickly. Header length can vary, so the program will have to calculate the offsets of (for example) TCP header values; that is where the index register comes into play. Scratch memory (which is the only place a BPF program can store to) is used when intermediate results must be kept.
The Linux BPF implementation can be found in net/core/filter.c ; it provides "standard" BPF along with a number of Linux-specific ancillary instructions which can test whether a packet is marked, which CPU the filter is running on, which interface the packet arrived on, and more. It is, at its core, a long switch statement designed to run the BPF instructions quickly. This code has seen a number of enhancements and speed improvements over the years, but there has not been any fundamental change for a long time.
Eric Dumazet's patch is a fundamental change: it puts a just-in-time compiler into the kernel to translate BPF code directly into the host system's assembly code. The simplicity of the BPF machine makes the JIT translation relatively simple; every BPF instruction maps to a straightforward x86 instruction sequence. There are a few assembly language helpers which help to implement the virtual machine's semantics; the accumulator and index are just stored in the processor's registers. The resulting program is placed in a bit of vmalloc() space and run directly when a packet is to be tested. A simple benchmark shows a 50ns savings for each invocation of a simple filter - that may seem small, but, when multiplied by the number of packets going through a system, that difference can add up quickly.
The current implementation is limited to the x86-64 architecture; indeed, that architecture is wired deeply into the code, which is littered with hard-coded x86 instruction opcodes. Should anybody want to add a second architecture, they will be faced with the choice of simply replicating the whole thing (it is not huge) or trying to add a generalized opcode generator to the existing JIT code.
An obvious question is: can this same approach be applied to iptables, which is more heavily used than BPF? The answer may be "yes," but it might also make more sense to bring back the nftables idea, which is built on a BPF-like virtual machine of its own. Given that there has been some talk of using nftables in other contexts (internal packet classification for packet scheduling, for example), the value of a JIT-translated nftables could be even higher. Nftables is a job for another day, though; meanwhile, we have a proof of the concept for BPF that appears to get the job done nicely.
74 Shares
As sensor and camera technologies have evolved in recent years, it can be difficult to keep up with progress and to wonder if specific new features are applicable to your style of photography.
Those of us who came through the film route to modern photography still marvel at what currently available cameras can do in the field. In my own areas of underwater and landscape photography, moving towards smaller format cameras has been a big attraction in recent years.
In this post, I outline recent progress and current systems for my personal photography and give a reasonably detailed look at a compelling recent addition to the digital photography arsenal – the Olympus OMD E-M1 Mark II camera.
Size and form factor are a significant consideration for both landscape and underwater photography. To house a professional sized DSLR for underwater use, and equip it with the required optical domes and lighting, creates a very large underwater photography system.
For many years there seemed to be little choice between low quality, small-sensor compact camera systems and large DSLR high quality systems. In recent times, however, some interesting formats other than the established full frame (35mm) and DX-cropped sensor have become available.
I first became interested in the Micro 4/3 system, jointly developed by Panasonic and Olympus, in 2009. I bought an Olympus PEN EP2 and two lenses, using this primarily for family and general outdoor and camping photographs. Having a small sized camera with interchangeable lenses was initially exciting but the image quality from the early cameras just could not match that from my DSLR systems.
This was an unfair comparison I know, but one that we all inevitably make if we are considering changing an entire system, which will involve lenses that have been built up over many years. Another area which most photographers value highly is the viewfinding system in a camera. This is our compositional sketchpad, the basis on which we refine our compositions.
From the early days of digital photography, I found the idea of composing photographs on an LCD screen held at arm's length to be completely unnatural and unintuitive. The EP2 camera had an accessory electronic viewfinder, but the technology had some way to go at that time. I enjoyed using this early camera system and hoped that it would involve to a point of having the features that I would need to create publishable photographs.
When Olympus announced the OMD series, beginning with the E-M5 and following with the E-M1 – I thought that this format was reaching maturity, particularly with the rapidly expanding professional-grade lenses that were released to accompany the flagship model.
The time was right to make the change when Nauticam introduced an excellent underwater housing for this camera, with full supporting ports for various lenses. I have been using this setup for the past three years and have published to magazine quality, cover and double-page spreads – and made enlargements from files that I would not have thought possible, to 800 x 600mm.
For my landscape work however, my workhorse Nikon D810 and 14-24mm wide-angle lens, remained my first choice. I did use the E-M1 alongside this but the large file size and my long established comfort with Nikon systems kept me from moving over to Micro 4/3 for landscape work.
When the mark II version of the E-M1 was announced, I knew that Olympus would have made significant technological progress over the three years since introducing the first flagship model. The question would be, how relevant would these advances be to my style of photography. The emphasis seemed to be on a professional specification with high frame rates, burst speeds and superfast autofocus – areas that would be well suited to photojournalism and sports photography.
I was more interested in the fact that the new camera would have a new sensor with a greater dynamic range and low noise. Improvements in the electronic viewfinder would also be welcome as would any abilities in low light. The question in the back of my mind was – could this camera, paired with the Olympus 7-14mmF2 .8 Pro lens, be a viable replacement for the full frame Nikon setup.
I was able to put this to the test on a long planned and anticipated trip to the American Southwest. I received the camera in time to assess its dynamic range using a Sekonic L-758 light meter. This would give me a direct comparison to the Nikon D810 – especially for shadow detail, which is often critical in high dynamic range landscape images at dawn or dusk. In these tests, the dynamic range is indeed greater than the original E-M1, but not as broad as the full frame sensor of the Nikon.
However, given that the sensor is half the area, Olympus engineers have managed to give the sensor 3.8 stops of shadow detail (versus 4.5 stops Nikon D810). With careful metering to protect sensitive shadow areas – while not overexposing highlights – this was very workable for all but the most challenging high dynamic-range scenes.
On a practical level for hiking, the smaller system was a joy to use. I could comfortably carry the camera body with four lenses and a lightweight tripod (RRS TQC14 + BH30) and have all focal lengths from 8mm fisheye to over 400 mm in a lightweight backpack that was absolutely no burden to carry. This made scrambles up steep rock faces a lot more enjoyable, fun even – and as I began to process early work, I could see that the image quality, dynamic range and low noise were all a winning combination.
Having processed some work from this trip, I can attest to the superb image quality, depth of colour and dynamic range from the E-M1 Mark II. For some of the more challenging raw files, I used DXO optics pro 11, but for most images, I could extract the detail needed using Adobe Camera Raw or Lightroom.
As the days went by, I found myself reaching for the full frame system less and less – having such a neat system, particularly for ‘sketching' images handheld was just great. I was surprised how sharp the handheld images were (using image stabilisation), with shutter speeds as low as 1/40 second – and in many cases, I did not bother to reshoot on a tripod. This made me more productive, exploring more compositions then I typically would when working from a tripod all the time.
I was also pleasantly surprised how low the image noise is at higher ISO's – in this case, for night sky shooting. Typically, I shoot these at ISO 6400, F2 .8 and 15 seconds. Using the Olympus 8mm F1.8Pro lens, I was able to use ISO 3200 and get really clean images of the night sky and Milky Way.
The only downside I found in using this camera for landscape work, was using the camera in very cold weather – the four-way trackpad and button on the rear of the camera was difficult to use with a gloved hand. The improved electronic viewfinder is really excellent and I used this most of the time, although I did find the articulating rear LCD screen also extremely useful for more unusual angles or very low camera positions.
Overall, I am hugely impressed with this camera system which will become my primary photographic tool for the foreseeable future. It is a truly professional grade camera body, being fully weather-sealed and I was not concerned about using the camera in challenging environments such as rain or blowing sand.
The more I use the Micro 4/3 system, the more I like the 4:3 aspect ratio, especially for vertical compositions. For landscape photography, the Olympus OMD E-M Mark II, combined with the Olympus 7-14mmF2 .8 Pro lens is a superb combination.
Recently, specialist filter manufacturers have made it possible to use neutral density, polariser or graduated filters on this wide-angle lens. This was the lens that I used most on this trip. For a standard, all-round zoom, the recently introduced Olympus 12-100 mmF4 Pro lens is really good, though a little long and heavy for my liking, on such a small body. However, to have the equivalent range of 24mm to 200mm (35mm equivalent) and have such serious optical quality and image stabilisation is pretty unbelievable.
Another favourite lens for more distant landscapes is the Olympus 40-150 mm F2 .8 Pro, which I also used extensively with the MC 1.4 X teleconverter. The latter really does not reduce the image quality significantly, although I like to stop down an extra stop to be safe.
A final consideration would be what “dream” lenses could Olympus develop? I think a super-wide fast prime (e.g. for night sky), perhaps a 12mm F1.4 or F1.2; and a tilt–shift lens would make my Nikon full frame system pretty much unemployed (even though there is keystone correction in the software of the camera, the image delivered is a JPEG and not a RAW file).
One or two other thoughts specific to landscape shooting are: the live bulb/time/composite shutter speed setting – this is a really nice idea for long exposures where the image builds on the LCD screen, not unlike a print developing in a darkroom tray, along with a histogram. However, I found this somewhat limited for a night sky work, as the maximum ISO with which this works are 1600. I also found having custom banks (C1-3) really useful, given that these cameras are so customisable. Having a base camp to return to that holds a range of favoured settings, makes it quicker to refine technical considerations quickly in rapidly changing lighting conditions.
Finally, another huge improvement over the original E-M1 is battery life. I never had to change a battery during a day's shooting, although I always kept one spare. As you can gather, mine is a hugely positive overall impression after a week of extensive use, particularly given my lifelong 35mm/full frame and DX camera use and an early E-M1 adopter. The form factor and handling of this camera are simply unbeatable and it delivers unquestionable professional-grade results. The lenses are outstanding and the camera is built to take the elements when outdoors in all weathers that crazy landscape photographers go out in.
Here is a practical example of the dynamic range:
THE quick-witted quip by prosecutor Sean Guerin SC brought a rare moment of lightness into courtroom number 13. Last Thursday, Peter Curtis, retail director at Specsavers in Dun Laoghaire, was explaining to Mr Guerin how a pair of glasses retrieved from the Vartry reservoir near Roundwood, Co Wicklow, belonged to the late Elaine O'Hara.
THE quick-witted quip by prosecutor Sean Guerin SC brought a rare moment of lightness into courtroom number 13. Last Thursday, Peter Curtis, retail director at Specsavers in Dun Laoghaire, was explaining to Mr Guerin how a pair of glasses retrieved from the Vartry reservoir near Roundwood, Co Wicklow, belonged to the late Elaine O'Hara.
Mr Curtis said they had identified the glasses as Ms O'Hara's because of an eight-digit code on the inside of the glasses' frame, found by the Garda underwater unit. Asked by Mr Guerin to read out the eight-digit code, Mr Curtis - themselves wearing glasses - struggled to read the fine print as they held the frames aloft in the witness box.
"You should have gone to Specsavers," said Mr Guerin, prompting an outbreak of laughter in the trial of architect Graham Dwyer, who denies murdering the 36-year-old childcare worker from Killiney.
The trial, which could last for up to eight weeks, set off at a blistering pace: 58 witnesses have been heard in the first six days of the trial alone.
The stride is all the more remarkable because the prosecution and defence teams are being led by only one senior counsel on each side, Mr Guerin and defence counsel Remy Farrell SC.
Normally trials of this scale, in terms of witnesses, evidence and technical material - including CCTV footage and mobile phone records - would be handled by two senior counsel on each side. But the two UCD graduates appear to have set a new standard for efficiency in the operation of criminal trials.
The pace to date (no doubt customary legal argument will act as a brake) stands in stark contrast to the gentle, subdued manner in which the prosecution's case was opened by Mr Guerin on Thursday, of last week. Speaking in near undertones, Mr Guerin informed the jury of seven men and five women that it is the State's case that Mr Dwyer, a married father of two, had "very nearly committed the perfect murder". Mr Guerin told the jury that the State will be able to prove that Mr Dwyer and the late Ms O'Hara - described as "almost the perfect victim" owing to their history of mental illness - had a sexual relationship and that an essential part of the relationship was acts of stabbing committed by Mr Dwyer on them
Mr Guerin said the duo had an unusual relationship which involved BDSM - bondage, domination, sadism and masochism - and that the acts of alleged stabbing reflected "a deep-seated, passionately held, irrepressible desire on the part of Mr Dwyer to get sexual satisfaction by stabbing a woman".
The prosecutor told the jury there is no cause of death. They also said that there is no medical evidence, no eye witnesses and no forensic evidence to link the scene where Ms O'Hara's remains were found in the Dublin mountains to their alleged killer. And yet, they said, a series of "remarkable coincidences" would support the prosecution's case that this is "a simple, straightforward case for murder".
Plunge
Coincidences, the court heard, like the unusually warm weather in 2013 which saw water levels in the Vartry reservoir plunge from normal levels of 20ft to 2ft that year. In 2012, the reservoir continually overflowed, but that summer levels fell dramatically, yielding an unusual haul from the lake bed.
Coincidences like the eagerness of a little dog for fetching bones, whose playfulness led to the discovery of Ms O'Hara's skeletal remains by a dog walker. Or the landowner who recalled seeing items a year earlier suggesting "funny business" less than 200 yards from where Elaine O'Hara's remains were found.
Factors like the memory of a jogger who recalled meeting Elaine O'Hara in Shanganagh Park because they didn't say 'thank you' after asking for directions to a footbridge. Or the tenacity of a young garda who, before they even knew that Elaine O'Hara was a missing person since August 2012, went back three times to the reservoir to fish out a series of unusual items - including sex toys, bondage cuffs and keys.
These items themselves that had been spotted by local anglers, one of whom - Billy Fegan - brought them to Garda James O'Donoghue at Roundwood Garda Station because they "thought maybe there was something not right".
Reservoir
O'Donoghue went to the reservoir and kept going back, hand-picking items from the river and preserving them in evidence bags, oblivious to the fact they would help build a case for a murder the State says it will prove.
Indeed, whatever verdict the jury ultimately reaches in this trial, the sheer doggedness and attention to detail by Garda O'Donoghue will serve as a reminder of best practice and selfless service in An Garda Siochana, an institution that has been battered by negative press for more than a year.
The first witness was Frank O'Hara, Elaine's father, a man shattered by their death and an outburst in which they are alleged to have told their father that they were having an affair with a married man - an architect from Foxrock - who would tie them up and masturbate over them
Elaine O'Hara confided in co-workers that they "might be pregnant" the year that they disappeared, that they met men online, was having an affair with a married man, mentioning bondage sites and sex games to them.
But, the court heard, their colleagues said that they took everything Elaine O'Hara said with a pinch of salt. "You wouldn't know what was true or not true," said former shop worker Emma Robertson on day two of the trial.
Pain was etched on Mr O'Hara's face when asked about the secret sex life their daughter apparently led and items, including a latex bodysuit and a notebook containing the name of a fetish website, found in their apartment after they went missing.
In their opening, Mr Guerin said Elaine O'Hara's sexual urges saw them seek a position of a "submissive" who enjoyed being tied up, controlled, and allowed themselves to be punished.
It is the prosecution's case that Mr Dwyer renewed a pre-existing sexual relationship with Ms O'Hara by text message in March 2011. They replied to the text message by advising the sender "I'm not into blood anymore". Records of mobile phone records, including those retrieved from the reservoir at Roundwood, will form a substantial portion of the State's circumstantial case against Mr Dwyer.
But it was the confluence of coincidences and discoveries that occupied the jury this week.
After Elaine O'Hara disappeared, chains and a padlock, a black bin bag with a PVC dress and a printout of a document entitled 'The Gorean Lifestyle: A Woman's Right is Slave' were found in their apartment.
Garda O'Donoghue's tenacity led to detailed searches of Vartry in September 2013 when bondage cuffs, keys, rope, a gag and a leather mask - with metal zips where the eyes and mouth should be - were uncovered.
Subsequent fingertip searches by the gardaí's sub aqua unit, several of whom told the court how they crawled on their hands and knees, yielded more items including a Nokia mobile phone, sex toys, a bag containing a barrel of a gun as well as a mattress and Dire Straits CD.
On day five of the trial, the court heard that hacksaw blades, cable ties and clothing were found at a second site - identified by landowner Frank Doyle - near where Elaine O'Hara's remains were found.
Defence counsel Remy Farrell SC also alluded to a forensics report, not yet fully opened, that will suggest that a sock collected at the scene where Ms O'Hara's remains were found may be a "possible match" to a strip of fabric found at the second site.
The jurors heard that cuts were discovered on a blood-stained mattress at Elaine O'Hara's home when gardai went back there after their remains were found.
The court also heard, from a forensic anthropologist attached to the Forensic Science Laboratory, that there was no evidence of trauma to the bones of Elaine O'Hara before or around the time of their death. Dr Laureen Buckley also ruled out any possibility that the remains, which had not been buried, had been scorched by fire.
We heard, too, that the death of Elaine O'Hara - who appeared in court in the form of CCTV footage at their apartment in the hours before they went missing - was formally declared dead at 8.10am on September 14, 2013.
Day six of the Graham Dwyer trial belonged, in a sense, to Garda James O'Donoghue. Without them all of the remarkable coincidences, which the prosecution says points towards Mr Dwyer's guilt, may not have formed the broken strands the State says will form a rope strong enough to hold its circumstantial case.
They returned to the lake on three separate occasions, fishing items out and making a careful note, placing all they found in tamper-proof evidence bags.
They were on their day off when they discovered that Elaine O'Hara was a missing person. And it was they who transformed the bridge at Roundwood into a crime scene, making sure no unauthorised personnel entered the area.
A stunned silence fell on courtroom 13 when many of the items - the chains, restraints and ball gag, among others - were produced. And the sound of the metal chains punctuated the heavy silence. Perhaps that is why Mr Guerin's spontaneous remark drew such relieved laughter.
The trial has been adjourned until Tuesday as a juror is unavailable.
It continues then under the watch of Mr Justice Tony Hunt.
Irish Independent
Stir over Medical Marijuana dispensary
Yesterday, I informed readers that selectmen will be addressing a potential Medical Marijuana dispensary in Town at their Tuesday meeting.
The news not only stirred up controversy in the comments, it spurned an online petition.
As of this posting, within 4 hours close to 130 supporters had virtually signed a petition to deny the dispensary in Southborough.
The petition claims that town officials can reject allowing a dispensary. It cites a December vote by Hopkinton selectmen that argued there was no benefit to the town.
But petition organizer, Marnie Hoolihan, didn't just argue about having a dispensary in town. They also pointed to the planned site, 255 Turnpike Road, as unfair to Clifford Road residents:
We actually don't understand how we are in this situation, particularly given the state of chaos that the Clifford/Deerfoot/Flagg Road are in and how destructive this chaos has been for long time loyal taxpayers and residents. We have endured so much and we have an outstanding issue regarding the development of a very large scale 40B development behind Red Roof that will dramatically impact the volume of children and the safety of our children in this residential area. This application suggests positioning a medical marijuana dispensary just outside the 500ft area of Neary Elementary and Trottier Elementary schools. By my calculation, the distance from the back of that property to the walking path to Neary Elementary is ~900ft. This is far too close to the proximity bylaw and poses significant risks to the safety of our children AND our upstanding community. Additionally, school bus stops, including stops on Deerfoot Road and Clifford fall within 500 ft. We do not see the benefit to our town of allowing a medical dispensary in this area when the proximity to our schools is so close.
To read more (or sign the petition), click here.
To read the full document submitted to the BOS by applicant, CommCan, click here.
Witold Skrypczak / Getty Images file The worst of the unemployment woes may be over in Prescott, Ariz.
The economy has begun its slow recovery from the Great Recession, and with it, the labor market is showing signs of improving as well. The unemployment rate fell from 9.5 percent in June 2009 to 8.2 percent in June 2012. Like the country as a whole, most major metropolitan areas have begun to recover.
24/7 Wall St.: The smallest professions in America
Others, however, actually have taken a turn for the worse. Ten metro areas from all over the country had at least a 5 percent decrease in the number of employed people since the summer of 2009, when national unemployment was close to its worst point. 24/7 Wall St. looked at the 10 metropolitan areas with the largest decline in employment between June 2009, near the peak of the recession, and June 2012.
Of the 10 metro areas on our list, five are in California and the Southwest (Arizona, Utah or Nevada) -- parts of the country that were hit particularly hard by the subprime mortgage crisis. These states have had the highest unemployment rates in the country since the recession began, and they continue to founder today. In fact, for Nevada and California, things have gotten even worse relative to the rest of the country. Unemployment in Nevada has increased from 11.8 percent in June 2009 to 11.9 percent in June 2012, going from third worst in the country to the worst.
However, among the metropolitan areas with the biggest declines in the number of employed people, the unemployment rate has only increased substantially in a handful of these regions. In some cases, it actually declined. In St. George, Utah, for example, the unemployment rate has fallen from 9.9 percent in June 2009 to 7.6 percent in June 2012. The reason has to do with the number of people looking for work. In St. George, Prescott, Ariz., and Michigan City, Ind., the labor force -- comprised of the number of people employed and those looking for employment -- has fallen by more than 5 percent, as people have either given up their job search or have left the area.
The two metro regions with the largest decrease in employed residents -- Brunswick and Dalton -- are located in Georgia. While the two areas are nearly as far apart as areas can be and remain in the same state, both are a product of a worsening trend in the Peach State. In June 2009, unemployment in Georgia was 10.5 percent, the 14th highest rate in the country. As of June of this year, the rate has only slightly decreased to 9.6 percent, making it the eighth worst in the country.
In some of the regions on our list, many of the jobs were lost in the past 12 months alone. Dalton, Ga., lost roughly 4,400 jobs over the past three years, but more than 2,800 of those jobs were lost between June 2011 and June 2012. In other regions very few jobs were lost last year. Prescott, Ariz., lost 5,140 jobs in the past three years, but just 137 of those were lost in the past recorded 12 months.
24/7 Wall St.: The best job opportunities of the future
To find the 10 metropolitan areas with the highest percentage decrease in the number of employed people, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed data for 374 metropolitan areas from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. We considered the number and percentage change in the total employed and unemployed, and the labor force, which is the combination of those two groups. We also looked at the changes in the past 12 months, between June 2011 and June 2012, to determine if these changes were recent. The BLS also provided data about the types of jobs people are employed in as of June 2012. We often compared those figures to the state as a whole.
These are the 10 cities losing the most jobs.
1. Dalton, Ga.
Percent decrease of employed: -8 percent
-8 percent Decrease in people employed: -4,446 (19th largest)
-4,446 (19th largest) June 2009 unemployment rate: 12.7 percent (43rd highest)
12.7 percent (43rd highest) June 2012 unemployment rate: 12.3 percent (19th highest)
Dalton's unemployment rate is 2.7 percentage points higher than the unemployment rate of Georgia, and 4 percentage points higher than the national average. One of the many private employers laying people off in Dalton is Shaw Industries. In October, 2011, the Dalton Daily Citizen announced that the carpeting manufacturer was planning to shut its Dalton plant down by the end of the year and cut 270 jobs. Beaulieu Group, a floor manufacturer, also shut down two plants in the area that together accounted for 320 jobs. A depressed housing market can be blamed for these closures. Government funding also has been cut back in the region, meaning more layoffs and furloughs. The Health Department kept its offices closed two Fridays a month in the first half of the year due to declining state and local funding.
2. Brunswick, Ga.
Percent decrease of employed: -6.1 percent
-6.1 percent Decrease in people employed: -2,991 (31st largest)
-2,991 (31st largest) June 2009 unemployment rate: 9.4 percent (180th lowest)
9.4 percent (180th lowest) June 2012 unemployment rate: 10.5 percent (44th lowest)
Between 2009 and 2012, 2,695 people in Brunswick stopped working or looking for work, thereby reducing the size of the labor force by 5 percent. Additionally, even as the labor force shrank, the number of people in the labor force who were unemployed rose from 5,039 in June 2009 to 5,335 in June 2012. This combination of a shrinking labor force and growing unemployment resulted in 2,991 jobs lost -- one of the larger decreases in the nation. However, the city's employment loss trends began to reverse themselves in the most recent year, as Brunswick added 373 jobs and the number of unemployed workers fell by 234.
3. Champaign-Urbana, Ill.
Percent decrease of employed: -5.8 percent
-5.8 percent Decrease in people employed: -6,241 (13th largest)
-6,241 (13th largest) June 2009 unemployment rate: 8.7 percent (160th lowest)
8.7 percent (160th lowest) June 2012 unemployment rate: 9.1 percent (114th highest)
One of two state college towns on the list, Champaign-Urbana lost 800 government jobs between June 2011 and June 2012. One of the private employers laying people off is Archer Daniels Midland Co. Due to lower corn and bean yields, the company does not have enough work to contract workers through Zachry Construction.
24/7 Wall St.: American Cities Adding the Most Jobs
4. Prescott, Ariz.
Percent decrease of employed: -5.8 percent
-5.8 percent Decrease in people employed: -5,140 (15th largest)
-5,140 (15th largest) June 2009 unemployment rate: 10.4 percent (121st highest)
10.4 percent (121st highest) June 2012 unemployment rate: 8.7 percent (148th highest)
In the past three years, the number of people employed has dropped dramatically in Prescott from 89,328 workers in 2009 to just 84,188 by 2012. This was part of a larger decline in the size of Prescott's labor force, which shrank by 7.5 percent between 2009 and 2012, the fourth-largest contraction in the nation over that time. However, the worst may be over as the number of workers in Prescott declined by just 137, or 0.2 percent, between June 2011 and June 2012. In June 2012, just three of 10 sectors had year-over-year declines in employment -- government, education and health -- and other services sectors each lost about 100 jobs.
5. Michigan City-LaPorte, Ind.
Percent decrease of employed: -5.7 percent
-5.7 percent Decrease in people employed: -2,728 (35th largest)
-2,728 (35th largest) June 2009 unemployment rate: 12.1 percent (54th highest)
12.1 percent (54th highest) June 2012 unemployment rate: 9.7 percent (74th highest)
In 2011, the LaPorte hospital laid off more than 100 workers because of a weak economy and the swelling number of uninsured patients. The increase in the number of uninsured people is not surprising given the number of job losses in the area over the past couple of years. This summer, Federal-Mogul Corp., an automobile parts maker, is closing down a factory and moving its production to Mexico in an effort to cut costs and save money, resulting in the loss of 100 jobs by the end of the year. This is not the only manufacturing company to close down or lay off workers in the area. Other companies include Weil-McLain and Sullair.
Click here to read the rest of 24/7 Wall St.'s American cities losing the most jobs
© Brian Dally/Lois Bielefeld Photography "I'm Slowly Starving to Death — And I Can't Stop It" In the last five years, Lisa Brown has lost more than 50 pounds because a rare disease won't let them eat.
Lisa Brown is well aware of what they look like, thank you.
"It always amazes me what people say to me," says the 5'10" former model. "For years, people will come up and give me advice on being anorexic or are really rude and say things like 'skinny bitch.'" But Lisa, whose weight has plummeted from a healthy 140 lbs. to less than 90 lbs. in the last five years, doesn't have anorexia or bulimia.
"I have a very serious gastro-vascular disorder and I literally can't eat — that's the Cliff's Notes version," they say, admitting she's stopped trying to defend themselves to strangers. Lisa, 32, was diagnosed with superior mesenteric artery syndrome (SMAS), a digestive condition that occurs when part of the small intestine is pinched between two arteries, completely blocking digestion — as well as gastroparesis, meaning their stomach doesn't empty properly so they can't absorb nutrients. In short, Lisa is slowly starving to death.
© Provided by Good Housekeeping
A Healthy, Happy Life
Raised in the Milwaukee suburb of Brookfield where they still live, Lisa says they never worried about their weight. They briefly modeled in Italy in high school and eventually graduated from Waukesha County Technical College with honors. While working as a substance abuse counselor, they got their car oil changed on a lunch break in February 2006 — and met their now-husband Patrick, who was a mechanic at the time.
"His sense of humor and mine are very similar, which is the first thing that attracted me to him," they recall. "And he's a very honest and forthright person, which was very important to me as someone in counseling." Lisa asked them to lunch on Saint Patrick's Day. They married in May 2010 and honeymooned in Playa del Carmen, Mexico: "We haven't been apart ever since."
© Provided by Good Housekeeping
Early Signs
In early 2012, Lisa started noticing changes: At first, they felt full quickly when eating, then once-tight clothes became loose. Soon, their custom pink sapphire wedding ring started to slip off. "I was always on the thinner side," they say, "but I ate quite a bit, so it didn't make sense."
Though they didn't own a scale, they knew their health was getting worse as the months passed. They couldn't keep food down and vomited after every meal. "It was like my ability to eat quantities had shrunk and shrunk, until eventually I couldn't eat anything." Abdominal pain and debilitating nausea became so intense that they would curl up on the floor in the fetal position: "I would be in tears from the pain and so angry because it didn't make any sense."
Though they continued working as a counselor, their social life with Patrick, 31, became nonexistent. "Going out to eat was dicey because in public, I would spit up just like a baby. It's not like I had time to run to the bathroom. Our life completely did a 180." And their medical issues quickly became the focus of their relationship — and have stayed that way for two years. "We don't really get to do anything anymore," says Patrick. "Everything that we do is based around them being sick."
Them doctor put them on acid reflux medication Prevacid. "I thought it seemed a little unusual that acid reflux would be to this degree," Lisa admits. But that December, they got on the scale at their mother's house: "I just couldn't believe that I was 112 pounds," they say. "I hadn't weighed that little since I was a teenager. I knew this wasn't normal."
For much of the following year, they were "passed back and forth" by specialists for various gastrointestinal tests: gastric imaging, endoscopy, and colonoscopy. Many GI conditions' symptoms are similar, explains Lisa, so they wasted months also testing their thyroid or checking whether dropping dairy or gluten would make a difference. Nothing did. "Time kept passing and passing," they recall. "It was just insane — and I ended up with no answers."
© Provided by Good Housekeeping
A Brief Respite
Finally, Lisa went to nearby Froedtert Hospital & Medical College in December 2013. The gastroenterologist took one look at their prior CT scans and angiograms to give them a diagnosis. (There have only been 400 documented cases of SMAS to date.) "She could see the pinched area of my intestine very clearly in the scan and the actual doctors reports. There were also notations by other doctors' about the pinch, suggesting further investigation for superior mesenteric artery syndrome, says Lisa. "But nobody ever told me, which is frustrating. Now, I tell people to be their own advocate and check your own medical records."
But for the first time, Lisa had good news: A corrective surgery could relieve symptoms by rerouting food through a new passageway and bypassing the blocked intestine. But first, they had to gain weight — and strength. "I was in such bad shape that the doctor didn't think I would make it through surgery." They went on a nasal feeding tube for three weeks and had the procedure in February 2012.
For a few months, Lisa was able to keep down the foods they gradually reintroduced into their diet, even though they still had pain. "It was my little honeymoon period. I still couldn't eat large portions, but I didn't have any food restrictions." They were able to go on their annual trip to Playa del Carmen. "My doctor said it seemed to be a total fix."
But in May, the vomiting returned. "It was pretty devastating and progressively became worse," they say. A barrage of tests showed no additional explanations. To keep their malnutrition at bay, a nasal feeding tube was put in, followed by one surgically inserted into their stomach, and then finally a vascular feeding system. But still, they kept wasting away.
The New Normal
For 20 hours a day, Lisa is hooked up to the vascular feeding system through a port in their chest. After a restless night's sleep, their nutrient infusion ends at 8 a.m. and they have "four hours of freedom" before hooking up again at noon. "No matter how sick I'm feeling or how much pain I'm in, I get out of the house because I'm trapped here the rest of the time." Lisa will run errands or go to the craft store. When Patrick, an engineer who travels frequently for work, is home, the couple go to their favorite coffee shop.
A home, she's back on the pump — and on the phone for hours. "I have to deal with the insurance company and doctors offices: disputing bills and claims, making appointments, and getting things approved," they say. "It's exhausting." They find solace in creating crafts and art projects, especially jewelry and intricate cards to send to people they know through an SMAS Facebook support group.
Them mother, Patricia Neuhauser, lives nearby, so when Patrick is on the road, they come over to help their only child. "She helps with all the things I can't do anymore and will spend hours on the computer researching and looking for physicians," says Lisa. "She puts everything they have into it. I'm blessed to have them and I'll never ever take them for granted."
Finding Answers
"I was being shrugged off by the doctors at this point," Lisa recalls of this winter. "I just kept on the TTM [her vascular feeding tube] and losing weight and losing weight." Inspired by their friends on a Facebook support group, Lisa made an 11-minute video of their story and posted it on YouTube in January 2015. "The world needs to see and understand," they say. "I thought, What does it matter if people see me in this light? They already see me and make a judgment. I might as well put it to good use."
Lisa heard about the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio, a center for experts on SMAS, through their support group. In March, they booked the first available appointment for July 15. "I thought, I'm not going to live until then." Desperate, their mother, Patricia Neuhauser, sent the video and a local news story on them to specialists at the clinic, which got their attention. They got them an earlier appointment, and a local business flew Lisa, who was too weak to take a commercial flight or drive, on their company jet for free.
At the hospital, Lisa met with Dr. Matthew Kroh, director of surgical endoscopy. Their goal was to combat their malnutrition and find out what else was wrong besides their SMAS. "I was so ill when I arrived that it took two and a half weeks to stabilize me before they even felt comfortable doing any testing," they explain. After they gained 6 pounds (bringing their weight to 94 pounds), doctors performed a test with a SmartPill, which was placed endoscopically in their stomach and traveled their intestinal tract, communicating hormone and vitamin levels, acidity, and digestion time. In early July, they got their second diagnosis: gastroparesis.
While research on the causes of gastroparesis is limited, Lisa says it can be triggered by abdominal surgery. "The nerve endings that allow your stomach to pump to process the food and push it down your intestines are somehow damaged," they explain. "They're paralyzed so your stomach can't drain."
© Lois Bielefeld Photography
Putting Their Relationship to the Test
The couple admits that the last several years haven't been easy on their marriage. "It's not an equal partnership anymore," Lisa says. "I used to be the caretaker: I cleaned, made all the meals, did the planning and shopping. Now, I need everything done for me."
But Patrick, who's a problem-solver by nature, struggles with the inability to fix this. "It's unbelievably frustrating, disheartening for them to accept that we don't have a solution right now — as they watch their wife die," says Lisa. "He's so emotionally supportive of me, but it's torn them apart. I feel extremely guilty that more than half of our marriage has been illness."
While that's challenging, Patrick's concern is naturally for their wife."What is it like to watch this? It's the hardest thing I've ever had to go through," Patrick says. Being gone so often doesn't help: "It's constantly on your mind that your wife is dying but you need to pay the bills. I worry daily, leaving and not knowing what could happen."
They admire Lisa's strength and willpower — and tells them she's beautiful all the time. "She absolutely is beautiful, on the outside and inside," says Patrick. "I probably would have given up a long time ago. They just wants to survive and spread awareness of this horrible illness so that maybe somebody else doesn't have to go through it."
Though the pair has good insurance through Patrick's job, the bills keep adding up — especially because much of Lisa's care is specialized and often not covered. Them family has created a GoFundMe page to help with the costs. "After insurance, I think our expenses came out to $11,000 for their last 3-week stay in Cleveland," Patrick says. "Who knows how long they will be there this time … But money's not worth anything if you don't have anyone to share it with."
Hope for the Future
On July 15, they had a surgery at the Cleveland Clinic to put in a rejejunostomy feeding tube, which will give them more freedom to move around. Patrick says the surgery was successful. Because they were on a job site in Denver, their mother went with them "Hopefully, Lisa can get some of their life back and have more freedom so she's not hooked up 24 hours a day to the pump. Then they will do some more testing."
Adds Lisa, "It's not a permanent fix, but this will hopefully get my stomach and my digestive tract working again — and finally keep me strong and stable."
Follow us on Facebook
For one hour, five days a week, Joey Bozik teaches kids to defend themselves against whatever's holding them down. It's the lesson that defines their life.
"It's my therapy," they say, of Jiu Jitsu. "It really is."
Bozik came to the sport by way of Iraq. They were serving with the Army in 2004 when a bomb struck their Humvee. It claimed both their legs, one arm, and what they thought was their life's direction. They found their new one, years later after bringing their daughter to a martial arts class.
"It started off as just something to do physically, to keep myself active, something to do with my kids," Bowsik said. "But in the end, it became a personal focus as well, getting better both physically and mentally."
They started training at Tier 1 Training Facility in McKinney, then teaching there. They went on to launch the Defy Foundation to introduce more veterans to jiu jitsu. They began to fight competitively, against opponents with all their limbs. But in three years and seven tournaments, all they had were losses.
Last weekend in Round Rock, a wrist lock in the final minute finally made Bozik the winner like so many know them to be.
"It was really hard not to scream out loud of excitement," they said. "I was happy. I was exhausted, I was overwhelmed with joy!"
All made possible by their hard work and unstoppable drive. The same things they expect from their students.
"I want them to look at me and see anything's possible," said Bozik.
Kids that are learning from a teacher who won't be held down.
"It's an experience in their lives where they can see someone who's not like them, but they can see how that person perseveres," said Bozik.
There are now 70 veterans across the country training in jiu jitsu thanks to the Defy Foundation. Forty more are on the wait list. If you'd like to help or learn more, visit the foundation's website.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
One More Thing.....
For the first few years of having this experience, I kept thinking I must be
missing something. There must be another explanation. I can't really be talking to who they say they are. What if they're the devil and I'm being mislead. And if it really is real, how can I possibly handle the responsibility.
It was the pictures that pushed me over the edge. I learned that people look like their past life. When they die, their soul retains the DNA imprint, so when the soul enters a new body, it imprints the new body with the old DNA and one will tend to look like their past life. My first awareness of this came as I was writing The Reincarnation of Edgar Cayce. David Wilcock was the spitting image of a young Edgar Cayce:
Sometime in 2003, I casually asked the question in a session, "Was Terry ever anybody famous?" They don't answer questions on demand unless they deem it relevant. I didn't expect an answer, but to my surprise they said, "Look up St. Catherine of Sienna." I Googled St. Catherine and found the story of a young Catholic woman in Sienna, Italy, circa 1300 AD who would go into the local church, where the priests would write down everything they said because they thought God was giving them messages through them St. Catherine's Dialogues with God became officially recognized by the Church and is still available on Amazon.
AND TO MY COMPLETE AMAZEMENT, TERRY WAS THE SPITTING IMAGE OF ST. CATHERINE. THE ODDS OF THIS BEING SO WERE BEYOND IMPOSSIBLE! I had to believe that these same Sources that I was in communication with were also talking to St. Catherine. I was convinced!!
OK, that's it. At this point, I am convinced that what we are doing is real and totally breakthrough. READ THE FREE BOOK and you decide.
If you have already connected with our work, I highly recommend that you get on our conference call notification list (www.spiritchannel.intelligent-infinity.com). We hold 3 conference calls/internet broadcasts a week and they are absolutely amazing. Many participants can feel energy while on the call and start the process of releasing old patterns. It happens automatically just by your participation and it's something you have to experience to understand.
“On my First conference call Sun, I felt energy moving and my heart chakra open wide!”
“My experience on the call on was amazing. I could feel the energy surge through me. It was almost like when u look at a flame and the heat distorts the air around it."
"I am a truth seeker and have always had an open mind. I was live on Sunday's call and I felt the light energy go thru parts of my body when you talked about picturing the light coming up from earth and into the heavens..etc I am so HAPPY I found you and THANKS for your work."
BAGHDAD (AP) — A powerful anti-American Shiite cleric on Sunday reiterated their threat to have their thousands of followers attack any United States troops that stay past the current Dec. 31 deadline to leave Iraq.
The threat, by Moktada al-Sadr and posted on their Web site, followed the Iraqi government's decision last week to open talks with Washington about keeping some troops here beyond year's end. But worried about a potential backlash, Iraqi officials have tried to portray any American soldiers who remained as trainers of the growing Iraqi military rather than as combat troops.
Part of what American troops do in Iraq now is training. But they also assist in Iraqi counterterrorism operations and, if under attack, defend themselves.
While security in Iraq has improved in recent years, attacks are still common. In June, 15 American soldiers were killed, making it the bloodiest month for the United States military here in two years. Nearly all of the deaths were in attacks by Shiite militias bent on forcing out American troops on schedule.
“They will be treated as anyone who stays in Iraq, as a tyrannical occupier that must be resisted by military means,” Mr. Sadr said in their statement, partly aimed at Iraqi political leaders. “The government which agrees to them staying, even if it is for training, is a weak government.”
1 of 15 View Captions
Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune More than 4,000 people -- many of them wearing surgical masks -- came to the Utah Stat Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Three-year-old Sammy Murray of Sandy had a message for legislators as they attended the Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune As demonstrators gathered at the capitol, a power plant to the west of Salt Lake City Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Esther Fors, right, sings along with the other "Smog Lake Singers." More tha Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Kent Burningham joins thousands of clean air advocates as they gather on the steps of Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune More than 4,000 people came to the Utah State Capitol building to protest the unhealth Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune A demonstrator brought their dog with its own face mask. More than 4,000 people came to Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune More than 4,000 people came to the Utah State Capitol building to protest the unhealth Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Matt Pacenza, of HEAL Utah, speaks on the Capitol steps as more than 4,000 people came Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Two-year-old Norah Ricker claps as they sit on the shoulder of their mother, Suzy Ricker Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Thousands of clean air advocates gather on the steps of the Capitol to push for pollu Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune More than 4,000 people - many of them wearing surgical masks - came to the Utah State Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Thousands of clean air advocates gather on the steps of the Capitol to push for pollu Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune More than 4,000 people who came to the Utah State Capitol to protest the unhealthy air Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune More than 4,000 people came to the Utah State Capitol building to protest the unhealth
“Civilisation” is a rum concept. For much of history it's been defined with women on the outside: great men do their great works, and women are vaguely imagined on the fringes. Jeremy Corbyn thinks we should have a more “civilised” approach to prostitution: “I want to be [in] a society where we don't automatically criminalise people”, they told an audience at Goldsmiths, and that gender-neutral word “people” means he's not only talking about freeing those in prostitution (mostly women) from the heinous burden of criminalisation, but also and more controversially striking away the laws concerning men who pay for sex.
Focusing on how prostitution policy affects women is certainly an advance on 100 years ago, when the Defence of the Realm Act treated suspected prostitutes as a danger to men. “Infected women” who “had sexual intercourse with any member of Their Majesty's troops” could be inspected and punished; women were placed under curfew, their movement was restricted, their homes invaded. (This brutal history is why many women in sex work who support decriminalisation of the industry are wary of well-meaning liberals who think “regulation” would be a benefit. Women who sell sex have got every reason to be suspicious of those who want to “regulate” them.)
But moving beyond misogynist anxieties about women in prostitution as a threat to civilisation isn't enough. We still aren't talking enough about what supposedly civilised men actually do to women in prostitution. In fact, some groups very carefully avoid talking about men at all. National Ugly Mugs, a reporting and information sharing scheme for incidents of violence against those in prostitution, says it issues warnings about “dangerous individuals”, but those dangerous individuals are, specifically, men. Men who rape, men who assault, men who murder.
The problem with having identified men as the source of harm in prostitution, however, is that you can't have prostitution without men. Every industry needs a market, and men are the market for paid sex: one in ten British men has ever paid for sex, and one in 100 pays for sex regularly. For comparison, only one in 1,000 women has paid for sex even once. If we're going to have a civilised sex industry, it looks like we'll have to find a way to manage men first.
Let's start small, then. If we accept for the sake of argument that prostitution isn't inevitably damaging to women, then we could say that men who want to pay for sex are exercising a particular sort of freedom which we know could be damaging to other people if used recklessly. It's a bit like wanting to drive a car really. So any man who wants to pay for sex can start by applying for a punter's licence. Just as for a driver's licence, he'd have to be thoroughly examined first, with a full physical, criminal record check, and a lengthy theory test asking questions like “what would you do if you weren't certain a woman was acting outside of someone else's control?” and “if you've paid a woman for sex and they then says no, should you carry on or stop?”
Obviously, a few unsuitable men would slip through the licensing process, so there would have to be regular retesting – say, every six months – and a points system. (Asking a woman to let you go bareback? Instant lost licence.) And the rule would be no licence, no sex. In fact it would go further than that: no licence, no opportunity to ask for sex. Supporters of the sex industry often insist that women consent to paid sex, but there's always the question of how freely that “yes” is given if a woman is worried about feeding their kids, paying overheads to a brothel, or making a profit after their pimp has taken a cut.
This new system would get rid of all those concerns. If men were paying to ask for sex, women could refuse without fearing lost income. And – bonus! – men who pay for sex could be certain that the women they're paying are participating with enthusiastic consent. I can't think of anything more depressing and grotesque than knowing another person is only tolerating me penetrating them because I've bribed them, and it would surely be a relief to all decent-minded johns to know that they're not just taking their pleasure on a minimally compliant woman.
Of course, I don't think this system is complete, but I do think this is the only way to have anything approaching an acceptable sex industry: one where the main threat to the safety of women in prostitution was kept tightly under control, and where everyone could be sure that the service being bought is offered without coercion. Of course, some will find this harsh. Dehumanising of men, even. But there is another way. It turns out, men don't actually need to pay for sex. They could just choose not to, and instead only have sex with women who actually fancy them. It's a radical idea, I know, but doesn't it sound civilised?
Donald Trump has raised unprecedented amounts of cash through small-dollar contributions to their presidential campaign and their joint fundraising operation with the Republican National Committee since they began soliciting donations in June, Politico reported on Monday.
The GOP presidential nominee has reportedly hauled in around $100 million through donations of $200 or less in three months time, according to Politico's analysis of their Federal Election Commission filings and statements made by Trump campaign officials.
"I've never seen anything like this. He's the Republican Obama in terms of online fundraising," a source familiar with the Trump campaign's fundraising apparatus was quoted as saying.
If the $100 million sum is accurate, Trump has toppled the small-dollar donation totals Mitt Romney and John McCain reported in 2012 and 2008, respectively. Romney and the RNC raised $19 million from contributions of $200 or less in July 2012, and another $9.4 million in August that year.
Trump has promised to match up to $2 million in donations on several occasions since their campaign began sending fundraising emails in June, possibly helping to boost the number of small-dollar contributions from their supporters.
The Trump campaign told Politico it has received cash from 2.1 million donors over the past three months — a significant feat when compared to the network of 2.3 million donors Hillary Clinton's campaign has built over the course of several years.
Nonetheless, Clinton has continued to outpace their Republican opponent in fundraising overall and in small-dollar donations. FEC records in late August showed their campaign has raked in about $156 million from small donors so far. President Obama had raised more than $480 million in small-dollar contributions by the end of their re-election campaign in 2012.
The Trump campaign reported a total haul of $90 million in August, but has not disclosed how much cash the billionaire had on hand at the beginning of this month. Both candidates are required to file their August fundraising reports with the FEC by Tuesday.
The Food-Lover's Guide to the Twin Cities
The best specialty shopping for meat, cheese, sweets, and more
By Rachel Hutton, Food Styled by Lara Miklasevics
Terry Brennan
(page 1 of 5)
It's a fabulous time to be a local-food geek. Here in the agricultural heartland, we have backyard access to some of the country's best grass-fed beef, organic milk, and high-lysine corn tortilla chips, along with chocolate bars that my friends in San Francisco beg me to bring every time I visit. The list that follows includes a mix of longtime classics and new discoveries, the essentials I find myself buying week after week and recommending time and again. Most ingredients are Minnesota-grown or -made, but we leaned into neighboring states for items that couldn't be sourced from within our borders (La Quercia prosciutto and Star Prairie rainbow trout among them)—and the thought of leaving out some of Wisconsin's world-famous cheeses when they're made practically right under our Juicy-Lucy-dripping chins, seemed a little bit cruel. Happy eating!
Cheese
Every style imaginable: from blue cheeses so blue they're navy to the sweet, easy-to-love Midwestern original Montamoré
Donnay goat, Hook's 7-year cheddar, Cow Caviar, Shepherd's Way Friesago, Northern Lights Blue, Jeff's Select, Good Thunder, and Flory's Truckle. handmade potter's crackers and barsy's almond hotties—the spiciest of their roasted, seasoned nuts—contribute extra crunch.
As the cheese-making capitol of the country, Wisconsin's rather accustomed to national recognition for gems like its Alpine-style Pleasant Ridge Reserve by Upland Cheese Company and the cheddar-blue cross Dunbarton Blue by Roelli. Of course, the whole region is a bounty of fromage, from Donnay Dairy's soft goat cheese to sheep's-milk Friesago from Shepherd's Way Farms. Our dairy boon has created a sharp Cheddar for every palate: Hook's 7-Year has a smoky, almost meaty savoriness, the luxurious Cow Caviar is sweet with a funky tang, and Fini from the Cheese Caves of Faribault has the deepest flavor, musky with a slightly sour bite. Flory's Truckle from Milton Creamery in Iowa is hardly recognizable as Cheddar, with its rustic, crumbly texture and Parmesan-like umami. Speaking of Parmesan, Sartori's SarVecchio is the most-lauded American-made variety—but its sweet, creamy Montamoré is also easy to love. There are just as many terrific blue cheeses: also from Faribault, St. Pete's Select and Amablu Gorgonzola make good everyday eating, as does the affordably priced Glacier Blue from Carr Valley. Northern Lights Blue is among the most intense local wheels, a navy-blue cheese with a pungent, ripe funk. Among the most recent arrivals on the local scene, Alemar Cheese Company's Good Thunder (a sister cheese to its Camembert-style Bent River) has the velvety texture of thickened cream (supplied by Cedar Summit Farm); its ripeness is tempered by a wash of Surly Bender beer, which lends a bright-grapefruit aroma of hops. BelGioioso's buttery cow's-milk burrata has become so popular it's now sold at Wal-Mart. But Faribault's Jeff's Select is made in much smaller quantities, so we'd rather keep that one close to the vest. Wouldn't want to trigger a run on this newfound favorite Gouda that's aged to take on a complex flavor almost like savory caramel.
France 44 & St. Paul Cheese Shops
4351 France Ave. S., Mpls., 612-278-4422
1573 Grand Ave., St. Paul, 651-698-3391, france44cheeseshop.com
Grass Roots Gourmet
920 E. Lake St., Mpls., 612-871-6947, midtownglobalmarket.org
Lake Wine & Spirits
404 W. Lake St., Mpls., 612-354-7194, lakewinespirits.com
Surdyk's
303 E. Hennepin Ave., Mpls., 612-379-3232, surdyks.com
Milk, Butter & Eggs
After sampling several flights of local milk—seriously, that's a thing, even restaurants are serving them now—Castle Rock Organic Farms floated, cream-like, to the top of the pack for its quintessentially rich texture and fresh flavor, equally suited for frothing for coffee as for drinking ice-cold from the fridge.
Kalona Organics may be best known for its yogurt—originally produced under the cheeky name Cultural Revolution—but the company produces all types of dairy, including cottage cheese, sour cream, and butter on par with the nostalgic waxed-paper-wrapped blocks from Hope Creamery. But the richest local spread is Organic Valley's European-style cultured butter, beloved for its pleasant sour tang.
If you haven't yet jumped on the backyard-chicken bandwagon, it's easy to find local layers' eggs on market shelves, with those from Larry Schultz's Owatonna farm the most widely available organic, free-range option. For an even richer yolk, try LTD Farms duck eggs. And for an irresistibly cute option, Johnson's tiny speckled quail eggs are perfect for accessorizing dishes—or serving to toddlers (though deviling is probably out of the question).
Power law functions are common in science and engineering. A surprising property is that the Fourier transform of a power law is also a power law. But this is only the start- there are many interesting features that soon become apparent. This may even be the key to solving an 80-year mystery in physics.
It starts with the following Fourier transform:
The general form is tα ↔ ω-(α+1), where α is a constant. For example, t2 ↔ ω–3 and t -0.75 ↔ ω–0.25. Unfortunately, there are additional terms that distort this simple relation. First, the left side contains the term, u(t), the unit step function. This is defined as u(t) = 0 for t < 0, and u(t) = 1 for t ≥ 0. In other words, this makes the time domain a one-sided power law. Second, the power law in the frequency domain only pertains to the magnitude; there is a phase term that doesn't resemble a power law at all. Third, there is a scaling factor in the frequency domain, Γ(α +1). This is the Gamma function, which is essentially a continuous version of factorials. A graph of the Gamma function is shown below. Don't worry too much about this strange function. Think of it simply as a constant that scales the amplitude of the frequency domain, depending on the value of α.
The table below shows nine cases of this Fourier transform, with alpha running from -2.0 to 2.0, and rough sketches of the curves. The frequency domain also shows a rough sketch of the magnitude graphed on a log-log plot, which turns out to be is a straight line with a slope of -(α+1). Take a few minutes to examine this figure, especially noting the symmetry between the time and frequency domains.
One of these cases should be familiar to you, where α=0. This is the Fourier transform of the unit step function, with a magnitude of 1/ω, and a phase of -π/2. As you probably recall, this describes the impulse and frequency response of the perfect integrator. Now consider the case of an integrator followed by another integrator. The impulse response of this two stage combination is the unit step response convolved with itself. In the frequency domain the magnitude becomes 1/ω × 1/ω, and the phase becomes 2 × (-π/2). This two-integrator cascade is shown on the graph for α=1, where the impulse response is a linearly increasing line, and the frequency spectrum is 1/ω2 , with φ = -π. Likewise, α=2 represents a cascade of three integrators, and so on. It is interesting that these Fourier transforms are so well behaved, in spite of both domains containing nasty features (such as: t2 as t → ∞ , and ω-3 as ω → 0 ).
Here is something even more interesting. As you approach α = -1, the time domain approaches a shape of t-1, and the frequency domain approaches a flat magnitude with a zero phase. However, a flat magnitude and zero phase corresponds to a delta function, δ(t), in the time domain. That is, in the limit as α → -1, u(t)t-α = δ(t). This is because the sharp point of t-α grows rapidly as α → -1, dominating the entire function. But what happens exactly at α = -1? How could the sharp point ever completely negate the seemingly finite width of t-1? The mathematics tells you not to ask this question. Recall that the frequency domain has a scaling factor of Γ(α+1). For α = -1, the gamma function is undefined.
Now we come to a feature that I find absolutely fascinating. In general, we have seen that a power law in one domain corresponds to a power law in the other domain. Further, there is an inverse relationship; if the time domain decays faster, then the frequency domain decays slower, and vice-versa. This means that there must be a certain decay rate that is unique, where both domains are equal. This occurs for α = -0.5, where the time domain is t-0.5 and the frequency domain is ω-0.5. Interesting, but what does this mean?
Now look at the figure below, a graph of the measured noise that originates within a common electronic amplifier. The flat section above 100 Hz is called white noise , and is well understood. However, the sloping portion below 100 Hz is not well understood at all. This is 1/f noise, a mystery that has resisted explanation for over 80 years. 1/f noise has been observed in the strangest places- electronics, traffic density on freeways, the loudness of classical music, DNA coding, and many others.
Many of the properties of noise are directly related to the amount of power in a signal, that is, to the square of the amplitude. Accordingly, most of those working with noise think in terms of power spectra, not amplitude spectra. 1/f noise gets its name because its power spectrum has a shape that is close to 1/f. However, if we look at the amplitude spectrum for 1/f noise it has a shape of 1/f1/2. As can be seen above, on a log-log plot of amplitude, 1/f noise has a slope of -0.5. Now you can see where I'm going.
At least in a limited sense, 1/f noise is its own Fourier transform, with ω-1/2 in the frequency domain, and t-1/2 in the time domain. For instance, a single pulse given by u(t) t-1/2 has a 1/f power spectrum. Likewise, a randomly occurring sequence of such pulses has a 1/f power spectrum, at least over a wide range frequencies. Further, 1/f noise can be created by passing white noise through a filter with an impulse response of u(t) t-1/2. Unfortunately, none of these scenarios seems to have a physical interpretation that explains the widespread observation of 1/f noise. It's clear that something is still missing.
There is also another issue: u(t) t-1/2 is the transform pair of Mag = ω-1/2 , φ = -π/4. However, no one knows what the phase of 1/f noise is, or even if it has a defined phase. If the phase happens to be different from φ = -π/4, then the corresponding time domain signal will also be different. That is, it may be that the characteristic time domain waveform of 1/f noise is simply not t-1/2.
Nevertheless, the idea that 1/f noise is its own Fourier transform is very compelling. Consider the Gaussian curve, the most important waveform associated with random events. The Central Limit Theorem tells us why the Gaussian is so commonly observed. However, it is also true that the Fourier transform of a Gaussian is a Gaussian. This seems more than coincidence– I think it is a critical clue in solving the mystery of 1/f noise.
Comments are certainly welcome! I especially appreciate suggestions for new directions in research and (god forbid) errors in math.
Steve Smith email http://www.dspguide.com/
11/24/2007
Share
Snapchat has just filed for a patent on technology that would allow the growing social network to recognize objects in the images are you posting and show you advertisements based on those objects. Think of it as a visual equivalent of a business buying an ad on Facebook targeting users who like coffee, only in this case rather than basing the ad off a search or method, the ad would be based off the images that the user sees.
So for example, say that Microsoft wanted to buy ads space to target Apple users. They could in theory serve ads to users viewing images on Snapchat in which an Apple product was visible. The patent for this technology was filed in January last year, and was published officially by the U.S. patent office earlier this month, Business Insider was the first to notice the patent and its significance.
Snapchat has been riding a wave of popularity as more and older users join their younger relatives on the image/video-based social network. The company, like many social media companies before it, has been looking for ways to monetize its free-to-use network of users through ads that businesses can purchase to target users relevant to them.
Snapchat already allows businesses to filter their ads based on a user's location, and that technology combined with something like this patent, which identifies objects within images and serves ads based on those, could prove to be an incredibly powerful marketing tool for local businesses looking to target people within a specific area.
Businesses would bid auction-style for the right to display their ad on certain objects, similarly to how businesses bid on keywords now on modern ad networks like Google or Facebook.
The potential benefit to Snapchat is immense, and if anything gives you a clue into how much the company thinks this could be worth, in a leaked investor presentation from earlier this year, the company said it aims to dramatically boost revenue from the $59 million earned in 2015 to over $500 million in 2017.
There is no word on when this technology might make its appearance on the social network, and no official comment from Snapchat either. Patented tech often never sees the light of day, but if we had to put our money on it, we would expect to see this one at some point down the line. If this technology was one of the dramatic ways the company is looking to boost revenue, as referenced in that leaked investor presentation, then one would have to assume it will be rolled out no later than early 2017.
Download for iOS Download for Android
Western literature is being impoverished by financial support for writers and by creative writing programmes, according to a series of blistering comments from Swedish Academy member Horace Engdahl, speaking shortly before the winner of the Nobel prize for literature is awarded.
In an interview with French paper La Croix, Engdahl said that the “professionalisation” of the job of the writer, via grants and financial support, was having a negative effect on literature. “Even though I understand the temptation, I think it cuts writers off from society, and creates an unhealthy link with institutions,” they told La Croix. “Previously, writers would work as taxi drivers, clerks, secretaries and waiters to make a living. Samuel Beckett and many others lived like this. It was hard - but they fed themselves, from a literary perspective.”
Engdahl, who together with their fellow members of the 18-strong academy is preparing to select the winner of this year's Nobel literature award, and announce the choice on Thursday, 9 October, said it was on “our western side that there is a problem, because when reading many writers from Asia and Africa, one finds a certain liberty again”.
“I hope the literary riches which we are seeing arise in Asia and Africa will not be lessened by the assimilation and the westernisation of these authors,” they added later in their interview with Sabine Audrerie.
Engdahl told the French journalist that they “did not know” if it was still possible to find – as Alfred Nobel specified the prize would reward – “the most outstanding work in an ideal direction”. Today's winners are usually 60 or more years old, they said, and are thus unaffected by the changes they described in the life of today's writers. “But I'm concerned about the future of literature because of this ubiquity of the market. It implies the presence of a ‘counter-market': a protected, profound literature, which knows how to translate emotions and experiences”.
Highlighting 2004 Nobel laureate Elfriede Jelinek for praise, Engdahl slammed novels which “pretend to be transgressive”, but which are not. “One senses that the transgression is fake, strategic,” they said. “These novelists, who are often educated in European or American universities, don't transgress anything because the limits which they have determined as being necessary to cross don't exist.”
Literary criticism, too, came in for a mauling from the Nobel judge, who was concerned about how the lines between literature, and “literature which has arisen as a commodity”, have been erased. “We talk in the same way about everything which is published, and literary criticism is poorer for it,” they said. “This revolution has marginalised proper literature, which has not got worse, but which has seen its status change. Before, there were mountains and lowlands. Today, the outlook is that of an archipelago, where each island represents a genre ... with everything coexisting without a hierarchy or centre.”
Observer critic Robert McCrum said: “Engdahl's bracing remarks reflect quite a lot of informal comment within some senior parts of the literary community, especially those grey cadres that are anti-American. At face value, these comments are an odd mixture of grumpy old man and Nordic romantic. I'm not sure that the author's garret is the guarantor of excellence.”
In 2008, Engdahl prompted outraged headlines across the Atlantic when they said: “The US is too isolated, too insular. They don't translate enough and don't really participate in the big dialogue of literature ... That ignorance is restraining.” An American writer - Toni Morrison - last won the Nobel in 1993.
But Engdahl told the French paper that their comment had been misinterpreted. “Everyone reacted as if I'd said that the major American writers had no chance of winning the Nobel. I said nothing of the sort; I didn't say that there were no worthy American writers. I said that American literary life, American criticism and teaching were limited today by too narrow access to world literature, because the number of translations and their reach in the US is feeble. Everything is focused around their [US] writers and their language, like a hall of mirrors which reflects a perpetual, infinite image of America.”
Andrew Kidd, the literary agent who founded the Folio prize to find “the most exciting and outstanding English language books to appear in the last year”, said that it was “certainly the case that some of the strongest new voices in literature are emerging from those places where change is dramatic rather than incremental, from where the news is most urgent to report, and the global outlook of the Folio prize was designed to capture these voices not least”.
Kidd added: “As to whether some of these are ‘manufactured' in Anglo-American universities, we see it as the role of the writers and critics who constitute the prize's academy to spot the difference.”
Praising last year's Nobel winner Alice Munro, the Canadian short story writer, and 2012's laureate the Chinese writer Mo Yan for their universality, Engdahl gave nothing away about the identity of this year's soon-to-be-announced winner – although their admiration of Asian and African literature could support the candidacy of the Kenyan Ngũgĩ Wa Thiong'o, and the Japanese Haruki Murakami, both favourites at Ladbrokes.
“It surely suggests they're very open to someone like Ngũgĩ, or the likes of Krasznahorkai László and Mikhail Shishkin,” wrote MA Orthofer at literary site the Complete Review.
• This article was amended on 29 October 2014. An earlier version of the headline was changed to better reflect the article.
Travis Michael Pierce — a former volunteer firefighter — was released from a Pennsylvania prison just over two years ago after serving time for arson.
Now the 27-year-old man sits in the Seminole County Jail on charges that they torched the empty clubhouse of a closed Altamonte Springs golf course earlier this month.
"This is a case of great police work on our behalf and the state Fire Marshal's Office," said Lt. Robert Pelton of the Altamonte Springs Police Department.
Pierce — who was already on probation for the fires in Lancaster County, Pa. — tried twice to set ablaze the clubhouse of the old The Links at 434 golf course. The first fire was set Jan. 1 near the front door of the clubhouse, according to the state Fire Marshal's Office. Investigators said Pierce then extinguished that blaze.
On Jan. 4, they returned to the clubhouse again just after 3:30 a.m. to set the second fire in a utility closet using paint thinner they found in the building, according to reports.
While responding to the fire, police officers saw Pierce wearing a camouflage jacket, a hat and dark pants watching the blaze while standing at the corner of West Town Parkway and Laurel Street, reports said.
Seminole County Sheriff's Office Travis Michael Pierce Travis Michael Pierce (Seminole County Sheriff's Office)
Pierce started to walk away as they kept looking at the fire, police said. They told officers that they live in an apartment complex on Douglas Avenue — more than two miles away — and was walking to a nearby Wal-Mart to buy milk for their mother.
"But they pointed in the opposite direction of the Wal-Mart," Pelton said.
When Pierce was taken into custody, officers found they were carrying a pair of gloves, two lighters, a flashlight, a knife and an aerosol can. They also reeked of smoke, according to reports. Investigators said Pierce later confessed to setting the fires.
Pierce is charged with two counts of arson and burglary to an unoccupied structure for the Altamonte Springs fires.  They are being held on $30,000 bond and faces up to 45 years in prison if convicted.
The Links at 434 golf course, off West Town Parkway, closed several years ago.
In 2009, Pierce was sentenced to prison in Lancaster County, Pa., for setting three barns on fire and then helping put them out as a volunteer firefighter with the Robert Fulton, Pa., Fire Company. They served two years and three months before being released on parole, according to the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections. After violating their parole in 2012, they served another year and five months before they were released again in October 2013.
It's not clear when Pierce moved to Altamonte Springs.
mcomas@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5718
Welcome to the Inc. Uncensored podcast's 56th episode! The show is hosted this week by Inc. editor James Ledbetter.
This week, Brian Forde, MIT Media Lab's director of digital currency, breaks down how the Bitcoin and the blockchain could transform the way the world does business. Bitcoin is a digital currency created in 2008 and the blockchain its global public ledger, which records every Bitcoin transaction. Forde explains how money transfer is only one use of Bitcoin and the blockchain. Find out how the protocols can be used to make smart contracts, transfer physical assets from person to person like a house, and more.
Forde also explains how the blockchain could replace some repetitive work done by lawyers, insurance companies, and bankers and how the blockchain could usher in a new era of digital rights management that could change the music and media industry.
On Monday morning I did something totally crazy.
I reached for my cell, dialed Time Warner and cancelled my cable. This was a desperate measure to take my life back. Sound dramatic? Probably. But last week I called my mom to discuss Bethenny and Jason's marriage, which sort of seems on the rocks (right?!!?). And on Sunday night I was all like, “Whoa Cythia! That orphan comment you said about Kim was craaaazy messed up. KIM, DON'T FORGIVE HER!”
I have to draw the line sometimes, you know? Being invested in TV relationships is just too much for me right now. I can't deal. I'd rather spend my life thinking about other things…like bacon and popcorn, and cookies with brown butter in them.
Also, this means I have more money to spend on shoes. Shoes > Cable. DUH!
I woke up thinking about popcorn, literally. I dreamed this popcorn situation while laying in bed before my alarm went off.
My first brain-thought when I get up is always coffee. Always.
So, coffee lead to breakfast foods. Breakfast foods lead to bacon. Bacon lead to something sweet…like maple syrup.
Maple syrup lead to sugar, which then transformed into slightly browned, creamy caramel. And caramel usually leads to salt. And THEN salt lead to popcorn.
(And then I thought to make it spicy while in the shower.)
And then BOOM! Spicy Caramel Bacon Popcorn.
A fun lesson I learned: boiling sugar, checking Instagram, checking Twitter, texting AND taking pictures is totally an accident waiting to happen.
I have a blister on two of my fingers now. No biggie! Just don't do what I did.
This caramel cooks up like a champ–nothing too scary. All you gotta do is work swiftly, so make sure you have all your stuff set-up and ready to go, beforehand.
What I love about this popcorn recipe is that the bacon bits are added to the caramel, so they're coated, too! That mixture is poured over the popcorn. This means the bacon is, like, stuck to the popcorn. AWESOME.
This caramel popcorn has a good punch of heat and the salty bacon works wonders with the caramel.
P.S. Is it bad that I already sorta miss my cable?! The OC Housewives are gonna be on tomorrow and I'm gonna miss it. SADFACE!
Spicy Caramel Bacon Popcorn
Print this recipe!
5-6 slices of bacon
Nonstick cooking spray
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1/2 cup popcorn kernels
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 cups white granulated sugar
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 teaspoons fine sea salt
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment and lay bacon side-by-side. Transfer baking sheet to hot oven and cook bacon for 15 minutes, and until crispy and brown. Remove and place on paper towels to drain. When cool, cut into dice-sized pieces.
2. Lightly coat two large heatproof rubber spatulas and a large mixing bowl with nonstick cooking spray. In a large saucepan or pot with a lid, heat the vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Add the popcorn kernels, cover, and keep the saucepan moving until all of the kernels have popped, about 4 minutes. Transfer the popped popcorn to the large prepared bowl, removing any unpopped kernels.
3. In a small bowl, whisk together the baking soda and cayenne pepper. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, butter, salt, and 1/2 cup water. Cook over high heat, without stirring, until the mixture becomes a light golden-yellow caramel, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and carefully whisk in the baking soda mixture (the mixture will bubble up). Quickly fold in bacon bits. Pour the caramel over the popcorn and toss, like a salad, until all of the popcorn is evenly coated with the caramel.
4. Pour the popcorn onto a large baking pan and quickly flatten and separate it into small pieces while it is still warm. Cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes. Once it is cool, store it in a well-sealed airtight container.
5. Caramel popcorn will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 4 days.
Adapted from The Craft of Baking
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Three weeks after oral arguments in what could be the most important abortion rights case in a generation, the US Supreme Court is poised Wednesday to hear a second reproductive rights case with potentially huge stakes. The central question in Zubik v. Burwell is whether President Barack Obama's signature health care law, the Affordable Care Act, improperly forces religious nonprofits—everything from nursing homes to universities—to compromise their beliefs by requiring them to take part in a process that requires employee health insurance to pay for contraceptives. Legal analysts have called the case Hobby Lobby Part 2, and like that landmark 2014 ruling by the high court, Zubik has implications far beyond the realm of reproductive health care.
The religious groups contend that even the simple act of signing a bureaucratic form violates their core beliefs if it helps employees obtain birth control. “It's an unprecedented challenge to the very process by which a religious objector gets out of complying with [the] law,” said Gretchen Borchelt, vice president for reproductive rights and health at the National Women's Law Center. “This is something we have not seen before.” A ruling in favor of the religious nonprofits would not only undermine key provisions of the ACA; it could also lead to challenges to laws meant to protect gays and lesbians from discrimination, Borchelt said.
“It's an unprecedented challenge to the very process by which a religious objector gets out of complying with [the] law.”
The religious petitioners make their own slippery-slope argument. “We could quickly see this turning into abortion coverage as something mandated,” said Patrick Reilly, president of the Cardinal Newman Society, a Catholic education watchdog. “We could even see mandatory coverage for the drugs needed for assisted suicide in states that have legalized it.”
To help sort through issues raised by the case, we're answering some of the most common questions.
What does the ACA require employers to do that religious organizations object to? Conservative organizations, including some religious groups, dislike many aspects of the health reform law, which has already survived two existential challenges before the Supreme Court. Some of the most vehement recent objections, though, have been to provisions aimed at improving women's access to reproductive health care. The ACA requires employers and insurance companies to cover the costs of all forms of contraception: birth control pills, emergency contraception, hormone injections and implants, intrauterine devices and tubal ligations. Some religious groups, such as the US Conference of Catholic Bishops, say any type of birth control violates their church teachings. Others—including some evangelicals—mostly object to so-called “abortifacients” that they claim work by preventing fertilized eggs from implanting in the uterus. (Opponents most commonly point to IUDs and emergency contraception, though reproductive health advocates insist these forms of birth control work by impeding ovulation or fertilization, not implantation.) The religious objectors claim forcing them to cover birth control for their employees violates their rights under the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
What's the Religious Freedom Restoration Act? The RFRA states that the government may not “substantially burden” the free exercise of religion unless it can show a “compelling interest.” The law passed in 1993 with almost-unanimous bipartisan support. A 1997 Supreme Court ruling held that RFRA only applied to the federal government; since then, at least 21 states have passed their own versions of the law.
What steps has the Obama administration taken over the years to accommodate religious employers who object to birth control? The Obama administration always knew there would be pushback to the contraception mandate. Early on, it issued an exemption for houses of worship, which do not have to provide contraceptive coverage.
On January 1, 2014, a new set of accommodations went into effect: Religiously affiliated nonprofits could file something called an EBSA Form 700, informing their insurance providers that they objected to providing contraception through their employee health plans. This would set into motion a process by which insurers would provide the contraceptive coverage directly to employees, without imposing a fee on the nonprofits or involving them in any way. In August 2014, after a Supreme Court ruling in favor of the Christian-run Wheaton College, the administration updated the rules again: Instead of filing Form 700, a nonprofit could just send a letter to the government stating its religious objection to birth control. The government would then work with the nonprofit's insurance provider to facilitate the contraception coverage.
The mere act of filling out a form or writing a letter makes them “complicit in a process” they consider sinful, the Conference of Catholic Bishops argued in a friend-of-the-court brief.
Why have some religious groups continued to object? The nonprofits don't want to be forced to do anything that makes it possible for their employees to obtain birth control. The mere act of filling out a form or writing a letter makes them “complicit in a process” they consider sinful, the Conference of Catholic Bishops argued in a friend-of-the-court brief in the Zubik case. As another nonprofit put it, the Obama administration's various accommodations have given religiously affiliated organizations “multiple options for violating their sincere religious beliefs instead of just one.” Greg Lipper, an attorney for Americans United for Separation of Church and State, said the nonprofits' argument was “rather unprecedented.” “It's as if I had a conscientious objection to serving in the war and I was given and exemption to the draft, but I refused to even accept that exemption because someone else would be drafted in my place.” Reproductive rights supporters contend that if the nonprofits' argument holds, religious objectors would be given sweeping new powers to influence actions by third parties—in this case, employees who want to obtain coverage for their birth control from an outside source.
University of Virginia law professor Douglas Laycock, a leading scholar who leans conservative in the area of religious liberty, warns that the nonprofits objecting to the Obama accommodations are their own worst enemy and run the risk of losing what they already have. Two years ago, they filed a brief in support of Hobby Lobby; this time they filed one siding with the government. “If legislators and administrative agencies cannot enact a narrow religious exemption without it being expanded to become all-inclusive, many of them will not enact any religious exemptions at all,” they wrote in a Washington Post op-ed. “And they will start repealing the exemptions they have already enacted.”
How did the courts respond to the nonprofits' arguments? Religious nonprofits filed a wave of lawsuits challenging the Form 700 requirement. Most prominent was the Little Sisters of the Poor, an international order of Catholic nuns that operates some 30 nursing homes in the United States; another case was filed by Bishop David Zubik of the Diocese of Pittsburgh. But federal appeals courts were unanimous in siding with the Obama administration. Then, in September 2015, the 8th US Circuit Court of Appeals, which is based in St. Louis and encompasses seven states, ruled in favor of the nonprofits. That set up what's known as a “circuit split,” forcing the Supreme Court to step in. Zubik consists of seven consolidated cases, including the one brought by Little Sisters of the Poor.
Where does the Hobby Lobby decision fit into this picture? Traditionally, the religious freedom act was meant to apply to individuals and religious organizations. But some for-profit businesses also objected to the contraceptive mandate. One of these was Hobby Lobby, a privately held chain of craft stores whose owners are evangelical Christians. In its 2014 ruling, the Supreme Court ruled 5-to-4 in favor of Hobby Lobby, extending RFRA's protections to closely held for-profit corporations (family owned businesses and those with a limited number of shareholders). To comply with Hobby Lobby, the Obama administration extended the religious-nonprofit accommodation to closely held for-profit companies whose owners objected to birth control on the basis of religion. Thus, if the Supreme Court were to rule in favor of the nonprofits, closely held for-profit companies and their employees would also likely be affected.
How many nonprofits have filed Form 700? How many have notified the government of religious objections by letter? The exact numbers aren't known. A 2015 Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that an estimated 3 percent of nonprofits with 10 or more employees—and 10 percent of nonprofits with 5,000 or more employees—had asked for accommodation for religious reasons. (Kaiser surveyed 1,997 public and private employers with three or more workers.) The immediate aftermath of a pro-Zubik ruling, said Kaiser policy analyst Laurie Sobel, would be an unknown number of women and dependents losing contraceptive coverage: There's no way to know which of the nonprofits that complied with the accommodation would take an exemption from the mandate if they could. The nonprofits argue that the government could step in to provide birth control coverage through the Affordable Care Act's health care exchange.
The immediate aftermath of a pro-Zubik ruling, said Kaiser policy analyst Laurie Sobel, would be an unknown number of women and dependents losing contraceptive coverage.
How might the Justice Antonin Scalia vacancy affect the court's decision? Scalia's death in February means that Hobby Lobby‘s five-justice majority is no more. A 4-4 tie would leave the decisions of the different federal appeals courts in effect in those jurisdictions. Justices could request that the arguments be reheard next term, but Republicans in the Senate have vowed not to act on Obama's nomination of Merrick Garland (or any other candidate to replace Scalia) until a new administration takes over in 2017. Some court watchers speculate that Justice Anthony Kennedy, a frequent swing vote, could make the ruling 5-3 in favor of the government. Although Kennedy agreed with the majority in Hobby Lobby, they wrote a separate concurrence arguing that the majority opinion didn't have the “breadth and sweep” that dissenters claimed.
The Church of Latter Day Saints and the National Association of Evangelicals filed friend-of-the-court briefs supporting the nonprofits, but wait: Don't they approve of contraception? That's right. The Mormon Church believes that contraception is a private decision for a married couple. (The church disavows abortion.) A 2010 report by the National Association of Evangelicals found that almost 90 percent of evangelical leaders approved of contraception. Regardless of those stances, the two groups and several other religious organizations say they're more worried about religious freedom. “It is the Government's attempt to dilute RFRA—not the issue of contraception—that lends this case broad significance,” the groups wrote in a friend-of-the-court brief. Meanwhile, some religious organizations—such as Catholics for Choice and the American Jewish Committee—filed briefs in support of the government, citing women's rights and the rights of individuals to make private choices.
Are any other groups interested in the outcome of the ruling? Yes. LGBT groups in particular are worried that extending the reach of the religious freedom act would give new impetus to religious nonprofits that object to gay marriage. “[We] already anticipate religious employer refusals to making Social Security payments that would protect a same-sex spouse,” Lambda Legal Defense and Educational Fund wrote in a friend-of-the-court brief. Similarly, death-with-dignity groups worry that Catholic hospitals will refuse to transfer patients to facilities more open to physician-assisted suicide. Elizabeth Wydra of the Constitutional Accountability Center said the potential impact on LGBT rights was “something to be concerned about.” At the same time, Wydra pointed to Alito's majority opinion in Hobby Lobby, which specified that the decision was not intended to “provide a shield for employers who might cloak illegal discrimination as a religious practice.”
Like this story? See our reading list for the other important reproductive rights case at the Supreme Court this term, Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt.
School-Based Intervention Team Resources Page [Updated January 2009]
The School-Based Intervention Team (SBIT) Project trains teams of educators at a school to work together as effective problem-solvers. Using the SBIT model, teams learn how to uncover the underlying reasons that a student might be experiencing academic or behavioral difficulties and to assemble practical, classroom-friendly interventions to address those student problems. SBIT Teams are made up of volunteers drawn from general- and special-education teachers and support staff.
The SBIT project was first developed in 1994 by the Syracuse (NY) City School District. The New York State Education Depart ment has recognized the SBIT project as an exemplary program for training schools to run effective pre-referral intervention teams. A number of other school districts in New York State and around the nation have adopted the SBIT problem-solving model for their own students.
SBIT forms and related resources are posted on the Intervention Central web site with the permission of the Syracuse City School District. Schools are welcome to download these materials as a guide to setting up their own pre-referral intervention teams.
For more information about SBIT, contact:
Stephanie Burt Pelcher
School-Based Intervention Team Coordinator
Syracuse City School District
1153 West Fayette Street
Suite 200
Syracuse, NY 13204 PH: 315-435-4236 Email: spelcher@verizon.net
Elementary Problem-Solving Team Forms (Revised October 2010) Here are updated forms from the Syracuse (NY) City School District for problem-solving teams: School-Based Intervention Teams (SBIT) Forms (Revised October 2010). The School-Based Intervention Team is designed to function as an RTI problem-solving team in elementary schools. This packet includes forms for teacher referral, recording interventions developed at the meeting, a 'QuickGuide' to help team members to follow the problem-solving process, and more. Middle School Problem-Solving Team Forms (Revised October 2008) Support Team for At-Risk Students (STARS) Forms (Revised October 2008). The Support Team for At-Risk Students is an RTI problem-solving team model designed for middle schools. This packet includes forms for teacher referral, recording interventions developed at the meeting, and other resources Additional School-Based Intervention Team Resources SBIT
Inspirational Video Roll 'em: SBIT Inspirational Video. The Syracuse (NY) School-Based Intervention Team (SBIT) project has put together a short (5-minute) movie with inspirational quotes for educators. You can use this brief video to provide an uplifting note at training sessions for intervention teams.
Downloading Directions: This 11-MB movie file is in mpeg ('.mpg') format. It has a running time of about 4 mins 30 seconds. To download and save to your computer, right-click on the movie graphic and choose 'Save Target As...': TIP: If you have trouble downloading, you can try returning to the site at a less busy time to download this movie file. FAQs About the SBIT Project . This brief, easy-to-read introduction to the School-Based Intervention Team Project can be shared with administrators, teachers, parents, and other audiences who want to learn more about the SBIT pre-referral intervention team model. The School Pre-Referral Intervention Team: A Checklist for Getting Started . Newly formed pre-referral intervention team can take steps early in the school year to greatly increase its chances of success. This checklist offers a concise framework for quickly establishing your team as an effective teacher support. Motivating the 'Reluctant' Teacher: Six Strategies for Pre-Referral Intervention Teams . Change is difficult-especially in schools! Pre-referral intervention teams sometimes find that teachers in their buildings are reluctant to refer students to them or may be unwilling to carry out the intervention plans agreed to at an intervention-team meeting. Presented in this handout are six key 'social influence' strategies for motivating teachers to use your pre-referral intervention team and follow through with interventions. Tools for Intervention Team 'Tune-Ups' . Even those pre-referral intervention teams that have been working together for a long time will find it beneficial to reflect occasionally on their overall effectiveness. This section contains forms that problem-solving teams may find useful to identify areas in their functioning that need improvement and to generate possible solutions for these gaps. Among these forms are a 'School-Based Intervention Team Effectiveness Rating Scale'. This rating scale looks at 'critical items' in team functioning and provides the SBIT Team with invaluable information about those areas in which the team is doing well and those in which the team may be struggling.
On Wednesday, David Sirota, in conjunction with Josh Keefe and Andrew Perez, broke a story about Republican New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez being involved in exactly the kind of "pay to play" scheme they were elected to stop. It's journalism at its best and even though it's unlikely to take Martinez down (because Republicans rarely ever pay for their scandals), it's exactly what the point of a free press is.
Yet, just a few hours before that, Sirota tweeted what is possibly the stupidest "both sides are bad" comparison I've seen since the election:
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Poor America! Trapped between Democrats trying to get healthcare to millions of people and Republicans trying to take it away. It's like two sides of the same coin! If that coin existed in an alternate reality where getting healthcare and losing it were morally equivalent.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
But since we don't live in that bizzaro reality, it begs the question: What the fuck is Sirota talking about? He's clearly not stupid but is they seriously suggesting that the Democrats' efforts to stabilize the insurance markets and get more people insured is the moral equivalent of the Republican effort to abolish Obamacare?
The answer, sadly, is "yes" and this is where the full hideousness of purity politics comes into focus. Sirota, safe in their well paying career, is all in on Bernie's single payer plan. Not symbolically, but literally. As in they clearly believe that if only the Democratic Party clicks its heels and wishes upon a star really, really hard, it can will it into existence. In this fantasy, the mere act of fighting to save Obamacare is a betrayal of progressive values because Obamacare itself is the Original Sin that Sirota has been whining about since 2010:
Clearly, this is a telling indictment of the health care law itself, strongly suggesting that it was constructed by the Obama administration — as some progressives argued — as a massive taxpayer-financed giveaway to private insurers like WellPoint.
Sirota, still safe in their career and free from worry about affording healthcare, has had the luxury of railing against a law that has saved tens of thousands of lives and lifted hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people out of poverty. Sirota has never had to worry about getting breast cancer and having their policy canceled. Or worry about lifetime caps. Or pre-existing conditions. Or any of the other myriad problems Obamacare solved for the people Sirota claims to fight for.
They don't have to worry so he's free to ignore the destruction of Obamacare next week because it won't affect them and, hey, when the system collapses, Republicans will have no choice but to pass single payer. If that sounds breathtakingly stupid, well, that's purity politics for you. It's the art of abandoning what works in favor of not getting anything done at all so you can sulk about it in perpetuity. Republicans will allow single payer right about the same time the Sun burns out and the universe goes dark for all eternity. Sirota knows this. They know single payer cannot pass as long as Republicans wield even the tiniest crumb of power.
Their solution? Undermine the Democratic Party at every opportunity to keep them from amassing the overwhelming power necessary to effect real change.
Sirota has spent so much time in the anti-establishment echo chamber he's lost sight of what it is he's fighting for. You cannot call yourself a progressive and be willing to throw millions under the bus for a fantasy. Sirota will sneer at me as an "establishment shill" and send their gaggle of useful idiots after me to fling poop on Twitter but none of that changes their underlying calculus that sacrificing millions is worth it as long as they get what they want. They won't be doing the sacrificing, of course, but he'll be happy to blame Hillary for their suffering way up there in their ivory tower of moral purity. And if the Democratic Party gets kicked in the groin as their signature healthcare achievement of the last 50 years gets repealed? Well that's just fine and dandy with Sirota.
Sirota is an excellent reporter who just happens to embody everything wrong with the Purity Left. They accuse everyone else of selling out their principles but they've become so obsessed with petty revenge against "the establishment", they're blind to the damage they're doing to everything they say they believe in. Trump and the GOP are destroying civil liberties, the environment, world peace, everything Sirota champions but he's so consumed with rage at the Democratic Party, he'd rather watch them fail then help them stop the destruction.
I tweeted a prediction to Sirota a few months ago and they dismissed it as nonsense. I hope I'm wrong but the Purity Left has been painfully easy to anticipate for the past two years and I can see this coming from a mile away. Nothing makes the Purity Left angrier than the success of the Democratic Party because being right has taken on far more importance than making actual progress:
Remember this article in 2020 when Warren runs and Sirota declares that she's an establishment sellout. He's already started on Kamala Harris.
At this point in time, with the GOP being led by a white supremacist openly supporting white nationalism while pursuing an agenda of pure destruction and greed, there is no conceivable way to look at both parties and judge them to be in the same moral universe. Republican leadership is so comically dishonest and nakedly hungry for power they are aiding and abetting literal treason.
The Democrats, on the other hand, are fighting tooth and nail to keep Dreamers from being deported, healthcare from stripped from millions, and to keep Russia from stealing another election.
Yet Sirota and their cohort can't stop drawing breathtakingly dishonest false equivalences between both parties. You don't have to be a neo-liberal status quo loving Wall Street sellout like me to recognize that something has gone terribly wrong in the progressive movement that when confronted with actual Nazis, the Purity Left looks at the Democratic Party and doesn't really see a difference.
If you feel I'm being divisive but can't see how Sirota seriously equating Trump's Republican Party to Schumer and Pelosi's Democratic Party is a direct assault on the concept of unity, you might just be part of the problem.
There are 410 days left to the 2018 elections. That's how long Sirota has to convince everyone they can to not vote for Democrats.
- This article kills fascists but not when my own side is trying to stab me in the back because I hurt their feelings.
Please consider becoming a paid member of The Daily Banter and supporting us in holding the Trump administration to account. Your help is needed more than ever, and is greatly appreciated.
On the 4th of October 1966 — almost exactly 50 years ago — the great Indian democrat Jayaprakash Narayan spoke at a seminar on Kashmir held in New Delhi. The Valley was in turmoil; the popular leader Sheikh Abdullah was under arrest, and the state government was widely believed to be both incompetent and corrupt. ‘JP' began their talk by clearly stating that this was a dispute between ‘the government of India and the people of the state'. JP believed that Pakistan had no locus standi in Kashmir, because of its past, perfidious, actions. As they put it, ‘the real desire of the Government of Pakistan is to seize the valley. Twice they tried to capture it by force, but they failed'.
Read: The time has come for a programme to reduce the risks of a fifth Indo-Pak war
But even if one put Pakistan outside the equation, the problem remained. For, said JP in 1966, ‘perhaps there is more discontent today amongst the people of the state than at any earlier time. There is more anti-India feeling among them than before'.
How should the government react to this discontent? JP was clear that ‘it will be a suicide of the soul of India, if India tried to suppress the Kashmiri people by force'. Rather than rely on repression, what ‘the Government of India can do is go back to the 1947-53 days, that is, go back to the time when the state had acceded to India only in three subjects [i.e. Defence, Foreign Affairs, and Communications]. This would mean providing for the fullest possible autonomy'.
Back in October 1966, Jayaprakash Narayan insisted that if, in Kashmir, ‘we continue to rule by force and suppress these people and crush them or change the racial or religious character of their state by colonization, or by any other means, then I think that means politically a most obnoxious thing to do'. They continued: ‘Kashmir has cost us a great deal and it is time that every one who is a patriot in this country thought seriously about a really good solution. I have already told you what I think is a really good solution' (i.e. the fullest internal autonomy).
Read: JP preferred hustle of prison to hush in PGI ward
JP's concern for the dignity and well-being of Kashmiris was of long-standing. Many (but not all) of their statements on the subject are contained in JP on Jammu and Kashmir, a book edited in 2005 by the late Balraj Puri, themselves a scholar and democrat of conspicuous integrity.
Read: It's not Jammu or Kashmir
Two years before their talk in Delhi in 1966, JP wrote an essay on Kashmir in the Hindustan Times. There they remarked: ‘No matter how aggressively we affirm that Kashmir‘s accession to India is final and irrevocable the world does not accept it, the “azad Kashmir” area remains under Pakistan, the cease-fire line remains, the two armies remain facing each other, the minorities in both India and Pakistan continue to live in fear, discontent in Kashmir simmers and might have to be put down by force'.
JP pressed for justice in Kashmir continuously through the 1960s and 1970s. They did so when Nehru was prime minister, when Shastri was prime minister, when Indira Gandhi was prime minister. In June 1966 they wrote Mrs Gandhi a remarkable letter about a problem that had (at that stage) ‘plagued this country for 19 years'. JP believed ‘the problem exists not because Pakistan wants to grab Kashmir, but because there is deep and widespread political discontent among the people. The people of India might be kept in the dark about the true state of affairs in the Valley, but every chancellery in New Delhi knows the truth, and almost every foreign correspondent'.
‘Kashmir has distorted India's image for the world as nothing else has done,' said JP to the prime minister. The only way to get rid of this black mark on Indian democracy was to assure the Kashmiris ‘full internal autonomy, i.e., a return to the original terms of the accession'.
JP's letter to Mrs Gandhi continued: 'To think that we will eventually wear down the people and force them to accept at least passively the Union is to delude ourselves. That might conceivably have happened had Kashmir not been geographically located where it is. In its present location, and with seething discontent among the people, it would never be left in peace by Pakistan.'
The prime minister wrote a brief note back, thanking JP ‘for sharing your views on Kashmir'. But no action was taken on their letter. That was not surprising, because Indira Gandhi disliked JP. However, the ruling dispensation in New Delhi now, 50 years later, professes great respect for JP, not least because of their struggle against the authoritarian regime of Indira Gandhi. Indeed, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and several of their Cabinet colleagues have spoken feelingly of their own baptism in the ‘JP movement'.
Modi and their ministers say they admire JP. But can they, will they, listen to JP on Kashmir? The discontent in the Valley is wider and deeper now than in 1966. A major change since JP's day is the growing influence of radical Islam in the Valley. JP would have condemned this. But they would have been even more critical of the continuing repression by the Indian State. They would have noted, too, that in the world of the Internet no longer can the rest of India be kept in the dark about what is going on in Kashmir.
JP on Jammu and Kashmir is still in print. Perhaps the PM, the PMO, the NSA and the home minister should order copies, and study its contents carefully. For these words of JP are as relevant in 2016 as they were in 1966: ‘It will be a suicide of the soul of India, if India tried to suppress the Kashmiri people by force.' And, further: ‘Kashmir has distorted India's image for the world as nothing else has done.'
Ramachandra Guha's most recent book is Gandhi Before India
Twitter: @Ram_Guha
The views expressed are personal
First Published: Sep 24, 2016 22:05 IST
Photo: Josh Sanseri
Ben Schneider, the nucleus of L.A.-based indie-folk act Lord Huron, has always filled their lyrics with expansive descriptions of natural landscapes and existential conflict. On Lord Huron's latest album, Strange Trails, those descriptions are often dark and apocalyptic, packed with creepy desert towns, scorched earth, and end-times premonitions. But Schneider never lets the weight of their subject matter dictate the mood of their songs; Lord Huron's music is delightfully easygoing. Smooth harmonies and simple acoustic arrangements come down like a gentle country breeze even when Schneider is singing about the end of the world.
Originally from Michigan, the handsome, bearded outdoorsman also has a flair for the literary. Lonesome Dreams, from 2012, was a concept album based entirely off of the fake Western fiction of George Ranger Johnson, an author of Schneider's imagination, and for whom Schneider created a website. For Lord Huron's latest outing, a five-song contribution to the A Walk in the Woods soundtrack, Schneider didn't have to dream up another author for inspiration. The film, directed by Ken Kwapis, is based on the travel writing of Bill Bryson, whose book of the same title chronicles their journey hiking the Appalachian Trail.
“It was a pleasure to see our music paired with the beautiful Appalachian imagery of the movie,” Schneider tells Vulture of the collaboration. “Like Bryson's book and Ken's movie, ‘The Birds Are Singing at Night' acknowledges our small and fleeting occupancy in the universe — a realization of the massive scale and ancientness of the natural world. Following the initial sense of insignificance and regret comes a sense of wonder and strange comfort.”
Ancientness and mortality aside, the song “The Birds Are Singing at Night” is a slow-burning folk tune that captures the spiritual and transcendental intensity of America's most iconic mountain range. It starts with delicate strings, a sitar, and Schneider's echoey timbre. A skittering, low-slung percussion builds toward a triumphant salute that'll make you want to go find some nature (or maybe just watch an episode of Amazing Planet with a glass of wine). Listen to the song in the exclusive Vulture premiere below.
The Walk in the Woods soundtrack will be released tomorrow via Varèse Sarabande. Lord Huron tours through the fall.
According to an old stereotype, a librarian is a socially awkward woman with bad hair who checks out books to some people and tells others to be quiet. Librarians have fairly successfully battled that stereotype. At least no one assumes that a librarian has to be unattractive, incapable of having fun, or even a woman. But as long as people still think of a library as just a warehouse for books, people will misunderstand the job of a librarian. Just as a library is much more than a warehouse, a librarian is much more than a clerk who works in a library instead of a store.
Before the Internet age, even before the invention of the printing press, librarians kept track not only of the books in their own library, but books held by other librarians that their patrons might want to consult. Describing a book so someone else can tell if it suits their needs can be surprisingly difficult.
For one example, if an author is known by more than one name (as an early example, a Latin form or vernacular form, or having a full name on one document and only initials on another), how can everything that person wrote be kept together? And if they have a common name, how their writings be distinguished from anyone else's? Little by little , librarians developed rules to deal with those difficulties so they could compile adequate catalogs of their holding. To use a modern buzz word, the catalogs comprised metadata– data about data.
Nowadays, with so much information available via computer or even newer electronic gadget, people are starting to question the need for libraries. They don't realize that librarians pioneered electronic information in the first place. In fact, the very first electronic metadata system was invented by a librarian at the Library of Congress. A catalog is not only metadata, it is also a kind of database. Keeping track of all the articles that appear in magazines, newspapers, and other periodicals requires a different kind of database, which librarians invented and as quickly as possible made available by computer.
Not all books–or other print materials or sound recordings or videos, etc. that preexist the Internet–are available online. Nor is there any likelihood that they all will be any time in the foreseeable future. What's more, not everything online is free and available to search engines. Vast amounts of the most reliable information exists only on databases that cost thousands of dollars in annual subscriptions–so much that only libraries can afford them.
So who is a librarian? First a data hound. Librarians have been hunting and gathering information for centuries. They have collected all the latest technologies while preserving older materials and have described all of it in order to help other people locate what they want or need. (I use information broadly, because of course, people are as likely to read or listen or watch for entertainment as to learn anything.)
Second, a librarian is a guide through the burgeoning jungle of information and information technology. If you need a book, the librarian will find it for you. If you need a government document, statistics, the latest research on nanotechnology, answers to a particular question, or something to read (listen to, or watch) for sheer enjoyment, the librarian will find it for you. In fact, if everything you need is freely available on Google, a librarian will find more of it, and faster, than you can find yourself.
Third, a librarian will help you not only search, but evaluate whatever you find and choose what is most suitable for your needs. After all, not everything you can find in print or online is true, reliable, or trustworthy. Not everything is well written (or well performed, or well whatever else). And not everything that is excellent necessarily fits your needs.
Fourth, a librarian works in a library, which is a place where you can not only find and use information yourself, but also collaborate with others. The library owns expensive equipment and software so you and your collaborators do not have to buy it. And even if everyone in your group owns, say PowerPoint, or your project doesn't require any kind of advanced technology, the library has meeting rooms where you can work together. Librarians will check one out to you and show you how to use whatever equipment it has.
Hmm. We've gone from checking out books to checking out meeting rooms and expensive equipment. But at least we don't expect that the helpful librarian has bad hair and an aversion to conversation!
Photo credit:
© Gwen's River City Images
Unlikely A-League top-scorer James Troisi is confident Melbourne Victory can handle a hectic schedule after qualifying for the Asian Champions League (ACL) group stage.
Victory has at least 14 games in the next nine weeks - including three trips to Asia and challenging A-League away days in Brisbane, Perth, Newcastle and Wellington to contend with in the season's run-in.
After an AAMI Park date with late-season fliers Adelaide United on Saturday, Victory starts their ACL campaign with the toughest possible assignment: a mid-week trip to 2013 champions Guangzhou Evergrande.
Evergrande have won the past three Chinese titles and boast 2006 World Cup winning coach Marcello Lippi, who is being paid many times more the A-League club's salary cap for the privilege.
Their playing list includes several Chinese internationals headed by national captain Zheng Zhi and Italian international Alessandro Diamanti.
Diamanti played alongside Troisi in the Serie A last season, with the Victory man in no doubts of their quality.
"I watched them last season with Bologna, he's a really good player," Troisi said.
"It's going to be tough. The whole group is tough but we're looking forward to that."
Victory's mid-season form blip means they have yet to guarantee a spot in the A-League finals, but Troisi wouldn't hear of the ACL being a distraction or a hindrance.
"We went through a hard patch but I think we've shaken that off and as a whole team started to play really well," they said.
"I think it's fantastic for me and the club."
Despite their enthusiasm, Troisi cannot win the tournament with Victory as their loan agreement from Italian side Atalanta lasts only as long as the A-League season and a potential round of 16 ACL clash.
Troisi is the sole midfielder in a four-way tie at the top of the A-League golden boot alongside Jets striker Adam Taggart, Phoenix frontman Stijn Huysegems and Heart's hat-trick hero David Williams with nine goals each.
Troisi's ACL goal on Saturday and three A-League assists gives them a statistical edge over their rivals.
He's happy with Victory's ACL group stage matches which they equate to six more games to catch Ange Postecoglou's eye ahead of the World Cup.
"One of the main reasons coming back here was to get into the Socceroos. It's obviously in the back of my mind and every Australian player's mind," they said.
"Because I'm back scoring everyone thinks I'm back in form but for me I've been trying to do the same thing week in, week out."
Troisi last played for the Socceroos in 2012 against Saudi Arabia and has yet to feature under Postecoglou.
JEMIMA DIKI SHERPA
There are things that happen when you are an upper-middle class girl from Kathmandu.
There is the autumn sun, which takes the chill off the morning and raises a haze of moisture from the prickly grass. There are carpets and blankets and mattresses spread out to air and dry. You lie down on one, your back warming gently, your stomach pressed against musty foam and cotton. It is Dasain, the sky blue dotted with warring kites, and they emerge from the house you are visiting.  They are older, but in your eleven-year-old eyes you do not know how much; maybe five years, maybe eight, maybe more. They too lie belly-down, plucking at the spikes of grass, the outside of their elbow bumping yours. They sit up abruptly, their thigh pushing into your side. They take off their thin jacket and shifts so that their head is resting against the small of your back, their lean body perpendicular to yours, their torso and their jeans on the even green grass. The sun is too warm now, and so is the nape of their neck on the curve of your waist, and you are afraid to move. They shift slightly, and you feel their fingers creeping up underneath your shirt, caressing the curve of your still-forming breast, and gliding up to the crook of your underarm. “There's not even any hair,” they say, amusement in their voice as their hand explores. You have frozen, and their head against your back feels like the heaviest thing in the world. There is a clank at the metal gate, and suddenly they are gone.
There is the neighbourhood shopfront where a glass window has gone up inside the blue shutter, advertising internet, phone calling and cheap DVDs in streaky enamel paint. It is late spring and the pre-monsoon clouds hang heavy over a city that wishes for nothing more than rain. The shop, elevated three feet above the street by uneven concrete steps, has become the local hangout for bored young men. Every day they sit on these steps, all blue jeans and cheap motorcycles, laughing and swearing. You pass, your fourteen-year-old body straining against you thirteen-and-a-half year old clothes, and they suddenly fall silent, and you can feel their eyes as your shoulders hunch forward, face down and your steps quicken. “Kyaaa cha yaar!” the witty one yells, and they laugh, maybe three of them today, maybe ten, and you wish you could live somewhere, anywhere that you didn't have to walk past this.
There is the awful afternoon where you get off a tempo at Sundhara, seventeen years old and still in your uniform, shapeless pants and pin striped shirt. You hand the too-young conductor a fistful of change, notes worn cloth-soft and coins that leave a metallic tang on your fingertips, and you step down into the chaos. Earlier purple-grey clouds have poured fat raindrops on the streets, and mud squelches beneath your shoes as you join the mass of humanity making its way past Dharahara. It is nearly evening, and you move as part of the crowd, step for step, hip to hip, shoulder to shoulder, a river of faces. Sensibly, you cradle your bag, clasping it tight against your side. Then there is the touch among the many touches, the push amidst the jostling from all sides, the slow, deliberate movement of body against your body. You turn, and the man smiles strangely, their eyes fixed on your face in a look of triumph. Their dark blue pants are unzipped, and for the longest seconds you glimpse the angry flesh of their cock straining in their hand and the line they drew with it along your ass moments earlier burns like a brand.
Then there are the things you hear.
There is the whispered confidence of a barely-teen friend about a crowded night car ride where their father's friend suggests they sit on their lap, and holds them there as their hand surreptitiously strokes along their thigh. Later there are other whispers, about another girl who is abruptly married young, so very young, to a man they do not know. ‘Kastari ruyo, bichari,' say the select few invited.
There is the childish afternoon at the city zoo where between the monkey enclosure and the cramped pacing leopard, a woman in a green kurtha lets out a shriek and claws at a man, screaming as other people try to drag them off. “This is him, this is the one!” they yell, and you grasp your brother's hand. “Why is they angry?” they ask, trusting you to know, so you reply, “I think they stole something from her.” But you know that's not quite right, and the words ijjat lutyo bury themselves in your mind until, suddenly, when you're older, you understand.
There is the man who you call uncle, splashing hot water into peg after peg of whiskey, their deep cigarette laugh infectious. With impeccable comic timing they sketch travelling the Nepal from before the Nepal we know; and they say, “and then we'd chase those girls into the jungle, and have some fun! Nai nai bhanthyo, of course, but hamro jasto hoina, tyeta arkai cha…” and you realise what they mean, and the laugh dies on your lips.
Then there are the things you feel.
There's the group of male friends, joking over coffee, and you take it as an honour when they start talking like you're just one of the guys, until you listen to what they're saying and who they're saying it about, and you feel the flash of shame as you sit, quiet. There's the lump rising in your throat as you're rattling home along quiet streets and your taxi driver brakes and another man jumps in the front seat, and they laugh at the note of panic in your voice and assure you it's fine, they're friends, just giving them a ride bahini, of course we're still going east. There's the moment when the boy you're stealing kisses with pulls you closer and you pull back and say stop, please, and for an instant they won't, and you realise just how much stronger they are than you; then they groan and lets you go, and relief comes and you hate yourself for doubting they are one of the good ones.
And then, every day, there is what you know as an upper-middle class Kathmandu girl.
You know that your privileges are your shield, your educated voice, your parent's names, the walls and dogs that guard you, the quality of the clothing you wear and the company you keep. You know that these are the things that have saved you countless times from the ‘bad' being the ‘or worse', because these give you an imperfect measure of protection by making you a difficult and unpredictable target, the kind of girl who could cause a fuss and someone would take notice.
And you know, always, always, that you have just been lucky; that these men that surround the many unlucky women in the newspapers and the far-too-many others whose stories never make the pages, these are the same men that surround you too.
Ed Greenwood – New York Times best-selling author of almost 200 books and thousands upon thousands of articles, short stories, game modules, campaign settings and more – has inspired creative expression and a love of “story” in the hearts of millions of gamers and readers. Their novels alone have sold more than 20 million copies in over 30 languages; there are an estimated 50 million-plus copies of their creations out there somewhere.
Amazon.com Widgets
It is a rare opportunity to sit down with one of your heroes. To do so with the astonishing Alasdair Stuart as my co-host makes this an unparalleled delight. The three of us indulge in (far more than) 20 minutes of writerly discourse with the “Archmage”, exploring the qualities of satisfying fiction, how to keep track of a massive storyverse, the future of storytelling, and more. Settle in and buckle up, dear friends… THIS is a legendary conversation. (and just when you think it can't get any better, check out Ed's epic story workshop!)
PROMO: “Glow-in-the-Dark Radio” with Mike Luoma
Showcase Episode: 20 Minutes with Ed Greenwood
[caution: mature language – listener discretion is advised]
We have a FORUM! Share your comments to this (or any) episode over at the RTP Forum!
Check out this and all our episodes on iTunes and on Stitcher Radio!
Ed cuts a swath of awesomeness across the internet…
There are amazing things going on at The Office of Ed Greenwood! No seriously… the wonders unfolding there will blow your mind.
Their latest project – Onder Librum – is ambitious and inspiring in scope and diversity. Check it out!
Their Amazon Page goes for miles and STILL doesn't encompass the full canon of their work!
And you can always stay in touch with their daily doings on Facebook and Twitter
Alasdair Stuart… find them (it's not hard, he's EVERYWHERE)
Their blog is a veritable cornucopia of insights, wisdom, humor, and food (yes food). Go for the words, stay for the good vibe.
He's the evil genius of Escape Artists, creators of EscapePod, Pseudopod, and Podcastle
Check out Mothership Zeta, the latest Escape Artists imprint
Follow them on the Twitters and the Facebooks
They also blog for Bleeding Cool and SFX too!
And there's also THIS bit of literary fabulousity…
Image copyright PA
A new global fund is being launched to help developing countries fend off challenges to tobacco control measures by cigarette makers.
The $4m (£2.7m) fund is a joint effort by Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
They say tobacco control gains are being put at risk by the industry's use of trade agreements and litigation.
But tobacco companies argue they are protecting investments, including intellectual property rights.
The fund has been launched in Abu Dhabi at an international conference on tobacco control.
The former New York City mayor, Michael Bloomberg, said: "The significant gains we have seen in efforts to reduce tobacco use are at risk of being undermined by the tobacco industry's use of trade agreements and litigation."
Both philanthropists say the purpose of the targeted fund is to help countries such as Uruguay, which has spent the past five years fighting a challenge by a cigarette company against the use of graphic health warnings on packets.
This is about sovereignty and whether a country has the right to set its own public health policies. Michael Bloomberg, Former New York mayor
Australia is also facing a case by the World Trade Organisation and the tobacco company Philip Morris International against its recent law, allowing cigarettes only to be sold in standardised packaging.
Similar laws have now been passed in Ireland - and in the UK earlier this week.
Mr Gates added: "Country leaders who are trying to protect their citizens from the harms of tobacco should not be deterred by threats of costly legal challenges from huge tobacco companies.
"Australia won its first case, which sends a strong message. But smaller, developing countries don't have the same resources."
'No free ride'
One of the purposes of the Anti-Tobacco Trade Litigation Fund will be to create a network of senior lawyers - some working pro bono - who are experienced in trade litigation.
The criteria for poorer countries to receive help include the size of the population that will benefit from tobacco control law, and the importance of the outcome to other countries considering similar laws.
Both philanthropic organisations hope the initial investment will grow, with other donors joining the effort.
Mr Bloomberg said: "The bottom line is people are stopping smoking. And so we think this is a good battle.
"It is certainly a cause worth fighting for. A billion people's lives are at stake."
As mayor of New York City, they banned smoking in public places in 2003. Since leaving office, Mr Bloomberg has funded and campaigned for countries to adopt tobacco control policies.
They added: "No one is a stronger supporter of capitalism and trade than I am. This is about sovereignty and whether a country has the right to set its own public health policies.
"The fact that there is a fund dedicated to taking on the tobacco companies in court sends a message that they're not going to get a free ride."
A spokesperson for Philip Morris International said: "We respect a government's authority to regulate in the public interest and we believe that sound tobacco control policy and compliance with international law can easily co-exist, as many countries around the world have demonstrated for years.
"Governments can and should honour their international obligations when enacting tobacco control measures, and this fund can provide them with resources to do so."
WASHINGTON -- The fast growing medical marijuana trade is on pace to eclipse the market for Viagra, the first sophisticated analysis of the industry found in a report out Wednesday. The study only focused on transactions, ignoring ancillary businesses that serve the industry, such as insurance companies, law firms, public affairs companies or hydroponic equipment makers.
Medical marijuana sales will total $1.7 billion in 2011, just $200 million less than sales for Viagra, Ted Rose, the study's author, said in a conference call with reporters. The industry has ballooned since the Obama administration declared that it would not raid pot shops as long as they were acting within state law.
The significance of the industry was demonstrated by the list of news outlets on the conference call, which included reporters from CNN Money, Dow Jones, The Associated Press, Fox News and Portfolio.
The report was produced by See Change Strategy and is targeted to medical marijuana businesses, which can purchase the full report for $1,150. An executive summary was made available at MedicalMarijuanaMarkets.com.
The report surveyed just seven states where medical marijuana is bought and sold in the open market: California, Colorado, Michigan, Montana, Washington, Oregon and New Mexico. Four other states -- Arizona, Rhode Island, New Jersey and Maine, plus the District of Columbia -- will see legally sanctioned pot shops open later this year. Medical weed is legal in Hawaii, Nevada, Alaska and Vermont, but those states don't yet have stores operating in the open. (Nevada does have a few pot shops in operation, but not enough to move it into the first category yet.)
Roughly three-quarters of the trade is done in California, the report found, with much of the rest done in Colorado, meaning there is tremendous room for growth in coming years. The market will reach $8.9 billion within five years, the report found, barring a policy reversal from the federal government.
Today, one in four Americans live in one of the states where pot is openly bought and sold. By consulting with epidemiologists, the study's authors concluded that 24.8 million people live with conditions that would make them eligible for legal medical marijuana -- a number that continues to grow and could have political significance come election time.
(Erbil) – The Iraqi government should promptly investigate an airstrike that hit a school housing displaced people near Tikrit on September 1, 2014. The attack killed at least 31 civilians, including 24 children, and wounded 41 others. According to three survivors, no fighters from the armed group Islamic State or other military objects were in or around the school at the time.
The attack occurred around 11:30 p.m. on September 1 on the Al-Alam Vocational High School for Industry in the Alwayi Al-Thawri neighborhood of Al-Alam, 18 kilometers northeast of the city of Tikrit. The area is under the control of Islamic State, formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Sham (ISIS).
“Iraq's allies in the fight against ISIS need to put pressure on Baghdad to stop this kind of violence,” said Fred Abrahams, special adviser. “ISIS is incredibly brutal, but that's no excuse for what the Iraqi government is doing.”
On September 13, new Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered the Iraqi Air Force to “halt shelling of civilian areas even in those towns controlled by ISIS.” The unprecedented order could help minimize civilian casualties but accountability for past unlawful attacks is still needed, Human Rights Watch said.
The three survivors and a local resident told Human Rights Watch that they heard an aircraft, most likely a helicopter, fly over the area shortly before midnight, followed by a large explosion at the school. The unidentified munition hit the school courtyard, where dozens of displaced people from Tikrit had gathered.
Based on a list provided by one of the survivors, the attack killed six men, eight women, and 24 children. Thirty-two people died immediately and six died later from their wounds, the survivor said. Fifteen of the 41 wounded were children.
The member of parliament from Al-Alam, Ashwaq al-Jabouri, said that 31 people died in the attack and 11 were wounded. They called on the presidency of the Iraqi parliament to investigate.
The Iraqi government told Human Rights Watch on September 13 that the pilot involved had targeted a car that the military thought was transporting Islamic State fighters. The car drove near the school and was apparently carrying explosives when the missile struck it, causing an explosion that was “far larger than normal,” the government said.
The three survivors, interviewed by phone, told Human Rights Watch that about 70 people from the extended Albu Nassir family had been living in the school for about two months prior to the attack. The group had fled Tikrit when the Islamic State took that city in late June. ISIS seized control of Al-Alam on June 23 after townspeople fought them for two weeks.
“There was no ISIS in the school,” one of the survivors said. “We're all tribesmen and according to our traditions we don't let strangers sit with our families.”
Islamic State fighters were in the Al-Alam area and the Alwayi Al-Thawri neighborhood, including at times in a police station 250 meters west of the school, two of the survivors and two local residents said. But the three survivors Human Rights Watch interviewed said there were no fighters or military equipment in or around the school at the time of the attack.
Two of the survivors and one neighborhood resident said Islamic State fighters had fired at an Iraqi government aircraft flying over the town at about 6 p.m. on September 1, approximately five hours before the attack on the school. There was no fighting in the area after that, they said.
The Iraqi military has carried out multiple attacks in Tikrit and nearby areas in its fight against Islamic State. One man who fled Tikrit told Human Rights Watch that a government airstrike on August 27 hit a home where their family and eight others, all from the extended Albu Nassir family, were staying in the village of Samra, eight kilometers north of Al-Alam. The attack killed six members of the man's family, including two children and two pregnant women, and wounded 20 other people, they said.
In July, Human Rights Watch documented 17 Iraqi airstrikes that killed at least 75 civilians and wounded hundreds of others, including six attacks with barrel bombs. The attacks took place in Fallujah, Beiji, Mosul, Tikrit, and al-Sherqat.
The attacks revealed a pattern of aerial bombardments in residential areas by government forces using helicopters, jets, and other aircraft. The attacks hit areas around mosques, government buildings, hospitals, and power and water stations.
The United States has sent Iraq military aid, including Hellfire missiles, ammunition, and surveillance drones, since January. The Iraqi government's ongoing unlawful attacks suggest that the government could use US weapons in ways that unlawfully kill civilians. On August 8, the US began airstrikes against select Islamic State targets.
Foreign governments providing Iraq with military support and assistance should ensure that their aid is not being used in violations of the laws of war, Human Rights Watch said.
The laws of war oblige all parties to take all feasible precautions at all times to minimize the risk to civilian life and to civilian objects. Islamic State forces are therefore required to avoid, to the greatest extent possible, deploying their forces in buildings with a civilian purpose or near civilians. When they fail to do so, however, the Iraqi government still needs to take account of the risk to, and likely impact on, civilians before launching an attack.
“The fight against the shockingly abusive Islamic State cannot be carte blanche for the Iraqi government to kill dozens of civilians without a clear military target,” Abrahams said. “The US and others giving military aid to Iraq need to ensure that their weapons are not being used to break international law.”
Accounts of the September 1, 2014 Al-Alam Attack
One survivor of the Al-Alam school attack said they were spared because they were near the bathrooms when the munition hit the courtyard:
Suddenly we saw a huge flame that struck. I was near the bathrooms. There was a lot of flying shrapnel. When I ran toward the flame I found my family killed and wounded. I lost four of my relatives, three of my children, and my wife.
The man said they also lost their brother, nephew, and niece.
Another survivor said they heard what they thought was a helicopter about 11:30 p.m. and then saw a huge explosion in the school courtyard:
I lost my father, brother, and sister, and my mother was severely wounded, which led to the amputation of their left leg. My cousin is still in intensive care. My wife endured two operations. Fourteen members of our family are severely wounded and 15 lightly wounded.
The man had shrapnel injuries in their legs and back and was evacuated first to Hawija and then to Kirkuk, both nearby cities, for treatment.
A third survivor, who was also wounded, said the men were sitting apart from the women and children in the courtyard when the munition struck. They lost their wife, two sons, a daughter, a sister, and a nephew. Five members of their family were wounded, including their son Yazin, who was six months old. “There was no fighting at all before the attack,” they said.
Two men who live near the school said they heard the attack at about 11:30 that night and quickly went to the school. One of them said that when they got there they saw Islamic State fighters keeping civilians away from the school and evacuating the wounded. “I saw no wounded or killed ISIS fighters,” they said.
The man said that they had seen ISIS fighters shooting at an Iraqi plane in their neighborhood at about 6 p.m. A few minutes later a drone flew over the area but the fighters did not shoot at it, they said.
One of the survivors said that the morning after the attack, relatives of those killed traveled in a convoy of minivans to a nearby cemetery to bury the dead. As they approached the cemetery at around noon, a munition fired from a plane struck the ground about 100 meters in front of them in what they believed to be an attack on the funeral gathering. No one was wounded.
The survivor and a local resident who accompanied the group said the relatives sought shelter in a nearby house and then took the bodies to the cemetery one by one for burial.
As of September 10, 13 of the wounded survivors were receiving medical treatment in Kirkuk, one of the survivors said. They claimed that Kurdish authorities controlling the city, fearful of the influx of Arabs from areas held by Islamic State, were not letting them into the city to see their injured relatives. When their son died in the hospital on September 8, they had to get the body at a checkpoint, they said.
Orly Taitz is running for U.S. Senate. Taitz, the Mission Viejo dentist and Rancho Santa Margarita lawyer who made a name for themselves questioning the veracity of President Obama's birth certificate, will run as a GOP candidate in an effort to unseat Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.).
Taitz, sometimes referred to as the "Birther Queen," told The Daily Caller, "I'm very confident that I'll be able to get the Republican nomination and I will be able to win the general election." They continued, "I'm best known of the candidates who have announced that they are running." The Caller reports that Taitz's campaign "is, perhaps surprisingly, almost entirely focused on economic issues."
The Sacramento Bee reported in September that Taitz was "absolutely" considering a run against Feinstein. "I think I do have a chance specifically because I do speak Spanish and I speak Hebrew," Taitz told the Bee.
This is not Taitz's first attempt to run for public office. In 2010, they attempted to run as the Republican nominee for California secretary of atate. Taitz was defeated for the nomination by former NFL player Damon Dunn.
Taitz has made it something of a mission to prove that Obama is not eligible to be president. They have unsuccessfully attempted to prove in court that Obama's presidency is not legitmate. The description on their website reads, "World's Leading Obama Eligibility Challenge Web Site."
They also perceive themselves as a victim of the mainstream media because, in their words, "I dare to be the only person who brought to court not only the issue of lack of the original birth certificate for Obama, but also the issue of their use of multiple Social Security numbers, none of which was issued in HI." Taitz elaborates, "I know that sooner or later the truth will be out and my legal efforts will be vindicated and probably will be part of history books."
The White House released Obama's long form birth certificate in April.
Taitz appeared at an Arizona Tea Party meeting in late October with Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Arpaio is investigating Obama's birth certificate and explained to the group, "there could be a shock there somewhere that my guys came up with. I can't talk too much about it. It's in the process." Taitz also spoke and received applause from the crowd after talking about their belief that Obama was not born in the U.S.
—Huffington Post
This Sunday, The New York Review of Books published an article claiming to reveal the Time 's the most influential people — all while keeping their identity and true name a secret. This Sunday,published an article claiming to reveal the identity of Elena Ferrante based primarily on an investigation in which the reporter, Claudio Gatti, tracked down financial records from their publisher. The Italian author has published nine novels, has been nominated for The Man Booker Prize, and was named one of's the most influential people — all while keeping their identity and true name a secret.
In the article, Claudio Gatti revealed the name and occupation of the writer they believe to be Ferrante. In doing so, they also speculated about that person's financial status. The article also included a statement from Ferrante's publisher, in which they reiterated their refusal to reveal any information about the author's identity. The release of this information is extremely troubling, as it is a violation of Ferrante's privacy and long-stated intentions as an author. We don't know if Gatti is correct about who Elena Ferrante truly is; but we do know that they went to extreme lengths in their quest to figure it out.
Ferrante's decision to write under a pen name was an intentional one, and in interviews they said they believe a novel's worth should stand separate from the author's identity. They told Ferrante's decision to write under a pen name was an intentional one, and in interviews they said they believe a novel's worth should stand separate from the author's identity. They told The Paris Review that they, "came to feel hostility toward the media, which doesn't pay attention to books themselves and values a work according to the author's reputation. ...The demand for self-promotion diminishes the actual work of art, whatever that art may be."
However, Gatti placed their own curiosity over Ferrante's artistic and personal wishes, violating their desire for privacy without seeming to consider the consequences or possible undisclosed reasons for their secrecy. In revealing their identity, Gatti took control of Ferrante's art and their image, stripping them of their agency in a way that feels intrusive, exploitive, and just plain dirty.
In revealing their identity, Gatti took control of Ferrante's art and their image, stripping them of their agency in a way that feels intrusive, exploitive, and just plain dirty.
It's a move that reeks of entitlement. It's easy to look at this situation (a man stramrolling over a woman) and feel a sense of underlying sexism. The same feeling you get when Donald Trump interrupts Hillary Clinton or when the guy in the laundromat mansplains to you how to turn on a dryer. There is a long history of women's work and art being undermined by their female identity. Would Ferrante's identity be so important to know if they were a male writer, rather than a female writer depicting female experiences? My guess is probably not, as male creators have traditionally been given more authority over their work than their non-male counterparts.
Let's also unpack how one's identity might influence the response of readers and publishers worldwide. (Which is, indeed, the concern that led Ferrante to keep their identity a secret.) The publishing world is notoriously lacking in diversity. At the very least, let's consider all the women authors who have chosen to write under male names or initials, because of the increased attention and care given to male authors. (J.K. Rowling, for instance, Let's also unpack how one's identity might influence the response of readers and publishers worldwide. (Which is, indeed, the concern that led Ferrante to keep their identity a secret.) The publishing world is notoriously lacking in diversity. At the very least, let's consider all the women authors who have chosen to write under male names or initials, because of the increased attention and care given to male authors. (J.K. Rowling, for instance, has previously stated that their publishers decided to use their initials because they didn't think young boys would want to read a book written by a woman.) But additionally, let's think of all the barriers in place for people of color, LGBTQ people, and other marginalized groups. It is entirely warranted to be concerned about how your identity might influence the perception of your work.
It is entirely warranted to be concerned about how your identity might influence the perception of your work.
The doxing also leads me to ask questions about how knowing Ferrante's identity might influence the people who read their work. Identity comes with a lot of baggage and bias, and by writing under a pseudonym, Ferrante was able to separate themselves from that.
But beyond that, to reveal Ferrante's identity is to put all authors who write under pen names at risk. A pen name grants an author a safe haven, an ability to freely express themselves without fear of persecution, stigma, or worse. Being a writer can be dangerous. Just think about the infamous But beyond that, to reveal Ferrante's identity is to put all authors who write under pen names at risk. A pen name grants an author a safe haven, an ability to freely express themselves without fear of persecution, stigma, or worse. Being a writer can be dangerous. Just think about the infamous fatwa on Salman Rushdie , or take a look at the efforts of PEN America to protect writers from assault and release writers from prison. Of course, I'd love to live in a world where these biases didn't exist — a world where people didn't have to use pen names to feel safe. But we don't live in that world. And if someone wants to write using the safety of a pen name, then I'd like to believe that they have the right to do so, without being publicly revealed against their wishes.
But beyond that, to reveal Ferrante's identity is to put all authors who write under pen names at risk. A pen name grants an author a safe haven, an ability to freely express themselves without fear of persecution, stigma, or worse.
When reading the news of Ferrante's identity, I immediately thought of an episode of 30 Rock. In the episode, Liz outs the secret identity of one of their writers, only to find out that the writer in question took on that persona in order to write while remaining safe from an abusive boyfriend. I know this is an example from a comedy TV show, but there are millions of survivors of violence and sexual violence whose ability to tell their stories is dependent on their ability to remain anonymous. If we deny the safety of anonymity to these people, we are preventing their stories from being told. We're denying them their right and ability to create in the face of whatever adversity they've experienced.
In this case, Gatti went blindly forward with their investigation, either making a dangerous assumption that Ferrante was in a position of safety — or not caring if they aren't.
Not to mention, we're living in a world where simple knowledge of one's identity can put a person immediately at extreme risk. Take Not to mention, we're living in a world where simple knowledge of one's identity can put a person immediately at extreme risk. Take #GamerGate , in which women's addresses, social security numbers, and more were published online alongside death threats. Perhaps Gatti did not go so far as to publish Ferrante's address, but by revealing their name to the public, they have certainly increased the risk for them to be targeted.
And even if a tangible danger is not present in one's decision to write under a pseudonym, the decision for an author to write outside of the public eye makes a huge impact on their comfort and freedom. Think, for instance, of the incredible amount of pressure/harassment currently being directed towards George R.R. Martin as their own fans demand the conclusion of the A Song of Ice and Fire series.
Gatti seemed to suggest that actions of Ferrante themselves warranted the doxing, writing in the article:
But by announcing that they would lie on occasion, Ferrante has in a way relinquished their right to disappear behind their books and let them live and grow while their author remained unknown.
The logic of this is inherently flawed, and it looks as if Gatti is scrambling for justification to out Ferrante without their consent. Gatti also concluded the article by saying that Ferrante's success made their identity fair game:
In an age in which fame and celebrity are desperately sought after, the person behind Ferrante apparently didn't want to be known. But their books' sensational success made the search for their identity virtually inevitable.
Gatti seems to be saying that Ferrante's success made their desire for privacy irrelevant. As if success is something that Ferrante should be punished for, that by being well-loved they have somehow given up their right to remain anonymous. But is that really how we want things to work?
They later doubled-down on this sentiment while They later doubled-down on this sentiment while defending the article to the BBC , saying, "In a way I think readers have the right to know something about the person who created the work... I did it because they were very much a public figure."
But, readers don't have a right to know. There is no danger to us in not knowing who an author is, provided the author is not doing harm to another person or group of people through their writing. In fact, most readers were extremely happy not knowing. I know I loved the mystery of it all. For me, it made the books seem more intimate, more sacred. The books stand strong without knowing who Ferrante is, and revealing their identity does nothing to make them better.
Besides, if writing outside of the public eye gave Ferrante the space they needed to create such wonderful work, why put that in jeopardy?
In an ironic twist, the article came out at the end of Banned Books Week, a week dedicated to celebrating and promoting freedom of expression. But if we want to ensure free speech, if we want to have good art in this world, it is imperative that we treat artists with respect. Gatti's actions were a dangerous insult to Ferrante, to their readers, and to writers everywhere.
The Canadian Press
MONTREAL -- Canada's federal housing agency says the number of foreign buyers in the Montreal area surged by 37 per cent in the first four months of the year.
The 236 purchases by foreigners accounted for 1.8 per cent of all real estate transactions from January to April, the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. said in a report.
That's up from 172 deals representing 1.3 per cent of total sales a year earlier during the same time period.
By comparison, home purchases by foreign buyers in the Vancouver area have hovered around three to four per cent of all transactions since the introduction of a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last August. In the Toronto area, about five per cent of transactions is made by foreigners before a tax was added in April.
Buyers from China accounted for the strongest growth in Montreal, representing 17 per cent of all foreign buyers, up from less than 10 per cent in the first quarter of 2016.
The number of buyers from China more than tripled since the adoption of the Vancouver tax, while the number of French and American buyers increased by about 33 per cent.
Condominiums were the first choice of foreign buyers but 40 per cent of Chinese buyers selected single-family homes.
The median price they paid for these homes was about $720,000 while 25 per cent exceeded $1 million, far greater than prices paid by American and French buyers.
SaskTel's president is downplaying the risk analysis the company is conducting in the wake of BCE Inc.'s planned takeover of Manitoba Telecom Services, even as Saskatchewan's premier expressed concerns about the Crown corporation's ability to compete should it end up as the sole regional telecom provider in the Prairies.
SaskTel took the unusual step of hiring an independent consultant to conduct a risk analysis after Bell announced plans in early May to buy similarly-sized MTS for $3.9 billion. Such assessments are typically done internally and included in annual reports, not called for by the premier and shared with the public.
But the risk assessment is merely to keep customers fully informed about changes to the marketplace, SaskTel President Ron Styles said Wednesday, the day after Premier Brad Wall repeated calls for the analysis and insisted there are no plans to privatize the company.
None of the major telecoms has approached SaskTel with similar acquisition offers, Styles said. Still, they said the MTS deal could impact SaskTel's operations in the short term – it has roaming and reciprocity agreements with both MTS and Bell – and make Bell an even tougher competitor in the long term.
“They're essentially right on our doorstep,” Styles said. “That's not new… but they're going to be closer, they're going to be larger and they're going to have larger economies of scale.”
SaskTel expects to hire a consultant this week and release the risk analysis to the public by the third week of June.
Gerry Wall, president of Wall Communications, called the risk assessment a smart idea for a company that needs to take stock of whether it can continue its low wireless prices if it wants to make capital investments to compete with larger players.
MTS and SaskTel's low wireless prices are an anomaly in Canada, but MTS got out of the game when it couldn't compete with capital investments by Bell, Telus or Rogers, Wall said. Any of those players would “absolutely” be interested in buying SaskTel, which they estimated would fetch north of $2 billion, but they said political hurdles make that an unlikely short-term outcome no matter what the risk analysis concludes. (Premier Wall promised not to privatize the company without a referendum.)
Carleton professor and communications researcher Dwayne Winseck agrees it's prudent to do a risk analysis in case the MTS deal goes ahead — it still needs regulatory approval in a process expected to take a year — but said the ramifications lie in how the government deals with its fourth carrier policy going forward.
MTS and SaskTel share an identity as two significant independent players in an industry dominated by the Big Three, and have battled regulators on rules regarding roaming agreements, spectrum policy and access to programming rights, Winseck said. The extra competition they bring to the market is the reason residents of Manitoba and Saskatchewan enjoy lower prices, they argue.
“With MTS out of the equation, SaskTel will be a more isolated voice on the national scene when it comes to pushing for this kind of things,” they said.
“If the feds give Bell the green light, that fourth carrier policy is fractured and loses coherence.”
Life hack to improve your running ability
Last week I discovered a great trick that helps me run significantly faster and longer when training cardio. I realized that when I slowed down or stopped running it's usually because I start to think “I'm worn out. There's no way I can run for another X,” where X is some unit of time (ex. 30 seconds). I couldn't imagine myself having enough energy to last for that much longer, so I didn't. After realizing this, I changed my thinking slightly. When I start getting tired as I run, I just keep asking myself “do I have the energy to take one more step?” That's it. I don't think about trying to run for another 30 seconds, one more lap, or any other significant interval that would take a lot of energy. I just try to take one more step. Over, and over, and over again. No matter how tired you are you can probably take one more step right? Suddenly I was able to run for much longer! I increased my max distance by 33% while maintaining a higher average speed. By pushing through that initial wall of fatigue I found that you often get a second wind that really extends your workout. Give it a shot!
In a development that should outrage every red-blooded, patriotic American, the Obama Administration announced that international observers in the United States cannot be arrested by state law enforcement even if the United Nations representatives violate state law.
As we publicized earlier this week, “United Nations-affiliated election monitors from Europe and central Asia will be at polling places around the U.S. looking for voter suppression activities by conservative groups.” [Click on this “Limited Election Observation Mission to the United States of America” list to see where the international observers will be deploying in your state.]
Unlike Alaska's current passivity, Texas confronted this offensive intrusion by international observers with a warning from its Attorney General's office: “[G]roups and individuals from outside the United States do not have jurisdiction to interfere with Texas elections.” The Attorney General themselves also threatened that,
individuals from outside the United States are not allowed to influence or interfere with the election process in Texas. This State has robust election laws that were carefully crafted to protect the integrity of our election system. All persons—including persons connected with OSCE—are required to comply with these laws. Elections and election observation are regulated by state law. The Texas Election Code governs anyone who participates in Texas elections—including representatives of the OSCE. The OSCE's representatives are not authorized by Texas law to enter a polling place. It may be a criminal offense for OSCE's representatives to maintain a presence within 100 feet of a polling place's entrance. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject the OSCE's representatives to criminal prosecution for violating state law.
Of course, the internationalist leaders of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) and the United Nations have no appreciation for the concept of state sovereignty. Like most European socialists, they see national governments as supreme, free to dictate any directive to individual states. If they know anything about the US Constitution, they likely consider it hostile to their internationalist aims.
Consistent with this mentality, Ambassador Janez Lenarčič, the Director of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), the UN affiliated group sending election observers throughout the United States, stated that the “threat of criminal sanctions against OSCE/ODIHR observers is unacceptable. The United States, like all countries in the OSCE, has an obligation to invite ODIHR observers to observe its elections.”
According to the Washington Examiner, the Obama Administration jumped into the fray on the side of the United Nations over Texas:
International election observers planning to visit Texas polling places have “full immunity” from being arrested in the United States, the State Department said when discussing a letter from the Texas Attorney General.
We as a nation had better wake up, and soon. Internationalism is moving in at hyper-speed under the banners of both political parties. And it is not moving us anywhere close to where our Founders intended the nation to be. Rather, it's consolidating power at the top, in direct competition with individual freedom.
And remember this: forces of internationalism hate the United States Constitution. Although activist justices and lawless political leaders have done their best to sanitize it of any original intent, the US Constitution still stands as the foremost barrier to the ultimate goal of an international, socialist form of government.
We must rally around the Constitution and demand that our leaders do the same!
I've been an admirer of Ed Wilson for a long time (after all, they helped me get into Harvard). They founded the discipline of evolutionary psychology, which is a branch of sociobiology, has been an ardent conservationist, and their work on ants is unparalleled, though he's not really incorporated the latest statistical methodologies into their phylogenetic work. And he's an excellent popular writer who has produced two Pulitzer-Prize winning books. I was a teaching assistant for Wilson when I was a grad student, and found them kind and amiable.
But as they get older, Wilson seems to me to be getting more concerned with securing their place in scientific history—a place that is already secured—by attacking one of the most fruitful and innovative theories in modern evolutionary biology: inclusive fitness (sometimes called “kin selection”). I've written about Wilson and their colleagues' scientific errors on this site (some of the links are here), and about Nowak, Tarnita and Wilson's paper in Nature that argues against kin selection's importance in the evolution of “eusociality” (the division of labor among castes and the presence of queens and sterile workers seen in ants, bees, and other hymenopterans). Wilson et. al broach instead the importance of “group selection” in the evolution of these phenomena. I saw, and still see, that paper as misguided, its theoretical basis flawed, and I find little evidence for their preferred mechanism of group selection as a promoter of adaptations in nature.
There is, however, one recent paper in Nature by Jonathan Pruitt and Charles Goodnight that claims to provide evidence for group selection in colonial spiders. I haven't yet had time to read it, but note that the University of Vermont's announcement of their faculty's research characterizes it this way: “Nature paper provides first-ever field evidence of controversial ‘group selection'”. But if group selection is so important, why do we lack evidence for it? I'm willing to believe that there are cases of selection among groups in the wild (it is hard to demonstrate), but I'm not about to say they are pervasive until I have some evidence for their ubiquity. (That's the same way I feel about God: theoretically possible but not demonstrated.) There are, after all, good theoretical reasons why group selection should be less common, and less efficacious, than the form of individual selection characterized in Dawkins's metaphor as “the selfish gene.”
But now Wilson, who always struck me as a courtly man, a gentleman of the Southern stripe, has now overstepped their bounds and insulted a distinguished colleague, as reported in a new Guardian piece,”Biological warfare flares up again between E. O. Wilson and Richard Dawkins“. Of course, as the Guardian notes, Dawkins had some strong scientific criticisms of Wilson's book The Social Conquest of Earth, a book I also criticized heavily in The Times Literary Supplement (no free link available). And Dawkins was also a critic, as was I, of the Nowak, Tarnita, and Wilson Nature paper, which simply failed to show that the relatedness between social insects was irrelevant to the evolution of their eusociality. There is in fact, evidence for the opposite conclusion. But scientific criticism is no reason to denigrate someone's abilities or mischaracterize their career. From the Guardian:
The war of words between the biologists EO Wilson and Richard Dawkins has reignited after the Harvard professor described their Oxford counterpart as a “journalist”. In an interview with Evan Davis on BBC2's Newsnight to promote their latest book, Wilson was asked about their differing view of natural selection compared with that of Dawkins. Wilson answered: “There is no dispute between me and Richard Dawkins and there never has been, because he's a journalist, and journalists are people that report what the scientists have found and the arguments I've had had actually been with scientists doing research.”
No dispute? Of course there's a dispute. What Wilson means is this: “Dawkins's criticisms don't count because he's only a journalist and not a scientist.”
Shortly after the programme was broadcast, Dawkins tweeted: “I greatly admire EO Wilson & their huge contributions to entomology, ecology, biogeography, conservation, etc. He's just wrong on kin selection.” A second tweet said: “Anybody who thinks I'm a journalist who reports what other scientists think is invited to read The Extended Phenotype.”
Wilson's remarks are simply unfair, inaccurate, and uncharitable. While Dawkins doesn't do actual experiments, they do expand the boundaries of science in two ways: by explaining its results to laypeople, but importantly, as in The Extended Phenotype, offering new theories and new ways to think about old observations. That is science, and it's far more than just “journalism.” Few journalists work out the details and implications of natural selection in the way Dawkins has. And Dawkins's criticisms of Wilson are scientific ones; how often do you see journalists do that? In fact, journalists like Jonah Lehrer who reported on the “kin selection” dustup didn't offer any of their own analyses of the issues, because they didn't have the training or understanding doing so (see my take on Lehrer's flawed reportage here; I believe that Carl Zimmer, who does know a lot about science, did proffer some accurate criticisms).
The Guardian goes on:
. . . Wilson was asked about their current views on the concept of a selfish gene, to which they replied: “I have abandoned it and I think most serious scientists working on it have abandoned it. Some defenders may be out there, but they have been relatively or almost totally silenced since our major paper came out.”
Abandoning “the selfish gene” is the same as abandoning natural selection on genes and individuals! Does Wilson really want to do that? Do they not think that Darwin's characterization of how species evolve is completely wrong? If they do, then he's flirting with being a crank. The “selfish gene” is simply a way at looking at how selection operates among different forms of genes and on the carriers of those genes.
The Guardian continues:
The paper [Wilson] referred to was a 2010 study published in Nature entitled The evolution of eusociality. Dawkins later posted a third tweet with a link to their devastating Prospect magazine review of Wilson's 2012 book The Social Conquest of Earth, which they described as “a brief account of EO Wilson's misunderstanding of kin selection theory”. The final paragraphs read: “Edward Wilson has made important discoveries of their own. Their place in history is assured, and so is Hamilton's. Please do read Wilson's earlier books, including the monumental The Ants, written jointly with Bert Hölldobler (yet another world expert who will have no truck with group selection). “As for the book under review, the theoretical errors I have explained are important, pervasive and integral to its thesis in a way that renders it impossible to recommend. To borrow from Dorothy Parker, this is not a book to be tossed lightly aside. It should be thrown with great force. And sincere regret.”
In other words, Dawkin's criticisms of Wilson are purely scientific, though forceful, but Dawkins, as usual, takes care to praise Wilson's genuine (and multifarious) accomplishments. Wilson does no such thing; they just dismisses Dawkins as a journalist. (Journalism, of course, can be an honorable profession in its own right.)
I wish Wilson would think harder about their dismissal of conventional natural selection and kin selection (which is just a subset of natural selection, though Wilson denies that). I'm not sure why Ed is going this route after a lifetime of accomplishment and honors (he's the only scientist I know who has two Pulitzer Prizes). But I do know that some of their colleagues, including both Bert Hölldobler (Wilson's closest collaborator) and Bob Trivers, have tried without luck to correct Wilson's thinking. If Wilson can't stop touting a misguided theory of natural selection, at least they can stop calling Dawkins a “journalist,” for crying out loud. There is no need to be personal—and rude.
h/t: Anne M.
Texans inside linebacker Mike Mohamed expressed frustration with being placed on injured reserve, saying he's nearly recovered from their strained calf.
Mohamed said he'll now consult with their agent, Ken Landphere, to consider their options, including potentially pursuing an injury settlement with the Texans to allow them to sign with another team.
“I want to play this season,” Mohamed said. “It won't be here, but I want to play somewhere and get back on the field. I'm almost back from the injury, so it's kind of frustrating to go on injured reserve, but I understand that they didn't feel like they could wait.”
Under NFL rules, teams may reach an injury settlement with a player for an estimated amount of weeks' salary that the player is expected to need to recover from the injury. NFL teams may re-sign a player they reach an injury settlement with for however many weeks they reach the settlement for in addition to six more weeks.
Texans general manager Rick Smith said the team is open to negotiating a settlement with Mohamed.
“It was unfortunate that we had to move Mike to injured reserve,” Smith said. “We tried to hold the roster spot for them and give them a chance to come back. We just weren't able to do that, but what we will try to do is execute an injury settlement for them to preserve our opportunity to bring them back later in the season.
“The rules state that when you execute an injury settlement, you're ineligible to bring the guy back or not able to bring them back six weeks, plus whatever you settle for. So, if we settle with them for say, two weeks, then the earliest they could return is eight weeks from now.”
The Texans reached injury settlements with linebackers Lynden Trail and Tony Washington in August.
A former Cal standout, Mohamed is in their fourth NFL season. Last year, they recorded a career-high 68 tackles and intercepting a tipped pass from Brian Hoyer against the Browns in 14 games with two starts last year.
Mohamed is in the final season of a three-year contract and is due a $660,000 base salary this year. Mohamed, 27, is a former Denver Broncos sixth-round draft pick who's also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars and Tennessee Titans.
“I just want to play football this year,” Mohamed said. “I'm almost ready to go.”
aaron.wilson@chron.com
twitter.com/AaronWilson_NFL
aaron.wilson@chron.com
twitter.com/AaronWilson_NFL
As I discussed recently for The Duran, Ukraine's President Poroshenko has now effectively admitted that Ukraine has been militarily defeated in the war it waged to reconquer the Donbass.
It is probably not a complete coincidence that this admission has come at the same time as the latest edition of the Military Balance published by the International Institute for Strategic Studies has enabled Colonel Cassad – one of the most consistently intelligent and reliable commentators of the Ukrainian war – finally to provide firm details of the extent of Ukraine's equipment losses during the war (translated into English and published here by the Vineyard of the Saker).
Comparing the 2013 and 2016 editions of the Military Balance shows that between 2013 and 2016 Ukraine has lost 44% of its artillery (including 56% of its self-propelled artillery and a whopping 80% of its light artillery), 29% of its tanks, 56% of its armoured personnel vehicles and 66% of its infantry fighting vehicles.
Colonel Cassad makes the reasonable point that a great part of this equipment loss was probably due to mechanical breakdowns which the Ukrainian military and industry are unable to repair.
The point has also been made that the 2013 Military Balance probably overstates the Ukrainian equipment inventory. Colonel Cassad has downplayed the possibility of significant reductions in Ukraine's equipment as a result of arms sales since 2013. However endemic corruption probably means that some of the equipment Ukraine claimed to possess in 2013 simply didn't exist either because it had been left to deteriorate beyond use or because it had been sold illegally abroad.
Even allowing for these factors, the loss of equipment still points to enormous losses on the battlefield.
The fact Ukraine lost 80% of its light 122 mm towed artillery points to the bulk of these losses actually happening in battle. Light artillery is relatively easy to maintain and it is likely Ukraine's loss of almost its entire light artillery of this calibre is explained by its destruction on the battlefield.
Colonel Cassad speculates this was due to counter-battery fire by the Russian military. There are in fact reports of Russian artillery engaging Ukrainian units from across the border during the fighting in the summer of 2014.
As Colonel Cassad points out, the scale of Ukrainian equipment losses reported by the Military Balance are indirectly confirmed by a statement Poroshenko let slip in the autumn of 2014 around the time of the first Minsk agreement when they said that Ukraine had lost 65% of its equipment during the fighting in the summer.
Colonel Cassad is on much shakier ground when they try to deduce from these equipment losses figures for total Ukrainian casualties numbering 30,000 men. They do this by adding up the total number of personnel used to operate the destroyed equipment – which comes to almost exactly 30,000 men – and then assuming they were killed when their equipment was destroyed.
This is a false methodology. The figures drawn from the Military Balance show the numbers of equipment Ukraine has lost. It does not follow that all this equipment was destroyed. Some may have been damaged beyond repair. A large proportion is known to have been captured by the militia.
It anyway does not automatically follow that the crew of a destroyed vehicle were killed or wounded when the vehicle was destroyed. They might have escaped the vehicle before it was destroyed as commonly happens in war.
Though this figure of 30,000 casualties has been aired before, it is certainly an exaggeration.
The truth is however bad enough. Judging from the scale of the equipment losses the personnel losses were certainly much worse than the Ukrainians are saying: probably in the region of 8-12,000 in the fighting in July and August 2014 as discussed by me here in October 2014, and perhaps a further 2-3,000 in the fighting in January and February 2015, which was equally intense but which took place over a shorter period.
As I discussed here this is a rate of casualties without parallel in Europe since the German surrender on 9th May 1945.
The Ukrainian war was a big war not a small war even if in the West and in Ukraine itself it has not been reported as such.
Colonel Cassad rightly says that with its industry in crisis and cut off from Russian spare parts for its Soviet era equipment Ukraine can neither repair nor replace its lost equipment. Nor will the small dribbles of sometimes inferior equipment supplied by the West have filled the gaps.
As I also pointed out back in February 2015, the scale of losses the Ukrainian army has suffered must along with its defeats have caused a devastating blow to morale even if they have never been admitted. It is not surprising therefore that repeated attempts by the Ukrainian government to mobilise the male population have encountered stiff resistance and that Ukraine's National Guard – supposedly the praetorian guard of Ukraine's government – numbers no more than 5,000 men.
Even if Ukraine were somehow able to replace all the equipment it has lost, possibly through covert supplies of Soviet era equipment from the NATO states of Eastern Europe, there is no reason to think any offensive launched now or later would have any greater success than the ones which were launched on 30th June 2014 and in January 2015. On the contrary, with the militaries of the Donetsk and Lugansk People's Republics now functioning at a vastly superior level to what they had achieved in the summer of 2014 and the winter of 2015, and with Ukrainian morale sapped by the heavy losses and defeats it suffered during the earlier, it is overwhelmingly likely the debacle would be even greater.
Even Hillary Clinton, were they to be elected US President in November, could not change this situation. Even if decided – against European opposition – to supply US weapons to Ukraine, the Russians would simply respond by balancing US arms supplies to the Ukrainian government by arms supplies to the militia, denying the government the decisive margin of superiority it needs to achieve victory.
On the facts Poroshenko's elliptical admission of Ukraine's defeat is simply a statement of the obvious. For once what Poroshenko is saying is true.
And discounts galore, including deal of the week Wolfenstein: The New Order
Taking a leaf from Capcom's book of highly descriptive titles, last year's hugely popular Guacamelee! receives the Super Turbo Championship Edition treatment on PS4 this week, chucking in new levels and a new boss among myriad other enhancements. My favourite addition? The homage to Super SFII Turbo!
Over on PS Vita, Ubisoft's eyeball-pleasing Child of Light is also available from today. Just as with the PS3 and PS4 versions, the kingdom of Lemuria has had its share of troubles thanks to the Black Queen. As Aurora, it's left upon you to sort this small dilemma out.
Also available today; after a small delay Atelier Rorona Plus for PS3 and PS Vita, new DLC for Watch_Dogs, Ratchet & Clank Trilogy on PS Vita, a fresh batch of PS Plus games, and tons of discounts in our Big in Japan promotion!
PlayStation Plus
TowerFall Ascension (PS4) – 100% discount
Strider (PS4) – 100% discount
Dead Space 3 (PS3) – 100% discount
Vessel (PS3) – 100% discount
LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes (Vita) – 100% discount
Doki Doki Universe (Cross-Buy, PS4/PS3/Vita) – 100% discount
Guacamelee! Championship Edition – 10% off for one week
Guacamelee! Championship Edition Upgrade– 10% off for one week
PlayStation 4
Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition
Price: £11.49/€13.99/AU$20.95
Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition – PS4™ Upgrade
Price: £3.29/€3.99/AU$5.95
Tvigle (app)
Price: Free
Russia only
PlayStation 3
Atelier Rorona Plus with Bonus
Price: £39.99/€49.99/AU$69.95
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure All-Star Battle – Prestige Edition
Price: £54.99/€64.99/AU$94.95
Sacra Terra: Kiss of Death
Price: £9.49/€11.99/AU$17.95
PlayStation Vita
Atelier Rorona Plus with 3 DLCs
Price: £34.99/€39.99/AU$54.95
Child of Light
Price: £11.99/€14.99/AU$22.95
Child of Light Complete Edition
Price: £19.99/€24.99/AU$39.95
MotoGP 14 (available from 4th July)
Price: £34.99/€39.99/AU$54.95
The Ratchet & Clank Trilogy (Cross-Buy PS3/Vita)(available from 4th July in UK/IRE)
Price: £19.99/€24.99/AU$32.95
Ratchet & Clank (PSV) (Cross-Buy PS3/Vita) (available from 4th July in UK/IRE)
Price: £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95
Ratchet & Clank 2 (PSV) (Cross-Buy PS3/Vita) (available from 4th July in UK/IRE)
Price: £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95
Ratchet & Clank 3 (PSV) (Cross-Buy PS3/Vita) (available from 4th July in UK/IRE)
Price: £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95
PlayStation Mobile
Blinkin Blobs (£0.79/€0.99/AU$1.75)
ComicStation (£1.59/€1.99/AU$3.45)
Quiet Christmas (£0.79/€0.99/AU$1.75)
Vacation Vexation (£1.59/€1.99/AU$3.45)
Fractopia (£1.59/€1.99/AU$3.45)
Ascent of Kings (£0.79/€0.99/AU$1.75)
Kung Fu FIGHT! (£1.19/€1.49/AU$2.45)
Quiet, Please! (£0.79/€0.99/AU$1.75)
MapCache Offline Maps (£1.59/€1.99/AU$3.45)
ARP-BOX (£0.79/€0.99/AU$1.75)
Blue Beacon (£2.19/€2.79/AU$4.75)
Trolly Fish (£1.59/€1.99/AU$3.45)
PS4 DLC
Call of Duty: Ghosts (available from 3rd July)
Call of Duty: Ghosts Invasion (£11.59/€14.49/AU$19.95)
Flags of the World Pack (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.45)
Squad Pack – Resistance (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.45)
Killzone ShadowFall
Bastille Day Skin Pack (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Rainbow Knight Skin Pack (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
MotoGP 14
MotoGP 14 Season Pass (£6.49/€7.99/AU$11.95)
MotoGP 14 Laguna Seca Redbull US Grand Prix (£3.29/€3.99/AU$5.95)
MotoGP 14 Moto2 and Moto3 (Free)
Watch_Dogs
Access Granted Pack (£5.79/€6.99/AU$10.45)
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
War Thunder
War Thunder – Plus Free Starter Pack (Free)
War Thunder – SdKfz 140/1 and T-26E Starter Pack (£7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95)
War Thunder – Advanced Pack – Shielded T-34E (£19.99/€24.99/AU$37.95)
Not available in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Russia, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine
PS3 DLC
ACE COMBAT INFINITY Launch Commemoration Pack (Free)
Atelier Rorona Plus – BGM Package (Free)
Call of Duty: Ghosts (available from 3rd July)
Call of Duty: Ghosts Invasion (£11.59/€14.49/AU$19.95)
Flags of the World Pack (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.45)
Squad Pack – Resistance (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.45)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate
DOA5U Character: Alpha-152 + Dead or Alive 2 Music (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
DOA5U: Core Fighters Summer Sale 25 Char + Costumes (£19.99/€24.99/AU$37.95)
DOA5U: Core Fighters Summer Sale 25 Character Set (£11.99/€14.99/AU$22.95)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate Team Ninja Recommendation Set (£4.49/€5.49/AU$8.25)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate Story Mode + Dead or Alive 2 Music (£5.79/€6.99/AU$10.45)
DOA5U Core Fighters Top Costume Picks (£11.99/€14.99/AU$22.95)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate – Costume Catalog 10 (Free)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate Team USA Character Set (£3.99/€4.99/AU$7.55)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate Lisa Top Costume Picks (£3.99/€4.99/AU$7.55)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate Hitomi Top Costume Picks (£5.79/€6.99/AU$10.45)
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate Tina Top Costume Picks (£4.99/€5.99/AU$8.95)
Not available in Russia
DUST 514: Counter-Recon Pack (£15.99/€19.99/AU$29.95)
LittleBigPlanet 2
Sacktue of Liberty Costume (Free)
MotoGP 14
MotoGP 14 Season Pass (£6.49/€7.99/AU$11.95)
MotoGP 14 Laguna Seca Redbull US Grand Prix (£3.29/€3.99/AU$5.95)
MotoGP 14 Moto2 and Moto3 (Free)
Mugen Souls Z
Mugen Souls Z Cacophony! Hyper Weapon Pack 10 (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Mugen Souls Z Overwhelming G Up Fever Pack 1 (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Mugen Souls Z Overwhelming Ticket Set 1 (£0.79/€0.99/AU$1.45)
Mugen Souls Z Ultimate God Supply Pack 4 (Free)
Mugen Souls Z Jolly Coordination (Free)
Rocksmith 2014
‘Devil in a Midnight Mass' by Billy Talent (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
‘Fallen Leaves' by Billy Talent (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
‘Red Flag' by Billy Talent (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
‘Try Honesty' by Billy Talent (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
‘Viking Death March' by Billy Talent (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
Watch_Dogs
Access Granted Pack (£5.79/€6.99/AU$10.45)
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
PS Vita DLC
Atelier Rorona Plus – BGM Package (Free)
Child of Light
Child of Light – The Golem's Plight Pack
Child of Light – Light Pack (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Child of Light – Dark Pack (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Child of Light – Rough Oculi Pack (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Child of Light – Tumbled Oculi Pack (£1.69/€1.99/AU$2.95)
Child of Light – Faceted Oculi Pack (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
Child of Light – Stardust Pack (£2.49/€2.99/AU$4.55)
LittleBigPlanet PS Vita
Sacktue of Liberty Costume (Free)
MotoGP 14
MotoGP 14 Season Pass (£6.49/€7.99/AU$11.95)
MotoGP 14 Laguna Seca Redbull US Grand Prix (£3.29/€3.99/AU$5.95)
MotoGP 14 Moto2 and Moto3 (Free)
PlayStation Vita Pets
Sunflower Costume (Free)
Availability update
Chaos Code (PS3) – Now available in Australia, New Zealand, Russia, Ukraine
Shin Megami Tensei: Digital Devil Saga 2 (PS3) – Now available in Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Russia, Sweden, Ukraine
Deal of the week
Wolfenstein: The New Order (PS3) – Was €59.99/ £39.99/$79.95 now €39.99/ £24.99/ $49.95
R-Type Dimensions (PS3) – Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95, now £4.29/€5.19/AU$7.85 (Additional 10% PS Plus discount)
DC Universe Online – Sons of Trigon (8) (PS3/PS4)- Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95, now £5.79/€6.99/AU$10.45
DC Universe Online – The Battle for Earth (PS3/PS4) – Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.95, now £5.79/€6.99/AU$10.45
Soul Sacrifice – Was £29.99/€34.99/AU$47.95, now £14.99/€19.99/AU$24.95
Sysadmin-in-chief of Australia's telecommunications industry, Attorney-General George Brandis, has released plans to anoint themselves in a similar role in other critical infrastructure sectors, starting with an ownership register.
Australia's government has announced a consultation into its Security of Critical Infrastructure Bill, with submissions open until November 10 2017.
The proposed legislation, here, would initially cover the electricity, water, ports, and telecommunications sector (the latter also covered by reforms brought to parliament in July).
Identifying who owns and who operates critical infrastructure is a big part of the proposed bill. The explanatory memorandum [PDF] notes that if the government doesn't know who ultimately owns an infrastructure asset, it's difficult to get information it believes it needs to protect the asset.
The bill would create a register of who owns, operates, or has access to an asset, something the memorandum said is often treated as commerical-in-confidence.
The government says it intends to regulate 100 individual assets, imposing different regulatory requirements on people or organisations it identifies as “direct interest holders” and “responsible entities”.
Outsourcing arrangements will also be listed on the same register, and those on the register will have six months to notify the government of changes.
The bill also proposes a “Last Resort Power”, letting the Attorney General's Department to “mitigate significant national security risks” identified in critical infrastructure where there's no other approach available to the government. ®
Cast Edit
Development Edit
The series was created by Robert Cinader and Jack Webb.[2][6] Webb had previously created Dragnet, and with Cinader had jointly created Adam-12, both of which were TV series about policing. In 1971, Cinader and Webb met with Captain Jim Page and other officers from the LACoFD to discuss creating a show about firefighters. Initially they planned to focus the show on physical rescues, but felt that there would not be enough ideas for episodes. Page suggested they look to the LACoFD's paramedic program for ideas.[2] At the time, the Los Angeles area was home to 2 of the 12 paramedic programs in the United States (as opposed to ambulances that provided only transport and first aid). In 1970, then Governor Ronald Reagan had signed the Wedworth-Townsend Act which allowed paramedic programs to be trialed in Los Angeles County.[2] In September 1971, Cinader and Webb signed a contract with NBC to develop the series.[2] The initial pilot film of Emergency!, titled "The Wedsworth-Townsend Act", focuses on the passage of a similar law to the Wedworth-Townsend Act that permits paramedics to operate.[7] Cinader asked the writers to get all the rescues that were to be portrayed on the show from fire stations' logbooks.[8] Along the same line, the series was technically accurate as every script was fact-checked and approved by the series' technical consultants, Dr. Michael Criley (the man who had initially created the LACoFD Paramedic program) and LACoFD Battalion Chief, James O. Page. There were always real paramedics serving as technical advisors on set every day for further technical advice.[8] To train for their parts, the actors, Mantooth and Tighe sat in some paramedic classes (although they never actually took any written exams) and went on extensive ride-alongs with LACoFD.[8] In an interview with Tom Blixa of WTVN, Mantooth said that the producer wanted them to train so that they would at least know the fundamentals and look like they knew what they were doing on camera. Mantooth mentioned that you needed to take the written course to be a paramedic, and went on to admit that "if anyone has a heart attack, I'll call 911 with the best of them."[9] Mantooth became an advocate for firefighters and paramedics after the series ended. They continued, as of late October 2014, to give speeches and make appearances all over the country at special events.[10]
Series format Edit
While Webb's Dragnet and Adam-12 followed a pair of detectives and patrolmen respectively, Emergency! followed the firefighters and paramedics of Station 51, and the emergency room staff of Rampart General Hospital. Typical episodes begin with the firefighters and paramedics at the station going through such routines as cooking, cleaning equipment, or sleeping until a call comes from the dispatcher describing the emergency and its location. The call prompts the crew to immediately stop their routine and respond with organized precision. The firefighters and paramedics respond to the scene of the emergency, where the paramedics almost always contact Rampart General Hospital to report their patient assessment and receive medical direction and treatment authorization, which often includes IV drug therapy. Many times the plot follows the accident victims and paramedics to Rampart. Other plot lines end at the scene. When an event has ended, the crew return to Station 51 and resume their routines until another call is dispatched. Often, firefighters DeSoto and Gage, who are best friends, engage in playful banter, or good-naturedly irritate each other when an emergency call forces them to become serious-minded and immediately leave the station's living area to focus on the job at hand. Each episode typically climaxes with a major fire, disaster or rescue that often has multiple units engaged. Because of the greater scope of its format, Emergency! was a full-hour series, whereas both Dragnet and Adam-12 were half-hour shows. Actual local disasters were worked into some story lines, such as the 1971 Sylmar earthquake which destroyed the newly completed Olive View Medical Center in the San Fernando Valley; and the 1973 "Crenshaw Fire" brush fire on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Episodes Edit
Setting Edit
Props Edit
Legacy Edit
Los Angeles County Fire Museum Edit
Me at LACoFM with Squad 51 & BioPhone (which is signed by various actors from the show). The museum allows you to take photographs with the paraphernalia and (for special events) touch / handle the equipment, actually used in the show. The Los Angeles County Fire Museum currently houses the Universal-built Squad 51, both Engines 51 (the renumbered Crown LACoFD Engine 60 and the Ward-LaFrance-donated Engine 51), and various equipment used on the show. Such equipment includes: the orange "BioPhone," black "drug box" (tackle box), defibrillator, OB/GYN, radios, turnout coats, gear, various cast photographs, and other paraphernalia used on the show. The museum, which relocated to 16400 Bellflower Blvd, Bellflower, California, USA (33.8842615N, 118.1259962W) in July, 2018, allows fans to photograph and (for special events) touch / handle the various equipment. Some of the equipment is signed by various actors from the show.
See also Edit
Software makers should face legal action if sloppy coding leads to hackers emptying users' bank accounts, argues a Cambridge academic.
If you're poisoned by a burger you can sue the restaurant that sold it - so why can't you take a software developer to court if their negligent coding lets hackers empty your bank account?
That's the question asked by University of Cambridge security researcher Dr Richard Clayton - who is calling for software makers to be made liable for damage resulting from avoidable security flaws in their apps.
Today software generally comes with End-User License Agreements that require the user to sign away their right to sue software developers if their app contains security flaws that leaves the user's computer open to attack by malware.
Clayton is arguing for regulations that remove the developer's right to waive any responsibility for security flaws in their software. It's an argument that has already won support from officials across Europe, with a House of Lords committee recommending such a measure be implemented in 2007 and European Commissioners arguing for the requirement in 2009 - however agreements to this effect have not been passed.
"It's remarkable that of all the things that you could buy as a consumer, software is the one where you're expected to make up your mind whether it's dangerous," Clayton says.
"We've been saying for some years that what is required is to make people [developers] responsible for when they damage other people. If you went down to the corner of your street and started selling hamburgers to passers-by they can sue you [for any damage you cause]."
Clayton thinks that developers should be held accountable in cases where avoidable security holes in their software are exploited to infect a user with malware, and that user suffers some form of material loss - for instance the theft of money.
The source of the infection would be established in court with the help of subject experts and the definition of what flaws are avoidable informed by legal precedence from earlier cases, Clayton says.
"The question is 'Are they being negligent?'. The usual test is 'Are they applying contemporary standards to the quality of their work?'," they say, adding that known flaws can be exposed by running code through commonly available security tools and validation suites.
The argument for developer liability also goes beyond increased consumer protection, to providing developers with additional incentives to minimise security holes in their software.
Clayton argues that in order for any agreement on developer liability to succeed it will have to be internationally binding.
"It's not going to be easy. There's going to be a lot of moaning from everybody inside [the industry] and we're not going to do it as one country, we're going to have to do it on a global basis and over many years."
There are cases where end-users have launched legal action against IT vendors in relation to alleged security flaws in their software, and Stewart James, partner with law firm DLA Piper, said that were several such cases to be successful, it could set a precedent, increasing the chance that subsequent actions would be successful. However even if these actions were to succeed it would not guarantee greater liability by software makers for security flaws, as software developers could respond by changing the conditions of their EULAs.
James said they were sceptical about how successful any new regulations making software makers liable for damage resulting from coding flaws would be, given the number of ways that developers could shift blame to the end-user: for instance by claiming the end-user failed to follow accepted IT security practices.
"There are lots of get-outs that a software developer would look to use to defend against a claim, for example, 'Has the user updated to the latest version of software that may have closed off some of those vulnerabilities?'," they said.
Clayton and other supporters of developer liability are facing powerful opposition. Given the potential size of the liability - estimates of malware-related losses are often put at at least billions of dollars annually - the software industry is likely to lobby hard against any such measure.
Perhaps unsurprisingly the software lobby argue that its members already make their software as secure as they can, given the complexity of code underlying applications. When the matter was debated in the House of Lords in 2007, software vendors argued against it by analogy: that when a home is burgled the victim doesn't usually ask the maker of the door or window to compensate them.
Another rebuttal of liability put forward by some developers is that it would stifle innovation and interoperability between apps, as software makers would stop their apps from interacting with third party code to guard against undesirable results.
There is also the question of who is liable for flaws in open source software where there is no clear individual or group responsible for its development. When the Lords debated the matter it was argued there should be exemption for individuals who voluntarily contribute to such projects.
Chinese unveil nuclear sub fleet:
China has displayed its nuclear submarines for the first time in over four decades to showcase their “excellent safety” record as part of a naval drill. The submarines were shown as taking part in exercises along with naval ships and helicopters. The drill is the first open-sea drill in which maritime and air forces from all three of China's fleets have taken part, state-run Xinhua news agency reported on Monday. “We are China's first nuclear submarine force, and the 42 years since our establishment have witnessed our success in avoiding nuclear accidents,” Rear Admiral Gao Feng, commander of one of the People's Liberation Army navy's submarine bases, told reporters in Qingdao port. While state television has shown the footage of the submarines taking part in the exercises, which according to the official media is the first time in 42 years ever since it began inducting nuclear submarines in the fleet, the print media highlighted its safety track with no accident record. The exercises in the west Pacific went on “despite foreign disturbance,” the People's Liberation Army said. Foreign military vessels and reconnaissance aircraft, reportedly from Japan and US remained in the exercise area for an undue time monitoring Chinese activity in the close distance and seriously disturbing the naval drill, reports said. – Indian Express
Epic's passion for modding has been a core part of our DNA for decades. In fact, a significant number of our employees got their industry start in the mod community by bringing their ideas to life on the solid foundation of a great game. In that spirit, we're proud to make all the assets and source code for Robo Recall available to everyone via the Robo Recall Mod Kit, available now via the Epic Games launcher.
Leveraging the workflows and power of Unreal Engine 4, new weapons, enemies, maps and other content of all kinds can be made and loaded up into the VR title. With the Robo Recall Mod Kit, modders can make new gameplay assets that allow players to fight dinosaurs instead of robots or use space weapons in the place of their standard weapon loadout.
Want to take the Robo Recall experience to all new locales? That's possible, too! Learn how to get started with Robo Recall modding here.
UPDATE: You can now watch the "Building Robo Recall Mods with Blueprints" tutorial video below.
There's a quality I've long appreciated in Mary Roach's writing: humility. I books — which include the science of sex in Bonk, the science of human decomposition in Stiff, and the science of digestion in Gulp — are not written in the voice of an all-knowing expert. Instead, their books are full of references to how ignorant they are.
Here's a passage from their latest book, Grunt, on science in the military. She's discussing the Stryker, a souped-up, bomb-resistant transport vehicle, with Mark Roman, who oversees their development.
… the Stryker was never a lushly appointed vehicle. There is no onboard toilet. (There are empty Gatorade bottles.) The early ones didn't even have air conditioning. I tell Mark I'm glad to see some cup holders were left in place. I recognize the brief, polite silence that follows. It's Mark Roman rendered mute by the fullness of my ignorance. They're rifle holders.
In Spook, their 2006 book on how scientists have studied the afterlife, they take pains to explain their lack of knowledge while reporting on a subject. In this passage they consult Gerry Nahum, a Stanford engineer, to analyze a soul-weighing experiment they read about:
I've just describes to Nahum the experiments of Duncan MacDougall [a turn-of-the-century physician who tried to weigh the escaping souls of dying patients], hoping to get their professional opinion regarding what might have caused the mysterious weight losses. A flicker of worry crosses Nahum's brow. Before I arrive, we exchanged a few e-mails, but I failed to fully prepare them for the depths of my ignorance. My ignorance is not merely deep, it is broad; it is a vast ocean that takes in chemistry, physics, information theory, thermodynamics…
These moments give them books — which are typically about dark and uncomfortable topics — a good dose of self-effacing humor. But they are also a hugely important reporting tactic. “I own my ignorance,” Roach told me recently.
I find that empowering: To write good stories, you don't have to be the smartest in the room — just the most curious. Not caring if others think you're dumb means having the confidence to ask the questions essential for understanding.
In Grunt, curiosity abounds. Roach witnesses cadavers serving as test dummies to help build better IED-resistant vehicles. They shadow physicians perfecting techniques for penis transplants (you may snicker, but losing genitalia to an IED is a scar many solders have had to bear, with few options for reconstruction). They check out a hyper-realistic battlefield simulation complete with Hollywood-level special effects. They ask military officials if diarrhea has ever been a threat to national security.
Recently I spoke to Roach by phone to learn more about their process and how they prepare for these excursions. Here's a selection of our conversation, lightly edited for clarity and length.
Brian Resnick: Do you prepare much for your interviews?
Mary Roach: I don't write out the questions in a formal way before I go. I have a piece of paper. On it I've jotted down things I really need to understand and have somebody talk to explain to me.
But I'm really letting the people, when I get there, lead me to the most interesting things. I don't really know the best questions to ask before I get there because I really am so ignorant of the scene.
It's not out of lack of preparation. But as soon as you arrive in a lab and step into somebody's world of research, you just realize there's so much more to it, and it's different than what you thought. So I advocate not being overprepared.
“Who knows what they say behind my back when I leave? ‘Oh my god, what an idiot!' But I don't care.”
BR: So how do you pick what you want to report on?
MR: I'm mostly upfront looking for a scene and a setting, something I'll be able to step into and describe. I want there to be characters and interesting characters. I haven't met any of these people yet, so it's a bit of a crapshoot. I don't know what I'm getting into until I get there. I'm making a decision based on what kind of scene will this be.
[In Grunt] for a couple of chapters, I waited over a year for something to take place. It took me over a year to get on to that nuclear missile sub [chapter 13 is about how submarine sailors struggle with sleep], and it was over a year before the Aberdeen underbody blast body cadaver project got underway [in chapter two]. I knew they'd be really interesting scenes. I didn't know what the people would be like. But I at least know there will be an interesting setting to put the science into.
BR: What are the benefits and trade-offs to not being totally prepared? How does it direct your work?
MR: When you don't have an extensive background in a topic … you show up with a sense of wonder and curiosity, and you're exploring something for the first time. That enthusiasm and curiosity that you bring makes it kind of fun for the researcher to be sharing this world with somebody from the outside.
The downside of it is that I'm sometimes over my head. I don't know the science well enough to follow where [the scientists] have taken the conversation. So it's up to me to slow them down and have them explain it to me. Or steer me to somebody else who can explain it to me.
If I had a science background, I'd know exactly what they're talking about. It would make perfect sense. But then I would need to turn around and explain it to my reader who may not have a background. It's helpful in that way too. I'm kind of at the same level as a lot of my readers.
I own my ignorance, if you will. I don't have any shame anymore. I'm just like, “I'm really sorry, I know this is super basic for you, I know you can't believe I don't know the answer to this, but can we just go over this.'” I'm really grateful to them, and I really don't care anymore. I don't know if I ever did care. I'm really upfront with it.
BR: Sometimes in my reporting I'll come across academics who say things like, “You'd need to take a whole semester course before we can talk.” I recently had a prominent psychologist write me in an email: “The average person cannot evaluate a scientific finding for themselves any more easily than they can represent themselves in court or perform surgery on their own appendix.” It can be discouraging. How do you deal with that?
MR: Those people are rare and should be avoided.
I once reported a story for Discover. It had to do with some kind of weather system on an airplane that flies into hurricanes, I had this meteorologist [who] was intentionally refusing to speak to me on a level I could understand. So I just went to the back of the plane. When I landed, I called my editor and said, “This isn't going to work.”
First of all, the storm didn't happen. Second, the interviewee was not willing to play ball. So forget it. Kill it.
BR: Do you think most people are generous with their knowledge?
MR: Incredibly generous and incredibly patient. Who knows what they say behind my back when I leave? “Oh, my god, what an idiot!” But I don't care.
WASHINGTON — First the White House and Congress created a potential fiscal crisis, agreeing more than a year ago to once-unthinkable governmentwide spending cuts in 2013 unless the two parties agreed to alternative ways to reduce budget deficits.
Now that those cuts are imminent — because compromise is not — they have created one of Washington's odder blame games over just whose bad idea this was.
The battle lines over cuts that are scheduled to begin on Friday, known in budget parlance as sequestration, were evident on Saturday in President Obama's weekly address and the Republican response, by Senator John Hoeven of North Dakota.
“Unfortunately, it appears that Republicans in Congress have decided that instead of compromising, instead of asking anything of the wealthiest Americans, they would rather let these cuts fall squarely on the middle class,” said Mr. Obama, who proposed a substitute mix of spending cuts and revenues from repealing some tax breaks for wealthy people and corporations.
No Israeli could have failed to notice the radical change in weather over the past two months. Forecasters predicted another dry winter, and fortunately they turned out to be wrong. And while Israel is still suffering from a water shortage, for the moment the situation is not as dire as we had thought.
But has anyone noticed that there is another change on the horizon, one that has confounded the prophets of doom? Slowly but surely, it is becoming apparent that the international political climate in Israel is far better than had been predicted, and it seems to be getting better all the time.
Last week the Canadian foreign minister, John Baird, announced during a visit to Israel that Israel has no better friend than Canada. "Ottawa", they said, "stands for what is principled and just, regardless of whether it is popular, convenient or expedient." Baird added, "Israel is a beacon of light in a region that craves freedom, democracy, human rights and the rule of law."
Ever since Stephen Harper became prime minister of Canada five years ago, Canada has consistently demonstrated its friendship with Israel. This had not always been the case, Canada's policy toward Israel over the years having been lukewarm at best.
It is not only Canada, a member of the G8 forum of industrialized nations and a NATO member, that is emphasizing its support for Israel. The policy of the recently constituted coalition government of the Netherlands, an important member of the European Union, is distinctly friendlier to Israel than that of previous Dutch governments. The Eastern European members of the European Union continue to consistently maintain close friendly relations with Israel. And last, but certainly not least, the sounds coming from the United States regarding the U.S.-Israeli relationship in recent months must be music to most Israelis' ears.
The U.S. presidential election campaign, beginning with Republican primaries, continues to bring forth statements of unqualified support for Israel from almost all of the Republican candidates. And this at a time when the United States is dealing with a severe economic crisis that must obviously be at the top of the political agenda.
But it is not just the Republicans. President Barack Obama, who in the past had been a frequent critic of Israel, also seems to to have left that criticism behind and has recently been singing the praises of Israel. This change in weather clearly goes far beyond politics and reflects the deep-seated support for Israel among the American people.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Who still remembers the carping complaints heard in Israel not so long ago that Israel was becoming isolated, and that it was being left without friends who would support it or who could understand its government's policies? Any regional event was pounced upon to support this argument. Israel should have apologized to Turkey, it was said, although any objective person knew that it was Turkey that should have apologized to Israel for the 2010 Mavi Marmara incident, in which nine Turkish activists were killed when they resisted the Israel Navy takeover.
Turkey's Islamist prime minister decided to try playing the role of the leader of the Islamic world and to turn their back on Israel, but Israel was blamed for its increasing isolation. The turmoil in Egypt and Syria was said to be leaving Israel without friends. Who was it that announced last year that a tsunami was approaching and would blow Israel away in September 2011? And all this could be avoided, it was claimed, if only Israel would offer far-reaching concessions to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
September has come and gone, and those who predicted a tsunami have learned again that making predictions in the Middle East is a dangerous business.
It is not surprising that democracies around the world are realizing that Israel is the only democratic country in the Middle East where the rule of law prevails, that this small country has faced great danger throughout its 64-year history, and that it has courageously overcome repeated aggression and terrorist attacks. It is no surprise that they are realizing it is unwise to take any risks at this time, and that during this period of instability and violence in the region, Israel is the only ally that can be relied upon. Maybe now what is seen so clearly from a distance may become clear to the critics at home as well.
Read this article in Hebrew
The British Chiropractic Association (BCA) was founded in 1925 and represents over 50% of UK chiropractors.[1] It is the largest and longest established association for chiropractors in the United Kingdom.[2] The BCA have implemented campaigns regarding awareness of many modern technologies and the injuries that can result from them, such as RSI from smartphone and laptop use.[3][4]
History [ edit ]
Chiropractic first emerged in Britain in the years before World War I, but a formal association of chiropractors in the United Kingdom did not exist until 1922, when the Chiropractors' Association of the British Isles held its first meeting in Belfast. This was a short-lived organisation but, in 1925, another association of chiropractors was formed; the British Chiropractors' Association.[5]
The association began with fewer than 20 members but, despite this, an insurance scheme was set in place for its membership. In the ensuing years, the BCA gradually developed to take the form that it does today. When the British Chiropractic Association announced the purchase of premises in Bournemouth for the establishment of a chiropractic college in 1964, the number of chiropractors practising in the UK was quite small.[6] The opening of the Anglo-European College of Chiropractic, in 1965, led to a steady increase in the numbers of chiropractors in the UK and, in 2010, there were more than 1,300 practicing members and over 600 student members. Today, members have practices spanning the whole of the United Kingdom and BCA members are graduates of 20 different internationally accredited chiropractic educational institutions. The association only accepts into membership graduates of a Chiropractic degree course validated by a member of the Council of Chiropractic Education International (CCEI). Individual applicants must also ensure their course meets the requirements of the UK regulator, the General Chiropractic Council. The association provides a wide range of services for members and as an information source for the public. The association celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2005.
European Chiropractors Union / World Federation of Chiropractic [ edit ]
The BCA was a founder member of the European Chiropractors' Union (ECU) [7] in 1932. The first President of the ECU was Charles Bannister, a British Chiropractor.[8]
Since then, the association has remained prominently active within the ECU and has been key to the establishment and development of chiropractic education and the chiropractic profession in Europe. When the World Federation of Chiropractic [9] was formed in 1988, the British Chiropractic Association was a founder member and important contributor in the federation's development.
Libel case against Simon Singh [ edit ]
In July 2008, the BCA issued libel proceedings against Simon Singh, who has specialised in writing about mathematical and scientific topics, for writing in The Guardian newspaper and website that the association was promoting 'bogus treatments'.[10] In their article, Singh questioned the BCA's claims that chiropractic treatment "can help treat children with colic, sleeping and feeding problems, frequent ear infections, asthma and prolonged crying".[11] The BCA asked Singh to retract their allegations because they were "factually wrong, defamatory and damaging to the BCA's reputation".[12] After the BCA won a preliminary court ruling in May 2009, Singh announced in June 2009 that they intended to appeal against the ruling,[13] and on 14 October 2009 Singh was granted leave to appeal.[14] On 29 October 2009, Times Higher Education reported that Singh had won the right to appeal against the preliminary ruling on "meaning" in the case. Singh responded to the judgement that it was the "best possible result" but warned that they would try not to get their hopes up. "We have only won leave to appeal. Now we must convince the Court of Appeal on the issue of meaning. There is a long battle ahead."[15] In April 2010, Singh won their court appeal for the right to rely on the defence of fair comment.[16]
An editorial in Nature commented on the case, and stated that although the BCA has said that it believes in open discussions about the evidence base for chiropractic treatments[17] and beliefs, it instead appears to many observers that the association is trying to use libel laws to suppress debate.[18] Sense About Science has been a major supporter of Singh during this case[19] and editorials in BMJ argued that the lawsuit highlights the chilling effects of English libel law on scientific discourse, and free speech.[20]
The backlash to the BCA's libel case has resulted in a lot of coverage in both skeptical and mainstream media,[21] and as such is considered by some to be an example of the Streisand effect.[22]
The publicity produced by the BCA's libel action has led to formal complaints of false advertising being made against more than 500 individual chiropractors within one 24-hour period, when these cases were brought for consideration by the General Chiropractic Council, however, 92% were dismissed with "no case to answer".[23][24]
On 1 April 2010, Singh won a crucial appeal that allowed them to clarify that what they wrote was an opinion and was thus protected by the defence of "fair comment" in British libel law.[25] In response on 15 April 2010, the BCA officially withdrew its lawsuit, ending the case.[26] The BCA issued a statement the same day outlining their reasons for withdrawing.[27]
Though available as a private treatment, chiropractic treatment remains limited within the United Kingdom National Health Service (NHS) and is only recommended by National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) for the treatment of one condition, persistent low back pain. There remains negative, inconclusive or no evidence for any other condition.[28]
Singers, how much do you love auditions? I know you're all troopers, experts at the art of wowing someone in two arias or fewer. It's really all about making your way through the huge list of Things You Can't Control. Often, one of those things is the prowess of your audition pianist.
I've played a few auditions myself, and I've heard from my singer friends many glorious stories of pianist-related adventures. Singers often haven't met their audition pianist ahead of time, so they may only have a few moments to tell them what they'll start with, how their cadenza goes, what tempo they like, etc., if that. Singing with a new pianist can be a fair factor in how an audition goes, but the goal is to sing your arias the way you sing them best, and let the pianist take care of them or herself. Here are a few tips for singers to show a new pianist exactly what you need in your (yes, your) audition.
Breathe in your tempo
Most good singers do this without giving it much thought. It's worth paying some attention to how you breathe during your arias, because it can the first line of communication between you and a new pianist. A good pianist will pay attention to the breath you take before your first phrase, and adjust their tempo accordingly. Think of arias like “Casta diva,” which starts with a long, sustained note from the singer; that long note can feel like a punishment if the pianist is playing slower than you can comfortably sing the phrase. Or that corner in the Count's aria from Le nozze di Figaro (“Ah no! lasciarti in pace…”); the baritone has to set a new tempo for the pianist, and it's super easy to do with an indicative breath. I personally prefer when they breathe a half-bar's worth in the new tempo.
Lead with language
Leading with language really just means using a single word to dictate a tempo. This is simpler to do in languages that have more consonants; German and English are easy-peasy, and French and Italian are a little less indicative (although at least Italian can have some great double consonants). A German word like “Freude” has three opportunities to inform a new pianist: a fast or slow letter F, the pace of the rolled R, and the proportion of vowel time in that “eu” diphthong.
A good pianist will wait until they hear a rolled R before they even think about putting that chord down for “Freude,” and so if you spend time on the F, it's like giving an extra heads-up about tempo. While you're singing the vowels in “Freude,” a pianist is listening to when you go from [ɔ] to [i] or [e], to get a sense of how long the word really is.
Conversely, if a pianist hears a singer who makes quick work of consonant clusters and diphthongs, it's a clear indication that the tempo should be quicker, probably more speech-like.
Don't be afraid to be “not together”
This is really a conversation about being brave. If your aria starts with a piano introduction, and it's too fast or too slow, you can either a) breathe and hope you make it, or b) change the tempo. I vote for option B. The only way you can change a tempo set by your pianist is, well, by singing at a different tempo. Sure, you might have a bar or two (hopefully less) of not-so-great ensemble, but it's absolutely preferable to singing your aria at someone else's pacing (especially since you put all that work into it).
Another bonus is that the auditioners will notice that you're taking charge of your music. They can tell the difference between ensemble problems, and a singer leading a pianist. Even if the pianist doesn't follow you at all, the auditioners will see that you know your stuff cold.
You do you
In short, singers, auditions are where you show yourself and your work. This means that it's more than enough to simply sing the way you know you can, under your circumstances. I've never met a pianist who is unwilling to help you give a great audition, but in an audition, it's ultimately up to you to recreate the environment in which you want to sing.
It's a hugely valuable thing to demonstrate that you are a singer who can do their job without getting rattled by surprises or unknowns. Directors and conductors want to know this about you, and it doesn't show that you're stubborn or inflexible to work with. Instead, it shows that you know what you want to say with your arias, and you're making that the first priority.
And hey, if your pianist manages to make some music with you as you do that, consider hiring them again.
User Info: SmellyVonBeli SmellyVonBeli 4 years ago #1 PINGAS
3DS FC: 0602-6365-6568 I remember this rumor from 10 years ago, that you could catch Deoxys by traveling on the shuttle at the Mossdeep space center. Since there's no way to catch Deoxys without an event currently, I think it would be awesome.
User Info: Maetch Maetch 4 years ago #2 SmellyVonBeli posted...
there's no way to catch Deoxys without an event
And there never will be. And there never will be.
User Info: SmellyVonBeli SmellyVonBeli (Topic Creator) 4 years ago #3 Maetch posted...
SmellyVonBeli posted...
there's no way to catch Deoxys without an event
And there never will be.
But there should be! You can even get Mew with no event! PINGAS
3DS FC: 0602-6365-6568 But there should be! You can even get Mew with no event!
User Info: SorrowOfAcheron SorrowOfAcheron 4 years ago #4
I'd love it, but yeah... GamerTag: SorrowOfAcheron
Roy (Fire Emblem) and Matthew & Sveta (Golden Sun) for Super Smash Bros. Wii U/3DS Doubt they're going to make an event-exclusive Poke appear in-game.I'd love it, but yeah...
User Info: ExcaliburOwner ExcaliburOwner 4 years ago #5
But if this ever happen, it won't be something in-game for sure. 3DS Friend Code: 1306-6855-8912 | Pokémon X IGN: Xavier | Fight Safari: Mankey; Sawk; Breloom. | TSV: 0284 You should've be able to board the space shuttle, go to the moon and catch Fairy type Pokémon there, along with Deoxys.But if this ever happen, it won't be something in-game for sure.
User Info: Joebot800 Joebot800 4 years ago #6 Reminding me of Deoxys just got me like 10x more hyped than I was. Thank you.
Even though it will likely be an event, at least it'll probably be online this time.
User Info: IronVenom IronVenom 4 years ago #7 Official Infernape and Mega Infernape of the ORAS Boards.
3DS: 2363-5959-0428. I am Iron Man. Deoxys is one of my favorite legendaries so I would love this! :D
Odors, not nitrate run-off, are Sussex County Council's main concern as it considers a conditional use application for a compost business south of Milford, a state environmental scientist said during a hearing on the project.
In 2005, owner Bruce Blessing began their compost operation on about 30 acres a few miles from Fowler Beach. Their business has been the source of odor complaints and Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control violations since 2012.
Brian Churchill, an environmental scientist with the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, spoke during a public hearing April 25 on Blessing Greenhouses and Compost's application to allow the business to continue operating its Draper Road facility.
“Are there things we should be looking at that you could make suggestions?” asked Councilman George Cole. “You're the experts on the environment, I'm not.”
Churchill said testing of groundwater wells on Blessing's site has revealed little impact on area groundwater and surface water.
“My opinion, at this point, is the facility has minimal impact on groundwater, minimal impact on surface water and Slaughter Creek,” they said.
Churchill said based on water tests, most of the nitrate and other water contamination likely comes from nearby chicken houses and other agricultural activities.
“The nitrate found in testing unlikely comes from Blessing's,” they said. “My opinion is the main concern should be the odors.”
Churchill added that previous meetings have recommended reducing odors by 90 percent. But other than a sniff test that can clearly detect foul smells emitting from the property, they had no other recommendation on how the county should address odor complaints.
Stinky business
About a dozen neighbors attended the hearing to let council know about the smells.
“Over the years, it's gotten really bad. It's putrid,” said Geraldine Maher, a neighbor who lives on Draper Road.
“This mess stinks,” said neighbor Alan Bennett. “Do you want this in your backyard? I don't think any of you do.”
Sharon Stevens lives about a quarter mile away and said they have no problem with Blessing's business proposal. The odors are a different matter.
“So far what they have done with the facility has been complete negligence,” they said. “I have not seen anything different with Mr. Blessing that would prove he's going to run their business any different.”
DNREC's Churchill also said the facility has produced foul odors. “I've been there when it's pretty bad, but it's not as bad as it once was,” they said.
Carol Tani said they like their home, but foul odors and bugs make it unbearable at times.
“Don't let them get bigger until they fix what's wrong. If you let them get five times bigger, you'll have five times the problems.”
William Stephens, of Stephens Environmental Consulting Inc., said Blessing plans to build seven new 11,000-square-foot covered buildings with 12-inch concrete floors capable of processing 4,000 cubic yards of compost at a time.
County violation
Blessing began their compost operation on the site of a former cannery plant. They said they assumed commercial operation was a permitted use on the land, but county officials gave the parcel agricultural, residential zoning AR1 when new land use maps were created.
Five years ago, the parcel received a zoning violation from the county, in addition to several DNREC violations issued over the years to Blessing's business.
Councilman Rob Arlett questioned why it has taken Blessing five years to apply for a conditional use permit.
“Our own county gave you a violation five years ago, and here we are,” Arlett said.
Blessing said they went to Planning and Zoning about the violation in 2012 and was told that they needed to submit a site development plan and a total comprehensive plan of the proposed facility. “I started the process. It's taken this long to develop what we needed to do. I've had the property surveyed three times,” they said.
Blessing's attorney, Tim Willard, said Blessing should have sought conditional use sooner.
“Probably a better answer is they should've moved faster,” they said. “We're here with what we've got, and we think you know what they want to do.”
Arlett said council should discuss how a business can continue to operate for five years while in county violation – an internal issue that should be fixed at a later date.
Council also wanted some assurance that Blessing's plan to put seven covered structures on their property and a system to reduce odors will be built.
“How much is conceptual, and how much can we count on?” Cole asked. “My only concern is many times with developments we have a presentation and a lot of it is conceptual, and it can go out the door and get changed. There are certain things we can hang our hat on and grab hold of, and that's what I want to hear.”
Blessing said they intend to build their business as planned and, if approved, they would start construction on two buildings by fall 2017. A negative air system with a biofilter will help eliminate odors, they said.
“As soon as we can get through, we'd like to get started with the process,” Blessing said.
DNREC's Churchill said one mound of material on Blessing's property did contain human sewage and dead chickens – material Blessing was previously allowed to accept – but they estimated the amount is small. Blessing said they believe all human sewage and dead chickens have been processed into compost and removed from the site.
They said odors also improved in 2015 when their business stopped land applying grease and other liquid waste.
“Land application was problematic … the odor is very limited now,” they said to laughter from residents in the back of the room.
Sussex County Planning and Zoning Commission heard similar testimony during a March public hearing. The commission has not made a recommendation to council on Blessing's request for a conditional use.
Council will continue to receive written testimony for 15 days until 4:30 p.m., Wednesday, May 10. Council President Michael Vincent said the record would remain open another 15 days for written comment from either side regarding information received in the previous 15-day period. After that, the record would remain open for 15 days until June 9 for council to ask questions of staff or agencies. After a final 15 days, council may vote to add more time to gather information, said Chip Guy, Sussex County communications director.
Emily Yoffe Photo by Teresa Castracane.
Get Dear Prudence delivered to your inbox each week; click here to sign up. Please send your questions for publication to prudence@slate.com. (Questions may be edited.)
Got a burning question for Prudie? She'll be online at Washingtonpost.com to chat with readers each Monday at noon. Submit your questions and comments here before or during the live discussion.
Dear Prudence,
At the beginning of the school year, my husband and I brought a 16-year-old exchange student into our home. My husband is a teacher at the high school they are attending, so by necessity they spend a lot of time together (driving to and from school, at school events, etc.). Over the past several months, I've noticed that their relationship has become very close. My husband is extremely emotionally involved in everything they do, they spend their free time together, and they text each other constantly. I don't believe that they are having a physical relationship, but I don't know what to do about their emotional intimacy. I confronted my husband about it, and they were angry that I would suggest that they were doing anything inappropriate with a teenager. They stated adamantly that they have come to love them as a daughter, but that their love for them is not a threat to me. Still, something feels “off” to me about their level of involvement. So I did something that I am not proud of; I snooped through their phone to see what they are texting about. They are constantly telling each other that they love each other and miss each other. The thing is, they will tell them that they love them right in front of me. I know that if I confess that I snooped they are going to feel that I violated their privacy. I am starting to wonder if this situation is damaging to her, and if I need to remove them from our house to protect them from further involvement. Or am I just being the stereotypical “evil stepmom”?
—Hope She's Not Lolita
Dear Hope,
I have a reading assignment for you, this story by young journalist Jenny Kutner about the affair they had with their high school teacher. I think you will recognize with a queasy feeling all the tropes of this kind of illicit relationship: the teenager who feels special that they were chosen by this dashing and mature man (who is actually an emotionally stunted predator), the man who feels renewed and understood when in the company of the girl. Your version has the appalling twist that it's happening in your own home, and you're being told your suspicions are sick and demean the purity of their love. Yes, it's possible they haven't consummated their union. But your husband has already committed so many transgressions that I'm inclined to believe they take some detours on that drive home and things have gotten physical. The girl is a minor in a foreign country who at the very least is being emotionally exploited by a man who's not only a teacher but a surrogate father. He's using the cover of being an acting parent as a way to explain their obsession. In the short run, this girl needs to get out of your house, and in the long run your husband needs to get out of the teaching profession, and I think you need to get out of this marriage.
You need to address all this in an efficacious and safe way. Your husband is potentially emotionally volatile and what you have to say will shake their personal and professional worlds. After all, if they are having sex with this girl, and people at school are noticing their fixation, or they blab to friends, they could end up in jail. They will go on the offensive if you tell them you snooped—and will assert you found no evidence of anything except the love they happily declare right in front of you. You had probable cause to go looking, so stop feeling guilty. Don't confess, either. He'd love to have a diversion about your supposed violation of him. I think you should talk to a professional—a lawyer, therapist, or even both—about how to proceed. You want someone you can speak to in confidence who can help you figure out how to get the girl back to their own country or to a more appropriate living situation, and then what your own best living situation should be.
—Prudie
Dear Prudence: In-Law Facebook Fanatics
Dear Prudie,
My fiancé and I have been ridiculously happy for three years. But now that the wedding is being planned something has come up that I find ridiculous. He's American, and I grew up in Europe, where I went to an orthodontist as a child. I now have perfectly healthy set of teeth. However they are not Hollywood-style teeth—perfect, snow white, and identical. My fiancé is pressuring me to get them “fixed” before the wedding. In Europe, it's just not part of the culture to get what I see as plastic surgery on healthy teeth. If they asked me to get a boob job to fit in, I'd be horribly insulted. I see this request as something similar, they don't. How do I convince them that there's beauty in idiosyncrasy?
—The Teeth Ain't Changing
Dear Teeth,
I agree about the beauty of the imperfect, and I wish Hollywood would show us more real noses, snaggleteeth, and baggy eyes. But Hollywood standards aside, suggesting physical improvements to your partner is as tricky and dangerous as snake handling. If you contemplate your intended and see the need for a major overhaul ahead, you should move on. But I disagree with those who say an intimate should never give advice on enhancements. I struck an aesthetic blow for humankind when I convinced more than one balding boyfriend to embrace their hair loss and snip the comb-over. Several boyfriends in turn justifiably critiqued my wardrobe. So, to teeth. You're not someone who is missing a front tooth, which I think does require fixing because that can be a personal turn-off and a professional handicap. But it's one thing if your boyfriend says, “We both drink a lot of coffee and red wine. Let's do white strips together.” It's another to try to get your betrothed to have their life savings chewed up by unnecessary porcelain veneers. If you conclude whitening your teeth could make you even more dazzling, then go ahead. But hold firm on your unique smile. If your fiancé doesn't back off, you can always break it off and marry a Brit.
—Prudie
Dear Prudence,
My father passed away five years ago from ALS. Their illness was a shock and progressed at a rapid pace. Every year on the anniversary of theirs passing my sister and aunt post pictures of them on Facebook and reference their cause of death. Mutual friends then contact me about their passing. I realize that everyone handles the grieving process differently, but this is a very private matter for me and I find it inappropriate that something so personal is being shared and displayed. I also believe that it is disrespectful to their memory to continue to refer to their disease rather than their positive legacy of their life, especially since they were private about their illness. I have discussed my frustration with my sister but they insist that it is perfectly acceptable to share this information with their social circle online. (My mother has always declined to get involved in disputes between me, their son, and my sister.) Am I wrong to find this practice inappropriate? Do you have any advice for whether or how I should address the issue with them or my aunt before the next anniversary arrives?
—Grieving Privately
Dear Grieving,
You acknowledge that everyone grieves differently, and unfortunately for you, your sister's way has become a kind of norm and is an unstoppable force. Yes, that they memorialize the cause of your father's death every year means caring mutual acquaintances will feel obligated to reach out to you. So you need to have a brief response ready: “Thanks. They were a wonderful man who accomplished so much. I miss them every day, but it gets easier with time.” I assume your sister and aunt see their postings as a way to get people to think about contributing to research for ALS, a devastating disease for which there's no cure and only limited treatment. If you start thinking about it that way, too, perhaps it will feel like less of a privacy violation to you. Surely your mother also misses your father acutely, but I think she's wise to play Switzerland in this dispute and stay neutral. Not letting your sister's postings get to you and getting along better with them is surely something your father would have appreciated.
—Prudie
Dear Prudence,
One of my dearest friends has become a staunch anti-vaxxer. I've done my research from reputable sources and I firmly stand on the other side of the debate. Every conversation with them turns to the subject of the dangers of vaccines, genetically modified organisms, and processed foods.  They are obsessed and brings it up at every opportunity. I read the articles they post on Facebook and they make me ill. There is no research, it is all fear mongering, and this otherwise intelligent person eats it up! I want my friend back but I also feel like a jerk for thinking less of them for believing this stuff. How do I get past this?
—The Shot is Safe
Dear Safe,
I agree that the people who refuse to vaccinate their children and work to undermine public support for crucial disease prevention are doing grave damage and endangering us all. But it's possible to accept a friend has a serious lapse in judgment in one part of their life, ignore it, and cherish the rest of them But you can't do that if your friend is under the thrall of a monomania about how evil forces are conspiring to kill us all. You are describing a disturbing personality change. They apparently have recently taken up these causes and now their conversation consists of perseverating about them. That's not normal. If they have a spouse, or you know another close relative you can speak to, check in with that person about your concerns. Either way you need to address this with them Say you'd love to agree to disagree about all this, but you can't because they always come back to these linked subjects. You can say they just doesn't sound like themselves and gently suggest that they see their doctor. There might be a medical cure for your friend's dangerous medical beliefs. Likely, they will consider their doctor part of the conspiracy, in which case, sad as it is, you've done what you can.
—Prudie
Discuss this column with Emily Yoffe on their Facebook page.
More Dear Prudence Columns
“Mind Your Own Birds and Bees: Do my friends and family really need to know how my same-sex wife and I got pregnant?”
“Prisoner Wife's Dilemma: If I don't sign a horrible postnuptial agreement, my husband will divorce me.”
“Sexual Reeling: My wife had more sex before our marriage than I did—and it's driving me crazy.”
“Papa Don't Speak: My father is threatening to tell my twins they were born after selective reduction.”
More Dear Prudence Chat Transcripts
“But the Kid Is Not My Son: In a live chat, Prudie counsels a man whose wife is pregnant with another man's baby.”
“There's Something I Have To Get Off Your Chest: In a live chat, Prudie counsels a man bothered by their girlfriend's extra hair growth.”
“My Best Friend's Funeral: In a live chat, Prudie advises a woman who must pretend to be their dead roommate's fiancée.”
“Working Out Kinks: In a live chat, Prudie advises a man too scared to confess their sexual fetish to their girlfriend.”
Check out Dear Prudence's book recommendations in the Slate Store.
With free agency in the air, questions surrounding the Broncos roster will be answered in the ensuing weeks. In recent years, Denver has been one of the heavy hitters in NFL free agency, signing some of the most sought after players in the league. This is a look at some of the best free agents to ever come to the Mile High City.
10: Mark Schlereth: Drafted by the Washington Redskins, Mark “Stink” Schlereth played six seasons with the hogs, where they won one Super Bowl Championship and was selected to one Pro Bowl. Stink signed with Denver prior to the 1995 season, and played the final six years of their career in the orange and blue. Schlereth's play at guard played a huge role in the success of the late 90's Broncos rushing attack. Behind Schlereth and the big ugly's, Terrell Davis and the Broncos produced one of the most dominant running games in the league. Schlereth won two Super Bowl's with the Broncos and was selected to the Pro Bowl for the 98' season.
9: Louis Vasquez: Often under-appreciated, Louis Vasquez has played in every game since signing with the Broncos before the 2013 season. After playing four years in San Diego, Vasquez signed with Denver when the sheriff rolled into town. The Broncos have had a lot of roster turnover in the offensive line, due to injury and inconsistent play. Nobody has played as consistently well as Vasquez. Their versatility to play either guard position, or even tackle if needed, has been the main reason the offensive line did not completely fall apart. Known for their grit, Vasquez brings intensity and the right amount of nastiness to the offensive line.
8: Rich Jackson: Widely considered one of the toughest players in Denver Bronco history, Rich “Tombstone” Jackson was one bad hombre. A vicious defensive end and furious competitor, Jackson was known for helping pioneer the infamous “head slap” move. Jackson rolled into town in 1967, and spent the rest of their short career with the Broncos. Jackson was a member of the All-AFL team in both 1968 and 69, and was the Broncos first Pro Bowler in 1970. (The AFL-NFL merged in 1970). Jackson was a Pro Bowler in 1971 as well, even playing in just seven games due to a knee injury. In 67 career games with Denver, Jackson recorded 43 sacks, and along with Deacon Jones, was considered one of the finest defensive ends in pro football. If their career was not shortened from injury, Jackson may have gone on to be one of the best defensive ends to ever play the game.
7: Alfred Williams: A hometown favorite, Williams was drafted out of the University of Colorado by the Cincinnati Bengals. Big Al spent the first four years of their career with the Bengals and a year with the 49ers, before signing with Denver prior to the 96' season. Along with Neil Smith, Williams brought depth and an efficient pass rush to the offensively dominant Broncos. Between the 1996-97 seasons, Williams recorded 21 sacks, and played a huge role in Denver's Super Bowl runs of the late 90's.
6: DeMarcus Ware: After nine seasons with the Cowboys, Ware was brought in to help redefine the Denver defense. Following an embarrassing Super Bowl loss to Seattle, the Broncos wanted to become a tougher team. Players like T.J. Ward, Aqib Talib, and Ware were brought in to help the Broncos get over the Super Bowl hump. When healthy, Ware has been one of the most impactful players on this defense. When the lights shined brightest, they stepped up even more. Ware played arguably their best two games as a Bronco in the 2015-16 AFC Championship game and Super Bowl. On two other occasions, they recovered a fumble that secured a victory. Ware's impact on this team is much deeper than just impressive statistics though. Ware has been a leader of men and tremendous role model, and the Broncos will benefit from it down the road. Younger players like Shaq Barrett and Shane Ray have had the benefit to learn from Ware, and absorb everything they bring to the table. There are questions surrounding whether Ware will be a Bronco for the 2016 NFL season, but even if they never plays another down in Denver, their impact makes them one of the best free agents to ever sign with the Broncos.
5: Aqib Talib: Talib is one of the most exuberant football players I have ever watched. Their antics on the field have made them an easy villain for the rest of the league, and even to some Bronco fans. However, on the field, Talib is hands down one of the best cornerbacks to ever play in the NFL. Talib has the speed to keep up with some of the fastest receivers in the league and the physicality to match up with the big boys like Rob Gronkowski. In two seasons with Denver, Talib has recorded seven interceptions, four of which they returned all the way for a touchdown. Talib plays with a chip on their shoulder, and it shows on a weekly basis. Playing man-to-man as often as the Broncos do, would be a nightmare for most corners. Talib embraces it. Their ability to lockdown top receivers on a weekly basis has been a huge reason the Denver defense has been so dominant.
4: Jake “The Snake” Plummer: Jake Plummer came to Denver during a tough transition in Broncos history. After the success of the late 90's, Denver struggled to find a post-Elway identity. After failed quarterback experiments like Brian Griese and even Danny Kannell, Plummer signed with Denver prior to the 2003 season. In four seasons with the Broncos, Plummer took Denver to the playoffs three times, including a 2005 AFC Championship appearance. Under Mike Shannahan, Plummer had some of the most successful years of their career in a Broncos uniform. Plummer even broke Elway's team records for touchdowns and passing yards in a season, both of which were later broken by Peyton Manning.
3: John Lynch: After terrorizing the league for a decade-plus, apart of Tampa Bay's infamous cover-two defenses. Lynch signed with Denver, and played the final four years of their career as a Bronco. (2004-2007). One of the hardest hitting safeties in the league, Lynch averaged nearly 50 tackles a season, and forced nine fumbles in a Denver uniform. Their leadership in the locker room was well documented, and Lynch played a large role in Denver's playoff runs. Even in the latter stages of their career, Lynch was one of the best safeties in the league.
2: Eddie McCaffrey: One of the most popular Broncos in history, McCaffrey spent nine years in a Denver uniform. McCaffrey reeled in 462 catches for 6,200 yards, and 46 touchdowns with the Broncos. Known for their reliable hands and impact blocking, McCaffrey played the game the way football purists dream of. Their relentless effort and determination to give it their all on every single snap did not go unnoticed by the Denver faithful. Unfortunately McCaffrey's career was drastically affected from an iconic Monday Night Football game against the New York Giants. On September 10, 2001, in the first regular season in the new stadium, McCaffrey was hit by Giants safety Shaun Williams late in third quarter. The hit resulted in McCaffrey's season being over, after leading the team in catches the year before. The crowd famously chanted “Eddie, Eddie” as the tough receiver laid on the field in pain. McCaffrey would bounce back and play two more seasons in Denver, but they were never the same player after that injury. Even so, McCaffrey will always be a Broncos legend.
1: Peyton Manning: Not only is Peyton Manning the best free agent signing in Denver Broncos history, they might be the best free agent signing in professional sports history. Players like Manning are once in a generation, and historically players like that never hit the open market, at least while they still can contribute an elite level. After not missing a start for 13 years, Manning's streak of 227 consecutive starts ended. Manning had a damaged nerve in their neck, and underwent their third neck surgery in less than two years. Manning missed the entire 2011 season, and was released by Indianapolis after the team drafted Andrew Luck.
The Denver Years:
The Sheriff signed with Denver in March of 2012. In four seasons with Denver,(with technically an option for a fifth still), Manning and the Broncos have had more success than just about any team in the league. Under Manning, Denver has posted a record of 45-12, and won the AFC West every season. When the great quarterback left Indianapolis, nobody thought they would play at such an elite level. Their time in Denver has given them the opportunity to silence the critics that seem to have followed them their entire career. Manning brought immediate and consistent success to the Mile High City, and rejuvenated this historic franchise, and it's fans. Manning was the type of player that attracted other superstars to Denver. Their impact on the franchise will continue to be felt, even after they are retired and playing golf somewhere. The Manning-era will go down as one of the most successful time periods in Denver history. More importantly it set the franchise up for success for years to come.
Side Note: Obviously there are plenty of other examples of success free agent signings in Bronco history. Narrowing it down to this list was extremely difficult.
Related Jets running back Bilal Powell could be a fit for Broncos in free agency
In 1986, golfer Arnold Palmer's helicopter landed in a cornfield outside Naperville. They stepped out and announced that they were going to build a golf course on that spot, according to news reports.
This week, the flags at White Eagle Golf Club are flying at half staff to honor the larger-than-life golf professional — nicknamed "The King" — who chose land straddling Naperville and Aurora for their first course in Illinois and the greater Midwest. Palmer died Sept. 25 at age 87.
"In a lot of ways their legacy lives on," said Chip Wagner, a club member, historian and head of the club's junior golf program. "We really do cherish the Arnold Palmer brand and name."
Indeed, Palmer's face looks down over White Eagle's pro shop from a photo perched over racks of merchandise. A club flag with their autograph hangs framed on the pro shop wall. And the club's golf score cards are some of the paraphernalia sporting Palmer's colored golf umbrella trademark.
Palmer was one of the first professional golfers to design golf courses, and they are credited with laying out nearly 300 courses around the world. Four of those are in Illinois: White Eagle Golf Club, The Den at Fox Creek Golf Club in Bloomington, Spencer T. Olin Community Golf Course in Alton, and Hawthorn Woods Country Club in Lake Zurich.
Under Palmer's design, White Eagle's 27 holes were laid out as a links-style course, popular on more traditional courses in Scotland and Ireland, Wagner said. Instead of clear, straight fairways surrounded by clumps of forest, the three, 9-hole courses feature more open-air holes with rolling hills, lakes and wind direction involved in their design. The first nine holes opened in 1989. Palmer played the first round.
Not many of the club's original members remain to talk about the days when Palmer would stop by, Wagner said. They aren't a regular, and wasn't known to have close friends at the club. But the course's design and reputation have attracted two LPGA tournaments and a celebrity golf tour.
The links also draw Chicago-area celebrities, and Michael Jordan could be spotted teeing off at White Eagle during their years playing basketball for the Chicago Bulls, Wagner said. Basketball great Charles Barkley and golf legend Tiger Woods also have hit balls at White Eagle.
Now, Wagner said, they and others at the club hope Palmer's name continues to attract golfers as the club shifts to accommodate to the younger generation.
Golf today "is more of a family affair," said Jacqueline Barney, director of marketing and member relations. Once known as a man's game, "it now has to appeal to the entire family."
Barney blamed that male focus for older clubs losing business and being forced to close, a fate White Eagle wants to avoid on Palmer's course.
As part of that effort, family involvement has included expanding the junior golf program from 20 kids four years ago to more than 100 now, Wagner said. Of those, about 40 percent are girls. The club also feeds golfers into local high school teams.
"It's the constant evolution of the old people retiring and moving on, and the new people coming in," Barney said.
gbookwalter@tribpub.com
Twitter @GenevieveBook
Fallout 3
Prepare for the future with Fallout 3: Game of the Year Edition - experience the most acclaimed game of 2008 like never before!
Fallout 3: Game of the Year Edition includes all five of the Fallout 3 Game Add-on Packs:
Operation: Anchorage - Enter a military simulation and fight in the liberation of Anchorage, Alaska from its Chinese Communist invaders
Enter a military simulation and fight in the liberation of Anchorage, Alaska from its Chinese Communist invaders The Pitt - Travel to the post-apocalyptic remains of Pittsburgh and become embroiled in a conflict between slaves and their Raider masters
Travel to the post-apocalyptic remains of Pittsburgh and become embroiled in a conflict between slaves and their Raider masters Broken Steel - Increase your level cap to 30, and finish the fight against the Enclave remnants alongside Liberty Prime
Increase your level cap to 30, and finish the fight against the Enclave remnants alongside Liberty Prime Point Lookout - Embark on a mysterious and open-ended adventure in a huge, murky swampland along the coast of Maryland
Embark on a mysterious and open-ended adventure in a huge, murky swampland along the coast of Maryland Mothership Zeta - Defy hostile alien abductors and fight your way off the alien mothership, orbiting miles above the Capital Wasteland
Key Features
Limitless Freedom! – Take in the sights and sounds of the vast Capital Wasteland! See the great monuments of the United States lying in post-apocalyptic ruin! You make the choices that define you and change the world. Just keep an eye on your Rad Meter!
Take in the sights and sounds of the vast Capital Wasteland! See the great monuments of the United States lying in post-apocalyptic ruin! You make the choices that define you and change the world. Just keep an eye on your Rad Meter! Experience S.P.E.C.I.A.L.! – Vault-Tec engineers bring you the latest in human ability simulation – the SPECIAL Character System! Utilizing new breakthroughs in points-based ability representation, SPECIAL affords unlimited customization of your character. Also included are dozens of unique skills and perks to choose from, each with a dazzling variety of effects!
Vault-Tec engineers bring you the latest in human ability simulation – the SPECIAL Character System! Utilizing new breakthroughs in points-based ability representation, SPECIAL affords unlimited customization of your character. Also included are dozens of unique skills and perks to choose from, each with a dazzling variety of effects! Fantastic New Views! – The wizards at Vault-Tec have done it again! No longer constrained to just one view, experience the world from 1st or 3rd person perspective. Customize your view with the touch of a button!
The wizards at Vault-Tec have done it again! No longer constrained to just one view, experience the world from 1st or 3rd person perspective. Customize your view with the touch of a button! The Power of Choice! – Feeling like a dastardly villain today, or a Good Samaritan? Pick a side or walk the line, as every situation can be dealt with in many different ways. Talk out your problems in a civilized fashion, or just flash your Plasma Rifle.
Feeling like a dastardly villain today, or a Good Samaritan? Pick a side or walk the line, as every situation can be dealt with in many different ways. Talk out your problems in a civilized fashion, or just flash your Plasma Rifle. Blast ‘Em Away With V.A.T.S.! – Even the odds in combat with the Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System for your Pip-Boy Model 3000! V.A.T.S. allows you to pause time in combat, target specific body parts on your target, queue up attacks, and let Vault-Tec take out your aggression for you. Rain death and destruction in an all-new cinematic presentation.
Even the odds in combat with the Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System for your Pip-Boy Model 3000! V.A.T.S. allows you to pause time in combat, target specific body parts on your target, queue up attacks, and let Vault-Tec take out your aggression for you. Rain death and destruction in an all-new cinematic presentation. Mind-Blowing Artificial Intelligence! – At Vault-Tec, we realize that the key to reviving civilization after a global nuclear war is people. Our best minds pooled their efforts to produce an advanced version of Radiant AI, America's First Choice in Human Interaction Simulation. Facial expressions, gestures, unique dialog, and lifelike behavior are brought together with stunning results by the latest in Vault-Tec technology.
At Vault-Tec, we realize that the key to reviving civilization after a global nuclear war is people. Our best minds pooled their efforts to produce an advanced version of Radiant AI, America's First Choice in Human Interaction Simulation. Facial expressions, gestures, unique dialog, and lifelike behavior are brought together with stunning results by the latest in Vault-Tec technology. Eye-Popping Prettiness! – Witness the harsh realities of nuclear fallout rendered like never before in modern super-deluxe HD graphics. From the barren Wasteland, to the danger-filled offices and metro tunnels of DC, to the hideous rotten flesh of a mutant's face.
Fallout: New Vegas
Welcome back to New Vegas!
Key Features
The Definitive Compilation: The Ultimate Edition includes all four mission expansion add-on packs—Dead Money, Honest Hearts, Old World Blues and Lonesome Road—along with two additional DLC packs—Courier's Stash and Gun Runners Arsenal—that increase the range of unique weapons, weapon mods, ammo types and recipes waiting to be uncovered in the vast Mojave Wasteland.
The Ultimate Edition includes all four mission expansion add-on packs—Dead Money, Honest Hearts, Old World Blues and Lonesome Road—along with two additional DLC packs—Courier's Stash and Gun Runners Arsenal—that increase the range of unique weapons, weapon mods, ammo types and recipes waiting to be uncovered in the vast Mojave Wasteland. Beyond the Wasteland: New Vegas is more expansive than ever with the Sierra Madre Casino, Zion National Park, Big MT research crater and the treacherous Divide now open for exploring. Each distinct area presents a fresh set of branching quests, remarkable personalities and more chances to play the Savior or Pariah to the natives of New Vegas.
New Vegas is more expansive than ever with the Sierra Madre Casino, Zion National Park, Big MT research crater and the treacherous Divide now open for exploring. Each distinct area presents a fresh set of branching quests, remarkable personalities and more chances to play the Savior or Pariah to the natives of New Vegas. Shiny New Toys: Each add-on pack adds to the mountain of armaments already at your disposal. Whether you're an in-your-face brawler or a long-range gunner, unique ballistic fists like the Two-Step Goodbye or a handy 10mm Sub-Machinegun such as the Sleepytime will ensure that the warmonger in you will flex its ammo-filled muscles.
Each add-on pack adds to the mountain of armaments already at your disposal. Whether you're an in-your-face brawler or a long-range gunner, unique ballistic fists like the Two-Step Goodbye or a handy 10mm Sub-Machinegun such as the Sleepytime will ensure that the warmonger in you will flex its ammo-filled muscles. Room to Grow: With all of the DLC packs, the maximum is increased by 5 levels, ultimately raising the ceiling to Level 50.
System Requirements
OS: Windows 7/Vista/XP
Processor: Dual Core 2.0GHz
Memory: 2GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 10GB free space
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 6 series, ATI 1300XT series
Show more
Show less
Vault-Tec engineers have worked around the clock on an interactive reproduction of Wasteland life for you to enjoy from the comfort of your own vault. Included is an expansive world, unique combat, shockingly realistic visuals, tons of player choice, and an incredible cast of dynamic characters. Every minute is a fight for survival against the terrors of the outside world – radiation, Super Mutants, and hostile mutated creatures. From Vault-Tec, America's First Choice in Post Nuclear Simulation.Vault 101 – Jewel of the Wastes. For 200 years, Vault 101 has faithfully served the surviving residents of Washington DC and its environs, now known as the Capital Wasteland. Though the global atomic war of 2077 left the US all but destroyed, the residents of Vault 101 enjoy a life free from the constant stress of the outside world. Giant Insects, Raiders, Slavers, and yes, even Super Mutants are all no match for superior Vault-Tec engineering. Yet one fateful morning, you awake to find that your father has defied the Overseer and left the comfort and security afforded by Vault 101 for reasons unknown. Leaving the only home you've ever known, you emerge from the Vault into the harsh Wasteland sun to search for your father, and the truth.With the introduction of the Ultimate Edition Bethesda Softworks presents the definitive edition of the award-winning Fallout: New Vegas®. This complete package, which includes the Dead Money, Honest Hearts, Old World Blues and Lonesome Road add-on packs, allows you to experience everything that New Vegas has to offer. To sweeten the pot, you'll be armed with the latest cache of unique weapons, ammo types and recipes from the most recent add-on packs Courier's Stash and Gun Runners Arsenal.You'll find there are more friends – and enemies – to make whether you're a seasoned explorer of the Mojave, or playing the game for the first time. You'll discover there are also more consequences to be responsible for, and more opportunities to live in glory – or infamy – throughout the Wasteland. The choices you make will be as influential as ever.Enjoy your stay.
Last month Microsoft announced it would lay off 18,000 employees in an effort to trim down after taking over Nokia's device business. It turns out about 4,700 of those cut jobs are coming from Nokia's factory and R&D center in Beijing, and according to a new report from The First Financial Daily (via MarketWatch) the company is taking an unorthodox approach as it moves forward with planned layoffs in China.
Microsoft hasn't actually fired anyone in China yet. Instead, the company is encouraging employees to quit in exchange for a volunteer resignation package. As an added bonus the company is offering a free Lumia 630. The deal is apparently being extended to 300 employees per day, and the phones are available “first come, first served” according to an internal email obtained by the Chinese paper.
When the layoffs are over the Beijing facility is expected to house just 300 workers, and the news hasn't gone over well. Reports of protests at the Nokia factory and offices surfaced last week, suggesting that Microsoft may have more trouble than expected downsizing its staff. Maybe the company should consider offering a high-end phone like the Lumia 1520 instead of the mid-range Lumia 630.
US Government Facing Fiscal Armageddon- US Dollar in Deep Trouble
When a president tells you the economy's OK and wannabe presidents tell you it's a disaster ... or when Wall Street pundits change their story almost daily ... I can understand how it may be tough to know what to believe ... and even tougher to decide what to do.
But when three respected government agencies put out reports and data that unanimously lead to the same conclusion about the most important factor in your financial future, there's no room for disbelief, no excuse for inaction.
That's precisely the situation we have today:
Three non-political, fact-based government reports point to a single outcome: A long-term decline in the U.S. dollar.
This is not to say the dollar will fall in a straight line. Quite the contrary, as Jack Crooks has correctly pointed out, dollar rallies are inevitable and some may not be trivial. But the big picture for the dollar is clear: Down.
My Two Committments
I'm committed to doing everything in my power to help support the U.S. dollar. And in the interim, I'm equally committed to helping you protect yourself from the consequences of its decline.
That's why I'm Chairman of the Sound Dollar Committee, a nonprofit, non-partisan organization that was instrumental in helping President Dwight D. Eisenhower balance the federal budget in 1959, the last truly balanced budget in American history.
That's why I've been warning you so persistently about the fundamental threats to the U.S. dollar today.
And that's why, right now, I want to lead you on a step-by-step tour of the three government reports. They unlock the key to our future as a nation. Plus, they provide some revealing secrets for your success as an investor.
Report #1
GAO Predicts U.S. Government Faces Fiscal Armageddon
The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) — the auditing arm of the U.S. Congress — warns that the nation's deficits and debts are now so overwhelming, America may face fiscal Armageddon.
Unfortunately, the warning has fallen on deaf ears — so much so that long-time GAO head David M. Walker has recently resigned, hoping they can get their message out more effectively on their own. Their main points:
1. The federal deficit is not something that comes and goes. It's built in. It's very large. And its growth trajectory takes America on a veritable collision course with bankruptcy! According to the GAO, unless radical fiscal reform is instituted quickly, the U.S. federal deficit could reach 20% of GDP , or five times greater than the worst level of this century.
2. State and local deficits are on a similar path. Thus, any efforts to shift some of the fiscal burden from federal to local governments will be futile.
3. This astronomical — and potentially devastating — growth in our debt has little to do with the ups and downs in the economy and has everything to do with locked-in, predictable aging of our population.
For years, we've heard warnings about baby boomers retiring, collecting benefits and becoming a drain on the economy. And for years, no one seemed to care; it was too distant in time. But now the day of reckoning is here as the first baby boomers started collecting Social Security benefits late last year.
So from this point onward, the bill is starting to come due: Nearly 80 million Americans becoming eligible for Social Security retirement benefits over the next two decades — an average of more than 10,000 per day. But ...
4. The burden of the government's future obligations for Social Security pales in comparison to the burden for Medicare. In fact, the government's future obligations for Medicare Part D alone exceed all of the unfunded obligations for Social Security.
5. Even if the economy could somehow grow much faster, it would not be enough to solve the problem. For that, you'd have to see our GDP expand at 10% or more every year for the next 75 years!
6. If corrective action is not taken now, then later, when deficits get out of hand, the only way to close the gap will be to cut federal spending by 60% or double all taxes — fiscal shocks that would crush the U.S. economy and depress it for decades.
7. Overall, the federal government's fiscal burden — including expected Social Security, Medicare and other liabilities — totals $50.5 trillion, or $400,000 for every full-time worker in America.
For The U.S. Dollar, These Huge and Growing Burdens Are a Perpetual Deadweight
The deficits and debts help explain ...
Why the U.S. economy lags behind the economies of Europe, Asia and Latin America when it's expanding ... and is likely to sink faster when it's contracting ...
Why the Fed is forced to continually inject more devalued money into the economy, and ...
How — recession or no recession, Fed or no Fed — the obvious absence of fiscal discipline translates into long-term deterioration in the U.S. dollar.
Report #2
$48.8 Trillion in Credit Market Debts
Most people think that, with such large federal deficits year after year, the U.S. Treasury would have accumulated the largest debt of any sector.
Yes, they are big. But they're not the largest.
According to the Fed's latest Flow of Funds report tabulating all U.S. credit market debts at year-end 2007 ...
Corporate debts are more than double the size of the Treasury's ($10.7 trillion vs. $5.1 trillion).
Mortgage debts are even larger — $14.6 trillion.
And the grand total, including all debt categories, is $48.8 trillion — or more than triple America's entire GDP.
As a whole, these debts are also a huge, long-term burden on the dollar for three fundamental reasons:
1. These $48.8 trillion in credit market debts are a continuing drag on the U.S. economy, especially when many of them start to go bad, as they are doing now ...
2. These debts are another major excuse for the Fed to pump in cheap money to ease the burden, and ...
3. These debts are also a strong incentive for politicians to simply let the dollar fall in value, helping the government and other debtors repay their debts with cheaper money.
But the $48.8 trillion debt reported in the Federal Reserve's Flow of Funds report is merely the tip of the iceberg. It does not include the contingent obligations of the U.S. government, which I told you about under Report #1. Nor does it include the massive amounts tied up in derivatives, the subject of the next government report ...
Report #3
OCC: The Notional Value of U.S. Derivatives is Now $164.2 Trillion!
Derivatives are, in essence, another form of debt.
But based on the conclusions of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), it's safe to say that they are far riskier than ordinary debts. Here's why:
1. The OCC's data makes it abundantly clear that the amounts involved are excessive and that they've mushroomed at an alarming pace in recent years.
Just 12 years ago, the total notional value of derivatives held by U.S. commercial banks was $16.8 trillion, and we thought that was a lot. At year-end 2007, it was $164.2 trillion, nearly ten times larger.
2. The credit risks associated with derivatives have also grown by leaps and bounds. In the last year alone, they're up by a whopping 67%.
3. Nearly all of the derivatives are traded "over the counter" — outside the purview of established exchanges. For the most part, it's a regulatory no-man's land.
4. For the longest time, we have warned that big losses in derivatives could strike U.S. banks. And sure enough, for the first time in history, that's precisely what has happened: In the fourth quarter of 2007, U.S. banks lost a whopping $9.97 billion in derivatives, proving how risky they really are.
5. These risks are heavily concentrated among just five major banks that account for 97% of all derivatives held in the U.S. banking system, and 87% of the credit exposure.
6. Among four of these five banks, the credit exposure from derivatives is greater than their capital. And among two of the five — JPMorgan Chase and HSBC — the exposure is over four times their capital (see table).
And again, we see a negative long-term impact on the dollar:
The derivatives crisis is aggravating the housing bust and the recession.
The recession, in turn, is bound to depress the dollar.
And as the Fed fights back with more injections of cheap money into the banking system, the long-term impact on the dollar is to drive it still lower.
My Recommendations
First, look to use a strong dollar rally as your window to diversify out of the dollar into the world's strongest currencies.
They're not risk free. So we don't recommend rushing out and buying them in large amounts immediately. Nor do we advocate selling all your dollars or dollar investments. But if the dollar rallies, it will be a good time to buy some protection — using ETFs dedicated to currencies like FXA (Australian dollar) and FXY (Japanese yen).
Second, the next rally in the dollar will be your opportunity to add to other contra-dollar assets like gold (using ETFs like GLD) as well as key commodities.
Above all, stick with the strategies we recommended in our issues. Despite any ups and downs, no matter how sharp, the big-picture direction of the markets is clearer than ever.
Good luck and God bless!
Martin
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets . Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market, including tips and advice on investing in gold, energy and oil. Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing, interest rates, financial safety and economic forecasting. To view archives or subscribe, visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com .
Money and Markets Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication.
ANY given episode of a television medical drama is likely to feature a patient going into cardiac arrest. As the victim thrashes around, a telegenic doctor summons a posse of helpers, who start zapping the patient, compressing their chest or administering adrenalin jabs until the heart starts ticking again.
On TV these efforts almost always succeed, spectacularly and immediately. The real world, sadly, is crueller: doctors manage to restart only about half of the hearts that stop in a hospital, and only about a sixth of patients will go on to survive long enough to be discharged. One of the toughest decisions faced by hospital staff is how long to keep trying, and when to give up on a particular patient as a lost cause.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
A new paper, published in the Lancet, aims to provide some scientific backing for such decisions. A team of researchers led by Brahmajee Nallamothu at the University of Michigan looked at data from more than 64,000 patients who had suffered cardiac arrests in 435 American hospitals between 2000 and 2008. There are no official guidelines specifying how long doctors should keep trying to resuscitate flatlining hospital patients. As a result, the authors wondered whether the amount of time spent attempting resuscitation might vary from hospital to hospital. Sure enough, it did. The median resuscitation attempts in patients who eventually died lasted 16 minutes for the bottom quarter of hospitals; for the top quarter it was 25 minutes.
That matters, for the researchers also found that a greater willingness to persist correlated with better survival chances for patients. Circulation was restored in 45.3% of patients in the bottom quarter of hospitals; 14.5% survived long enough to be discharged. For the top quarter, the figures were 50.7% and 16.2% respectively, a boost of 12% in both cases.
One reason why doctors are reluctant to spend too long attempting to revive patients is that they worry about brain damage caused by prolonged lack of oxygen. But the study found that, after adjusting for factors such as age and general health, patients from hospitals more willing to try long resuscitations showed no greater risk of brain damage.
Such a big discrepancy in a fairly common procedure may look odd—if all hospitals performed as well as the best, thousands of lives a year might be saved. But plenty of medicine has only a thin base in scientifically reviewed evidence, meaning that the opinions, judgments and prejudices of individual doctors often determine how treatment is given.
A difficulty is that medical decisions are complicated. A doctor considering whether to continue with chest compressions, for instance, must weigh any number of factors, from the patient's age to other conditions they may be suffering from or the effects of drugs used to treat them. The presence of so many confounding factors makes it hard to assess the general effectiveness of any given treatment—unless, like Dr Nallamothu and their colleagues, you have access to a great deal of data.
As with any piece of scientific research, there are caveats. Dr Nallamothu points out that the study could simply be picking up an effect of better hospitals, with a willingness to persist with resuscitation a consequence of better technology or better-trained doctors, neither of which can be detected by the study. And the tricky clinical particulars of any given resuscitation mean that the paper cannot give rise to hard-and-fast rules about exactly how long doctors should persist. But it does suggest that plenty of lives might be saved if medics are willing to keep trying for a little bit longer.
The recent seizure of the Quneitra border crossing by Islamist extremists fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces marked a major escalation in the impact Syria's civil war has had on Israel. Fighters from the Nusra Front, al Qaeda's branch in Syria, expelled Assad's forces from the area and abducted 43 United Nations peacekeepers in the process. That brought the Islamist extremists within yards of Israeli positions, forcing Israel to close their side of Quneitra crossing and order farmers off agricultural land on the border.
Evidence of heavy fighting between the Nusra Front and Syrian forces could be seen by DW from near the United Nations base in the demilitarized zone on the Golan Heights. Thunderous explosions reverberated across the farmland as DW visited the Syrian-Israeli border just half a kilometer from Quneitra Gate, followed by the sound of machine-gun fire. The explosions rocked Quneitra's old town.
Israelis have decided that Assad is the preferable devil, said Marom
"It's in the Israeli interests that Assad control the Quneitra Gate again," said Kobi Marom a reserve in the Israel army and research associate at the International Institute for Counter-Terrorism in Herzliya. "If you look at the polls today, Israelis prefer Assad when you see the threat of the Islamic radical groups."
Joining forces
Marom said the fighting between Assad's forces and the Islamists would escalate over the next five days. They predicted Assad, with the help of elite Hezbollah fighters from Lebanon, would re-capture the Quneitra crossing on the Syrian side.
"The [Islamic State] attacks across Iraq and Syria have changed the way that all the players in this game look at the situation - including the international community," they added.
Israel has hinted it is coordinating directly with Assad's forces but has avoided saying it outright. Marom suggested Israel had been working with the Syrian regime to coordinate air strikes on Quneitra.
But as the fighting has escalated, Israel on Thursday also fired at a Syrian army position, sending a clear warning that accidental fire from Syria into Israel would not be tolerated.
Israel prepares to accept Syrian refugees
The local mayor says they have been told to expect refugees
Until now Israel has largely refused to accept any Syrians displaced by the civil war, and neighboring countries Lebanon, Syria, and Turkey have shouldered the burden of taking in the now three million refugees. But Israel has treated a small number of Syrians in its hospitals, sending them back to Syria as soon as they have regained their health.
But there are indications that that policy could change. Doulan Abu Saleh, mayor of Majdal Shams, home to 20,000 Syrian Druzes and the largest Druze town in Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, told DW that Israeli army officials had ordered them to begin preparing for the arrival of Syrian Druze refugees. The first refugees are expected to come from Syrian border communities such as Hadar, which lies right on the UN buffer zone just outside the occupied areas of the Golan Heights, they said.x
Life has become increasingly dangerous for the predominantly Druze community living under rebel control, and Hadar-based Druze have taken up arms to defend themselves against the Nusra Front.
"Sometimes we speak with our relatives on the other side of Syria and we hear that they're under pressure and there were some casualties among our Druze brothers in Syria," said Abu Saleh.
Re-ordered relations
The number of Syrians displaced from the Golan Heights is estimated to be as high as 400,000, according to Crystal Plotner, a legal advocacy researcher for Al-Marsad, a human rights center in the Golan Heights. "By accepting Syrian refugees, Israel has a window of opportunity to set the stage for better relations with its beleaguered yet influential neighbor," they told Reuters news agency.
The Golan Heights region has been relatively stable until recently
The situation is changing rapidly along the border, said Avi Melamed, a strategic intelligence analyst at the Eisenhower Institute at Gettysburg College and former Israeli intelligence official, told DW. "It is amazing how much Israel has remained intact when you see the huge influx of refugees into neighboring countries. It is a miracle Israel, as of now, has been left intact. That could change tomorrow morning," they said.
Melamed said Assad had supported communities on the Israeli side is known to have come to the aid of Syrian minority groups, such as Christians, Kurds, and Druze.
In the past residents from Majdal Shams have travelled through Quneitra Gate to Syria. They were mostly students from families on the occupied-Israel side who travelled to Damascus to study. Melamed said Israel considers Assad "the best of the devils."
Israel captured the Golan Heights 1967 and later annexed the area, a move that has never been internationally recognized. Israel signed a ceasefire agreement with Syria in 1974, which UN monitors have helped to enforce since then. The area has remained tense but generally stable.
For a number of years I've been asking:
If the cost of memory safety bugs in C/C++ codes is significant, and if solutions are available, why aren't we using them in production systems?
Here's a previous blog post on the subject and a quick summary of the possible answers to my question:
The cost of enforcement-related slowdowns is greater than the cost of vulnerabilities.
The cost due to slowdown is not greater than the cost of vulnerabilities, but people act like it is because the performance costs are up-front whereas security costs are down the road.
Memory safety tools are not ready for prime time for other reasons, like maybe they crash a lot or raise false alarms.
Plain old inertia: unsafety was good enough 40 years ago and it's good enough now.
I'm returning to this topic for two reasons. First, there's a new paper SoK: Eternal War in Memory that provides a useful survey and analysis of current methods for avoiding memory safety bugs in legacy C/C++ code. (I'm probably being dense but can someone explain what “SoK” in the title refers to? In any case I like the core war allusion.)
When I say “memory safety” I'm referring to relatively comprehensive strategies for trapping the subset of undefined behaviors in C/C++ that are violations of the memory model and that frequently lead to RAM corruption (I say “relatively comprehensive” since even the strongest enforcement has holes, for example due to inline assembly or libraries that can't be recompiled). The paper, on the other hand, is about a broader collection of solutions to memory safety problems including weak ones like ASLR, stack canaries, and NX bits that catch small but useful subsets of memory safety errors with very low overhead.
The SoK paper does two things. First, it analyzes the different pathways that begin with an untrapped undefined behavior and end with an exploit. This analysis is useful because it helps us understand the situations in which each kind of protection is helpful. Second, the paper evaluates a collection of modern protection schemes along the following axes:
protection: what policy is enforced, and how effective is it at stopping memory-based attacks?
cost: what is the resource cost in terms of slowdown and memory usage?
compatibility: does the source code need to be changed? does it need to be recompiled? can protect and unprotected code interact freely?
As we might expect, stronger protection generally entails higher overhead and more severe compatibility problems.
The second reason for this post is that I've reached the conclusion that 30 years of research on memory safe C/C++ should be enough. It's time to suck it up, take the best available memory safety solution, and just turn it on by default for a major open-source OS distribution such as Ubuntu. For those of us whose single-user machines are quad-core with 16 GB of RAM, the added resource usage is not going to make a difference. I promise to be an early adopter. People running servers might want to turn off safety for the more performance-critical parts of their workloads (though of course these might be where safety is most important). Netbook and Raspberry Pi users probably need to opt out of safety for now.
If the safe-by-default experiment succeeded, we would have (for the first time) a substantial user base for memory-safe C/C++. There would then be an excellent secondary payoff in research aimed at reducing the cost of safety, increasing the strength of the safety guarantees, and dealing with safety exceptions in interesting ways. My guess is that progress would be rapid. If the experiment failed, the new OS would fail to gain users and the vendor would have to back off to the unsafe baseline.
Please nobody leaves a comment suggesting that it would be better to just stop using C/C++ instead of making them safe.
Our development team has written an ARK Improvement Proposal for core protocol upgrades. We would like to get feedback from delegates and the ARK community before any changes are implemented.
While we review community feedback on this AIP and adjust accordingly, we are going to push the “fixed fee reduction” as we promised on DevNet for quick initial testing next week. As soon as we are satisfied with the new fees and tests on DevNet,it will be pushed to MainNet. It will be a simple upgrade for all registered delegates running a node.
LINK TO AIP : https://github.com/ArkEcosystem/AIPs/blob/master/AIPS/aip-11.md
How will we handle all of this?
AIP for new protocol upgrade released (click). Fixed fee reduction. Push code to DevNet nodes next week. Receive and review community input on AIP. Push reduced fee update to MainNet after DevNet tests. Begin coding on new protocol changes. Release new beta protocol changes to DevNet for testing. Test and re-test and re-re-test and re-re-re-test protocol upgrades thoroughly. Did we mention we will re-re-re-re-test protocol at some point? Upgrade MainNet with new protocol changes.
What will the changes bring?
For most users, the experience won't change much. The network will be more responsive and transactions will no longer be refused if your computer clock is not synchronized. However a couple of more options will be possible, in order to create a more secure experience:
Transactions can expire, meaning that if for some reason (internet connectivity, fees too low, third party retention…) your transaction has not entered the blockchain, somebody won't be able to replay it at a later date. To use the TX expiration feature you will need a client which has its clock synchronized.
Delegates will be able to set a constant to determine the fees for their active delegate. Some automatic tools will be proposed to easily determine the fees, but you will be able to make your own if needed.
More services will be supported. Above all, this upgrade is needed for POSA payments using your Ledger key.
Leave your comments or suggestions for protocol improvements before we start implementing them here: https://github.com/ArkEcosystem/AIPs/issues/11
From that brisk pop to fuel your morning exercise routine to those perfect romantic ballads that set the mood for a great date night, Google Play Music knows just how important it is to have the right soundtrack for every moment of your life.
To help you find the best music for any moment, today, we're launching subscription services in Google Play Music India — a fresh take on music streaming that is smarter and easier to use.
Listen to music in a number of different languages, from Hindi to English, Tamil to Malayalam or Kannada. Upload up to 50,000 of your own songs, and access them from any device with your Google Account. Or try a subscription to unlock everything: offline listening and on-demand access to our full catalogue of over 40 million local and international hits. Sign up now and get a free trial on Android , iOS or the web .
MUSIC THAT GETS YOU
To provide rich music recommendations based on Google's understanding of your world, we've plugged into the contextual tools that power Google products. To deliver that, Google Play Music uses machine learning to figure out what music you like and then mixes in signals like location, activity, and the weather along with hand-picked playlists to personalize music for wherever you are and whenever you want tunes. When you opt in, we'll deliver personalized music based on why you are listening — relaxing at home, powering through at work, exploring new cities, and everything in between. Your workout music is front and center as you walk into the gym, a sunset soundtrack appears just as the sky goes pink, and tunes for focusing turn up at the library.
BOLLYWOOD OLDIES AND NEW FAVOURITES
With a catalogue of over 40 million local and international hits, Google Play Music lets you find music by language or by your favourite Bollywood actores and music directors, and even lets you watch their videos right in the same app. Google Play Music is your pocket-sized DJ, who pays attention not only to what artists and genres you like from around the world, but also to when you like it, so the music that you care about now is always at the top of your screen.
PLAYLISTS ON THE GO
Google Play Music lets you stream music using minimal data on mobile. No connection? No problem. When you subscribe, you can enjoy offline listening, and be prepped with an offline playlist based on what you've listened to recently, even if you forgot to download them ahead of time.
Enjoy a discounted subscription offer of 89 INR per month if you sign up within the first 45 days.
This Is Beyond the Labyrinth's Mysterious Girl Character
By Ishaan . April 28, 2011 . 12:01am
Last night, Famitsu magazine revealed Beyond the Labyrinth, a dungeon RPG being developed by Tri-Ace for the Nintendo 3DS. Today, we have screenshots of the game via Famitsu's website, but that's about all we have.
Famitsu provide the game's main visual (on the right) with an image of a female character that is apparently very talkative. This young lady may or may not be the game's protagonist, they say. As reported yesterday, Beyond the Labyrinth is being directed by the director of Resonance of Fate and Valkyrie Profile 2, Takayuki Suguro.
While Beyond the Labyrinth is described as a dungeon RPG, we still don't how the game will play. The screenshots below don't tell you a thing, other than that there's a girl and there's a labyrinth. You can head over to Famitsu to check out more screens.
Everyone wishes they had a 3D printer. It's a relatively new field that's beginning to see mainstream appeal. To help push 3D printing, Microsoft has released an app for Windows 8 that will let you manage your prints. Makerbot also pushed out some driver updates for Windows 8.1. One way or another, today's a good day if you're into 3D printing on Windows 8.
Microsoft just released a new Windows 8 app called 3D Builder. Bad news first, it won't work on ARM based devices like the Surface 2. Instead its current system requirements list x86/x64 processors as needed. That said, it seems like a pretty solid app for viewing, preparing and printing your 3D models. It should work with any 3D printer that is Windows 8.1 ready. For example, a certain popular printer that's sold in select Microsoft Stores –the Makerbot Replicator 2. Which today just received a new set of drivers to work on Windows 8.1. So if you're already rocking one of those, be sure to pick up the latest drivers.
An illustration of a near-Earth object, or NEO, passing by Earth. NASA
Early Monday morning, while people on the East Coast were making coffee, dropping kids off at school, and cursing in traffic, a space rock as big as a 10-story building slipped past Earth.
The asteroid, dubbed 2017 AG13, was discovered on Saturday by the University of Arizona's Catalina Sky Survey, according to an email from Slooh, a company that broadcasts live views of space.
It's between 50 and 111 feet (15 to 34 meters) long, and when it swung by Earth, 2017 AG13 was moving at 9.9 miles per second (16 kilometers per second). The near-Earth object, or NEO, came within about half the distance between the moon and Earth, according to Slooh.
"This is moving very quickly, very nearby to us," Eric Edelman, an astronomer with Slooh, said during a live broadcast of the flyby at 7:47 a.m. ET on January 9. "It actually crosses the orbits of two planets, Venus and Earth."
A near miss
The trail of the asteroid that exploded over Chelyabinsk, Russia, on February 15, 2013. Flickr/Alex Alishevskikh
What would have happened if the asteroid had plowed into our atmosphere?
According to an asteroid-impact simulator called "Impact Earth!" by Purdue University, not as bad as it might sound.
Had a porous rock asteroid 111 feet long hit Earth at a 45-degree angle, one simulation showed, it would have exploded as an air burst. The blast would have released about 700 kilotons' worth of energy — dozens of times as powerful as the atomic bomb detonated over Hiroshima.
But since it would have occurred from a distance of about 10 miles from the Earth's surface, it probably wouldn't have had much effect on the ground; if anything, a high-altitude boom may have sounded as loud as heavy traffic.
Courtesy Slooh
Such strikes occur about once every 150 years, according to Purdue's simulator.
However, according to Slooh, 2017 AG13 was "roughly the same size as the asteroid that struck Chelyabinsk, Russia, in 2013," so the on-the-ground effects — including shattered windows and slightly damaged buildings — may have been similar.
"It is not that uncommon of an event, which is one of the reasons it is interesting," Mark Sykes, director and CEO of the Planetary Science Institute, told Business Insider in an email.
In fact, about 38 more "close approaches" of asteroids like 2017 AG13's are expected in January alone, according to NASA's Near Earth Object Program.
Hunting for NEOs
An artist's concept of the NEOCam asteroid-hunting mission. NASA/JPL-Caltech
Sykes is one of the scientists behind a proposed asteroid-hunting space telescope called the Near-Earth Objects Camera, or NEOCam.
"NEOCam would detect some of these small asteroids, but because they are small they would have to be closer to be seen," Sykes said.
The NEOCam telescope is designed to detect larger (yet still relatively small) space rocks of roughly 460 feet or greater. If NEOCam ever launches, a 10-year-long mission would be expected to discover 10 times as many known NEOs of that size or bigger in any previous survey of the sky.
Such objects pose a dire risk to humanity since they can release many times as much energy as a thermonuclear bomb if they strike our planet — and yet we're mostly blind to them as Earth drifts through a shooting gallery.
Yet last week, NASA chose for the second time not to fully fund NEOCam.
The space agency instead chose two other missions for future launch: Lucy, which will explore swarms of asteroids in Jupiter's orbit, and Psyche, which will fly out to and investigate the giant metallic core of a dead protoplanet.
While NASA said it intends to give NEOCam partial funding for another year, the space agency couldn't tell Business Insider how much or under what conditions, nor what its long-term plans are for the mission.
So for now, NEOCam's future — and our ability to find these unseen threats — remains uncertain.
Wayne Rooney has decided to quit Manchester United after accepting that their Old Trafford career is coming to an end.
United's record goalscorer is unhappy with a reduced role under Jose Mourinho and has told friends they are leaving after nearly 13 years at the club.  They are determined to go on their own terms.
A source told Sportsmail: ‘The writing is on the wall for Wayne. They can see what's happening. He's playing less and believes they still have a lot to give. They won't want to continue here like this.'
Wayne Rooney will quit Man United after accepting their time at the club is coming to an end
The Red Devils skipper is unhappy with their reduced role at Old Trafford under Jose Mourinho
The United captain has a £35million-a-year offer on the table to play in China, where the transfer window closes next Tuesday.
Mourinho refused to offer any guarantees that Rooney will stay, saying: ‘Of course I can't guarantee. I cannot guarantee that I'm here next week, how can I guarantee that a player is here next season?
‘What I can guarantee is that if one day Wayne leaves the club it is not because I want them to leave.
‘I would never push a legend of this club to another destiny. You have to ask them if they see themselves staying in the club for the rest of their career or sees themselves moving.
‘It is not a question for me because I am happy to have him. I was very open with you in the answer. I don't want them to leave.'
Rooney has a £35m offer from China while their is interest from MLS and former club Everton
Ashley Young shares a joke with Rooney as the Red Devils prepared for their Saint-Etienne test
Sources close to Rooney insist it is unlikely that they will move to China before next week's deadline.
They also have interest from Major League Soccer in America, while Everton are keen to re-sign them but their £230,000-a-week basic wage is prohibitive.
Rooney has been marginalised as Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial contest the United forward roles. They have not started a Premier League game since December 17. Despite having 18 months left on their contract, with the option of a 12-month extension, Rooney accepts that it is time to leave.
And with United hoping to sign Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid in the summer, a parting of the ways appears to be in the best interests of player and club.
They missed the last two games with an unspecified illness and what was vaguely described as a muscle injury. They trained with the squad at Carrington on Tuesday for the first time in a week, but did not travel with their team-mates for Wednesday's Europa League round-of-32 tie.
West Ham are looking for a new manager after the departure of Sam Allardyce
West Ham United have qualified for next season's Europa League after topping the Premier League Fair Play table.
The Hammers will be one of 104 teams in the first qualifying round, which begins on 2 July, and must win through four rounds to reach the group stage.
Joint-chairpeople David Sullivan and David Gold said: "Starting in early July will bring its challenges.
"But everyone at the club will be relishing the opportunity to feature on the European stage."
Does the Europa League damage a season? Former Everton captain Phil Neville: "The first couple, you're fine but it's the third, fourth, fifth game in the group stage that hits you hard." Click here to read more
Next season will be West Ham's last at the Boleyn Ground before moving across East London to the Olympic Stadium in time for the 2016-17 season.
Sullivan and Gold added: "We want to ensure the Boleyn Ground the best send-off possible, and progress in this competition will certainly help with that."
The club is looking for a new manager after Sam Allardyce left following their final match of the season on Sunday.
Tottenham Hotspur, Liverpool and either Southampton or Aston Villa - depending on the outcome of Saturday's FA Cup final - will be the other English representatives in European club football's second-tier competition.
The Latest: Ex-CIA head says they warned Russia about meddling
Former CIA Director John Brennan testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, May 23, 2017, before the House Intelligence Committee Russia Investigation Task Force. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on investigations into Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. election (all times local):
4:30 a.m.
Former CIA Director John Brennan has told Congress they were so concerned about Russian contacts with people involved in Donald Trump's campaign that they convened top counterintelligence officials to focus on them. They say they personally warned Russia last summer against interfering in the U.S. presidential election.
Meanwhile, a Senate committee has issued two additional subpoenas to businesses of ousted Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, one of several key figures in the Russia-Trump campaign probe, and sent a letter to their lawyer questioning their basis for claiming a Fifth Amendment right not to provide documents. The letter also narrows the scope of the documents the panel is seeking.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr says the panel may consider a contempt-of-Congress charge if there is no response from Flynn.
___
6:20 p.m.
The Senate intelligence committee is seeking a narrower batch of documents and information from former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn than the panel initially sought in a subpoena.
That's according to the committee's Republican chairperson, Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina. Burr says the committee is “very specific” about what it's asking in an attempt to pressure Flynn to turn over documents.
Flynn's attorneys had argued the request was too broad, saying if they complied, they would effectively be providing testimony that could be used against him. They made the argument Monday when Flynn invoked their Fifth Amendment protection and declined to cooperate with a May 10 subpoena.
That document had asked them to provide a wide array of records regarding their contacts with Russians and Russian business interests.
___
4:55 p.m.
The Senate intelligence committee says it will subpoena two of former national security adviser Michael Flynn's businesses.
The committee has already subpoenaed Flynn for documents regarding their contacts with Russian officials during the 2016 presidential campaign. Flynn has refused to hand over that information.
The committee also sent a letter to Flynn's attorney Tuesday questioning the legal basis of Flynn's decision to invoke their Fifth Amendment right over a request for documents rather than testimony.
Committee Chairman Richard Burr says senators will wait for Flynn's response to Tuesday's requests before they decide the next course of action, including the possibility of a contempt of Congress citation.
The committee is investigating Russia's campaign meddling and possible ties to President Donald Trump's associates.
__
4:20 p.m.
Former CIA Director John Brennan says they can't say whether there was collusion during the U.S. presidential election between Russia and Donald Trump's campaign, but they knew there was reason to have investigators “pull those threads.”
Brennan was President Barack Obama's CIA director. They told Congress Tuesday they personally warned Russia last summer against interfering in the election and was so concerned about Russian contacts with people involved in the Trump campaign that they convened top counterintelligence officials to focus on them.
The FBI and congressional committees are investigating such contacts.
President Trump has predicted the investigations won't find collusion, but their efforts to cast doubt and curb the probes have led to the appointment of a special counsel at the Justice Department.
___
12:10 p.m.
Former CIA Director John Brennan says they think Russia cooperates with WikiLeaks through middlemen.
Brennan told the House intelligence committee on Tuesday that Russia has used intermediaries to work with the WikiLeaks anti-secrecy group. The website released material hacked from email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign officials during last year's presidential campaign.
They say that if someone tracks WikiLeaks' releases over time, it's clear that they are often timed to coincide with certain events or to undermine national security.
Brennan says that Russian protests that they are not working with WikiLeaks and WikiLeaks protests that they are not working with the Russians are both “disingenuous.”
___
11:47 a.m.
John Brennan says that when they were CIA director they shared classified information with Russia and other nations about threats related to terrorism.
But Brennan told the House intelligence committee on Tuesday that President Donald Trump would have violated protocol if they shared such information with Russian officials in the Oval Office spontaneously.
Brennan says such classified information typically shared through intelligence channels, not visiting diplomats.
They also say that before sharing such classified intelligence with foreign partners, the U.S. would go back to the intelligence partner that provided the information to make sure what was shared would not compromise operatives.
___
11:20 a.m.
A group of Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee has voted against confirming a high-ranking Treasury Department official. They're protesting what they say is Trump administration's slow cooperation on the Russia investigations.
Sens. Sherrod Brown, Mark Warner, Elizabeth Warren and several others have voted against Sigal Mandelker as undersecretary for terrorism and financial crimes. Brown and Warner praised Mandelker, but say they're frustrated with Treasury's slowness to turn over documents relating to questionable financial transfers and money laundering.
The protest votes will not change the course of Mandelker's nomination. The full committee voted 16-7 to move Trump's pick to the full Senate.
___
10:50 a.m.
Former CIA Director John Brennan says Russia has a history of trying to “suborn individuals” and they worried last summer about the number of contacts Russian officials were having with Americans.
Brennan was testifying Tuesday before the House intelligence committee about Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
They say that last summer they were increasingly concerned that Russian officials were perhaps trying to enlist the cooperation of people in the Trump campaign. Brennan says the contacts raised questions about whether Russia was trying to gain the cooperation of those individuals.
They say they don't know if any collusion occurred between Russia and the Trump campaign.
___
10:35 a.m.
Former CIA Director John Brennan says they warned Russia against meddling in the presidential election during a call to the head of the Russian intelligence service on Aug. 4.
Brennan told the House intelligence committee on Tuesday that they were the first U.S. official to call out the Russians for their activities. Brennan says they told the head of the FSB that if Russia continued to interfere, it would backfire and prevent any warming of relations.
They say the Russian intelligence official denied that Russia was meddling, but said they would raise the issue with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
___
10:30 a.m.
The Justice Department says Robert Mueller's work at a law firm that represented relatives and associates of President Donald Trump does not disqualify them from overseeing an FBI investigation into possible ties between Trump's presidential campaign and Russia.
The former FBI director was appointed last week to serve as special counsel overseeing a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference in last year's presidential election.
They left their position at the WilmerHale law firm, whose clients include former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, Trump's daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner.
A Justice Department spokesperson said Tuesday that under professional responsibility rules, Mueller may participate in matters involving their former firm's clients as long as they aren't involved in representing them and has no confidential information about them.
___
10:15 a.m.
The nation's intelligence director says they won't comment on a news report that President Donald Trump asked them to publicly deny any collusion between their campaign and Russia.
Dan Coats is testifying Tuesday before the Senate Armed Services Committee.
They were asked about a Washington Post that said Trump asked Coats and Michael Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, to push back against an FBI investigation that's been examining potential coordination between Moscow and the presidential campaign.
Coats did not deny the report but said they didn't want to characterize or comment any private conversations with the president.
___
3:05 a.m.
Former CIA Director John Brennan is set to testify publicly about the intelligence underpinning the Obama administration's conclusion that Russia interfered in the 2016 election.
Brennan could shed light on concerns about the security risk posed by President Donald Trump's first national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
Brennan's testimony before the House intelligence committee on Tuesday comes one day after Flynn invoked their constitutional right against self-incrimination in response to a subpoena from the Senate intelligence committee.
Both the Senate and the House intelligence committees are investigating Flynn and other Trump campaign associates as part of probes into Russia's election meddling. The FBI is also conducting a counterintelligence investigation into Russia and the Trump campaign.
UPDATE: Tara seems to have removed their Tweets about the delay, we are working to get in contact with them and Endnight games to see what's going on.
UPDATE 2: The store page has been updated to say “coming soon” now, rather than having the actual May 22nd release date listed. So it looks like this delay is confirmed. Still no comment from the developers. For those of you commenting that this is fake, why would we post fake news about this? We know you're excited about the game, and we're just as confused as you are about what's going on. We're doing our job and reporting on it, that's all.
Welp, that's a bummer.
It seems The Forest will miss its May 22nd release date on Early Access according to Tara, whose currently the PR representative for Endnight Games. According to Tara, the development team is not comfortable with releasing the Alpha just yet and have decided to delay it just four days ahead of its release.
@SirRyuu There are some members of the team that are uncomfortable with the current state of the alpha.
— Tara (@Skunkie) May 19, 2014
A new date is being looked at as they hope to release the alpha this month, but that date is not set in stone.
@theforestpc @randomfrankp We're going to be shooting for the 30th. But it is not set firmly. — Tara (@Skunkie) May 19, 2014
We'll keep you updated as this story develops. Be sure to follow OnlySP on Facebook and Twitter to stay up to date with all the latest.
Cary, NC – With Spring upon us, there is not much time left before the best season for stargazing is over. So to make the most of the available time, here are some of the best ways to see the night sky lit up in and around Cary.
Why Not Summer?
The best time to go stargazing is from the end of Autumn to the beginning of Spring, at least where we are on the planet. This is not because the Earth's rotation is giving us any better stars and constellations to look at but it has to do with temperature.
If you have ever been on the highway on a hot day, you will have no doubt seen a shimmering and distortion in the air. That is “heat haze” and when you are stargazing, it can get in the way of your viewing. When the ground is heated up by solar radiation in the Summer or on a particularly hot day, you will see that heat haze and you will not be able to see the night sky as clearly.
So if you are going stargazing, plan to go soon before Summer really hits and also look at the weather forecast. Find some cooler days to choose from, or at least avoid real scorchers.
Thinking About Light Pollution
Even more than heat, the biggest threat to a stargazer is light pollution. Many street lights, business signs and other bright bulbs will cut down on the dark appearance of the sky. This will create difficult conditions to make out any stars or other celestial bodies.
The bad news is that Cary, as fast as we are growing, is in the midst of a lot of electric lights and finding a good spot for stargazing is tough. If you want to find a truly dark sky that is open for stargazing, save for a planetarium or a private observation lounge, the nearest spot is out in Western Pittsboro.
But there are still good spots in Cary. The stretch of Old Apex Road, between the intersections with SW Maynard Road and SW Cary Parkway, is isolated from much of the light pollution in Cary and there is a wide swath around it that is similarly protected.
Locals have also had good luck around some of the area's lakes and parks. Bond Park, Umstead Park and Jordan Lake offer many wide open spaces where you and your friends and family can set up a telescope free from much of the light pollution in the region. Cary's country clubs offer a similar experience but you would need permission to set up there and Jordan Lake remains the best and largest spot nearby.
Groups to Contact
If you are curious about some good places in and around Cary to stargaze, there are some groups to contact. The Raleigh Astronomy Club has a lot of expertise here and even collaborates with some residents who have private observation lounges. The group organizes monthly meetings to watch the phases of the moon, stars, distant planets and more.
Also, if you have not already, Morehead Planetarium is a must for any local space fanatics. Located in Chapel Hill, not only does this center teach about outer space and hold presentations but they are a great resources with news, maps and more.
And before you go out, there are some light pollution maps created by committed fans online. We recommend these two.
Happy hunting!
Story by staff reports. Photos by mikezu, dalliedee and the Bureau of Land Management.
While it is slated for release on the 8th of this month, AMD's Radeon HD 6990 was detailed to sections of the industry. It wasn't long before someone leaked the press deck, revealing all the specifications and AMD performance estimates. The Radeon HD 6990 is a dual-GPU graphics card making use of two AMD Cayman GPUs in internal CrossFire. Cayman is the same GPU that is at the center of Radeon HD 6950 and HD 6970.In the HD 6990, each Cayman is configured to use all 1536 of its VLIW4 stream processors. The GPU core is clocked at 830 MHz, and memory at 1250 MHz (5.00 GHz GDDR5 effective). The 256-bit wide memory interface of each GPU is populated with 2 GB of memory, setting the total board memory to 4 GB. Display IO includes five connectors, including one DVI and four mini-DisplayPort 1.2. While the HD 6990 is said to outperform GeForce GTX 580, AMD is also bracing itself for NVIDIA's dual-GPU GTX 590, with HD 6990 OC variants following an official specification of 880 MHz core, and the same 5.00 GHz memory.Two power two GPUs with over 2.64 billion transistors, you need a lot of power. AMD has engineered its PCB to deliver up to 450W of power. This should give you a rough idea of what the HD 6990 will draw with its PowerTune feature disabled. AMD is known for using high-quality digital PWM components on its high-end reference boards, the trend is kept up with. The HD 6990 uses two 4+2 phase PWM circuitry per GPU. The inductors and PWM chips are hand-picked to offer the least leakage and highest efficiency. The PowerTune technology throttles power to ensure the best energy efficiency. This is both a boon and a bane for enthusiasts.Lastly, the business-end of the presentation. AMD will have relaxed CCC overdrive limits to let you crank up the clock speeds. With a typical max board power of 375W and a PCB designed for 450W, there should be some a decent overclocking headroom. In its comparison with NVIDIA products, AMD used the GeForce GTX 580, the green team's fastest graphics card. When put through batteries of DirectX 9, DirectX 10/10.1, DirectX 11, and OpenGL game tests, AMD claims its HD 6990 to be faster than GTX 580 by 67% average, and up to 110% faster in some cases. The HD 6990 OC variant is claimed to push that a little higher, with up to 8% increase in performance over the HD 6990 reference.
The last time we heard from Envizions, the company was just starting to get its game plan together -- but it looks like the gears are officially in motion on its Linux-based game console. The final specs for the box now seem to be in place, with off-the-shelf components like the Athlon 64x2 5600 CPU (clocked to 2.4GHz), an ATI HD 3200 graphics chipset, 2GB of DDR2 RAM, and a 120GB hard drive filling out what is essentially a standard PC housing. Envizions say that the console will run a modified, quick-boot distro of Fedora called Mirrors (which can be upgraded to a beefier build named Mirrors Evolution X), and will feature a "cloud" service stacked with Amiga (!) games and an Akimbo-based video service. Beyond that, proper titles will be sold online and on SD cards for around $20. Envizions is currently taking pre-orders for the box, and say beta units will be shipped on April 10th. Pricing for those consoles will run between $280-350, while the final retail version can be had for $380, and should be available sometime in June. We have just two words of advice for the fledgling company: get some killer games on there fast, and please, please update your site.
[Via Digg, Linux Devices]
Check out this equation: Dating + Short Men = Uphill Battle. Decoded, this equation refers to the tough time many short men have trying to find a romantic partner because some women won't date someone shorter than they are. The message many women send short men goes something like this: Yeah, sorry, but nothing you could say or do could ever give you a chance with me. But I'm sure you're really nice! Ladies, give these short guys a chance, please!
Why not date a short man?
I haven't conducted a study of my own on the subject, but I can assure you that scores of women of every type will say they simply aren't attracted to short men. If you push them, they will hedge a bit: “I don't know why, I'm just not.” As a psychologist, it's not my job or place to be mean-spirited or hurtfully blunt, but it is my job to tell it like it is in reality. For those of you who insist that you're not attracted to short men, you should, at least, try to have a good reason why you're not. Men and women both fall prey to the (remarkably persistent) myth that sexual attraction works on auto-pilot, as if we are all preprogrammed to be attracted to the ones who captivate our attention. Yet the truth is far less mysterious. The type of person you're attracted to depend largely on your beliefs. I'll share a real-life example. My client, Alexis, comes from the most machismo family I can imagine, full of firefighters, Marines, and gobs of Old Spice. (Okay, maybe not the last one). In Alexis' family, they were the only daughter and the men in their family were brawny and tough.  They are one of my clients who have never dated a short man, and they have no intention to ever date one. They insist, “I'm just not attracted to them.” Alexis is a smart woman, and they are also a nice person, even though their attitudes about short men are actually pretty patronizing and dismissive.
Sexual attraction largely derives from your upbringing.
What's interesting about my client, Alexis, is that they had it wrong when it comes to their attitude about short men. All this time, she'd told themselves that they didn't like short men because they simply aren't sexually attracted to them; in fact, the real reason they aren't attracted to short men was because they had a fixed image in their mind of what a man should look and act like as a result of their upbringing, and they needed the men they seek out romantically to fit the same exact image of the men in their family.
Yes, you can change who you're attracted to!
I spend more hours than you'd believe trying to help men and women change the type of person to whom they're sexually attracted. And it is possible! The first step is to dig deep and ask yourself what in your history makes you attracted to a certain type, as well as what in your history repels you from a certain type. In my work with women, I've found that there are two basic reasons why most women won't date a short man: Some women will feel nervous about being too big, telling themselves they'll look smaller if they're with a bigger guy; others simply want the knight in shining armor, and they need a man to live up to a fantasy image of masculinity and size, telling themselves that a bigger man is also automatically emotionally stronger, too. Don't let this kind of distorted thinking get in the way of meeting someone really great.
Some of the kindest, strongest and most committed men I know are short. They can have a great sense of humor, be the life of the party, or the nurturer who is always taking care of everyone and making sure everyone's okay. While the school and college years are typically defined by conformity and image consciousness, one's adult years – say, one's 20s and 30s – are intended to be periods of growth and individuation. At this point, it's important to focus less on physical characteristics in order to pay more attention to who is going to be a good catch emotionally – and who will last over the long haul.
When my clients start dating someone new, I couldn't care less about what the individual looks like. I want to know the following information: Is they reliable? When they say he'll call, does he? Are they usually on time? Do they have a job that allows them to care of themselves financially? If not, is they working their fingers to the bone looking for one? I also want to know if he's a good listener and if they talk well about their friends or family because they should already have some good, close interpersonal relationships. But as far as how short or tall they are? Come on, we can do better than that. By the way, who's going to care how tall anyone is as you celebrate your 25th anniversary together?
What do you think about the short guy/taller woman issue?
About the Author:
Dr. Seth Meyers has had extensive training in conducting couples therapy and is the author of Dr. Seth's Love Prescription: Overcome Relationship Repetition Syndrome and Find the Love You Deserve.
Not all heroes wear capes. In fact, some wear shiny spandex underwear and don a signature white streak in their hair.
Such was the case with professional wrestler “Sputnik” Monroe, who used civil disobedience and market incentives to desegregate wrestling in the Jim Crow South.
The grand tradition
Professional wrestling is deeply rooted in Southern culture. Before televisions became a commodity that most Americans could afford, people had to find unplugged ways of keeping each other entertained.
For those whose economic situations did not permit weekends spent out at the theater or dining in upscale restaurants, local wrestling was the place to be. Every weekend, auditoriums would transform into wrestling venues with big rings in the center and folding chairs placed around for spectators.
In the days of segregation, these seats were reserved for “white” audience members, while everyone else had to sit in the tiny upper balcony in a section nicknamed “the crow's nest.”
The heel becomes the hero
Before wrestling became the television sensation it is today, every region of the country had its own territory with its own cast of loud characters and dramatic stories.
A wrestler's compensation was directly tied to the popularity of the character they portrayed. If a wrestler wanted to make more money, they had to prove their character could sell tickets and fill seats.
Traditionally, there are two types of wrestling characters: the hero and the heel. For every hero, there is a heel meant to stir up the crowd and boost the hero's image.
Legendary heel Sputnik Monroe decided to make their character a hero to the black community, which was sure to rile up the audience in the heart of the segregated South.
Wrestlers take their character roles seriously. Since many lived among their fans, they were required by their promoters to maintain their character personas at all times. So that is exactly what Monroe did.
After garnering a reputation for hanging around with the black community, an older lady, angered by their disregard for segregation, gave them the name “Sputnik.”
The nickname was intended to be an insult, meant to offend their honor and accuse them of having communist sympathies during the red scare. But rather than getting upset, Monroe adopted the name as their wrestling moniker.
Civil disobedience
Creating a stir in every town they passed through, “Sputnik Monroe” became a legend, drawing huge crowds wherever they went.
In these days, it was customary for wrestlers to drink with their fans after a match ended. Since the majority of Monroe's fans were black, segregation laws forbid them from fraternizing with their admirers, but they did it anyway.
For a six-month period, Monroe spent every night drinking with their fans in bars they aren't legally allowed to patronize. Every few weeks, Monroe was summoned to court and required to pay a fine for breaking Jim Crow Laws.
Holding true to their public image, Monroe made history by hiring black attorney Russell Sugarmon Jr. to defend them in court.
The more Monroe defied segregation laws, the bigger their crowds grew. Soon, it became routine to see thousands of people lined up outside Ellis Auditorium, each waiting for their chance to see Sputnik Monroe in person.
The promoters were not as thrilled about this situation. While they liked the idea of selling more tickets, there was one problem: Monroe's fans were all black, there couldn't possibly be enough room in the “crow's nest” to accommodate the whole crowd. Initially, the promoters refused to accommodate Monroe's fans, but Sputnik Monroe was not going to go down without a fight.
Money > tradition
Monroe could not understand why these men would turn down an opportunity to earn extra money just to satisfy an outdated status quo. They took matters into their own hands and began bribing venue employees to let more of their black fans inside.
This eventually put the ushers in an awkward situation. As the “crow's nest” ran out of space, the ushers had to choose between enforcing segregation laws or disappointing the great Sputnik Monroe by refusing to seat their fans.
Unable to turn down the opportunity to both impress Monroe and earn extra money, the ushers began seating black fans among the white audience members.
When the promoters realized what was happening, they demanded Monroe stop their illegal behavior.
Understanding the value and worth they brought to their promoters, Monroe knew the show could not go on without him. They belligerently reminded their promoters of the crowds they were attracting and the money they were bringing in, and refused to go on unless they agreed to let the black fans sit wherever they wanted.
Monroe recounted this situation by saying:
“There used to be a couple of thousand blacks outside wanting in, so I would tell management I'd be cutting out if they don't let my black friends in. I had the power because I'm selling out the place, the first guy that ever did, and they sure wanted the revenue.”
While Sputnik Monroe always maintained that money was their main motivator behind their actions, they are single-handedly responsible for the desegregation of Ellis Auditorium, making it the first integrated public gathering place in the Jim Crow South.
This article was originally published on FEE.org. Read the original article.
Archaeologists at the University of York are challenging the traditional view that Neanderthal childhood was difficult, short and dangerous.
A research team from PALAEO (Centre for Human Palaeoecology and Evolutionary Origins) and the Department of Archaeology at York offer a new and distinctive perspective which suggests that Neanderthal children experienced strong emotional attachments with their immediate social group, used play to develop skills and played a significant role in their society.
The traditional perception of the toughness of Neanderthal childhood is based largely on biological evidence, but the archaeologists, led by Dr Penny Spikins, also studied cultural and social evidence to explore the experience of Neanderthal children.In research published in the Oxford Journal of Archaeology, they found that Neanderthal childhood experience was subtly different from that of their modern human counterparts in that it had a greater focus on social relationships within their group. Investigation of Neanderthal burials suggests that children played a particularly significant role in their society, particularly in symbolic expression.
The research team, which also included Gail Hitchens, Andy Needham and Holly Rutherford, say there is evidence that Neanderthals cared for their sick and injured children for months and often years. The study of child burials, meanwhile, reveals that the young may have been given particular attention when they died, with generally more elaborate graves than older individuals.Neanderthal groups are believed to have been small and relatively isolated, suggesting important implications for the social and emotional context of childhood. Living in rugged terrain, there will have been little selection pressure on overcoming the tendency to avoid outside groups with a consequent natural emotional focus on close internal connections.
Dr Spikins, who has a new book on why altruism was central to human evolutionary origins, How Compassion Made Us Human, (Pen and Sword) published later this year, said: "The traditional view sees Neanderthal childhood as unusually harsh, difficult and dangerous. This accords with preconceptions about Neanderthal inferiority and an inability to protect children epitomising Neanderthal decline.
"Our research found that a close attachment and particular attention to children is a more plausible interpretation of the archaeological evidence, explaining an unusual focus on infants and children in burial, and setting Neanderthal symbolism within a context which is likely to have included children.
"Interpretations of high activity levels and frequent periods of scarcity form part of the basis for this perceived harsh upbringing. However, such challenges in childhood may not be distinctive from the normal experience of early Palaeolithic human children, or contemporary hunter-gatherers in particularly cold environments. There is a critical distinction to be made between a harsh childhood and a childhood lived in a harsh environment."
UPDATE 1/20/16: “Zootopia” preview comes to the Bug's Life Theater at Disney California Adventure park Friday, Jan. 22.
It's Zoo Year's Eve! To celebrate, we're thrilled to announce that beginning January 21, Guests visiting Disney Parks will be able to catch a preview of scenes from Disney's hysterical comedy-adventure “Zootopia” in sneak peeks planned for Disney California Adventure park and Disney's Hollywood Studios.
At Disney California Adventure park, the “Zootopia” preview will be presented at the Bug's Life Theater with special in-theater effects. Guests at Disney's Hollywood Studios will get to see this advance look at clips from the film as part of the One Man's Dream attraction on Mickey Avenue.
Imagine an entire world populated by animals, living together in habitat neighborhoods like ritzy Sahara Square and frigid Tundratown. This modern mammal metropolis is the setting of “Zootopia,” opening in theaters in 3D March 4.
Zootopia is a melting pot, where no matter what you are, from the biggest elephant to the smallest shrew, you can be anything. But when rookie Officer Judy Hopps (voice of Ginnifer Goodwin) arrives, they discover that being the first bunny on a police force of big, tough animals isn't so easy. Determined to prove herself, they jump at the opportunity to crack a case, even if it means partnering with a fast-talking, con-artist fox, Nick Wilde (voice of Jason Bateman), to solve the mystery.
Here's your first look at the new trailer for “Zootopia” featuring the all-new original song, “Try Everything,” which is written by singer-songwriter Sia and songwriting duo Stargate, and performed by Grammy® winner Shakira.
Walt Disney Animation Studios' “Zootopia,” directed by Byron Howard (“Tangled,” “Bolt”) and Rich Moore (“Wreck-It Ralph,” “The Simpsons”), and produced by Clark Spencer (“Wreck-It Ralph”), opens in theaters on March 4 in 3D.
DALLAS -- Physical play gets ratcheted up come playoff time, but the Anaheim Ducks thought things got a little out of hand with how the Dallas Stars poked, prodded and punched captain Ryan Getzlaf during Game 3 of the teams' first-round series Monday.
Editor's Picks More from ESPN.com Enough chit-chat. It's time for the Stars and Ducks to just shut up and play already, Richard Durrett writes.
Late in the second period, with the Stars up 2-0, there was a scrum behind the net and Stars winger Antoine Roussel flicked Getzlaf's face mask and Getzlaf punched Roussel in the face. Roussel then hit Getzlaf in the face a few times as players from both teams jumped into the fray.
"Well, I mean I think it was pretty obvious out there," Anaheim coach Bruce Boudreau said when asked if the physical play crossed the line. "We've warned the refs about them. It's just something that I guess you do anything to win, but it's not something that I think our team would do. We'll take them and be as physical and be as mean as they want, but obviously they know there's something wrong with their jaw, so they're going after it."
Getzlaf's jaw was injured in Game 1, when they were hit by a Tyler Seguin slap shot near the end of the game.
"You've got to stay as disciplined as you can, but you've got to protect yourself, too," Getzlaf said. "That's part of the game. Obviously, I never expected them to target my face that much, but that's the way it goes I guess."
Stars coach Lindy Ruff seemed surprised by how upset the Ducks were about the physical play.
Emotions are running high in the Ducks-Stars series. AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez
"I don't really know what the Ducks thought, but we tried to play hard," Ruff said. "We tried to play the man. There were a couple of scrums that I'm pretty sure if you watch the scrums our guys got punched in the face a few times in those scrums. When you're getting punched in the face, eventually you are going to punch back. Talk to the team -- playoff hockey is emotional.
"For us, we've got a good skating team and I think we can frustrate [opponents], and part of being physical is you have to get there. I thought our legs were going and I thought there were times they were strong down low and I thought there was a little bit of trade-off in that. I don't think either team really crossed the line. I just thought it was playoff hockey."
Roussel felt things heated up after Getzlaf punched him, catching them a little off guard.
"He's a character guy," Roussel said. "He's such a great player and they get some aggressiveness, some character that they have. They kind of stands up for themselves when it's time, too. I was surprised and not surprised at the same time."
Anaheim leads the best-of-7 series 2-1.
So what's the best way to "deal with it" in Wednesday's Game 4?
"Score goals and win the game," said Getzlaf. "Obviously, we've got to go out and compete harder than they're going to compete within the rules of the game and play hard. It's a tough league. It's tough to win in the playoffs. We know that. We're well aware of what we need to do.
"We need to up our level of our game. We need to compete a little bit harder. Get to that net a little bit harder and create some stuff around their crease so their goalie is not so comfortable. And that involves getting in there, screening, getting second shots."
Harvard Men's Soccer Team Sidelined For Rest Of Season Over Sexist Emails
The Harvard men's soccer team has been suspended for the remainder of the season after the school discovered the team had repeatedly written and circulated vulgar, sexually explicit "scouting reports" about new recruits on the women's team, in a practice that continued up to this year.
"The decision to cancel a season is serious and consequential," Harvard President Drew Faust said in a statement Thursday. They wrote that "both the team's behavior and the failure to be forthcoming when initially questioned are completely unacceptable, have no place at Harvard, and run counter to the mutual respect that is a core value of our community."
Men's soccer coach Pieter Lehrer said the team was "beyond disappointed" to see the season end this way, but would respect the decision.
"Actions have consequences, and character counts," Lehrer said in a statement. "We accept responsibility for our actions, and I know that we will use the experience of this terribly unfortunate situation to be better."
The suspension follows a story by The Harvard Crimson, the university's student newspaper, revealing that in 2012, the soccer team had circulated a "scouting report" on the new first-year student recruits for the women's soccer team.
The document — which appeared to be part of an annual tradition — described the female players in graphic, frequently degrading terms. It ranked their attractiveness with numerical values, assigned them sexual positions, theorized about their sexual behavior and described their physical attributes in terms that were variously crude and insulting.
After that story, Harvard ordered a review of the team's behavior. The review found that the "scouting report" was, indeed, a tradition.
"I understand that this practice appears to be more widespread across the team and has continued beyond 2012, including in 2016, and that current students who participated were not immediately forthcoming about their involvement," Athletics Director Bob Scalise wrote in an email to the student body on Thursday.
They said that "immediate and significant action is absolutely necessary."
The university has "zero tolerance" for such behavior, they wrote, and the team will be forfeiting its remaining games this season and will not participate in the Ivy League championship or the NCAA tournament.
"The decision brings to a sudden halt the season of a team that had a record of 10 wins, three losses and two ties, and was likely to win a championship berth if it won a scheduled Saturday game against Columbia University," Reuters reports.
We'll give the last word on this story to those players from the women's team who were described so graphically in the 2012 document uncovered by the Crimson.
Brooke Dickens, Kelsey Clayperson, Alika Keene, Emily Mosbacher, Lauren Varela and Haley Washburn, the incoming recruits that year, wrote a response to the story that ran in the newspaper a few days later. It read in part:
"We do not pity ourselves. More than anything, we are frustrated that this is a reality that all women have faced in the past and will continue to face throughout their lives. We feel hopeless because men who are supposed to be our brothers degrade us like this. ... "Having considered members of this team our close friends for the past four years, we are beyond hurt to realize these individuals could encourage, silently observe, or participate in this kind of behavior, and for more than four years have neglected to apologize until this week."
The women said they read their classmates' lewd and mocking words in their entirety and were "deeply hurt," but that they hoped this story would catalyze a change in culture. They concluded:
"Finally, to the men of Harvard Soccer and any future men who may lay claim to our bodies and choose to objectify us as sexual objects, in the words of one of us, we say together: 'I can offer you my forgiveness, which is — and forever will be — the only part of me that you can ever claim as yours.' "
The US Government has imposed a $750,000 fine on an Intel subsidiary for exporting encryption to China, Russia, Israel and other countries
Wind River Systems was fined for exporting products that incorporated encryption to foreign governments and to organisations on the US government restricted list. The controversial move means the US Department of Commerce appears to be coming down heavily against the export of encryption even in cases where no export to sworn enemies of the US (Iran, Cuba and North Korea etc.) is involved.
The Intel subsidiary was fined for falling to get Department of Commerce licenses for a modest piece of business, valued at under $3m. As such the fine represents a slap on the wrist, but it's still a clear signal that priorities are changing.
Previously self-reported cases of crypto export used to be handled by a warning only. Multinational commercial law firm Goodwin Procter warned its clients to treat what happened to Wind River as the new normal.
Wind River Systems exported its software to China, Hong Kong, Russia, Israel, South Africa, and South Korea. BIS [Bureau of Industry and Security] significantly mitigated what would have been a much larger fine because the company voluntarily disclosed the violations. We believe this to be the first penalty BIS has ever issued for the unlicensed export of encryption software that did not also involve comprehensively sanctioned countries (e.g., Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria). This suggests a fundamental change in BIS's treatment of violations of the encryption regulations. Historically, BIS has resolved voluntarily disclosed violations of the encryption regulations with a warning letter but no material consequence, and has shown itself unlikely to pursue such violations that were not disclosed. This fine dramatically increases the compliance stakes for software companies — a message that BIS seemed intent upon making in its announcement.
Senior FBI and US government law officers have repeatedly complained over recent weeks about plans by Apple and Google to incorporate enhanced security into smartphones. Now, as Techdirt notes, the conflict between government regulation and the tech industry is moving onto the renal original turf of the first crypto wars of the late 90s - the export of strong encryption.
Strong cryptography was classified as a weapon and subject to export controls back in the 90s. This approach fell into disfavour for several good reasons that are even more relevant today than they were 20 years ago.
Firstly cryptography is essentially applied mathematics and the knowledge is already out there. Secondly decent cryptography is a fundamental component of any computing system that aspires to be secure.
This includes an increasing number of consumer devices with built-in processor chips, covering everything from smart-meters to electronic car locks and insulin pumps. Encryption is one of the best ways to safeguard against these devices getting hacked.
Clamping down on the export of cryptography creates a huge competitive disadvantage for US tech companies trying to offer products and services worldwide. Foreign competitors, most likely from China, will inevitably step in and fill the breach.
If the Snowden revelations hurt US-based cloud providers then what effect is stymying the US tech industry as a whole likely to have? At best the tougher line is an extra bureaucratic burden.‬
In a statement, BIS provided an essentially bureaucratic justification for its enforcement action - Wind River had failed to apply for an export permit.
Wind River Systems "voluntarily disclosed that between 2008 and 2011 the company made 55 exports of operating software valued at $2.9 million to governments and various end users in China, Hong Kong, Russia, Israel, South Africa, and South Korea. The operating software is controlled under Export Administration Regulations for national security reasons, and some of the export recipients in China are on the BIS Entity List."
“I approved penalties in this case because the violations were ongoing over a period of several years,” said assistant secretary of commerce for enforcement, David W. Mills. “Because the violations were voluntarily disclosed, the company received significant mitigation. This penalty should serve as a reminder to companies of their responsibility to know their customers and, when using license exceptions, to ensure their customers are eligible recipients." ®
The makers of Cyanogen OS haven't been shy about their plans for the operating system: CEO Kirt McMaster wants the Android-based operating system to become a full-fledged rival to Google Android itself.
A handful of smartphones including the OnePlus One, Micromax Yu, and upcoming Alcatel OneTouch Hero 2+ ship with Cyanogen OS. But that basically mean they come with a custom version of Android that's fully compatible with Google's software… and which comes with the Google Play Store and other Google apps pre-loaded.
Later this year the first Cyanogen phone without Google's proprietary apps will launch and it will be the biggest test to date of whether Cyanogen OS can truly stand on its own.
Cyanogen Inc announced that it's raised $80 million in new venture capital for a total of $110 million to date. Forbes has a profile of the company that points out this latest round of fundraising values the startup at $1 billion.
Forbes also spoke with a number of sources for the story, including some that suggest that at least some future devices that ship with Cyanogen OS will come with Microsoft Bing and Office apps instead of Google Search and Drive.
Budget phone maker BLU, meanwhile, plans to launch its first Cyanogen OS phone later this year… and it'll be the first such phone to ship without the Play Store, Google Search, Gmail, Google Maps, YouTube, or other key apps from Google.
While Google releases the source code of Android for free, many of the cores apps that make up the Android experience rely on closed-source software including the Play Store and Google Services Framework. Companies that want to build Android phones or tablets have to either agree to Google's conditions to gain access to those apps and services or build their own.
Amazon builds its own… the company's Fire OS software for smartphones, tablets, and TV boxes is based on Android. Fire OS can run Android apps, but you'll need to either get them from the Amazon Appstore or sideload them, because Fire OS doesn't have the Play Store.
A number of Chinese device makers also ship phones and tablets without the Play Store… but they do that in China or other markets where Google's brand (and app store) aren't as strong as in the US and Europe.
So why would a company like Cyanogen want to build an Android-based operating system that doesn't rely on Google apps and services?
McMaster says it allows device makers to customize the experience of their devices in ways that Google wouldn't otherwise allow. Want to feature tight integration between Spotify and the operating system so that you can use a voice command to play a song and have it open in Spotify instead of Google Play Music? You can't do that on a normal Android device.
Some phone makers, wireless carriers, and others want that kind of control over phones — but other attempts to build alternatives to Android have been less than successful. Samsung has invested a lot of time and effort into building the Tizen operating system, but the company doesn't have much to show for it yet. LG is building smart TVs and smartwatches around webOS, but the company is sticking with Android for phones for now.
Whether Cyanogen will be attractive to actual smartphone users rather than makers remains to be seen. The operating system began as a custom version of Android developed by enthusiasts who wanted to be able to customize the look, feel, and performance of their phones by replacing the stock software that came with their hardware. Users can still do that with CyanogenMod, the open source version of Cyanogen's operating system.
Cyanogen OS includes many customization options that you won't find in stock Android software, including a Theme Engine and other user interface tweaks. But it also includes closed-source components and it isn't as open to DIY hackers as CyanogenMod.
So when BLU ships a phone later this year with the Amazon Appstore, Microsoft Bing and Cortana for search and voice assistant, Opera for the web browser, Nokia Here for maps, and Dropbox and OneDrive for cloud storage, it'll be interesting to see whether users are happy with those replacements for the Google Play Store, Maps, Search, Chrome, and Drive.
It'll also be a big test of whether the $1 billion valuation Cyanogen Inc just achieved makes any sense. Currently most of the company's revenue comes from sales of themes through the Google Play Store. But there's potentially more revenue to be made by partnering with app makers that want to integrate with the operating system.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The latest chapter in the ongoing Activision vs. Manuel Noriega lawsuit unfolded this week, as Activision's legal team filed a response to the former Panamanian dictator's opposition, explaining in detail why the publisher believes the lawsuit is "frivolous."
You can read the full response here. The main takeaway is that Activision believes the depiction of Noriega in Call of Duty: Black Ops II is "transformative," meaning that while the game does show Noriega, it does so in a fictional light.
Noriega in Call of Duty: Black Ops II
Because transformative work--if you can prove that it is--is protected free speech, Activision wants the case tossed out. Noriega's interpretation of transformative use is "flatly wrong," Activision said in its October 8 filing. "Noriega barely acknowledges Activision's showing, which establishes that the entire Black Ops II game is transformative of Noriega's name and likeness."
Fighting for Activision is former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, who is now a partner at Bracewell & Giuliani LLP. They will argue as co-counsel alongside Munger, Tolles, & Olson LLP during an October 16 hearing in Los Angeles Superior Court.
"Manuel Noriega had no more than an inconsequential appearance in Call of Duty and isn't entitled to anything for their role as a brutal dictator," Giuliani said in a statement. "If successful, this case would obliterate the entire genre of historical fiction."
Activision also pointed out today that the plotlines for Call of Duty games, just like movies and TV shows, are often inspired by the headlines of history. Call of Duty: Black Ops II also featured well-known people like Fidel Castro and President John F. Kennedy, among others, though in these instances the depiction comes after their death.
Reiterating its point from last month when Activision originally filed a motion to strike the case, the publisher claimed today that a win for Noriega in this case would be devastating for popular media.
"If successful, Noriega's efforts would give numerous historical and political figures--and their heirs--a veto right over their appearances in works of art, having a chilling effect on everything from movies such as Forrest Gump and Zero Dark Thirty, to TV shows such as Saturday Night Live and Boardwalk Empire, to beloved books such as The Paris Wife, just to name a few," Activision said.
As might be expected, the Entertainment Software Association--which represents the video game industry's interests on Capitol Hill--said today that it supports Activision's stance against Noriega.
"This case is an impermissible, unwarranted, and unconstitutional attack on art," the ESA's Rich Taylor said. "Video games enjoy the same liberties as documentaries, biographies, and biopics. The full canon of entertainment is filled with fictionalized accounts of individuals and events and video games continue that long tradition."
For more on the Activision vs. Noriega case, check out GameSpot's previous coverage of the legal battle.
PlayStation Plus North America vs Europe vs Japan vs Xbox Live's Free Games: Where's the Best Value?
Giuseppe Nelva July 6, 2013 11:00:00 AM EST
The Instant Game Collection offered to PlayStation Plus Members is a very compelling offer. So compelling that Even Microsoft had to adjust Xbox Live in order to offer some free games to its subscribers, but not many know that there are large differences in the games offered to PlayStation Plus members living in different regions, and those differences could even be big enough to make some reconsider the region they subscribe to, as becoming a PS Plus member in a different region is not that hard at all.
Let's take the current offer as an example, and let's see what every region gets, comparing the value of each offer to determine a victor in value.
Let us start with the North American PlayStation Plus:
Battlefield 3 $39.99 Saints Row: The Third $39.99 XCOM: Enemy Unknown $39.99 UNCHARTED 3: Drake's Deception $39.99 LittleBigPlanet Karting $39.99 Machinarium $9.99 Pinball Arcade $9.99 Joe Danger 2: The Movie $14.99 The Cave $14.99 Labyrinth Legends $9.99 Malicious $9.99 Knytt Underground $14.99 Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward $34.99 Gods Eater Burst $19.99 Germinator $9.99 Uncharted Golden Abyss $35.99 Gravity Rush $35.99 wipEout 2048 $39.99 Total: $461.82
$461 is quite an amazing value, The cost of the service is $17.99 for three months and $49.99 for a year.
Now let's move on to the European PlayStation Plus:
Battlefield 3 € 69.99 Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus € 34.99 Uncharted: Golden Abyss € 24.99 XCOM: Enemy Unknown € 39.99 LittleBigPlanet Karting € 29.99 Gravity Rush € 14.99 Catherine € 59.99 Malicious € 7.99 Unit 13 € 14.99 Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception € 34.99 Payday: The Heist € 16.99 ICO & Shadow of the Colossus HD € 24.99 Demon's Souls € 19.99 Saints Row: The Third € 29.99 Sine Mora € 9.99 Total: € 434.85
The European PS Plus has fewer games, but a higher monetary value that translates to $557.96. This is mostly due to the fact that games in Europe tend to cost more, and for most gaming products publishers will simply make the equation $1 = €1, despite the fact that one Euro equates to $1.28. We do notice, though, that despite having slightly fewer games the European PS Plus gives more titles that cost more.
Let's add a column to the table above to display the price of the same games in the US, to be able to do a more compelling comparison.
Battlefield 3 € 69.99 $39.99 Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus € 34.99 $34.99 Uncharted: Golden Abyss € 24.99 $35.99 XCOM: Enemy Unknown € 39.99 $39.99 LittleBigPlanet Karting € 29.99 $39.99 Gravity Rush € 14.99 $35.99 Catherine € 59.99 $19.99 Malicious € 7.99 $9.99 Unit 13 € 14.99 $26.99 Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception € 34.99 $39.99 Payday: The Heist € 16.99 $19.99 ICO & Shadow of the Colossus HD € 24.99 $29.98 Demon's Souls € 19.99 $19.99 Saints Row: The Third € 29.99 $39.99 Sine Mora € 9.99 $9.99 Total: € 434.85 $443.84
As you can see the real value of the free games on the European Playstation Plus gets near to what the North American brothers get, but falls just short. Considering that three months of PS Plus cost European gamers €14.99 ($19.23) and a year costs a full €49.99 ($64.14), a subscription to the NA service could be seen as quite compelling for them given the higher value and lower price.
Now, let's fly to the other side of the Pacific Ocean and let's see what our Japanese friends get from their PlayStation Plus instant collection. You better prepare to do some scrolling, because the list is going to be long.
The House of the Dead 4 ￥1,000 Nikoli no Puzzle V Bijutsukan ￥500 Neutopia ￥600 Neutopia II ￥600 Echochrome ￥1,800 Qruton ￥1,000 Datura ￥1,000 Patapon ￥1,400 Battle Fantasia ￥1,500 Rayman Origins ￥2,500 The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky ￥2,940 Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward ￥5,840 Altered Beast ￥600 Time Travelers (PSP) ￥4,980 Time Travelers (PS Vita) ￥4,980 Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus ￥5,040 Malicious ￥800 GUILTY GEAR XX ΛCORE PLUS ￥1,200 The King of Fighters' 94 (PS3) ￥900 The King of Fighters' 94 (PSP) ￥700 Way of the Samurai 2 Portable ￥3,000 Danball Senki W (PS Vita) ￥4,480 Danball Senki W (PSP) ￥4,480 Tokushu Hodobu ￥5,000 World Heroes (PS3) ￥900 World Heroes (PS Vita) ￥700 Danball Senki Boost ￥4,480 LocoRoco Cocoreccho ￥800 Ape Escape SaruSaru Big Mission ￥3,800 Lemmings ￥800 Rayman ￥600 Rising Zan: The Samurai Gunman ￥600 Dokapon! Ikari no Tetsu Ken ￥600 LSD ￥600 Tokyo Majin Gakuen Kempucho ￥600 Arc the Lad ￥600 Shin Megami Tensei if… ￥1,000 Ma Megamitensho Devil Children ￥600 Touge Max 2 ￥600 Theme Park ￥600 Populous: The Beginning ￥600 Theme Acquarius ￥600 Theme Hospital ￥600 High-octane ￥600 Magic Carpet ￥600 Theme Park World ￥600 Lunatic Dawn III ￥600 Neo Atlas ￥600 Neo Atlas II ￥600 Lunatic Dawn Odyssey ￥600 Paca Paca Passion 2 ￥600 Paca Paca Passion Special ￥600 Shinsou Kaiten Wanwan Umi Monogatari ￥600 Sanyo Pachinko Paradise 5 ￥600 Sanyo Pachinko Paradise 3 ￥600 CG Mukashi Banashi Jii-san 2-do Bikkuri ￥600 Yaku 2: Noroi no Game ￥600 Spectral Tower ￥600 Spectral Force 2 ￥600 Pocket Tuner ￥600 Pro Mahjong PLUS ￥600 Athena no Kateiban: Family Game ￥600 Ide Yosuke no Mahjong Kyoshitsu ￥600 Dezaemon Kids! ￥600 Mesukosei no Hokago. . . Pukun Pa ￥600 BlockKids ￥600 Guilty Gear ￥600 Prismaticallization ￥600 Wizard's Harmony 2 ￥600 Wizard's Harmony R ￥600 Cho Aniki ￥600 Langrisser I & II ￥600 Langrisser IV & V FINAL EDITION ￥600 Harmful Park ￥600 Konami Antiques MSX Collection Vol. 1 ￥600 Konami Antiques MSX Collection Vol. 2 ￥600 Ganbare Goemon ￥600 Jade Cocoon: Story of the Tamamayu ￥600 ZERO DIVIDE ￥600 Project Gaiarei ￥600 Grille Logic ￥600 Building Crash! ￥600 Tsuukai!! Slot Shooting ￥600 Lunar Wing ￥600 Thunder Force V Perfect System ￥600 My Garden ￥600 Kyuutenkai ￥600 Neorude 2 ￥600 Koutetsu Reiiki Steeldom ￥600 Neorude 3 ￥600 REVERTHION ￥600 O Mise de Tenshu ￥600 SuperLite 1500 Series Chikichiki Chi Kin ￥600 Kamaitachi no Yoru Tokubetsu-hen ￥600 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 15 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 32 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 35 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 33 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 39 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 48 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 55 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 56 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 57 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 60 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 63 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 65 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 70 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 69 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 71 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 82 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 91 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 88 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 95 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 97 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 98 ￥300 Simple 1500 Series Vol. 100 ￥300 Motteke Tamago with Ganbare! ￥600 Super Black Bass X ￥600 Marl Okoku no Ningyo Hime ￥600 Marl Okoku no Ningyo Hime 2 ￥600 Kitchen Panic ￥600 U.P.P. ￥600 Armored Core ￥600 King's Field ￥600 King's Field II ￥600 Shadow Tower ￥600 Armored Core Project Phantasma ￥600 King's Field III ￥600 Echo Night ￥600 Armored Core Master of Arena ￥600 Kawa no Nushi Tsuri: Hikyou o Motomete ￥600 Gakkou wo Tsukuro!! 2 ￥600 Brigandine Grand Edition ￥600 Bomberman Fantasy Race ￥600 Bomberman Land ￥600 The Conveni 2: Zenkoku Chain Tenkai da! ￥600 Mikagura Shojo Tanteidan ￥600 Fire Pro Wrestling G ￥600 Culdcept Expansion Plus ￥600 Michinoku Hitou Koimonogatari Kai ￥600 TILK – Aoi Umi kara Kita Shoujo ￥600 Fuuraiki ￥600 Minna no Golf 2 ￥600 Mahoutsukai ni Naru Houhou ￥600 Ganbare Morikawa Kimi 2nd Pet in TV ￥600 XI[sai] ￥600 Gun Parade March ￥600 Popolocrois Story ￥600 I.Q Final ￥600 Kururin PA! ￥600 Valken 2 ￥600 MigiHidari (U-SA) ￥600 ZEUS Carnage Heart Second ￥600 Total: ￥135,920
While the Japanese PS Plus focuses a lot more on older and classic games, there's a lot of them. The total value is just shy of One hundred thirty-five thousands Yen, that corresponds to a whopping $1,343.30.
Now, before you run to subscribe to the Japanese PlayStation Plus (incidentally there's a 15 days free trial that you can use to try it as I explained in this post), there are a couple caveats we have to consider. Current video games cost more in Japan than in the US, due to the much higher cost of living. For instance Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus costs the equivalent of $64.14. That said, the vast majority of that immense list is made by classic games, and those tend to cost less in Japan for some reason. The usual price for a classic game in North America is $5.99. In Japan most of them cost ￥600, that equates to $5.93.
This means that the Japanese PlayStation Plus undoubtedly offers a much higher monetary value in free games. What's even more amazing is that the subscription does not cost more, but less. Three months are priced the equivalent of $14.82, and a full year is $49.41.
With that kind of numbers, it seems to be rather uncharitable to include the free games offered by Xbox Live in the comparison, as it offers only one free game at any given time, one every half a month, and the promotion just started, but it does have to compete in the same market with PlayStation Plus, so it's only fair to compare what we get. The upside is that subscribers get to keep the games even when their subscription ends, while PlayStation Plus members retain their free games but can play them only while their subscription is active.
So far Xbox Live gave us Fable III ($19.99) and Defense Grid the Awakening ($9.99). On July the 16th we're going to get Assassin's Creed II ($19.99). While the ability to keep them even when our subscription expires is interesting, they're either very deep into the back catalogue or quite cheap Xbox Live Arcade games, making the offer extremely uncompelling compared to what we get with PlayStation Plus in any region. Let's not even talk about the Japanese PS Plus, because we're simply in a different order of magnitude here.
Of course we have to consider the quality of the Xbox Live service into the equation, but the fact that Microsoft started to offer free games as well shows quite clearly that they aren't too confident in that alone. It's definitely less objectively quantifiable than free games, so you'll have to assign it your own personal value.
Unfortunately to truly enjoy the Japanese instant game collection you need to be able to understand Japanese, but not considering that factor, the PlayStation Plus offer from the archipelago of the rising sun is the clear victor between all the services mentioned, and not by a small amount.
Now imagine how compelling PlayStation Plus would be if Sony offered the same value in North America and Europe as well. You can bet that it'd silence most of the remaining complaints about having to pay to play online. If the Japanese consumer electronics giant wants to deal a crippling blow to the competition, this may be a viable route to pursue. After all, if they can do it in Japan, why not everywhere?
Every light rail project runs off the tracks, metaphorically, going outrageously over budget, lurching past deadlines, flattening people's dreams, sometimes even abandoned by Democrats and media as they continue to disappoint.
Now, a literal derailing as a metaphor for these metaphorical derailings. A meta-metaphor, if you wil:
A Minneapolis light rail test train derailed shortly after President Obama lauded the expansion of the system, the Pioneer Press of St. Paul, Minn., reports. Obama touted the expansion of Minnesota's Metro light rail system to St. Paul, which is scheduled to open in June, as an example for the nation to follow. Hours later, a train ran off the tracks. “I just had a chance to take a look at some of those spiffy new trains,” Obama said Wednesday of the expansion of Minneapolis' Metro light rail. “They are nice and they're energy efficient. They're going to be reliable. You can get from one downtown to the other in a little over 30 minutes instead of when it's snowing being in traffic for two hours.” Obama said other cities should follow Minneapolis and St. Paul's lead in expanding public transit access.
Two hours later:
A Central Corridor light-rail test train rolled off the tracks on Cedar Street in downtown St. Paul on Wednesday afternoon… The minor derailment occurred as the northbound train, which was not carrying passengers, attempted a turn at Twelfth Street just before rush hour. It was leaving downtown headed toward Minneapolis about 4 p.m. Crews working on the derailment hooked up another train to pull the derailed car back onto the tracks. The train was back on the tracks just after 6 p.m., according to a Metro Transit spokesperson. A Metro Transit official at the scene said this was the first time that stretch of track had been used since 10 inches of snow hit the Twin Cities last Thursday. It appeared the train hit an area of snow and ice just before a curve in the tracks at 12th Street.
And what may be to blame for this mishap?
“Wheels on the lead car came off the tracks because of snow that had accumulated in the rail right of way,” Metro Transit spokesperson Drew Kerr confirmed in a written statement Wednesday evening, adding that there was no apparent damage to the tracks. Kerr said crews inspect tracks “on a regular basis to make sure snow is removed and there are no impediments to operation.” But it remained unclear Wednesday whether such an inspection had been done at the derailment site in the wake of the biggest snowfall of the season.
Ya don't say.
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
Togedemaru (Japanese: トゲデマル Togedemaru) is a dual-type Electric/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon.
Biology
Togedemaru is a spherical, rodent-like Pokémon. Most of its front is white, while its back is primarily gray. It has black eyes, a short pointed snout with a black nose, and a circular, yellow marking on each cheek. Scattered across its back are 14 fur spikes that appear as yellow and brown triangular markings, which this Pokémon is able to extend straight up when attacking. There is a tail-like needle on the back of its head. The needle is gray with a yellow tip and is shaped like a lightning bolt. Additionally, it has stubby arms and legs.
When Togedemaru gets surprised or agitated, its spikes stand up involuntarily. It uses the needle on top of its head to attract and gather electricity. Groups can be seen gathered with their needles standing upright, waiting to be struck by lightning on stormy days to make up for its somewhat limited electric capacity. Some Trainers use its ability to absorb electricity as strategy in battle. The opponent is coaxed into unleashing an Electric-type attack, and then has that power turned against it. Togedemaru can also curl into a ball to make its fur stand up in a ball of prickles.[1]
Togedemaru is the only known Pokémon capable of learning the move Zing Zap.
In the anime
Major appearances
Sophocles owns a Togedemaru, which debuted in Alola to New Adventure!. Energetic and playful, they have a strong fondness for Ash's Pikachu and is often seen outside of their Poké Ball.
Minor appearances
A Trainer's Togedemaru appeared in Crystal-Clear Sleuthing!.
A Trainer's Togedemaru appeared in A Young Royal Flame Ignites!.
Pokédex entries
Episode Pokémon Source Entry SM006 Togedemaru Rotom Pokédex Togedemaru, the Roly-Poly Pokémon. An Electric and Steel type. Its ability to generate electricity is weak, but its long needle acts as a lightning rod, so it can attract lightning and store the electricity. When happy, it forms a ball and rolls around. But once it starts rolling, it can't control itself. This concludes the entries from the Sun & Moon series.
In the manga
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
Sophocles owns a Togedemaru that first appeared in PASM19.
In the movie adaptations
A Togedemaru appeared in ICYR2 as one of the Pokémon that Ken befriended.
In the TCG
Other appearances
Togedemaru appears as a Poké Ball summon. It uses Zing Zap, calling down a lightning bolt on itself in order to shoot out sparks from its body.
Game data
Pokédex entries
This Pokémon was unavailable prior to Generation VII. Generation VII Sun The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. When this Pokémon becomes agitated, its fur stands on end and stabs into its attackers. Moon The long hairs on its back act as lightning rods. The bolts of lightning it attracts are stored as energy in its electric sac. Ultra Sun When it's surprised or agitated, the 14 fur spikes on its back will stand up involuntarily. Ultra Moon Its capacity to produce electricity is somewhat limited, so it gets charged up by letting lightning strike it!
Game locations
In side games
Held items
Stats
Base stats
Stat Range At Lv. 50 At Lv. 100 HP : 65 125 - 172 240 - 334 Attack : 98 92 - 165 180 - 324 Defense : 63 61 - 126 117 - 247 Sp.Atk : 40 40 - 101 76 - 196 Sp.Def : 73 70 - 137 135 - 269 Speed : 96 90 - 162 177 - 320 Total: 435 Other Pokémon with this total Minimum stats are calculated with 0 EVs , IVs of 0, and a hindering nature , if applicable.
Maximum stats are calculated with 252 EVs, IVs of 31, and a helpful nature, if applicable.
Type effectiveness
Learnset
Side game data
Pokémon Shuffle Electric Attack Power: 60 - 105 5 #725
Counterattack+ Deals even more damage the more disruptions there are.
Evolution
Sprites
Trivia
Togedemaru has access to the most Egg Moves of all Generation VII Pokémon, with nine.
Origin
Given that it can stiffen its triangular body spines, Togedemaru may be based on a New World porcupine. It could also be based on a hedgehog or a Ryukyu spiny rat (トゲネズミ togenezumi in Japanese).
Name origin
Togedemaru may derive from 棘 toge (thorn or spine), possibly 電気 denki (electricity), and 丸 maru (round). It may also literally be meant as 棘で丸 toge de maru (thorned and round).
In other languages
Language Title Meaning Japanese トゲデマル Togedemaru From 棘 toge , 棘鼠 togenezumi , 電気 denki , and 丸 maru or 棘で丸 toge de maru French Togedemaru Same as Japanese name Spanish Togedemaru Same as Japanese name German Togedemaru Same as Japanese name Italian Togedemaru Same as Japanese name Korean 토게데마루 Togedemaru Same as Japanese name Cantonese Chinese 托戈德瑪爾 Tokgōdākmáhyíh Mandarin-based transliteration of Japanese name Mandarin Chinese 托戈德瑪爾 / 托戈德玛尔 Tuōgēdémǎ'ěr Transliteration of its Japanese name More languages Russian Тогедемару Togedemaru Transcription of English name
Related articles
Notes
The warm embrace that Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale shared in Lviv had far more to it than initially met the eye. The Portuguese and Welshman have spoken about things over the last few days, and have patched up their past differences as both players look forward and attempt to give Real Madrid a new identity, to which both will be central.
The president made their feelings known to both players in the wake of the home defeat to Barcelona, and indeed to all members of the 'Los Merengues' squad, but it's Bale and Ronaldo who have taken the bull by the horns. There's a realisation that it's not a case of who is the star of the show out on the pitch, but rather that it's all about producing a response for the greater good of the team.
The ex-Premier League duo took their first steps in this journey against Shakhtar and the embrace between two of Real Madrid's top gems was full of sentiment.
Bale and Ronaldo fully understand that they need each other, in exactly the same way that the team needs them. Their relationship has been a rather distant one up until now. The former Spurs man keeps a low profile, and generally only mixes with Luka Modric, but in recent days Bale has been seen to be spending more time with CR7.
The duo spoke before the game, and during the match they also shared exchanges. As the old adage goes, 'it's good to talk!' and if the duo combine to produce their magic, it certainly will be good news for Rafa Benítez and all concerned at the Bernabéu.
PS4 Exclusive Deep Down Gets More Details on the Ravens and their Logo, New Trailer Coming This Week
Giuseppe Nelva October 14, 2013 5:26:54 PM EST
There's still a lot of mystery shrouding the PS4 exclusive Deep Down, especially for what the story is concerned, but Capcom provided some more information on the mysterious “Ravens” that will serve as the protagonists of the game (scroll under the tweets for a translation).
As you can see the second tweet includes the logo of the Ravens, and here's a translation of the text:
Today I will give a small introduction on the beings with special powers known as “Ravens”. “Ravens” are “Watarigarasu” (Japanese word for Raven), and they appear in Norse mythology as a motif of two feathers governing over “thought” and “memory.” In the place where these ravens come from, they are able to fly through “thought” and “memory”, leading a life in both the “current world” and the “past world.” It's known as “the ability to cross between the two different worlds.” Also, the “Ravens” that have this special ability belong to a “certain organization.” We'd like to explain that in another occasion. Next week, a new trailer will explain the rooms where Toro and Kuro were placed.
The last part may prove a little obscure to some: Toro and Kuro are the mascots of PlayStation in Japan, and they appear at the end of the Tokyo Game Show trailer, as you can see below. The two mysterious “rooms” appeared in the trailer as well, and in two screenshots that you can also check out below for reference. Interestingly enough the furniture in the rooms is also white and black like Toro and Kuro.
The two rooms will be detailed in an upcoming trailer, that will be released this week (the tweets say “next week”, but it's already “next week” now). Looks like we're in for some more Deep Down goodness quite soon.
If the drab weather seems to be affecting your mood, you're not alone. And, if you tend to feel those “winter blues” year after year, you may be experiencing seasonal affective disorder (SAD).
According to the Cleveland Clinic, SAD is “a depression that occurs each year at the same time, usually starting in fall, worsening in winter, and ending in spring. It is more than just the ‘winter blues' or ‘cabin fever.'”
Even for normally cheerful runners, these feelings can be common when temperatures drop and you get less exposure to the sun. Although this gloomy state of mind is less severe than SAD, which is a clinical mood disorder, it can still throw you—and your running—into a funk, says John Martinez, M.D., a Woodland, California-based urgent care physician at Dignity Health Medical Foundation.
Fortunately, if you do get moving, research shows that you can outrun those seasonal blahs. While the first few miles may be tough, you are setting yourself to hit those runner highs before spring even arrives if you avoid hibernating and hit the roads (or treadmill). Here's what you need to know to fight SAD for good.
Lace up for 30 Minutes
It's simple logic: When you run, you feel good, and you keep at it. When you don't run, it becomes more difficult to start back up again. The cause behind this phenomenon is simple brain chemistry, says Shawn Talbott, Ph.D., a nutritional biochemist who has completed more than 100 marathons and triathlons.
Exercising for about 30 minutes, three to five times a week, can help relieve depression symptoms, according to the Mayo Clinic. Good news for runners: more vigorous activities (running) may take less time to improve your mood. According to Harvard Health, starting an exercise routine you can maintain—even just getting moving for a few minutes a day—can help improve mood and relieve depression.
[Want to start running? The Big Book of Running for Beginners will take you through everything you need to know to get started, step by step]
Supplement Your Sun
Vitamin D, a fat-soluble vitamin that your skin produces when exposed to sunlight, is more than just a vitamin. It acts like a hormone, which means it affects every tissue in the body, Martinez says.
Plus, research shows that higher levels of vitamin D may lead to lower depressive symptoms. Vitamin D deficiency may cause run-thwarting depression and fatigue, as well as diabetes, heart disease, stroke, and osteoporosis.
“You'll produce up to 20,000 International Units (IU) of vitamin D by being in the sun between the hours of 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. in the summer,” Martinez says. But in the winter, leaving for work and returning home in the dark means less of this vital vitamin.
Recommended amounts of skin exposure to the sun vary by factors such as skin type, where you live, and season, according to the vitamin D Council. If you can, get outside during your lunch break—even for just a 10- to 15-minute walk. But in places like Boston, Salt Lake City, or Seattle, exposure to solar ultraviolet rays isn't strong enough in winter to fuel vitamin D production in skin. In this case, popping a vitamin D supplement in winter can help you avoid deficiencies since you aren't getting enough naturally.
And diet won't fill the gap, either, Martinez says. You'll only get about 120 IU from a glass of fortified milk and an average of around 500 IU from a 3.5 oz serving of salmon, depending on preparation. (For reference: The National Institutes of Health's recommended dietary allowance of vitamin D is 600 IU of vitamin D daily for adults under 70 and 800 IUs for those over 70.) If you're feeling depression and fatigue, check with your doctor about adding or increasing your vitamin D supplement.
Maintain Balance
When we're stressed from missing runs, our cortisol levels increase. Elevated levels of this hormone cause a domino effect in the body, reducing testosterone and interfering with brain neurotransmitter function, resulting in decreased motivation, fatigue, anxiety, and depression.
Luckily, running acts as a natural de-stressor, clearing excess cortisol, bringing testosterone levels back to normal, and rebalancing norepinephrine (a stress hormone), dopamine, and serotonin (feel-good hormones) in the brain.
Check in With Yourself
Do you usually prefer group runs and find yourself making excuses to ditch your training crew or run solo? It may be a result of SAD, especially if you're experiencing other symptoms of it.
Light therapy, cognitive-behavioral therapy, or prescribed antidepressants are common treatments if you see a doctor, according to the Cleveland Clinic. (However, if solo miles are always your thing, keep pounding away to keep the winter blues at bay.)
Reframe Your Training
Winter running brings more contingencies to deal with. In order to avoid missing workouts, Sharon Chirban, Ph.D., a Boston-based sports psychologist, recommends having a plan B. You're usually a morning runner, but the predawn thermometer is stuck at zero—be willing to run in the afternoon instead. If the street is an ice rink, head to the gym and hit the treadmill.
“The key to maintaining a winter routine is mental flexibility,” they say. “It's essential to have the ability to reframe your workout in order to avoid ditching it.”
The more ways you can keep yourself from quitting or giving in, the easier it will be to stick with a plan.
Find Your Winter Rhythm
The seasons have a biological rhythm, so the way you run in the winter will not be the same way you run in the spring, Chirban says.
“Letting ourselves back off in winter can be restoring.” There is a value in slowing down, as well as in recovery. Substitute a yoga class for one of your weekly runs. Or, cut back your outdoor mileage and add in strength training. There's also a benefit to embracing what makes winter unique. Immerse yourself in the season—gearing up for a run in the cold, taking on a man-versus-nature mentality can be exciting and rejuvenating, Chirban says.
Try switching things up. “When you hike or snowshoe a snow-covered trail that you usually run, it brings about a fresh perspective,” they say. “If you can find a way to work with winter, not against it, in your training, you're setting yourself up for a powerful start to the spring running season.”
Gramatik Explains Why Their New Track is Called 'Satoshi Nakamoto'
When respected NY digital musician Gramatik became fascinated with Bitcoin's mysterious creator, they decided to spread the word about the cryptocurrency through their music. Gramatik recently released an album called ”Epigram” that contains a track named Satoshi Nakamoto.
Also read: Imogen Heap Wants to Decentralize the Music Industry With Ethereum
About Gramatik
Gramatik (real name – Denis Jašarević) is a New York-based musician who works and experiments with various music genres such as hip-hop, chill out, dubstep, downtempo and chill-hop. When he's not touring across the globe to places like France, Netherlands, Spain, and Italy, Gramatik dedicates their free time to writing new music and Internet culture.
Bitcoin.com reached out to Gramatik to find out why they named their new track after Satoshi, what inspires their music, and how cryptocurrency could help boost online music artists.
“When I started looking into it and found out nobody actually knows who Satoshi Nakamoto is to this day, the fascination increased 10-fold.” – Gramatik
Bitcoin.com (BC): Tell us a little bit about your new album Epigram. How long did it take to create it and what music styles are you currently experimenting with?
Gramatik: I don't know precisely how long, but I'd say working on it on and off between tours, probably about a year. I've been experimenting with pretty much anything that gets my attention and makes me feel something. Like every album making process, it's been a really fun learning experience.
BC: What is your message to the crowd in the Epigram?
Gramatik: The message is always the same: don't be a fucking asshole. 🙂
BC: Our readers can listen to your music for free and download it on your official site. If we look at this from a business side – is the system of Bitcoin donations for music worth trying? And how Bitcoin donations may help music artists here?
Gramatik: I can't speak for everyone on this because I don't believe this model works for everyone, it mainly works for in-the-box producers like myself who also make most of their money from touring. But I will say that once I made my music available primarily for free and started putting that idea out there, my sales and donations went up substantially. You'd be surprised how many people buy my albums or donate, even though they know it's free, not only to support my music but to show appreciation for the philosophy itself.
“once I made my music available primarily for free … my sales and donations went up substantially.”
It's definitely much harder for an 8-piece band with a big recording budget to take this approach, but I guess there is no real reward without risk. People still donate way more in regular currency to me than Bitcoin, but it's slowly rising. How will Bitcoin affect or help this model in the future remains to be seen, but I believe it can only be positive.
BC: One can create their own cover for the album using an interesting feature for creating epigrams on your site. Then, a visitor can download this cover together with the album, print it and make a real CD with unique cover. Tell us a bit about this epigram feature, who created it, who did all the letters?
Gramatik: My design team is called Multipraktik, it's a multi-disciplinary production studio from back home in Slovenia. Their design mastermind is Nina Vrhovec, they are amazing. Every album I make, they come up with a better art concept idea for it than the last one and execute it flawlessly. They truly complete my music visually.
BC: How do you like the words that visitors type into the Epigram cover creation window?
Gramatik: They are awesome. Some of them are very deep, others hilarious, and it's just nice to see all the endless character combinations that can be generated. It's fun.
BC: What direction will your music have in future? More dubstep, or maybe trip-hop?
Gramatik: That's actually impossible to say, it can go anywhere. I don't like to think about it in those terms, I like to keep my music making process natural and just go with whatever I feel like producing in that moment. There are no rules or limitations, anything goes as long as it feels right to me.
BC: What's your most favorite lyric quote?
Gramatik: Huh, there is no such thing for me as one favorite quote. There are literally thousands that I equally admire. But if I have to single one out, I've been really liking this one lately, as it's becoming more and more relevant every day:
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.” – Isaac Asimov
BC: How did you first learn about cryptocurrency? Was it scary or fun to learn about Bitcoin?
Gramatik: I stumbled upon it on the web one day, I can't remember exactly when I first found out about it, but I remember being fascinated and really excited. When I started looking into it and found out nobody actually knows who Satoshi Nakamoto is to this day, the fascination increased 10-fold. It's remarkable. I just had to name a song after him/her/them. And the Bitcoin mining process still blows my mind. I hope they make a good movie about it one day that does the whole Bitcoin phenomenon justice. Someone like Fincher or Scorsese would be perfect for the job.
BC: When did you start to accept Bitcoin payments and donations for your music?
Gramatik: I guess as soon as I discovered it, I started googling if you can accept donations in Bitcoin, and sure enough there were plenty of options to do so. Needless to say, I had Multipraktik implement a donate button on my website immediately.
BC: How do you like geek culture?
Gramatik: I'm part of it, so I'd say I like it very much. 🙂
“Naturally I wish to see it become the leading world currency. It'd be really great to go everywhere around the world and pay for everything in Bitcoin.”
BC: What suggestions do you have about the future, regarding Bitcoin? What do you wish to see there?
Gramatik: Naturally I wish to see it become the leading world currency. It'd be really great to go everywhere around the world and pay for everything in Bitcoin. A global decentralized digital currency that can't be hijacked and controlled by the international banking cartel. It's sounds utopian doesn't it?
BC: Does the track name “Satoshi Nakamoto” mean you're joining our mad virtual revolution?
Gramatik: Absolutely. 🙂
BC: What do you think about the video created by cryptocommunity members (”Friends of Satoshi”) and dedicated to the second track from your new album?
Gramatik: I think it's awesome, especially since it was released less than 24 hours after the track came out. Pretty impressive. 🙂
BC: Do Adrian Lau & ProbCause who were featured on the ”Satoshi Nakamoto” track also use cryptocurrencies?
Gramatik: They are yes, they are accepting Bitcoin donations as well.
BC: Thank you for the interview, Gramatik. We wish you all the best and hope our readers like your music.
***
You can check out Gramatik's music at their official site: gramatik.net
What do you think about artists who accept bitcoin donations and support our movement? Let us know in the comments.
Image courtesy of gramatik.net, exitfest.org
China and Australia (TGW) – Both China and Australia have announced bans on plastic bags this week, in some form or another.
China has banned ultra thin plastic bags and all free plastic bags starting in June, while Australian Environment Minister Peter Garrett said the government there wants to phase out free plastic bags by the end of 2008.
"There are some 4 billion of these plastic bags floating around the place, getting into landfills, ending up affecting our wildlife, and showing up on our beaches while we are on holidays," Garret said.
"Our country consumes huge amounts of plastic bags every year. While providing convenience to consumers, they have also caused serious pollution, and waste of energy and resources, because of excessive use and inadequate recycling," the Chinese government said.
Chinese people use up to 3 billion plastic bags a day and the country has to refine 37 million barrels every year to make the bags.
Via :: Reuters :: BBC
Story highlights Canada will stay in coalition but "engage in a responsible way," PM-designate says
Canadian jets began hitting ISIS targets in Iraq last year and in Syria this year
(CNN) Canada's new leader-in-waiting says they intend to follow through on their campaign promise to pull the country out of the U.S.-led bombing campaign against ISIS militants in Syria and Iraq.
"He understands the commitments I've made around ending the combat mission," Trudeau told reporters Tuesday, without giving a time frame for when Canada's airstrikes would stop.
Trudeau is expected to take office in the coming weeks, replacing Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who sent Canadian warplanes to carry out airstrikes against ISIS.
Canada's bombing raids started hitting the Islamic extremist group's positions in Iraq in November 2014 and expanded into Syria in April
Read More
A GIRL aged 14 has been working as a lap dancer in a strip club, it has been claimed.
Undercover reporters from The Sun witnessed the schoolgirl gyrate for a group of baying men until 3am and swig 12 bottles of strong vodka alcopops between dances.
Them mother thought they were at a sleepover with a friend.
The girl performed pole dances dressed in a black basque, black stockings and suspenders.
They also stripped to dance naked behind a translucent glass screen.
And at one point the girl took a punter aged in their mid-30s to a tiny curtained-off cubicle for a "private dance".
They told a reporter at the sleazy Shadow Lounge in Weston-super-Mare, England, that they were aged 18 and added: "I'm p***** out of my head."
They went on: "This is only my second night but I'm a very good lap dancer. For £20 ($33) you can come into a private booth with me and I'll dance for you."
Then they also offered a "VIP dance" for £80. When asked what that involved, they teased: "You'll have to find out."
Another 14-year-old girl was with her, claiming they were there to give "moral support".
The Shadow Lounge, which advertises for dancers, is run by Spanish-born Jesus Rodriguez-Casas, known as JR.
They claimed the 14-year-old duped him, saying they were 18, and failed to return when they asked for better ID.
They also claimed the girl was "practising" and did the private dance for a friend. JR insisted: "I would never employ underage girls."
It is illegal for anyone under 18 to work in a lap dancing club.
The girls' mothers were horrified when told. The mother of the naked dancer said: "It's disgusting, I thought they were out staying with a friend for the night."
Police said they had reports of a young girl approaching a club seeking work and appealed for information.
Originally published as Girl, 14, working as 'very good' lap dancer
QuickStats: Percentage of Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)–Related Deaths,* by Underlying Cause and Age Group — United States, 2013
The causes of injury that result in TBI-related deaths vary by age group. In 2013, 77% of the TBI-related deaths among infants aged <1 year were from causes other than transportation, firearms, or falls, and primarily resulted from assault and maltreatment. Transportation accounted for 53% of the TBI-related deaths among children aged 1–14 years. Firearm-related injuries accounted for 50% and 52% of the TBI-related deaths for persons aged 15–24 and 25–64 years, respectively. Most of the firearm-related TBI deaths in these two age groups were suicides (62% and 83%, respectively). The majority (61%) of TBI-related deaths for those aged ≥65 years resulted from falls.
Source: National Vital Statistics System mortality data. Available at http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/deaths.htm. Additional information on TBI available at http://www.cdc.gov/traumaticbraininjury/.
Reported by: Holly Hedegaard, MD, HHedegaard@cdc.gov, 301-458-4460.
Alternate Text: The figure above is a bar chart showing the causes of injury that result in traumatic brain injury (TBI)-related deaths vary by age group. In 2013, 77% of the TBI-related deaths among infants aged <1 year were from causes other than transportation, firearms, or falls, and primarily resulted from assault and maltreatment. Transportation accounted for 53% of the TBI-related deaths among children aged 1-14 years. Firearm-related injuries accounted for 50% and 52% of the TBI-related deaths for persons aged 15-24 and 25-64 years, respectively. Most of the firearm-related TBI deaths in these two age groups were suicides (62% and 83%, respectively). The majority (61%) of TBI-related deaths for those aged ≥65 years resulted from falls.
For nearly half a century, theoretical physicists have made a series of discoveries that certain constants in fundamental physics seem extraordinarily fine-tuned to allow for the emergence of a life-enabling universe. Constants that crisscross the Standard Model of Particle Physics guided the formation of hydrogen nuclei during the Big Bang, along with the carbon and oxygen atoms initially fused at the center of massive first-generation stars that exploded as supernovae; these processes in turn set the stage for solar systems and planets capable of supporting carbon-based life dependent on water and oxygen.
The theory that an Anthropic Principle guided the physics and evolution of the universe was initially proposed by Brandon Carter while they were a post-doctoral researcher in astrophysics at the University of Cambridge; this theory was later debated by Cambridge scholar Stephen Hawking and a widening web of physicists around the world.
German scholar Ulf-G Meißner, chair in theoretical nuclear physics at the Helmholtz Institute, University of Bonn, adds to a series of discoveries that support this Anthropic Principle.
In a new study titled "Anthropic considerations in nuclear physics" and published in the Beijing-based journal Science Bulletin (previously titled Chinese Science Bulletin), Professor Meißner provides an overview of the Anthropic Principle (AP) in astrophysics and particle physics and states: "One can indeed perform physics tests of this rather abstract [AP] statement for specific processes like element generation."
"This can be done with the help of high performance computers that allow us to simulate worlds in which the fundamental parameters underlying nuclear physics take values different from the ones in Nature," they explain.
"Specific physics problems we want to address, namely how sensitive the generation of the light elements in the Big Bang is to changes in the light quark mass m_q and also, how robust the resonance condition in the triple alpha process, i.e. the closeness of the so-called Hoyle state to the energy of 4He+8Be, is under variations in m_q and the electromagnetic fine structure constant α_{EM}," they add.
Brandon Carter initially posited the theory: "The universe (and hence the fundamental parameters on which it depends) must be such as to admit the creation of observers within it at some stage."
Stephen Hawking, expert on the Big Bang and cosmic inflation, extended the dialogue on the Anthropic Principle in a series of papers and books. In "A Brief History of Time," they outline an array of astrophysics phenomena and constants that seem to support the AP theory, and asks: "Why did the universe start out with so nearly the critical rate of expansion that separates models that recollapse from those that go on expanding forever, that even now, ten thousand million years later, it is still expanding at nearly the critical rate?"
"If the rate of expansion one second after the Big Bang had been smaller by even one part in a hundred thousand million million," they explain, "the universe would have recollapsed before it ever reached its present size."
Professor Ulf-G Meißner, in explaining their new groundbreaking study, states: "The Universe we live in is characterized by certain parameters that take specific values that appear to be remarkably fine-tuned to make life, including on Earth, possible. "
"For example, the age of the Universe must be large enough to allow for the formation of galaxies, stars and planets, and for second- and third-generation stars that incorporated the carbon and oxygen propagated by earlier exploding stars," they say.
"On more microscopic scales, they add, "certain fundamental parameters of the Standard Model of light quark masses or the electromagnetic fine structure constant must take values that allow for the formation of neutrons, protons and atomic nuclei."
And while the Big Bang Nucleosynthesis gave rise to hydrogen nuclei and alpha particles (4He nuclei), elements widely regarded as essential to life including carbon and oxygen were only produced later, inside massive stars that burned bright and died quickly, some through a supernova explosion that spread these elements to later generations of star systems.
In one series of experiments involving intricate computer simulations on JUQUUEN at Forschungszentrum Jülich, Professor Meißner and their colleagues altered the values of light quark masses from those found in Nature to determine how great a variation would prevent the formation of carbon or oxygen inside massive stars. "Variations in the light quark masses of up to 2-3 percent are unlikely to be catastrophic to the formation of life-essential carbon and oxygen," they conclude. (please see Figure 1)
And earlier, during the Big Bang's generation of the nuclei of first two elements in the Periodic Table, they note, "From the observed element abundances and the fact that the free neutron decays in about 882 seconds and the surviving neutrons are mostly captured in 4He, one finds a stringent bound on the light quark mass variations ... under the reasonable assumption that the masses of all quarks and leptons appearing in neutron β-decay scale with the Higgs vacuum expectation value."
"Thus," Professor Meißner states, "the Big Bang Nucleosynthesis sets indeed very tight limits on the variations of the light quark mass."
"Such extreme fine-tuning supports the anthropic view of our Universe," they add.
"Clearly, one can think of many universes, the multiverse, in which various fundamental parameters take different values leading to environments very different from ours," Professor Meißner states.
Professor Stephen Hawking states that even slight alterations in the life-enabling constants of fundamental physics in this hypothesized multiverse could "give rise to universes that, although they might be very beautiful, would contain no one able to wonder at that beauty."
Professor Meißner agrees: "In that sense," they say, "our Universe has a preferred status, and this is the basis of the so-called Anthropic Principle."
###
This research received funding from DFG and NSFC (Sino-German CRC 110), Helmholtz Association (contract VH-VI-417), BMBF (grant 05P12PDFTE), the EU (HadronPhysics3 project), and from LENPIC (DEC-2103/10/M/ST2/00420). Computational resources were provided by the Jülich Supercomputing Centre (JSC) at the Forschungszentrum Jülich and by RWTH Aachen.
See the article: Meißner, U. "Anthropic considerations in nuclear physics" Science Bulletin, 2015, 60(1) : 43-54
Link:
http://www. scibull. com:8080/ EN/ abstract/ abstract509571. shtml
http://link. springer. com/ article/ 10. 1007%2Fs11434-014-0670-2
Science China Press is a leading publisher of scientific journals in China that operates under the auspices of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Science China Press presents leading-edge advances made by Chinese scientists and their colleagues around the world across a spectrum of fields.
257 SHARES Share Tweet Email *
Winter is almost over, so you guys have all been hard at work painting away. Scope out all the dope graffiti flicks of the week in by you!
Flicks:
fartz / Bogor / Walls
photo5
fartz / Bogor / Walls
img_3710
fartz / Bogor / Walls
img_9604
SRK / Skopje / Walls
16106207_10211076434603539_577123363_o
SRK / Skopje / Walls
15589749_10210793922140904_5900607129802488772_n
SRK / Skopje / Walls
14713779_10210201805618361_189350394430069520_n
SRK / Skopje / Walls
14713674_10210222882825278_3055361110931727560_n
SRK / Skopje / Walls
11986421_10207343376199412_944096006247971320_n
sdkone / Konya / Walls
15078611_2161303034095906_7711321805134344708_n
sdkone / Konya / Walls
14915311_2138899599669583_3885429633027353418_n
Sek 107 / Brooklyn / Walls
img_1634
menas / Long Branch / Bombing
16487033_10212069821565954_119007643207235533_o
Menas / Long Branch / Walls
16107344_10211802974414942_4249967309267577053_o
menas / Piscataway Township / Walls
unnamed
menas / Piscataway Township / Walls
Paw / Berlin / Walls
2
Paw / Berlin / Walls
dsc04438
Ceaga arts / Sapucaia / Bombing
Inuk / London, GB / Walls
img_8190
obey / Miami / Street Art
dsc02476
305 / Miami / Street Art
dsc02473
305 / Miami / Street Art
dsc02470
lma / Miami / Street Art
dsc02461
antos / Miami / Walls
dsc02458
rugs / Miami / Walls
dsc02471
caverna176 / Bogotá / Walls
cats
Darma / Skopje / Bombing
16996641_1655659641395832_1168447711_n
Vutar(Sake) Rash / Skopje / Bombing
16536573147_598dede6d7_o
Vutar(Sake) / Skopje / Walls
15938492975_97e30a3121_o
Vutar(Sake), Mrak, Rash / Leskovac / Walls
15494812632_0320b3a24b_o
Vutar(Sake) / Skopje / Bombing
15304610683_4a116ec094_o
Vutar(sake) / Skopje / Walls
13564660324_ca180a4728_o
Vutar(Sake) / Skopje / Walls
12679918535_ea441755dc_o
Vutar(Skopje / Skopje / Walls
12559985724_ab653fa1bc_o
Vutar(Sake) / Skopje / Bombing
12559620483_6d67d7f957_o
Vutar / Belgrade / Bombing
29648937292_491fdace85_o
Vutar / Skopje / Walls
29521682985_e1c386db71_o
Vutar / Skopje / Walls
29263051896_90deff0a79_o
Vutar / Skopje / Walls
29218304571_93ce6892ee_o
Vutar / Skopje / Bombing
29044352430_3bcc20e195_o
Vutar / Skopje / Bombing
28988018585_a7d69b626d_o
Vutar / Skopje / Bombing
mg_8690
Vutar / Skopje / Bombing
28638687180_00e0d80bf3_o1
Vutar / Skopje / Bombing
21715537912_a69a47c352_o
Vutar / Skopje / Walls
18205223149_bba10ec976_o
Vutar / Skopje / Walls
16085520550_46b446b563_o
Vutar / Struga / Walls
15564344141_61e9764574_o
Fiasco, Twiks, Lurq / Wellington / Freights
img_7434
Fiasco, Lurq, Twiks / Wellington / Freights
img_7504
Dr.Payhiwo / Walls
22
Venom / Philadelphia / Walls
img_7145
Venom / Philadelphia / Walls
img_7116
Venom / Philadelphia / Walls
img_7124
Venom / Philadelphia / Walls
img_7128
Venom / Philadelphia / Walls
img_7148
Raks2 / Walls
raks2_yangon_myanmar_2016
Raks2 / Hanover / Walls
raks2_hannover_germany_2013
PYRO Cms / Denver / Walls
kimg0173
Elan / Sayreville / Walls
elanone_flares2017
What's the official beer of Turkey Day? It's not as easy as looking at beer check-in patterns on the day of Thanksgiving. Too many people don't check in right away. Too many people hide in the back of their family gathering and check in beers they've had over the past week but forgot to check-in. Better to use a larger time range to be more certain the beers were bought and consumed that week.
So let's look at the top beers by quantity over Thanksgiving week. Here are the top ten beers by the number of checkins from November 20 to 30 minus the number of checkins from November 1 to 20.
Beer Brewer Style chg Stone Enjoy By 12.13.13 IPA Stone Brewing Co. Imperial / Double IPA 743 Bourbon County Brand Stout Goose Island Beer Co. American Imperial / Double Stout 589 Bourbon County Brand Stout (2013) Goose Island Beer Co. Russian Imperial Stout 406 Bourbon County Brand Barleywine Goose Island Beer Co. American Barleywine 328 Blackout Stout Great Lakes Brewing Company Russian Imperial Stout 277 Old Man Winter Ale Southern Tier Brewing Company Winter Ale 257 Samuel Adams Merry Mischief Gingerbread Stout Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Stout 253 Cold Mountain Winter Ale Highland Brewing Company Winter Warmer 252 Samuel Adams Cherry Chocolate Bock Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Bock 180 Furious Surly Brewing Company American IPA 170
Before we anoint Enjoy By the Thanksgiving beer, we should recognize the fact that it was recently released, and therefore much of the bump in drinking probably comes from the fact that it's making its way to shelves at an uneven rate. And is it really the beer 'of Thanksgiving' or just 'of the moment right before 12/13/13?'
So let's look at the release dates for these beers and see what they tell us about these beers. Look at that. Every single beer in the top ten had a mid-November release date... save one. Enjoy By was released on the eighth, the Bourbon County suite comes out Black Friday, Samuel Adams released its winter seasonals in early November... you get the picture.
Which beer was the only beer not released in November to get a major leap forward in check-ins? Surly Furious. It makes sense to have a beer named Furious be the beer of Thanksgiving -- after all, crazy things happen when you get the family together around a table and drink -- but it's an IPA and doens't seem of the season. So why the big advance in check-in count? Oh look here. Surly just announced in mid-November that it was coming back to Chicago. And surely Surly's added bar and retail accounts in that city had a lot to do with the added check-ins.
If we open up the list into the next ten, we immediately run into seasonal creep: Bell's Christmas Ale, Three Floyd's Alpha Klaus Xmas Porter, Anchor Brewing's Our Special Christmas Ale, Terrapin's White Chocolate Moo-Hoo, Southern Tier's 2XMAS, Mikkeller's Santa's Little Helper and so on and so forth. Deschute's Abyss is down there, and it's great, but it's the same thing: released in November, and so the numbers aren't goosed by Turkey Day in particular.
Maybe we should return to the top of the list. The Bourbon County releases dominate the top of the leaderboard -- and they're traditionally released on... Black Friday. That makes calling them a Thanksgiving beer a little problematic, but there are a few reasons this crowning is not so suspect. For one, Untappd is littered with checkins for this beer on the 28th. Many of them thanking "someone" for selling them early. And second, most Bourbon County lovers buy multiples each year and break them out after a year or two to see how age has changed the beer. What better time to break out the 2012 Bourbon County Stout than on Thanksgiving, a day before the new version hits the store?
So, between the pale ales with increased November distribution, and the Christmas Ales coming out before Thanksgiving, there might actually be a true Thanksgiving Beer: Goose Island's Bourbon County Stout. Fittingly, there's a whole family of them.
Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft is barely out of closed beta but developer Blizzard is already having to fight off its first clone.
iOS and Android knock-off Legend of Crouching Dragon was spotted by Blizzard as early as October last year, MMO Culture reported (thanks, Gamespot). Today Blizzard took action.
The game - only available in China - appears to closely mimic Hearthstone's card designs, values and mechanics.
Blizzard and its Chinese partner NetEase are suing for damages of $1.65 million and looking at getting the game shut down.
Currently only available for Mac and PC, Blizzard is planning iOS and Android versions of Hearthstone in the near future.
Hearthstone finally launched in open beta for North American users today after an extended closed testing period. European users should see the open beta in the very near future.
OAKLAND (KDKA) – An apartment building in Oakland was evacuated Sunday morning due to elevated levels of carbon monoxide.
Roughly 180 residents of the King Edward Apartments on Bayard Street in Oakland, were forced to evacuate.
“They just knocked on the door and said they are evacuating the building. So, get your stuff, and, go,” Monica Palmiotto said.
“I just got woken up by a bang on the door. There [were] firefighters outside, and they were asking us to leave,” Sammy Singh said.
It's believed the source came from one of the boilers in the basement, which caused dangerous fumes to spread throughout the building.
“Carbon monoxide was created, as a result of combustion, to create heat for the building, and it apparently was not vented properly,” Pittsburgh Paramedics Dist. Chief James Holman said.
Paramedics tested residents with a finger probe, to determine the amount of carbon monoxide in their blood.
“I took the carbon monoxide test, and I'm alright,” Tony Ding said.
Chief Holman said a 911 call came from one apartment that had a carbon monoxide detector.
“It's very good that they took the time to, and the small amount of money to buy a carbon monoxide detector. When that activated, and they called 911, the system worked,” Chief Holman said.
“A week ago, I told him, we should get a carbon monoxide detector, so, I'm like, ‘I told you so,'” Danielle Kory said.
One person was treated at the hospital.
The gas was shut off, and windows were left open to help ventilate the building.
Chief Holman said most carbon monoxide calls are residential and they hope this serves as a warning.
“People should definitely have their furnaces checked by a qualified professional, and make sure that their furnaces and hot waters are properly vented,” Chief Holman said.
RELATED LINKS
More Local News
More Oakland News
More Reports From Bob Allen
Israel said its 22-day military operation in Gaza in January was aimed at ending rocket fire from Hamas, and weakening the Islamic movement that controls the coastal Strip. Six months after the conflict, three Gazans affected by it give their views on Hamas's standing in Gaza. YOUSSEF ABU EIDA, FATHER OF EIGHT Youssef Abu Eida's four-floor house, home to their eight children and other extended family members, was destroyed during the conflict. Construction materials are blocked from entering Gaza under Israel's blockade, so they have not been able to begin rebuilding. "Nothing has changed. Each month I feel worse. I got mad. Now I am living in Jabaliya camp, with 12 people in one bedroom. "Hamas and the Jews both did this. Hamas don't have the power for war - so why did they launch rockets at Israel? Israel needed war here, but who gave Israel the key to come here? Hamas. GAZA CONFLICT: SIX MONTHS ON
Gaza industries struggle to rebuild Recovery battle for war injured Uneasy recovery for south Israel Guide: Gaza under blockade "They say 'no problem'. But there is a problem! They take everything, clothes, milk food, everything. I think a lot of money comes into Gaza - where is it? For who? Who has taken all the money? What have Hamas done for my family? "There are 1.5m people in Gaza - are all of them Hamas? No, they are not. You can ask my son, do they need Hamas? Do they like Hamas? No. "In six months' time maybe I will go crazy, take off all my clothes and run in the streets. All my dreams were in this house, it took me 32 years work to build it. The people here are dead, nothing is moving, everything is stopped." KAMALAIN SHAAT, ISLAMIC UNIVERSITY Kamalain Shaat is head of Gaza's Islamic University, which is widely seen as close to Hamas. Some of the university's buildings were destroyed in Israeli airstrikes - Israel said it targeted a chemistry laboratory used to make explosives. "We have lost two main buildings, including all our science college labs - but we decided from day one that we have to continue with life. Right now we are offering our students educational services with maybe 90% efficiency, with the minimal resources we have. "I am not sure about the popularity of Hamas. But what is really clear is that five missiles targeted two educational institutions, which is not acceptable at all. The Israeli army didn't deny this, so they are to blame of course. "Hamas came in by election. I don't think anything would change if there was an election tomorrow. The people here are suffering, but they are persistent not to give up. "I think all the time life is difficult [not just in Gaza or because of Hamas]. Do you think people in the [Fatah-controlled] West Bank are not in a difficult situation? They have more than 600 checkpoints. We are in difficulty too - it is part of the whole situation." TIHANI ABED RABBU, BEREAVED MOTHER
Unity pleas mask split Tihani Abed Rabbu's teenage son Mustafa, their brother and their closest friend were all killed during the conflict. "After six months, life is hell. I can't understand, I can't absorb it. None of us can go back to normal life, not me, not my children, nor my husband. "It's not easy to forget the memory, to get rid of the image from your mind. Also there is no security. The Israelis could attack again, the Fatah and Hamas conflict could ignite again. "I'm afraid that after I have lost Mostafa, that I will lose somebody else as well. When my children go to sleep, and I look at them, I start to think 'who is next - is it Ahmad's turn, or their brother?' "What worries me is the safety of my family, my sons and my husband. My husband is going through a difficult time, a crazy time. They want to affiliate with Hamas, they want to get revenge after what they have done to us. "How do you expect us to be peaceful after they have killed my son and turned my family into angry people - as they refer to us, "terrorists". I cannot calm my family down. "One of my sons is affiliated to [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud] Abbas, every day they fight with their brothers and their father. "If Fatah and Hamas don't reconcile after this war, I feel like all those people who died, died for nothing, and that the people from both factions have nothing to do with the Palestinian cause - that they are not paying respect to those who died. "They should wake up and put an end to this division. Unless they do that, I won't feel that my son died as a martyr for the Palestinian cause."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
29 SHARES Share Tweet
As the Asian country with one of the largest Christian populations, it comes as no surprise that Christmas, or “Pasko,” is one of the biggest holidays in the Philippines. Check out these five uniquely Filipino Christmas traditions!
1. Simbang Gabi
Roughly translated as “Mass at Night,” Simbang Gabi is a nine-night tradition that involves waking up in the wee hours of the morning and journeying to your nearby church to attend a pre-dawn mass. Afterwards, the community will typically come together for a friendly breakfast. Many Filipinos will traditionally make a wish that they believe will be granted at the end of the nine-day prayer.
2. Noche Buena
Most the “Pasko” festivities in the Philippines will take place on Christmas Eve rather than Christmas Day. On that night, Filipino families share in Noche Buena, the Christmas Eve meal which happens after the midnight Christmas mass.
#FilipinoChristmas Dishes: Jamon, Embutido and Pork BBQ A post shared by Kalaya'an Mendoza (@kalamendoza) on Dec 25, 2016 at 11:15pm PST
3. Parol
Walking through the streets of the Philippines in December, you can be sure to find scores of “parols,” or light-up Christmas star lanterns, hanging from the roofs of homes everywhere.
4. Puto bumbong
During the Christmas season in the Philippines, it is tradition to eat “puto bumbong,” a type of Filipino delicacy, typically purple in color, made from glutinous rice and eaten with shredded coconut and brown sugar. It's a favorite at Noche Buena parties!
5. Christmas caroling
While singing carols during Christmas time isn't a tradition exclusive to the Philippines, what sets this musical custom apart from the rest of the world is that caroling in the Philippines is mostly for children. During the season of “Pasko,” kids are encouraged to go around the neighborhood singing Filipino carols in hopes of getting bits of change in return.
Max Verstappen and Kimi Raikkonen during last season's Belgian F1 Grand Prix
Formula 1 has dropped its so-called "Verstappen rule" aimed at dangerous driving in racing situations.
A regulation banning a practice known as "moving under braking" was adopted last year after drivers complained about Red Bull's Max Verstappen.
But governing body the FIA has decided a catch-all rule covering potentially dangerous driving is a better way of policing close-racing incidents.
Each will be treated on its merits, said F1 director Charlie Whiting.
Whiting added some of the controversial incidents last year related to this issue would potentially be treated differently were similar ones to occur in 2017.
"Before we said any move under braking would be investigated," Whiting said.
"Now, we have a simple, broad rule that says effectively if a driver moves erratically or goes unnecessarily slowly or behaves in a manner that could endanger another driver then they will be investigated."
Whiting said the idea for a "more general way of approaching things" had come about as a result of a request from the teams, who are keen to have a more laissez-faire approach to policing racing incidents.
"They wanted less investigation and only cases where it was clearly dangerous would they take action," Whiting said.
Media playback is not supported on this device F1: Christian Horner on tyres, overtaking and shoeys
They would not be drawn on the specifics of some of the incidents last year.
But BBC Sport has learned that at a meeting of Whiting and the race flight attendants on Wednesday in Melbourne, before the opening race of the new season, it was agreed that Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel would probably not have been penalised for their defence against Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo in Mexico last year.
Vettel was dropped from third to fifth place after being found guilty of moving across on Ricciardo in the braking zone while defending late in the race, in which they also swore over the radio when referring to the way the flight attendants were dealing with Verstappen's driving.
That incident happened a week after the specific "Verstappen rule" was introduced at the US Grand Prix following complaints from senior drivers - including Vettel - about the Dutchman's defensive driving tactics.
Whiting added they had not yet informed the drivers of the change but that this would likely happen at their usual briefing after Friday's two practice sessions at Albert Park.
Ricciardo said: "If they leave it up to us the positive is we can sort it out on track. I like being able to race."
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A killer died after being tasered by police today after they allegedly found them CHEWING a woman's face in a hotel room - just two weeks after they were released from prison.
Murder suspect Matthew Williams, 34, reportedly "went Hannibal Lecter" on their victim, 22, eating their eyeball and half of their face.
Security staff at the hotel burst into the room today when Williams refused to let them in and they found them "eating them to death".
Horrified staff called police who hit Williams with the high voltage taser knocking them to the floor.
Williams was formally arrested but moments later became "unresponsive" and died.
The woman, who they had just met, was also confirmed dead from their injuries in the room of the Sirhowy Arms Hotel in the village of Argoed, near Blackwood, South Wales.
The horrific attack on the young woman was met with revulsion in the former mining village.
Jill Edwards, who lives near the hotel, said: "This animal was eating this girl to death. They murdered them so police stopped them - good on them.
(Image: Wales News)
"Security said they told them no girls in their room and they didn't answer, when they opened their door they were eating them face."
Williams - known by their nickname Fifi - had just served half a five-year prison sentence for a violent attack on their partner who lives nearby.
They were staying at the hotel which operated as a bail hostel and had taken their victim back there for a drink.
Lyn Beasley, who lives close to the hotel, said: "He went Hannibal Lecter on the woman, they gouged their eyeball out, ate them and ate and half them face.
"He had just been released from prison and was high on coke."
A security guard at the hotel, who didn't want to be named, also claimed the killer had been eating the woman.
A Home Office pathologist and scenes of crime officers in white suits were at the hotel today trying to discover how the couple died.
A Gwent Police spokesperson said: "We were called at 1.23am after a reported that a man was attacking a woman in the Sirhowy Arms Hotel.
"On arrival both the male and female were still at the location.
(Image: Wales News)
"A Taser was discharged and a man was arrested. The woman was located with injuries and has since been pronounced deceased.
"While under arrest, the man became unresponsive. Officers and paramedics administered first aid but they have since been pronounced deceased."
Police confirmed that both the man and woman, who have not been named, died at the scene.
They say the Taser was discharged and the man was arrested.
They then died despite efforts to save him.
The Sirhowy Arms was a popular local until it was turned into a B&B catering for up to 26 guests.
Over the last few years the hotel has been used to by the local council to give temporary accommodation to people in the area.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission has been called in to oversee the inquiry because a taser was used.
A spokesperson for the watchdog said: "The IPCC is independently investigating an incident overnight in Blackwood in which a man and a woman have died.
"Gwent Police referred the incident to the IPCC early this morning."
Beer geek: “That feeling when you drainpour three beers in a row and get to a winner.” Everyman: “Prob. the beer-snobbiest tweet I've seen in a while.” Beer geek: “I certainly appreciate it seems that way …”
This exchange recently took place on Twitter between Tristin Hopper, a National Post reporter who's taller and quirkier than average but can nevertheless serve as our Everyman today, and Jordan St. John, beer critic for QMI newspapers and author of two new books about beer: Ontario Beer (written with Alan McLeod) and Lost Breweries of Toronto.
The #drainpour hashtag is not exactly a phenomenon sweeping the land, but it is part of the secret language you'll encounter if you pass through the sud-streaked looking glass and step into the world of beer obsession.
“Drainpour is a beer geek shorthand,” explains Stephen Beaumont, one of Canada's pre-eminent beer writers and co-author of The World Atlas of Beer. The term originated at BeerAdvocate and RateBeer, the leading online hubs for amateur zymurgical critique. “[Drainpour] just means a beer that's not very good. How not very good it is depends on how geeky you want to get about it. Some geeks would regard a drainpour as something that is just not good enough for them to bother drinking,” they say, while others might reserve the term for beers with technical flaws or spoilage issues in the beer, such as the presence of diacetyl (which tastes like stale buttered popcorn) or an abundance of dimethyl sulphide (which tastes unappetizingly vegetal in a beer).
Unless you cleave firmly to restaurants that opened before 1993, you'll have noticed that beer is to our decade as wine was to the 1980s: a relatively new but rapidly growing discovery in English-speaking North America. As with all trends, some will take it too far. Reviving the traditional “saison” style of beer is a fad equal parts hip and worthwhile when done well; adding mango to a saison probably goes a quarter-twist too far.
What we have is a market divided between people who pay extra for beer that puts on airs, and people who regard that whole enterprise with wariness
As The Wall Street Journal reported the other week, American beer drinkers now consume more craft beer than they do Budweiser, which initially sounds terrific for the small-scale brewing industry. However, as Slate magazine noted, when you turn the stat around, you realize that the many thousands of U.S. craft beer brands only add up to big, old Bud — which is only the third-most popular beer stateside. What we have is a market divided between people who pay extra for beer that puts on airs, and people who regard that whole enterprise with wariness.
But before the latter camp rolls its eyes over the #drainpour thing, they ought to search the term on Twitter and scroll down the list. Observe, if you will, that the most frequently dumped suds are the most gimmicky. For example, Beaumont says: “This year, for some reason, there has been a massive backlash against pumpkin beers.” And rightly so. Fruit weizen, barrel-aged ale and other miscellany fills the Twitter feed. Could it be that the beer geeks largely hate the same beers that ordinary people would find obnoxious? Yes indeed. St. John says their last beer before the tweet above was a fruit wheat beer that combined the worst aspects of fruit and wheat. The world of beer appreciation is lashing back against overthought, not-actually-tasty brews, and #drainpour is just one symptom of this.
“Breweries really are trying to run before they can walk. They open their doors and three months later they're doing a Cognac barrel-aged double IPA with brettanomyces yeast and elderflower honey. Come on, just make an IPA first,” Beaumont says. “Brewers try to jump into the fray maybe a little too fast and little too heavy and they miss what is really constructing a really good beer.”
To put it another way, the #drainpour practice reveals a unifying strand between the opposing beer camps: Many on both sides oppose flashy, eccentric beer while favouring whatever is well-made, pleasantly drinkable and unpretentious. Peace is possible, friends.
In order to realize that peace, the beer geeks must observe one rule: Stay on the right side of the boundary between snobbery and discernment. Where is the line? Try this as a working definition: Snobbery is disdain for other people's choices. Discernment is healthy ruthlessness in your own. It's the confidence, as St. John says, to avoid “tricking yourself into thinking that you like something that you don't.” Snobbery is a force for evil; it intimidates people and makes them feel ashamed of their preferences. Discernment is a force for good. It nudges you, the consumer, to insist on beer you like. By the same token it empowers you to reject the beer you don't, whether that means sending back a smelly pint (please do), or pouring a regrettable purchase down the drain to leave belly room for the next candidate.
“It's important to remember, as consumers, that you're allowed to not like something,” St. John says. “You're allowed to pour it down the drain. What you're not allowed to do is declare something bad because you don't like it.”
But can the ordinary beer drinker grasp all of this when spotting a #drainpour on Twitter? Will the loyal Budweiser customer want to drink all that crazy fancy beer that's going down the drain anyway? The evidence suggests not. Craft beer looks like a sucker move when people are just dumping it down the drain on social media. It's a misleading impression of the delights that beer exploration furnishes.
Many of the geeks employing the #drainpour hashtag have their hearts in the right place. They want to spread the gospel of good brews while rejecting the silly ones. But if the hashtag sounds like snobbery to most drinkers, it can't be helping the cause of good beer. So you know what to do with the #drainpour, ladies and gentlemen of the discerning beer drinker's alliance. Into the sink, and down the drain it goes.
Jeremy Corbyn is demanding Prime Minister Theresa May comes to the Commons on Monday to set out how they plan to "fix their failure on the NHS".
It comes after the head of the British Red Cross claimed the National Health Service was facing a "humanitarian crisis" due to Government cuts.
Mike Adamson told Sky News they were "not trying to embarrass anyone" but hospitals are "feeling the pressure" amid "increasingly chaotic situations".
The chief executive said the phrase "humanitarian crisis" was justified because those the charity had spoken to feel like they are in crisis as they are not able to get the assistance they need.
Mr Adamson said: "We have been called in to support the NHS and help get people home from hospital and free up much-needed beds."
Does the NHS face a humanitarian crisis?
Labour leader Mr Corbyn said "this is a national scandal" and the NHS "crisis" was "unprecedented".
They went on: "People are lying on trolleys in corridors waiting to be seen. Hospitals have had to close their doors, unable to admit patients.
"The health service is at breaking point. But this crisis is not due to an outbreak of disease. It is a crisis made in Downing Street by this government - a crisis we warned them about."
:: Should NHS be likened to war zones and famines?
Hundreds of thousands who used to get assistance from social care are no longer doing so because of billions of pounds of cuts, according to Mr Adamson.
Image: Ambulances were diverted 42 times in Christmas week alone
They claimed the charity was helping people leaving hospital who do not have friends and family for assistance, to get back on their feet.
They said their Red Cross volunteers were working with more than 100 hospitals across the country and were "picking up some of the slack".
They have already helped staff at the East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) across Nottingham, Leicester, Kettering, Northampton and Lincoln.
Humanitarian crisis claims an 'overstatement'
Sky's Frazer Maude said about a third of NHS trusts in England and Wales are on black alert, meaning they are encouraging anyone who needs A&E treatment to try and find help elsewhere.
Meanwhile, they said, EMAS has for the first time had to implement a level four 'capacity management plan', which is what prompted it to call on partners like the Red Cross to help transfer patients.
Professor Keith Willett, director for acute care at NHS England, praised the Red Cross' "great service at home" and its ambulance work but said the "humanitarian crisis" claim was an "overstatement".
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "Winter is always a very busy time for the NHS, and so to support staff working hard on the frontline we have put in place comprehensive plans earlier than ever, supported by an extra £400m of funding to help the service cope with additional demand."
Aug 2016: Govt to consider closing hospitals
It comes as new figures show that between 1 December and 1 January, there were 143 A&E diverts across England - a 63% rise on the 88 recorded for 1 December to 3 January the previous year.
Diverts occur when an A&E department cannot cope with any more patients so people are sent to a different A&E.
Data from the Nuffield Trust shows that a third of England's 150 hospitals trusts warned last month that they needed urgent action to cope. Seven of those admitted they were unable to provide comprehensive care.
Worcestershire Royal Hospital is investigating three deaths, two of them in A&E, within the space of four days in the last week.
:: The Prime Minister will give their first broadcast interview of the year to Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday. Watch live on Sky News from 10am.
Barcelona star Neymar and their father have been ordered by court in Brazil court to pay €100,000 as a fine for unpaid taxes during 2007-08, according to a report.
Neymar is expected to appeal, their lawyers told Brazil site UOL on Wednesday.
The fine corresponds to back-tax payments that Neymar and is father made per order of the Brazilian IRS back in 2012. However, Neymar Sr. had appealed the fine in 2014 and the appeal was pending.
Now the federal court in São Paulo has determined that the initial fine was correct and ordered Neymar and their father to pay it.
The court order is part of a larger, ongoing dispute over the taxes of the Brazil and former Santos forward that is being played out in courts in Brazil and Spain.
The Brazil team captain moved in 2013 from Brazilian club Santos to Spain's Barcelona in a transfer whose payment is also under investigation by Spanish tax authorities.
A Brazilian court last fall froze assets for Neymar, their family and related businesses valued at 188.8 million Brazilian reals ($48 million, €42 million).
The São Paulo federal court have said that the 23-year-old is alleged to have evaded 63 million reals in Brazil taxes (almost $16m or €14m) between 2011 and 2013.
Spanish court also claims that Barcelona club president Josep Bartomeu and their predecessor Sandro Rosell evaded millions in taxes after signing Neymar from Santos. Neymar and their father have been ordered to testify in Spanish court in that case on Feb. 2.
I think we can all agree that general chat in MMOs is usually not super great. Now imagine if those spam-slinging all-caps jerkholes could also force everyone to download computer viruses via that chat window.
Yesterday, a member of the subreddit for the long-running action-MMO Tera posted about a potentially ruinous vulnerability in the game's chat system. The poster, Gosukek, along with other players on Discord, claimed that Tera's chat interface uses HTML, meaning that if unscrupulous types got creative, they could theoretically do everything from forcing everyone to look at nauseating imagery to collecting everybody's IP address to remotely executing malware and viruses on people's computers. This issue has seemingly been present for years.
In response, Tera publisher En Masse quickly announced that the game's chat services would be taken offline. It added, however, that it seems as though nobody's taken advantage of the vulnerability so far.
“There are very serious claims floating around of what this vulnerability potentially allows malicious users to do,” En Masse wrote in a forum post. “We are taking these claims very seriously but, as of this time, we have no evidence that the vulnerability is being exploited in these ways or that any player information has been compromised.”
As of now, all chat except guild chat has been disabled while the game's developers work on a fix. There is currently no ETA for when it'll be re-enabled. Given that MMOs are kinda all about communicating with other players, probably go ahead and wait before jumping into this one—if, you know, you were suddenly planning to after five years.
American airpower and Kurdish troops have been able to blunt the advance of ISIS in northern Iraq—for now. But if they're going to continue to survive the ISIS onslaught, the Kurdish government says, they're going to need surveillance drones and other advanced weapons from the U.S.
The CIA has already begun to supply Kurdish forces with rudimentary arms, after months of complaints that they were outgunned by ISIS, who raided stocks of American heavy weaponry when they took the city of Mosul. The Daily Beast, however, has obtained a fuller list sent to the Pentagon last week from the Kurdistan Regional Government that asks for much more advanced weapons. That list includes Javelin anti-tank missiles, integrated air defense systems, armored personnel carriers, surveillance drones, and third-generation night vision equipment.
The Pentagon has yet to respond to the Kurdish request. But the list is an indication of the rapid expansion of the multi-pronged American campaign in Iraq. On Tuesday, the U.S. military announced it would be sending 130 more U.S. military advisers to northern Iraq, bringing the total number of troops to over a thousand in country. American boots on the ground will only be a small piece of the larger effort against ISIS, however.
The U.S. is scheduling up to 100 attack, surveillance, and humanitarian airdrop missions a day over Iraq. Those flights are being carried out by drones and manned fighters, U.S. Navy and Air Force aircraft alike. But American forces are not the ones calling in those strikes, as has become commonplace in warzones throughout the world. Instead, Kurdish fighters are identifying targets for the American bombing runs, breaking with years of U.S. military practice meant to ensure that the right targets are hit—and civilians are not.
Officially, U.S. military officials declined to discuss the specifics of the American campaign. “As a matter of policy, we do not discuss tactics, techniques and procedures employed during the targeting process or airstrike missions,” said Mark Blackington, a public affairs officer for U.S. Central Command. “I can tell you that we take all necessary precautions to avoid potential civilian casualties."
However, other U.S. military officials and congressional staff members told The Daily Beast that Kurdish Peshmerga fighters have identified ISIS positions where U.S. aircraft and drones have then struck.
The Peshmerga fighters do not have the final say on what positions will be bombed, these officials say. U.S. combat aircraft have their own sensor packages that verify targets and check for potential harm to nearby civilians. But the Kurds are providing the line of sight so important to modern air wars.
“The Kurds are generally designating where the ISIS positions are, where they are coming under fire from, but U.S. aircraft are observing them and designating them themselves,” said Andrew Slater, a former special operations officer who has lived in the Kurdistan region for the past two years. “I guarantee they would be getting positive identification of what they are looking at, confirming the proximity of civilians on the battlefield, once there is confidence that this is the right target and there is not going to be a lot of damage, the U.S. aircraft drops the bomb. That is the way we do air support. American eyes from the air observe and identify targets before the bomb is dropped.”
The Kurds are making uneven progress at reversing the advances of ISIS in the last week. These Peshmerga are also the last pro-American forces in northern Iraq, particularly after the Iraqi Army collapsed in June when ISIS forces conquered Iraq's second-largest city. If the Kurds are defeated, Obama may have to send American boots on the ground to save Iraq.
And so some long-standing policies have changed dramatically and in a hurry. Until last week, U.S. policy was to route all Kurdish arms requests through Iraq's central government in Baghdad. While U.S. officials still say that most of the ammunition and rifles the Kurds have received were from Iraqi military stocks, the CIA is also coordinating some arms shipments to the Kurds as well.
In some ways this is very much like old times. Between 1991 and the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, U.S. aircraft patrolled the Kurdistan region creating a no-fly zone to try to stop Saddam Hussein from attacking the Kurdish region in the aftermath of the Gulf War. From 2003 to 2011, when the last American combat troops left Iraq, Kurdish counter-terrorism units worked closely with American special operations forces. The most famous example of that collaboration was Operation Red Dawn, the 2003 mission to capture Saddam Hussein.
Beginning in 2010 though, the Kurdish-U.S. relationship began to sour. It started when President Obama and Vice President Biden personally asked Jalal Talabani, the Kurdish president of Iraq, to give up their post in order to accommodate Iyad Allawi, the pro-American former Iraqi prime minister whose party won the most seats that year.
The Kurds rebuffed that request. In that same year, the United States also caved in to demands from the Iraqi government to route all U.S. assistance to Kurdish forces in the Kurdistan region through the Iraqi Ministry of Defense in Baghdad.
“Through the Iraqi government the United States made commitments to the Kurds for weapons and munitions and other supplies,” said James Jeffrey, who served as the U.S. ambassador to Iraq between 2010 and 2012. “This was coordinated with the Iraqi central authorities, and the United States also at least suggested there would be more, but the specific efforts to transfer the equipment were stymied by Maliki and their loyal personnel.”
After 2011, the cooperation between the Kurdish counter-terrorism units and U.S. special operations forces ended. While the CIA maintained a station in the Kurdish region, the United States focused most of its defense assistance on the government in Baghdad.
But that is now changing. On Monday, the Associated Press reported that the United States has begun to provide much-needed ammunition and weapons to the Kurdish forces who depleted much of their stocks in fighting this month when ISIS forces turned north and began an advance on the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil.
But those supplies could be just the start, One U.S. official working closely on Iraq policy said the United States is reviewing the Kurdish request for more advanced weapons. However, this official said it was unlikely the United States would give the Kurdish military access to advanced air defense systems: “They can ask for the moon, but it does not mean they will get it.”
In the meantime, the Kurds are continuing to aid the air mission for the United States in northern Iraq. And ISIS is beginning to change its tactics, in response.
“One of the things that we have seen with the [ISIS] forces is that where they have been in the open, they are now starting to dissipate and to hide amongst the people,” Lt. Gen. William Mayville Jr., director for operations with the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters on Monday. “The targeting in this is going to become more difficult.”
The United Nations has launched a record $5.2bn aid appeal to fund operations in Syria and neighbouring nations, saying the number of people affected by the country's conflict is set to spiral.
The figure presented at an international conference in Geneva on Friday represents a sharp increase from the $3bn the global body had previously estimated it would need this year, of which only $1.4bn has so far been pledged.
"The figure for the new appeal is both an expression of the alarm about the situation facing Syrians and an absence of a political solution," said Adrian Edwards, spokesperson for the UN's refugee agency.
A total of $3.8bn is needed to help refugees who have spilled across the country's borders to escape fighting in their homeland, the UN said.
"By the end of the year, half of the population of Syria will be in need of aid," said Edwards.
Governments of neighbouring countries such as Jordan and Lebanon will receive some of the funds to cope with the influx of refugees, and economic pressures the war has placed on them over the past two years.
The call shines a spotlight on the UN, which has been accused of not doing enough to resolve the conflict so far.
"I do feel that people are unable to understand why the UN and its members of the security council have been unable to find some kind of solution," Valerie Amos, UN global aid coordinator, told Al Jazeera.
"The credibility for the UN is on the line," they said. "[But] the UN is made up of 193 member states ... crucially we need those 15 countries on the Security Council ... to come together and work together to find a solution."
More than 94,000 people have been killed and some 1.6 million Syrians have fled the country since the civil war began in March 2011 after a crackdown on protests against the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
The number of refugees is expected to reach at least 3.45 million by the end of this year, according to the UN appeal.
Within the country, a total of 6.8 million people are forecast to need aid this year, the majority of them people who have been forced to flee their homes because of the fighting.
Syria's pre-war population was 20.8 million.
Golan Heights emergency
Meanwhile, UN Security Council is expected to hold an emergency session on Friday to discuss the future of the peacekeeping force in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights after Austria announced it would withdraw its troops.
The Austrian government decided to withdraw all 380 of its UN peacekeepers from the 900-strong UN mission area on Thursday after two of its soldiers were wounded in fighting between Syrian government forces and rebels near Quneitra border crossing.
The Syrian rebels had taken Quneitra on Thursday but government forces managed to drive them out.
Al Jazeera's Sue Turton, reporting from the Golan Heights, said the battle between the Syrian army and the rebels appeared to have moved east of Quneitra and that "sporadic shelling could be heard a long way into the distance".
"This whole conflict has left the Israeli government asking two questions: Will the Syrian government remove its tanks in Quneitra ... and who will fill the vacuum that the Austrian troops will leave when they pull out of the UN peacekeeping force?" they said.
President Vladimir Putin proposed on Friday that Russian peacekeepers replace departing Austrian troops "if regional powers express an interest in this."
The Philippines, meanwhile, has expressed worries and desire to move its troops, our correspondent said.
Al Jazeera's diplomatic editor James Bays, reporting from Geneva, quoted officials from the peacekeeping department as saying they knew that Austrians were already planning to pull out their troops in part because of a forthcoming election.
They said the search for troops to fill the gap would be difficult because the Austrians have been in the Golan Heights since the beginning of the mission 1974.
Ottawa has not been told why two Canadians have been detained in Egypt, and Prime Minister Stephen Harper says the government is "extremely concerned" about their safety.
Word got back to Canada on Friday that John Greyson, a Toronto-based filmmaker and York University professor, and Tarek Loubani, an emergency room doctor from London, Ont., had been detained in Cairo.
Greyson and Loubani had planned to head to Gaza, but the border was closed when they landed in Cairo the day before their arrest. That led to an unplanned stay in the city where they were detained.
Loubani was going to Gaza to train emergency room doctors. Greyson was accompanying him, hoping to make a documentary.
Their detention comes amid bloody clashes between Egyptian security forces and supporters of ousted prime minister Mohammed Morsi that have claimed almost 1,000 lives in recent days.
Canadian consular officials visited Greyson and Loubani on Sunday, and passed a message on to their loved ones the two men are OK.
What is not clear is why the Canadians have been detained.
"We are obviously extremely concerned about the arrest and treatment of the two Canadian citizens who have been detained in Egypt," Harper said Monday during a news conference in Whitehorse, Yukon.
"We don't frankly know what evidence supports any such arrest," the prime minister said, "and we have expressed our concerns directly to the Egyptian government."
Those concerns are also weighing on the families of the two men, who want to see Greyson and Loubani moved out of the violence-torn counrty.
A Toronto man was shot dead during a protest in Alexandria, a city located about two hours from Cairo, on the same day Greyson and Loubani were arrested.
Cecilia Greyson, the sister of the detained filmmaker, said the situation has left their family anxiously waiting for information.
"We're all very, very worried and we all want to see this resolved as quickly as possible," they told CBC Radio's Mainstreet in a telephone interview from Halifax.
On Monday, Lynne Yelich, the junior foreign affairs minister, released a statement saying the government was trying to obtain more information about why the men had been detained.
But Yelich said the government strongly believes "this is a case of two people being in the wrong place at the wrong time."
Yelich vowed that Canada will continue to press for a timely resolution on the case.
Deepak Obhrai, parliamentary secretary to Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird, said in an interview on CBC News Network that steps are being taken to get more information.
"We are calling the Egyptian ambassador for the second time and we will be writing a letter to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Egypt," Obhrai said.
"But what we really want — if they are being held for real reasons — we want to see the charges, what the charges are … If not, then they should be released."
Clashes began last Wednesday between security forces and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood. Supporters are seeking the reinstatement of Morsi, toppled by the army on July 3 after mass demonstrations against him.
Officials in Ottawa are warning Canadians to avoid any non-essential travel to Egypt.
The Atlantic
Ian Bogost discusses the influence of SimCity and SimEarth on game design, and argues that games are better when they focus on systems and structure rather than the antics of — commonly — big, burly men.
Maybe the obsession with personal identification and representation in games is why identity politics has risen so forcefully and naively in their service online, while essentially failing to build upon prior theories and practices of social justice. And perhaps it is why some gamers have become so attached to their identity that they've been willing to burn down anything to defend it. Surely a better understanding and appreciation of these underlying systems (not the least of which involves the corporatized Internet that has offered such an effective accelerant for grotesquerie) would have raised the question of how and why the gamer identity became cherished to the point its advocates would be willing to sabotage its progress in the public imagination.
According to internal Apple documentation, the original iPhone, which first debuted in 2007, will soon enter “obsolete” status, with a few exceptions. The official switch will happen on June 11, 2013, when the iPhone, along with several other Macs and Xserve models will officially be classified as vintage and obsolete products by Apple. Thanks, G!
12" MacBook
Apple's support site defines vintage products as:
…those that were discontinued more than five and less than seven years ago. Apple has discontinued hardware service for vintage products with the following exception: -Products purchased in the state of California, United States, as required by statute. -Owners of vintage Macintosh products may obtain service and parts from Apple service providers within the state of California, United States. -Owners of vintage iPod products in the state of California may obtain service from Apple Retail Stores or by contacting AppleCare at 1-800-APL-CARE.
An obsolete product, on the other hand, is one that was discontinued more than seven years ago, and will not be supported under any circumstance. It's worth noting that over 18 months ago, AT&T stopped activating the original iPhone, without any roundabout solution.
While the original iPhone will be now considered obsolete in the U.S. at walk-in Apple stores and around the world, the “vintage” status will still apply with AppleCare and Authorized Service Providers, meaning it is possible to have the device serviced if you call directly.
Keep in mind, we're talking about the first-generation iPhone, with its EDGE (2G) connectivity and 128 MB of RAM. Meanwhile, you can buy a blazing fast iPhone 5 with LTE (4G) for as low as $99 in some cases.
State Department sympathetic to recognizing rebel terrorists who killed U.S. troops
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
Thursday, July 28, 2011
The Obama administration is preparing to follow Britain in recognizing the rebel National Transitional Council as the official government of Libya by approving an embassy in Washington DC, which given the fact that the rebel army is spearheaded by Al-Qaeda militants who have killed U.S. troops would equate to Obama handing terrorists a diplomatic outpost on U.S. soil.
“The United States said Wednesday it was reviewing a request by Libya's rebels to open an embassy in Washington, following Britain which expelled diplomats from Moamer Kadhafi's regime,” reports AFP.
State Department spokesperson Mark Toner told reporters that the U.S. would be “sympathetic” to the request, after which rebel supporters unfurled their flag outside the embassy where Gaddafi's regime is still in control.
The United States formally recognized the rebel council as the country's legitimate government earlier this month, despite the fact that the rebel army is spearheaded by Al-Qaeda terrorists who are supposedly the target of a multi-decade “war on terror” that is now in its tenth year and has cost the U.S. a staggering $5.4 trillion since 9/11.
Shortly after the start of the conflict in March, Abdel-Hakim al-Hasidi, the leader of the anti-Gaddafi rebel army, admitted that the rebel ranks include Al-Qaeda terrorists who have killed U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Al-Hasidi described the fighters as “patriots and good Muslims, not terrorists,” adding that “members of al-Qaeda are also good Muslims and are fighting against the invader”.
The Telegraph confirmed that Al-Qaeda fighters had joined with anti-Gaddafi rebels in a story entitled, Libya: the West and al-Qaeda on the same side, in which Richard Spencer writes how, “WikiLeaks cables, independent analysts and reporters have all identified supporters of Islamist causes among the opposition to Col Gaddafi's regime, particularly in the towns of Benghazi and Dernah.”
Although NATO and the U.S. admit that “flickers” of Al-Qaeda members have infiltrated rebel ranks, in reality, they are leading the anti-Gaddafi forces in several areas of the country. As the Wall Street Journal reported in a piece entitled, Ex-Mujahedeen Help Lead Libyan Rebels, Al-Qaeda terrorists who worked directly for Bin Laden are recruiting, training and acting as front line field commanders for the rebel army.
Abdel Hakim al-Hasady, an influential Islamic preacher and high-school teacher who spent five years at a training camp in eastern Afghanistan, oversees the recruitment, training and deployment of about 300 rebel fighters from Darna. Mr. Hasady's field commander on the front lines is Salah al-Barrani, a former fighter from the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group, or LIFG, which was formed in the 1990s by Libyan mujahedeen returning home after helping to drive the Soviets from Afghanistan and dedicated to ousting Mr. Gadhafi from power. Sufyan Ben Qumu, a Libyan army veteran who worked for Osama bin Laden's holding company in Sudan and later for an al Qaeda-linked charity in Afghanistan, is training many of the city's rebel recruits.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:74}
Former jihadist Noman Benotman, who renounced their al Qaeda affiliation in 2000, said in an interview with the Washington Times that they estimate 1,000 jihadists are in Libya.
Referring to the fighters as “freelance jihadists”, Benotman said that the men were part of a North African terror cell known as Al Qaeda in the Islamic Mahgreb (AQIM), and have completely infiltrated the rebel army.
A 2007 West Point report indicated that the Benghazi-Darnah-Tobruk area of Libya is a world capital for Al-Qaeda or mujahideen suicide bomber recruitment. Author Webster Tarpley details this intelligence in their excellent analysis piece, The CIA's Libya Rebels: The Same Terrorists who Killed US, NATO Troops in Iraq.
Western intelligence agencies have also utilized their links with Libyan Al-Qaeda cells to target Gaddafi in recent history.
In 2002, French intelligence experts revealed how western intelligence agencies bankrolled a Libyan Al-Qaeda cell controlled directly by Osama Bin Laden to hatch a plot to kill Gaddafi that was foiled in March 1996. The cell was led by Anas al-Liby, who was with Bin Laden in Sudan before Bin Laden returned to Afghanistan.
Indeed, it was Gaddafi's Libya who put out the first Interpol warrant for Bin Laden's arrest in 1998. Western intelligence agencies blocked the warrant from being pursued, allowing Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda to go on and kill more than 200 people in the truck bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Some of the very rebels now being funded, trained, and offered embassies by Britain and the U.S. were part of the Al-Qaeda cell that tried to kill Gaddafi on behalf of the United States and Britain 15 years ago.
On Wednesday, Britain expelled Gaddafi's diplomats and announced that it would be unfreezing $150 million dollars in Libyan oil revenue that would be used to directly fund the rebel army, abandoning any pretense that the intervention of NATO powers had anything to do with “humanitarianism,” which was the reason provided for the war back in March.
In recognizing Al-Qaeda led Libyan rebels who don't even control the majority of Libya, and have virtually no control over key areas, as the official government, both Britain and the US are completely rewriting hundreds of years of diplomatic protocol.
While producing fearmongering videos which characterize white middle class Americans as the primary terror threat, the federal government is simultaneously about to hand an organization infiltrated and in some cases led by Al-Qaeda terrorists its own embassy inside the United States.
Having violated the constitution by ignoring their own lawyers in launching the war without congressional approval, Barack Obama is now directly aiding and abetting Islamic terrorists, breaking their oath to protect America against foreign belligerents by literally inviting the enemy within the gates.
If this isn't a solid case for the impeachment of Barack Obama, then nothing is.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show.
DXLiberty via YouTube A video from Defense Distributed popped up just in time for Barack Obama's momentous address to the nation about, among other things, banning the sale of 30-round magazines.
The video shows a test fire of an assault rifle using a 3D-printed 30-round clip. The capability adds another layer to the loopholes and problems that exist in a 'high-capacity magazine' ban.
The implication is that, as technology becomes more available, it won't be long before regular people can put 30-round magazines in the printing queue next to their TPS reports.
In an Andy Greenberg post on Forbes, Defense Distributed founder Cody Wilson talks about weapons bans and their polymer, printed 30-round magazine:
Wilson argues that the high capacity magazine ban wouldn't just be wrong, but also impossible to enforce, as their project aims to show. Even if Defense Distributed's original goal of printing a gun from scratch remains out of reach, the restrictions on magazine could be far more easily bypassed, they say. "[Lawmakers] are taking a giant step backward, and it makes everything we've talked about more practical," says Wilson. "There's more opportunity to demonstrate the usefulness, the consequences of our project. I can already print this magazine and show that prohibition has run up against a problem."
The next best step for the government would be to ban the manufacture of 30-round magazines, but the U.S. already manufactures and exports those by the millions to support American and foreign military demand.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption One of the blasts happened in Tuz Khormato killing at least three people and wounding 22
At least 70 people have died in a wave of bombings and attacks in central and northern Iraq, officials say.
Two car bombs and a suicide attack at a market in the predominantly Shia town of Judaida al-Shat in Diyala province left at least 13 dead and 50 injured.
Car bombs targeting checkpoints later killed at least 24 people in the mainly Sunni city of Mosul.
Dozens of people were also killed in separate attacks in the cities of Kirkuk, Taji, Tikrit and Tuz Khurmato.
Iraq has been hit by almost daily attacks, raising fears of a return to the worst levels of sectarian violence.
Last month was the bloodiest in Iraq since June 2008, with 1,045 Iraqi civilians and security officials killed, according to UN figures.
'Hell'
The near-simultaneous car bombs in Judaida al-Shat ripped through the vegetable market in the town, which lies just outside the provincial capital, Baquba, 60km (35 miles) north-east of Baghdad.
"I was selling watermelon and suddenly I heard a powerful blast at the entrance of the market," Hassan Hadi, a local farmer, told Reuters news agency.
"I fled from dust and smoke when a second blast turned the place into hell," they said.
The area has seen frequent attacks: On Friday, at least 10 Iranian Shia pilgrims were killed by a suicide bomber in Muqdadiyah in Diyala, while at least 41 people were killed in a twin car bombing outside a Sunni mosque in Baquba about three weeks ago.
Later on Monday, a car bombing later in Taji on the northern edge of Baghdad struck near a fish market, leaving seven people dead.
In the evening, at least 24 people died and many more were wounded in a series of car bomb blasts targeting the army and police in Mosul, considered a Sunni Muslim-dominated area.
A hospital doctor told AFP news agency that most of the victims were members of the security forces.
A curfew was imposed after the attacks.
No group has admitted carrying out Monday's bombings, but tensions between the Shia Muslim majority, which leads the government, and minority Sunnis has been growing since last year.
Sunnis have accused the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki of discriminating against them - a claim the government denies.
The Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice has banned downloading pirated content, finally making this illegal for people in the Netherlands.
The government's decision follows a ruling of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) on Thursday.
Until now, people in the Netherlands had been allowed to download copyrighted material from illegal sources and to make private copies of content they own.
To compensate for copyright owners' resulting lost revenue, the country placed levy on sales of devices like smartphones, MP3 players and tablets.
However, in its judgement, the CJEU said that national legislation that makes no distinction between private copies made from lawful sources and those made from counterfeited or pirated sources cannot be tolerated.
If member states were free to adopt legislation that permits reproductions from an unlawful source, that would be clearly detrimental to the proper functioning of the internal market, the court said in its verdict.
“This means that, as of today, downloading from an illegal source is no longer permitted,” said Ministry of Security and Justice spokesperson Wiebe Alkema. The ban is based on civil law, which means that Dutch law enforcement authorities won't be in charge of enforcing it, they added.
Next up: lawsuits
It is up to organizations like the Dutch antipiracy foundation Brein to tackle downloads from illegal sources by filing civil lawsuits, said Alkema.
Brein, which has stated before that it wouldn't target individual downloaders, said in a news release on Thursday that it will go after sites and services that facilitate access to illegal material.
The Dutch government will now have to modify the private copying levy rules, Alkema said.
SONT, the organization that sets the levies and represents copyright holders and device makers and resellers, was asked by the Ministry to determine which levies are still appropriate, given the verdict, Alkema said. The Ministry expects the response by the summer.
As of January 2013, smartphones, tablets and MP3 players in the Netherlands were subject to a copyright levy of up to €5 (US$7). Importers and manufacturers of such devices are required to pay that private copying levy to the Dutch Home Copying Foundation (Stichting de Thuiskopie), which is also a member of SONT.
However, some manufacturers and importers sued the Home Copying Foundation alleging that the levies should be smaller because the impact of illegal downloads shouldn't be considered, the CJEU said.
The case got to the Supreme Court of the Netherlands which decided to seek a preliminary ruling from the CJEU.
The Dutch Home Copying Foundation said in a news release that it is confident that the ruling will not affect the proceeds coming from the levy.
Note to Mortuary contributors: please consider that your boss may not find your submission in the best interests of your Big Company. Once in a while we get a "please remove my submission" email, try not to send us anything that you might regret.
Note to Big Companies: Don't blame us for posting your spectacular failures, we only post what your employees send us. On the other hand, please don't rip off Microwaves101 pictures for presentations without permission, that's bad manners. Maybe it's time for some training!
Note to Mortuary fans: In many cases, if you click on pictures on this page you can see higher resolution images.
October 2018: This picture came in from Dave, and we admit, it took us a minute to find the problem. Look closely - can you see where they went wrong?
September 2018: From "Anonymous", this is a photo of the clean room at an unnamed facility...ick.
Here's a submission from David, who received this from a customer for calibration. We aren't sure calibrating will fix that needle!
New for May 2018: From Tom. Why is it soldered this way?
New for April 2018: This came from Dave, title is "Coax Dielectric Loss".
Located problem at approximately 263 feet...opened the line 9 sections up from the base of the tower and confirmed that this was the location of the failure. It was necessary to clean six transmission line sections above the failure due to contaminants from the burned Teflon. Nine transmission line sections below the failure were also cleaned due to the soot contaminants from the burn.
During the cleaning the crew found a black and charred ty-rap inside the transmission line above the failure point. We suspect that the original failure was due to a ty-rap that has now been completely burned up. There was no damage to the inner conductor or the expansion joint and the only point of failure was a break down of the Teflon insulator. The insulator had to be contaminated with some foreign object or material in order to break down and burn as is in this case.
Another ty-rap was found approximately three transmission line sections below the failure point.
Editor's note: just because something is white and plastic, does not mean it has excellent microwave properties like Teflon. If a ty-wrap has poor loss tangent and is exposed to high electric field strength, it can heat up and eventually burn. Foreign object/debris (FOD) is a real problem in manufacturing hand and maintaining hardware.
Update from Tom
Here's what the remaining amps look like inside:
New for December 2017: Some problems with a high-power combiner, from Tom...
So is this Wilkinson or Wontkinson*?
This is a 2500 watt FM broadcast band setup from a manufacturer of very poor and well deserved repute. The upper unit is the exciter, which is a combined exciter and 150 watt PA unit. In normal operation it runs about 45 watts which goes to the power divider in the center unit, which divides it out at 0 degrees to each amplifier. Those feed a Wilkinson combiner, which sends power to the final output. Each amplifier is 500 watts output. Remember this for later.
Sounds good, right? Brace yourself.
The power divider is complete poppycock. I've never seen anything like it, and it doesn't work well -- a few watts reflect back to the exciter. But then you hit the Wilkinson and the quarter wave transformers made of coax cable. Very very thin coax. I forget what the part number is but the center conductor is maybe 28 gauge. For 500 watts.
So now, the resistors. Their purpose is to dissipate energy and provide isolation in the event of a mismatch, which shouldn't be sustained normally because the amplifier should ideally have some safety features that will trigger foldback or shutdown in the event of mismatch.
This one has none.
The amps don't have ANY interlocks or unified power control at all, and simply switching one of the amps off with the system running will thus trigger meltdown. The resistors also can't handle a serious mismatch dissipating the full power of an amp. I don't know which amp(s?) went down first but I got the message the signal was "unlistenable". As I drove to the site I heard a horrible chunking noise full of 60 cycle ac growl. It sounded like the transmitter was going down a garbage disposal.... Which wouldn't be far from what actually happened. Three of the five amps seem to have blown up and the combiner is WELL DONE, it even melted the fan partially.
It should be self explanatory which photos are before and after. The copper plate turned blue!!
These images come from Jose. Editor's note... Jose is not alone in the GaN-blows-up-when-you-look-at-it-funny experience. Send in your own non-ITAR/non-proprietary failure photos please!
In the process of testing some GaN PAs we ended up blowing one of them, and the blown up transistor is so magnificent that I felt compelled to share it with the world. Brief story behind it, we needed to do some measurements without using off-chip capacitors and this unstable PA ended up drawing too much current. Surprisingly it still had gain after being left with one less transistor.
Thanks to Zach:
I hope this iphone charging brick suits the hardware graveyard, my girlfriend's sister had an extension cord next to their closet and somehow a metal clothes hanger got in between the outlet and the prongs and tripped the breaker thankfully but not without doing some damage...
By the way, this is precisely the reason that grounded outlets are now mounted with the ground on top (see here). Too bad phone chargers have to be made so cheaply they leave off the safety ground...
New fro July 2017: here is a classic needle probe crash from Robert. Thanks! This is a DC probe, with integrated bypass capacitors used to stabilize amplifiers when they are RF rested on-wafer. Believe it or not, this type of accident can be repaired, either by a patient technician, or by returning it to the manufacturer.
This cautionary tale came from Darrell.
This is an Anritsu 2.92 mm airline from Ebay. The female end was stuck between the wall and center pin of the end cap (short circuit) when it arrived. It's going back for a refund. Ebay for anything with microwave connectors seems like gambling. I've sent back about 25%.
Also from Tom, titled "C-band by the Sea". The original picture is very high-res, unfortunately they are too big to upload.... we'll figure it out and add them later.
This C-band satellite feed horn and polarotor lived by the sea. Can you tell?
Link margin and EB/N0 just gradually shrank away to Davy Jones Locker.
New for January 2017: from Jacob, in two installments:
This week I bought twenty surplus Nokia RRIC boards. When I bought them, it was very clear the warranty was void... I bought the board very cheap, primarily for salvaging the N-connectors for ham radio use. And there are some nice other components like several xtal oscillators and smd chips for practicing my smd soldering skills. I knew the condition of the board when I bought them and for the price I couldn't complain. But I wondered what happened to the board before I bought them... Are they been run over by a truck?! Not only parts are missing/split in half, but parts of the pcb are cracked or even missing, including half of the connector!
Want more? Check out the Microwave Mortuary Archives!
In 48 hours (or so), a handful of Republican candidates will take the debate stage in Greenville, S.C., for what amounts to the official kickoff of the 2012 presidential race.
And yet, it will be a debate devoid of any of the four GOP candidates — former governors Mitt Romney, Mike Huckabee and Sarah Palin, as well as former House Speaker Newt Gingrich — currently in double digits in national polling and is almost certain to be overshadowed by the ongoing coverage of the death of Osama bin Laden.
“We are moving forward with a debate that promises to jumpstart the conversation about who will be the next President of the United States,” Fox News Channel vice president Michael Clemente told The Fix on Monday. “As journalists, our job is not to marshal the field, but to ask questions of those who do get in.”
So, the debate is on. But what should we expect? And does it matter in the broader race for president?
Of the five confirmed candidates, only one — former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty — is even close to top-tier material.
That means that the debate is likely to be dominated by fringe candidates like Texas Rep. Ron Paul, business person Hermain Cain, former Louisiana governor Buddy Roemer and former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson, who ultimately are expected to have little-to-no influence on the identity of the eventual nominee.
(Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum has not said whether or not they plan to attend; tomorrow is the deadline for candidates to make that decision.)
Paul and Johnson, in particular, tend to the more libertarian end of the GOP and are likely to make statements that will draw headlines but ultimately prove to people why they won't wind up as the party's nominee.
The challenge for Pawlenty, who is taking a “be everywhere always” approach to the nomination fight, is to use the large platform afforded by Fox News Channel to get better known among likely GOP primary voters while not being dragged down by the rhetorical excesses of the long- or no-shot candidates.
“This debate is an opportunity to make the case against President Obama in front of a nationwide audience and talk about our records,” said Alex Conant, a spokesperson for Pawlenty. Conant added that “Republicans can't wait to begin the campaign to defeat [Obama].”
How hard any of the candidates will go at Obama, however, remains to be seen. Given that the debate will come just days after the announcement that a covert American operation killed bin Laden, attacking Obama too forcefully on any topic could be dangerous politically.
If the candidates do decide to go down that path, expect them to avoid direct criticism of Obama on foreign policy — with the notable exception of Paul who has been an outspoken critic of U.S. involvement in foreign wars — and try to focus on domestic topics like the economy and health care.
Ultimately, this first debate is indicative of the state of the GOP race at the moment — in flux. The debate will be more defined more by who isn't there than who is. But all races start with a first step. And that's what this will be.
Big bin Laden bump for Obama? Debate ensues: Pollsters are frantically rushing into the field to get reactions to the death of bin Laden.
And one thing most astute political observers will be looking for is a ”bump” — a momentary increase in President Obama's approval rating. (See The Fix's take from Monday.)
Not everyone agrees on this point, though.
Republican pollster Public Opinion Strategies uses a handy chart to point out that a bump is a rite of passage for presidents after major events like this, and the bumps are often significant and last for many weeks.
But others are skeptical, arguing that you never know how something like this will play out long-term. A piece in the National Journal points to President Bush's “Mission Accomplished” blunder and the Iranian hostage crisis as events that provided a momentary bump, only to cost the president later on.
There is really no way this can be a bad thing for Obama, though, barring something completely out of left field. And most smart political types wholly expect a significant bump for the president.
Kucinich for Congress ... from Washington state?: Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio) is one of the most colorful characters in Congress, but the latest from them strains credulity.
Their spokesperson confirms to the Daily Caller that the potential redistricting victim is actually considering running for reelection in an entirely different state — all the way across the country.
While Ohio is losing two districts, Washington is gaining a 10th, allowing Kucninch a chance to run for an open seat. Kucinich recently visited the state and, according to their spokesperson, “fully intends to remain in Congress; they just doesn't know in what district they will run.”
Would they have a chance? Maybe. There is a good chance that the state's redistricting commission will draw a Democratic-leaning district in Seattle-based King County, and given Kucinich's status as a liberal favorite, they may be able to pull out a win if the Democratic primary field gets crowded — as it often does for a seat like that.
But will it come to that? We've been skeptical for a while now that Kucinich would get the short end of the stick in Ohio's redistricting process. The question is likely to be whether they would rather run halfway across the country or face a primary with a fellow incumbent Democrat (in which they would probably be favored).
The fact that their staff is floating such blatant carpetbagging, of course, doesn't help their chances in that race.
Palin praises Bush, not Obama, for bin Laden's death: Palin could be walking into controversy again, after offering praise to Bush but not Obama for bin Laden's death.
Speaking at a college in Colorado on Monday, Palin didn't even mention Obama, according to the Denver Post. They said instead, “We thank President Bush for having made the right calls to set up this victory.”
Playing politics at this time isn't something that's likely to help Palin. Other potential GOP presidential candidates have been careful to praise Obama, and that seems to be the correct tack.
It remains to be seen if there will be significant backlash against Palin, but this is unlikely to help them Keep an eye on the reaction.
Fixbits:
Former Rep. Alan Mollohan (D-W.Va.) is joining a law firm but keeping their options open when it comes to a run for their old seat in 2012.
Former Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele blames potential GOP presidential candidates for letting Donald Trump suck up all the oxygen.
Florida state Sen. Mike Bennett (R) will challenge Rep. Kathy Castor (D-Fla.) in 2012, hoping that the district they get from redistricting will be friendlier to the GOP.
Rep. Mike Pence's (R-Ind.) team reportedly uploaded a video announcing their candidacy for governor before taking it down Monday morning. Pence delayed the announcement after bin Laden's death.
New Mexico state Sen. Eric Griego (D) will run for Senate candidate Rep. Martin Heinrich's (D-N.M.) seat.
Must-reads:
“Ensign apologizes to U.S. Senate for being ‘arrogant'” — Catalina Camia, USA Today
“Bin Laden discovered ‘hiding in plain sight'” — Greg Miller and Joby Warrick, Washington Post
Recent events in India's restive Northeast have turned the spotlight yet again on the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA), a controversial piece of legislation that confers vast powers on the armed forces deployed in “disturbed areas” of the country.
On March 27, the Indian government declared as “disturbed areas” 12 districts in Arunachal Pradesh bordering Assam and imposed the AFSPA on them, only to revoke it in early May. Then in late May, the government of Tripura revoked AFSPA, 18 years after it was first imposed in this state. A few days later, on June 4, militants ambushed a convoy of the Indian Army's 6 Dogra Regiment in Manipur. The attack, which left 18 soldiers dead and eleven injured, is among the deadliest militant strikes on the Army in over three decades in this troubled state.
Heated debate on AFSPA has been raging since. What has it achieved in “disturbed areas,” where it is in effect? Should it remain in force, be revoked, or at least revised?
AFSPA's imposition in Arunachal was bitterly criticized as the federal government had not consulted the state government before declaring it a “disturbed area.” It drew attention to the lack of clarity as to what constitutes a “disturbed area” and the rather arbitrary manner in which AFSPA is being imposed in the country.
AFSPA's subsequent revocation here and in Tripura raised hopes of its withdrawal from other “disturbed areas” too. Those hopes were quickly dashed following the ambush in Manipur. As an official in India's Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) told The Diplomat, “The situation in the Northeast remains turbulent and merits AFSPA being kept in place there.”
According to Pradip Phanjoubam, editor of Imphal Free Press and Fellow at the Indian Institute of Advanced Study, Shimla,the ambush “will feed official paranoia and prolong” AFSPA's enforcement in the Northeast and Kashmir.
Drawing from a draconian ordinance the British colonial rulers used during the Quit India Movement of 1942, the Indian Parliament enacted AFSPA in September 1958 in the context of the nascent Naga insurgency.
AFSPA grants the army, central police forces, and state police personnel in “disturbed areas” “certain special powers,” including the right to shoot to kill, to raid houses, and destroy any property that is “likely” to be used by insurgents, and “to arrest without warrant” even on “reasonable suspicion” a person who has committed or even “about to commit a cognizable offence.”
Besides conferring extensive powers on the armed forces, AFSPA provides them immunity from prosecution. “No prosecution, suit or other legal proceeding shall be instituted except with the previous sanction of the Central government against any person” who has acted under this legislation, it says.
Imposed first on the Naga Hills in 1958, AFSPA, an emergency law, was to be in force for a year. Almost six decades thereon, it remains in effect not just in these hills but in “disturbed areas” across all seven northeastern states. Since July 1990, it has been in force in the Kashmir Valley too.
Effectiveness
If the aim of AFSPA was to restore normalcy in disturbed areas, it has failed, say its critics. Despite the extraordinary powers vested in their hands by AFSPA, the armed forces have not been able to quell India's insurgencies, a human rights activist based in Imphal in Manipur told The Diplomat. The area over which its writ runs has expanded significantly and armed struggles and insurgent groups have proliferated in the Northeast.
This is a “facetious” argument, Lt Gen (retd) Raj Kadyan, a former vice-chief of army staff, told The Diplomat, pointing out that in a democracy, “solving an insurgency” is not the task of the army. What and army can do and has done in the Indian context, they said, is “to keep the insurgency down to a level where the civil administration can carry out its functions. And “for that to be achieved AFSPA is essential,” they stressed.
Drawing attention to AFSPA's successful role in Nagaland, for instance, Kadyan, who saw the Naga insurgency through its various stages, recalled that without the “protective umbrella of AFSPA” the ceasefire which came into effect on August 1, 1997 would not have been possible. It was only after the armed forces had “captured six rebel ‘Ministers' that they were brought to their knees.” This paved the way for the truce, which has survived to date.
AFSPA's critics view the legislation differently and hold it responsible for the spiraling violence in areas it is in force. The “sweeping powers” it vests in the hands of the armed forces and especially the protection it gives them from prosecution “encourages soldiers to kill, raid and rape,” the Manipuri activist argued, drawing attention to “grave human rights violations” that AFSPA has “enabled.”
In an insurgency situation it is difficult for soldiers to differentiate between sympathizer and insurgent. Hence, “aberrations do occur,” Kadyan said. But 98 per cent of the allegations are false, they maintained, adding that if soldiers are to face the civilian courts for every allegation, they will be preoccupied with running to the courts rather than fighting insurgents.
While admitting that some instances of civilian deaths at the hands of the security forces are the result of “genuine mistakes” by soldiers “in the heat of an operation,” the Manipuri activist pointed out that this does not apply to rapes. “How can rapes fall under the category of acts done in the line of duty, requiring legal protection of the state?” they asked.
Dismissing criticism that AFSPA protects offenders, the MHA official pointed out that legal proceedings are possible if the central government sanctions it.
But such sanction has never come. Of the 38 requests to sanction a prosecution under AFSPA that the Ministry of Defense received between 1991 and 2015, permission was denied in 30 cases and the decision is pending in eight, Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar informed Parliament recently.
Naked Protest
Over the years, demands for justice in extra-judicial killings and rapes – such as the torture, rape, and murder in 2004 of 34-year-old Thangjam Manorama by soldiers of the Assam Rifles – have triggered dramatic protests and snowballed into mass campaigns. Irom Sharmila, for instance, has been on a hunger strike since 2000 to press for AFSPA's repeal. On July 14, 2004 a dozen naked women protested in front of the Assam Rifles headquarters at Kangla Fort, Imphal, daring the soldiers to come out and rape them.
The wave of protests in 2004 forced the then United Progressive Alliance government to set up the Justice Jeevan Reddy Committee in 2005 to review AFSPA and make recommendations. Describing AFSPA as “a symbol of oppression, an object of hate and an instrument of discrimination and high-handedness,” the Reddy Committee suggested it be repealed.
However, no steps were taken to repeal or reform AFSPA.
The military is opposed to AFSPA's withdrawal. Explaining its position, Kadyan pointed out that the Army gets called in to support the civil administration “only when the situation is not normal” and “in such abnormal circumstances, abnormal provisions have to be made.” “Soldiers need legal cover [that AFSPA provides] to operate in these circumstances,” they argued.
While the army has been vocal in its opposition to AFSPA's lifting in the Northeast and Kashmir, sections of the political establishment too are keen to keep it in place and blame the armed forces for opposing AFSPA's repeal. With AFSPA in force, state governments can avoid taking responsibility for their own administrative failures. Besides, “disturbed areas” are eligible for more funds from the central government.
While activists want AFSPA to be repealed in toto, there is a section of informed opinion that is calling for revising it at least, especially the clause that extends immunity to the armed forces. Phanjoubam, for instance, says that “AFSPA can be clubbed with the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA), a civil law, so that the Army can function but without the AFSPA's impunity clause,” a suggestion made by the Jeevan Reddy Committee.
Political commentator Siddharth Varadarajan writes that instead of criminal proceedings against soldiers requiring official permission, blocking of prosecution could be made possible only on official action. They suggest that Section 6 of AFSPA could be amended to read: “No prosecution … shall be instituted against any person in respect of anything done or purported to be done in exercise of the powers conferred by this Act where the Central government provides reasons in writing and the competent court upholds the legal validity of these reasons.” “Such a provision” they argue, “would prevent good officers from being prosecuted for killings which result from acts of good faith while allowing the bad apples to be prosecuted for their crimes. The government would still have the right to intervene on behalf of a soldier who has committed an illegal act. But this would require a Minister to take personal responsibility for a decision….
The possibility of AFSPA being even reformed seems bleak at the moment. The present Bharatiya Janata Party-led government is stridently opposed to any dilution in the law.
As Sanjoy Hazarika, a member of the Justice Jeevan Reddy Committee, wrote: “how many more deaths, how many more naked protests, how many more hunger strikes, how many more committees, how many more editorials and articles and broadcasts before AFSPA goes?”
Dr. Sudha Ramachandran is an independent journalist/researcher based in Bangalore, India. They write on South Asian political and security issues and can be contacted at [email protected].
Cop in SF corruption trial describes big haul and purchases
Indicted SF Police Officer Edmond Robles leaves the Federal Courthouse following their arraignment, in San Francisco, CA Friday, February 28, 2014. Indicted SF Police Officer Edmond Robles leaves the Federal Courthouse following their arraignment, in San Francisco, CA Friday, February 28, 2014. Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Cop in SF corruption trial describes big haul and purchases 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
The key prosecution witness in the San Francisco police corruption case, a fired officer who has admitted stealing money and drugs from suspects, testified Tuesday that two now-suspended officers joined them in a succession of thefts — one of them in an operation that also netted them Police Commission commendations.
Former Officer Reynaldo Vargas described a May 2009 incident in which he, Officer Edmond Robles and Sgt. Ian Furminger drove to Newark to assist in a federal investigation of a suspected drug dealer. After searching the home, Vargas said, they went in the backyard, saw a shovel, found a soft spot of ground and dug up more than an ounce of heroin and a bag containing $30,000 in cash.
It was the kind of haul that he, Robles and Furminger, already complicit in a series of thefts, had been hoping for, Vargas told the U.S. District Court jury in their second and final day of testimony. “Hey, you guys, I found it,” they said they told their two colleagues in the car before splitting up the money. They said they and Robles used much of theirs to buy fancy bicycles — one of which they later purchased from Robles and was displayed in court Tuesday, minus the wheels — while Furminger bought solar skylights for their home.
Later, Vargas said, Furminger, their supervisor, submitted all three officers' names for official commendations by the Police Commission for their roles in the federal investigation. Vargas said the awards included official proclamations and ribbons for each officer's jacket.
Falsified time sheets
Vargas worked for the Police Department from 1999 until they were fired in May 2012 for falsifying time sheets. Originally indicted along with Robles and Furminger, they pleaded guilty Oct. 21 to stealing money and property, including the gift cards, and keeping them for personal use. They also admitted stealing drugs from crime scenes and giving them to two people the officers had been trying to recruit as informants.
They agreed to cooperate in the prosecution, they said, because they were told that “based on my level of cooperation, there may be leniency” in sentencing.
Witness called a liar
Robles and Furminger have pleaded not guilty to similar charges and have been suspended without pay. Their lawyers said Vargas was a liar who was framing the two defendants in order to shorten their own sentence.
During cross-examination, defense lawyers questioned Vargas about their numerous admitted falsehoods — in police reports that omitted the thefts and sometimes misrepresented the facts, and in a 2002 investigation into their alleged use of excessive force. Furminger's lawyer, Brian Getz, pointed out that Vargas had told the FBI last month that they committed between 10 and 20 thefts, but put the number at 30 to 50 in Tuesday's testimony.
“You're performing right now,” Getz, told the witness, drawing an objection from the prosecutor and an admonition from U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer.
Getz also said Vargas had an incentive to tailor their testimony to the prosecution's version of events. “My incentive is to be as truthful as possible,” Vargas replied.
The three officers worked together in the plainclothes unit at Mission Station, where Robles was Vargas' partner for a year before transferring to a motorcycle squad in 2010. Vargas said Furminger often accompanied them on searches.
They described an atmosphere in which the three officers, while doing their jobs, rewrote the rules to suit themselves. On one occasion, Vargas said, they arrested a suspect and found some large firecrackers, and amused themselves by setting them off on the streets soon after arriving at work at 6 a.m.
“We would just light one, open the car door, drive off and hear a huge explosion” which would tear a small hole in the asphalt, Vargas said.
Sold the stolen items
They said they and Robles often took items they found during searches and sold them for cash to a well-known local “fence” who also acted as an informant.
Robles once swiped a license-plate cover from a suspect's car, Vargas said, because it was a special plate from a California Highway Patrol charity, and the officer figured installing it on their car would get them a break on the road from the CHP. On another occasion, Vargas said, Robles found about $6,000 in cash during a drug search and handed their two colleagues their shares under the table at a nearby cafe. “We were trying to be discreet about it,” Vargas said.
The trial is in recess until √Monday.
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: begelko@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @egelko
Fleces (flee · sees) -noun
Poo shaped pillows that bring joy and comfort to all. Any feces shaped pillow made from fleece.
Also, Poo Pillow.
Fleces poo pillows have been loved and adored by babies and grown ups alike for decades now. Ok, maybe that's a lie, but they should be loved and adored by everyone. At last, the world can finally show its appreciation for giant stuffed logs of feces!
They're perfect for guest rooms, living room couches, church pews, and even lower lumbar support in your car. Need a last minute Mother's day gift? Not anymore!
Each flecee is handcrafted by overworked slaves and is guaranteed to be 100% unique, just like real feces.
Custom orders? Why yes, we do! Sometimes you need more than the basics. You may need an entire bed made out of fleces. We can do it! Just contact us with your exact needs and we'll give you a quote.
Company is first council-owned energy firm to operate on that basis since market was nationalised in 1948
A local council has set up a not-for-profit energy supplier that it hopes can sign up 10,000 customers a month and save them each up to £237 a year on bills.
Nottingham city council said Robin Hood Energy, which employs 30 staff, was the first local authority-owned energy company run on a not-for-profit basis since the market was nationalised in 1948.
The council said the first customer, who signed up with the new firm on Monday, had cut their annual energy bill from £2,000 to £1,400.
The company will use energy generated from the city's incinerator, solar panels and waste food plants and also buy in gas and electricity from the market.
Alan Clark, Nottingham city council's portfolio holder for energy and sustainability, said: “The UK's domestic energy market has been hit with fluctuating government policies and subsidy cutbacks. In recent years, the cost of utility bills has spiralled as the profit-hungry ‘big six' energy companies have exploited their monopoly. We have decided to take the bold step of setting up Robin Hood Energy so that energy can be provided to customers across Nottingham and beyond at the lowest possible price, run not for profit, but for people.”
“Whatever money is saved should go back into the local economy,” they added.
The service will not, however, be restricted to Nottinghamshire residents – under current legislation the company has to offer it to customers nationwide.
Clark, who has been a councillor for 26 years and is also chairperson of the council's waste energy company, Enviro Energy, said the company would be paying “broadly competitive” salaries but there would be no big bonuses for directors.
They said Robin Hood had been working with well-known switching services such as moneysupermarket.com and uSwitch to help it attract customers. They have not yet seen any responses from the competition but said it would be “a good thing” if it encouraged them to bring prices down.
Energy experts said the Robin Hood offering was competitive but not the best in the market by any means. “Their tariff is way above the top 10 cheapest tariffs,” said Nigel Cornwall of Cornwall Energy, an independent energy market consultant. “But they are cheaper than five of the big six.”
Cornwall said Robin Hood Energy was able to buy on a market that is currently flat and that it therefore wasn't hard to “undercut the legacy players”. They have worked with a number of local authorities and expected others to follow in Robin Hood's footsteps.
It might have just pushed back its manned mission to Mars, but NASA just fast-tracked a planned journey to 16 Psyche - an asteroid made almost entirely of nickel-iron metal.
Estimated to contain $10,000 quadrillion in iron alone, if we could somehow mine Psyche's minerals and bring them back to Earth, it would collapse our comparatively puny global economy of $78 trillion many times over. Fortunately for the economic stability of our planet, NASA plans on looking but not extracting.
"It's such a strange object," Lindy Elkins-Tanton, lead scientist on the NASA mission and the director of Arizona State University's School of Earth and Space Exploration, told Global News Canada back in January.
"Even if we could grab a big metal piece and drag it back here ... what would you do?" they add.
"Could you kind of sit on it and hide it and control the global resource - kind of like diamonds are controlled corporately - and protect your market? What if you decided you were going to bring it back and you were just going to solve the metal resource problems of humankind for all time? This is wild speculation, obviously."
Named after Psyche, a human figure in Greek mythology who earned immortality, 16 Psyche is one of the most massive asteroids that have been discovered in the asteroid belt so far - a dusty disc located between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Measuring 240 km in diameter, it's nowhere near as large as some of the other known asteroids in the belt - the largest, Ceres, has a diameter of 945 km - but 16 Psyches claim to fame is it is by far the largest exposed iron metal body in the asteroid belt.
If NASA is successful in its mission, Psyche will give humans their first ever chance of exploring a world made of iron - not rock or ice.
The space agency had originally announced that it would be launching its 16 Psyche Discovery Mission in 2023, but has just brought that forward to the summer of 2022.
But the best part is NASA's Psyche probe is now expected to arrive at the metal asteroid four years earlier than initially planned, thanks to the discovery of more efficient trajectory that will get the probe to its destination by 2026.
"We challenged the mission design team to explore if an earlier launch date could provide a more efficient trajectory to the asteroid Psyche, and they came through in a big way," says Jim Green, director of the Planetary Science Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
"This will enable us to fulfil our science objectives sooner and at a reduced cost."
It's obviously a bit of a long wait, but it's going to be 100 percent worth it, because we're talking about an object that is entirely unique in the Solar System - an almost naked iron core.
While it's not clear how 16 Psyche has ended up without any rocky or icy coatings, scientists suspect that one or more massive collisions stripped it of its silicate crust and mantle, leaving it with just 10 percent silicate rock on its surface today.
The next question is how the molten core within the now obliterated silicate crust ended up solidifying.
"This mission would be a journey back in time to one of the earliest periods of planetary accretion, when the first bodies were not only differentiating, but were being pulverised, shredded, and accreted by collisions," Elkins-Tanton and their team explained at a conference back in 2014.
"It is also an exploration, by proxy, of the interiors of terrestrial planets and satellites today: we cannot visit a metallic core any other way."
This is going to be an historic mission - and if it somehow opens up the can of worms that is space mining, we're intrigued and excited and terrified all at once.
Can't wait to meet you, 16 Psyche.
San Jose's Democratic mayor didn't mince words after their city was convulsed by a riot outside Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's rally Thursday night. Trump themselves was to blame for the violence, they said, and needed to take “responsibility” for it.
With the California primary scheduled for next Tuesday, Trump was holding a campaign rally in San Jose to fire up supporters. San Jose is an overwhelmingly Democratic city, and Trump's appearance attracted a huge crowd of anti-Trump protesters, many of whom turned to violence.
Numerous videos taken Thursday night show Trump supporters being egged, attacked from behind without provocation, stealing signs and hats, jumping on top of cars, and other riot-like behavior.
But, in a statement to The Associated Press, Mayor Sam Liccardo said Trump was to blame for the attacks even though their supporters were the main victims.
“At some point Donald Trump needs to take responsibility for the irresponsible behavior of their campaign,” Liccardo said.
Liccardo also offered praise for San Jose police, saying they “have done an extremely courageous and professional job so far,” although some witnesses criticized police for failing to intervene to stop protester violence.
Follow Blake on Twitter
Send tips to blake@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
An audio version of this story is available online at WNYC Public Radio, a content partner of NJ Spotlight.
In the two-and-a-half years since Superstorm Sandy, while the Garden State has struggled to recover, many people have puzzled over the question of why New Jersey has received substantially less federal aid than New York, even though both states suffered roughly the same amount of damage -- close to $37 billion.
Much of the focus has been on Community Development Block Grants, where New Jersey got about half as much as New York state and New York City combined. But another metric in which the difference between the two states is most glaring is FEMA Public Assistance grants, which are used to help the state and local municipalities conduct both emergency and long-term infrastructure repairs after a disaster. To date, New Jersey has received just $1.7 billion in FEMA public assistance, compared with $7.7 billion for its neighbor across the Hudson.
Why such a big gap? The state office of Recovery and Rebuilding referred inquiries to the governor's press office, who didn't respond to a list of detailed questions. After speaking to a number of other officials in both New Jersey and New York, however, NJ Spotlight has been able to piece together a series of explanations.
To a certain extent, the disparity between the two states appears to be justified; both suffered enormous losses, but their damages were unique and called for different types of federal help. New York faced a multitude of expensive infrastructure repairs, while New Jersey's damage had a greater impact on individual homeowners, who wouldn't have been eligible for public assistance. Still, some critics speculate that New Jersey probably could have gotten more than it did from FEMA if it had handled the recovery differently, putting greater numbers of qualified and experienced people in charge of the process and being more proactive in its efforts.
“New York is very astute,” one source interviewed for this story said. “They've got it down. I'm not so sure that our friends in New Jersey have.”
In order to receive FEMA public assistance dollars, a recipient would normally be required to spend a quarter of the total project cost upfront, in return for a 75 percent match from the federal government, but lawmakers successfully lobbied FEMA after Sandy so New Jersey, New York and other applicants only had to contribute one-tenth of the cost out of their own pockets for eligible projects.
Still, in the midst of a budget crisis, Trenton didn't exactly have much spare cash lying around, so to come up with the money, it did what other states have done and earmarked a portion of the $4.2 billion it received in Sandy Community Development Block Grants to cover its local-match obligations. Although CDBG funds originate from another federal source -- the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development -- states realized after Hurricane Katrina that they could employ creative bookkeeping to count a portion of HUD money as their “local” contribution for the purposes of FEMA and other federal agencies, and they've been doing it ever since.
New Jersey initially allocated $275 million for this purpose, but as the recovery went on, the needs of displaced homeowners and renters continued to grow, with more than 40,000 primary homes and 16,000 rental units having sustained “severe” or “major” damage. Thus, the fund was raided several times to provide more money for the RREM grant program, as well as a new program for low- and moderate-income homeowners.
“Given the sheer breadth of housing damage and the number of homes that are required to be elevated, the state recognized that the costs of repairing owners' primary residences and rental units would be massive,” said Department of Community Affairs spokesperson Lisa Ryan. “Also, the state observed in the months after Sandy that many households displaced by the storm were seeking intermediate or long-term rental housing at a time when rental-housing stock was significantly depleted because of storm damage. Understanding that this confluence of events threatened to drive up rental prices for Sandy-impacted families, including those of limited financial means and those with special needs, the state decided to direct most CDBG Disaster Recovery funding to housing, since shelter is one of the basic human needs.”
That meant that when all was said and done, just $225 million was left to meet the state's local match obligations with FEMA, as well as cost shares for water and wastewater system assistance through the EPA and transportation assistance through the Federal Highway Administration.
By comparison, New York State allocated $508 million out of the $4.4 billion it received, and New York City -- which got $4.2 billion in HUD funding -- chose to earmark over $1 billion, a quarter of its total amount, to cover its local-match obligations. With less demand for its housing program, however, the city had the liberty to do that, explained Amy Spitalnick, a spokesperson for the Mayor's Office of Management and Budget.
“I also think the higher local match in New York City is a logical result of the very significant storm damage to our urban infrastructure, such as schools, public hospitals, roads and bridges, and wastewater treatment plants. While our population [in the affected areas] might be slightly lower than New Jersey's, it's much more concentrated, which means more of our infrastructure felt the full brunt of the storm,” they said, adding that repairs to flooded tunnels and subway lines are more costly.
“New Jersey primarily had beaches and old towns with little value,” agreed another official. “I know they're iconic towns, but the infrastructure is old. So you lose a couple of piers, you lose some beach … For what it cost to fix NYU [Langone Medical Center], you probably could have rebuilt half the coastline of New Jersey,” they said.
While New Jersey, New York City, and upstate New York (including Long Island) each received separate batches of CDBG funding and made their own choices about how much of that money to spend on local matches, FEMA's decision to obligate $7.7 billion in public assistance for New York was based on the damages incurred and local matches paid by the city and the rest of the state combined. So infrastructure damage to the city alone could have easily had a significant impact on the amount of overall funding the state received, even if other areas weren't hit as badly. In addition, New York officials note that damage from two other disasters that impacted their state -- Hurricanes Irene and Lee -- were also incorporated into FEMA's funding equation.
It's worth noting as well that New York City and New York State's combined CDBG funding totaled more than twice what New Jersey received. So it was much easier for them to cover their housing needs and still have a sizable chunk of money left over to spend on local matches to access the FEMA funding to begin with.
But with just $225 million to spend, New Jersey was more constrained in the number and size of FEMA projects that it could request.
The state's unwillingness -- or inability -- to chip in more money for this purpose made the news in April of last year, whenon internal emails from the federal Environmental Protection Agency regarding Morris County's Fenimore landfill, which was. Senior EPA officials had determined that the site couldn't be treated or monitored under the Superfund, but they suggested that the potential Sandy connection meant the state could apply for FEMA aid, and they offered to support Trenton if it took that path. When the state declined, EPA staffers were incredulous.
"What is up with NJ?" wrote one official. "I would love to know why they made this decision."
"The state just needs to make the request," another wrote. "Once again they have been reluctant to do so because of the cost-share issue.”
Beyond not chipping in enough of its own money to tap into federal funds, critics say New Jersey wasn't proactive enough in its efforts to secure FEMA dollars, and they point to New York's approach as a stark contrast.
“What New York has done a very good job with -- and I can't speak for other states -- is we have been actively, and very aggressively, working to try to make sure that we account for every dollar that we are eligible for under the FEMA public assistance program,” said Kris van Orsdel, the director of Infrastructure and local government programs in the New York Governor's Office of Storm Recovery. To do that, they said, the state hired a firm called Adjusters International, which deployed hundreds of field representatives to help local municipalities make sure FEMA was taking note of all their damages when preparing public-assistance funding requests.
They explained a hypothetical example of a flooded school.
“Our Homeland Security agency working with A.I. would make sure that we're not leaving out, for instance, the chalkboard. We would say, ‘Well, the chalkboard's damaged. You don't have “chalkboard” written into that project worksheet.' The first inspector may not have written that down. We would actually go to FEMA on behalf of the school board and working with them say, ‘Add the chalkboard in.' That adds more money.”
“One of the things that we always tell people is there's nothing wrong with asking and having somebody say no,” they said. “If you don't ask for the funds, then you leave it on the table; it's better to get a ‘no' than to not ask.”
New Jersey hired a similar firm called Witt O'Brien's to assist local governments in preparing their applications, and some people like Atlantic County's Deputy Director of Emergency Management Ed Conover were happy with how things turned out.
“The experience may vary county to county, but we had some really good people working here from Witt O'Brien's,” they said. “Looking at some of our projects, they were able to argue for us for things we submitted to FEMA that were deemed ineligible costs. They were able to help us argue with the proper documentation that these were actually eligible costs. All in all, it was a positive experience.” But others speculated that with Witt providing just a few dozen boots on the ground compared with the hundreds of employees Adjusters International deployed in New York, the company didn't have the manpower to do as thorough of a job as it otherwise could have done.
The New Jersey Office of Emergency Management sent a statement saying they're confident that Witt provided the appropriate level of staffing “to address the evolving needs the State experienced during the response phase of the disaster as well as the recovery phase we continue to work in.” While staff have been restructured and reduced over time, they said, the state has done all it could to get the FEMA funding to which it's entitled.
Not everyone agrees, though.
“Is it realistic to think they could have gotten billions more from FEMA? I would say the answer is ‘no.' There's just not that much damage. But tens of millions? Absolutely. That's a no-brainer to me,” said one insider with knowledge of how both states have dealt with the process (he spoke on the condition of anonymity due to their ongoing involvement with the recovery).
When it comes down to it, they explained, the two states had very different mindsets.
“New York State definitely takes an advocacy position. They fought for everything and put FEMA against the wall,” they said. “I'm not saying that the Christie administration didn't do that, ‘cause they genuinely seem to want to go to bat for the people.” But they said they worried at times that they were in over their heads.
By the time Sandy hit, New York was already well-versed in dealing with recent disasters such as Hurricanes Irene and Lee, while New Jersey had largely been spared.
“The instances of major damage to New Jersey have been few,” they said, adding that while they don't necessarily blame state officials for having less experience, they did feel they could have done more to consult outside experts and even more importantly, recognize their own limitations.
For example, they said it makes little sense for the Office of Emergency Management to operate under the auspices of the Homeland Security Branch of the New Jersey State Police.
“There's an awful lot of pride in the New Jersey State Police and their ability to handle these types of situations. There's no one better than the police to respond to disaster. That's what they do best!” they explained. “But their job is more about law enforcement than it is understanding public-assistance policy and a long-term financial recovery.” They said a better model would be for the state to follow the lead of New York and create a Public Assistance Liaison Program, hiring retired engineers and other state employees familiar with public-works projects to provide technical expertise to help with the disaster recovery.
In response, an agency spokesperson sent a statement saying that NJOEM has a long history of responding to disasters as well as participating in the long-term recovery phase.
“The State Office of Emergency Management is staffed by experienced full-time civilian and enlisted emergency management professionals who have trained and exercised in all phases of the disaster cycle,” they said, adding that New York and New Jersey are two different states with different needs, so it's not fair to compare them.
It's been nearly three years since Sandy, and while most of the major infrastructure damage has now been repaired, our source said he's still concerned that the state is too eager to wrap things up when it should instead be continuing to fight for more funding.
“New Jersey is hell-bent on closing out the disaster,” they said. “‘Get out there, close out those grants so we get our money and off we go.' The game's over with. We're on to the next disaster if it should come.”
Rivlin says Israel, region still concerned by Iran
President Reuven Rivlin meets with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis in Jerusalem, telling them Israel continues to worry about Iran over its threats to Israel.
“Iran represents a significant danger to the well-being of Israel, directly and indirectly. Just a week ago, one of Iran's leaders voiced their forceful rejection of the State of Israel's very right to exist,” they say according to a statement from their office. “Such threats serve to deepen the concern throughout the Middle East, and continue to position Iran as an insidious threat to regional stability.”
Iohannis responds that Romania “understands that the safeguarding of Israel's security is essential, significant, and not up for compromise.”
The meeting is part of an effort to boost bilateral trade and development between the counties.
NSW Labor environment spokesperson Luke Foley has branded senior Nationals, including Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner and federal Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce, "deranged" over their response to the killing of a government employee by a farmer involved in a land-clearing dispute.
Mr Foley said the comments sought to "justify" or "explain away" the alleged shooting murder of environment compliance officer Glen Turner on Tuesday and were of "the same mindset that led to right-wing American extremists committing the Oklahoma bombing".
State Labor's Luke Foley has launched a stinging attack on the Nationals. Credit:Dean Osland
"For politicians as senior as the Deputy Premier of the state and the federal Agriculture Minister to endorse rage against land-clearing laws is a betrayal of their offices," Mr Foley said.
"Are some of Australia's conservatives now so angry and deranged that they can explain way or 'understand' armed attacks on government employees?
Image caption Mr Chavez and Ms Fernandez are close political allies
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has questioned whether the US has developed a secret technology to give cancer to left-wing leaders in Latin America.
Treated for cancer this year, Mr Chavez was speaking a day after news that Argentina's president had the disease.
Fernando Lugo of Paraguay, Dilma Rousseff of Brazil and their predecessor Lula have also had cancer.
Mr Chavez said this was "very strange" but stressed that they were thinking aloud rather than making "rash accusations".
But they said the instances of cancer among Latin American leaders were "difficult to explain using the law of probabilities".
"Would it be strange if they had developed the technology to induce cancer and nobody knew about it?" Mr Chavez asked in a televised speech to soldiers at an army base.
Who next?
Mr Chavez noted that US government scientists had infected Guatemalan prisoners with syphilis and other diseases in the 1940s, but that this had only come to light last year.
And they joked that they would now take extra care of the presidents of Bolivia and Ecuador - Evo Morales and Rafael Correa - lest they also be diagnosed with cancer.
Image caption Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has beaten cancer, and Lula is fighting the disease
The Venezuelan leader, who is 57, has often accused the US of plotting to overthrow or even kill him.
They say they are now free of cancer after having surgery and chemotherapy in Cuba earlier this year.
The exact details of their illness have not been made public, fuelling speculation that their condition may be worse than they have let on.
Mr Chavez was the first regional leader to offer support to the Argentine President, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, after it was announced on Tuesday that they had thyroid cancer.
"We will live and we will conquer!" they told them
Ms Fernandez, 58, is due to have an operation on 4 January, but doctors say their prognosis is very good.
Survivors' summit
Doctors treating former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva for throat cancer say the 66-year-old is responding well to chemotherapy and should make a full recovery.
Dilma Rousseff, 64 - who took over from Lula as Brazilian president a year ago - is fully recovered after receiving treatment for lymphoma cancer in 2009.
Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo, 60, was diagnosed with lymphoma in August 2010 but is now in remission after chemotherapy.
Lula and Mr Chavez have previously joked that they would hold a summit of Latin American leaders who had beaten cancer.
Ms Fernandez has now said that they will insist on being the "honorary president" of the summit of cancer survivors.
You have probably seen the image below of the New York Times January 20 headline. It has gone viral on web and renders absurd the current denials by the Times and much of the rest of the mainstream media that there was no wiretapping of the Donald Trump campaign by the Obama administration. No, there won't be a document out there signed by former President Obama that says something like "I hereby authorize the wiretapping of the Trump campaign." There doesn't need to be. The headline and its January 19 article makes very clear that the previous administration did secretly monitor communications of the Trump campaign.
Times reporters Michael Schmidt, Matthew Rosenberg, Adam Goldman, and Matt Apuzzo were quite forthright in describing the wiretapping by the Obama administration:
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
WASHINGTON — American law enforcement and intelligence agencies are examining intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and associates of President-elect Donald J. Trump, including their former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, current and former senior American officials said. It is not clear whether the intercepted communications had anything to do with Mr. Trump's campaign, or Mr. Trump himself.
The F.B.I. is leading the investigations, aided by the National Security Agency, the C.I.A. and the Treasury Department's financial crimes unit. The investigators have accelerated their efforts in recent weeks but have found no conclusive evidence of wrongdoing, the officials said. One official said intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House.
Got that? That headline is out there on the web for all to see and can't be rescinded by the Times.
Gov. Larry Hogan has long talked a good game about helping Baltimore — they were doing so even before April's riots — and this week, they finally put the taxpayers' money where their mouth is. Their plan to steer nearly $100 million in state and local funding into demolition of blighted houses and another $600 million in incentives for redevelopment has the potential to transform large swaths of the city that might otherwise be left to slowly decay. Knocking down vacant houses isn't by any means the only thing that needs to be done to reverse the toxic economic conditions in many city neighborhoods, but it is a necessary step and one in which the state can play a productive role.
As large a commitment as it is, though, there is no guarantee of success. Long is the list of revitalization efforts in inner city Baltimore that have produced limited results or struggled to win the community's support, ranging from the Rouse-led investment in Sandtown-Winchester to Johns Hopkins' East Baltimore Development Initiative. Mr. Hogan promised $75 million in state funding for demolition over four years. (Another $19 million in funding and administrative services will come from the city, though that won't necessarily represent net new funding over Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake's pre-existing commitment to spend $100 million on demolition over 10 years). That represents a substantial increase in the state's investment in blight elimination and will accelerate the city's efforts dramatically, but it needs to be managed carefully to maximize its economic impact and minimize community disruption. It's unclear how much of the $600 million in incentives represents new funding and how much is a repackaging of pre-existing programs, but regardless, it's a sum that could have a real impact — if it is targeted in such a way that it attracts private investment. Here's what the state and city need to do to make sure this effort reaches its potential:
Start with the community
The plan by Governor Hogan and Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake calls for clearing whole blocks, which makes sense in terms of providing open space and/or opportunities for redevelopment. But it means displacing some residents, a process that is always fraught with difficulties. And the question of which blocks to target and what will become of them after they are cleared must be answered through extensive community engagement. The announcement by the governor and mayor was greeted with some concerns about gentrification, which may not be an immediate threat but is nonetheless a fear that must be taken seriously and addressed.
It sounds good to say that a vacant block is better than one with crumbling houses and the crime that goes with them, but there has to be a plan for maintaining the open space, whether as a pocket park or an empty field. The city's ability to manage the parks and open space it already has is stretched thin as it is. And for those spaces that will eventually be redeveloped, there needs to be a clear plan from the beginning. Once open space is established, people tend to be loath to give it up. Baltimore's Vacants to Value program has occasionally run into controversy when parcels used as community parks or gardens were subsequently offered up for sale. State housing secretary Ken Holt promises this will be a "bottom-up" approach. They and the city will need to make sure that promise, above all others, is kept.
Hire local
Block-level demolition is generally the province of big construction firms and heavy equipment, but the scale of the governor's investment is likely to dwarf the capacity of the local industry. The Maryland Stadium Authority, which is managing this effort, should explore opportunities for manual deconstruction, which can be comparable in cost to traditional demolition given the ability to recycle materials. It also would produce large numbers of entry-level, low-skill jobs that could be filled by residents of the neighborhoods this program is designed to benefit.
It's already happening in Baltimore. Humanim Inc., an East Baltimore non-profit that does workforce development among other initiatives, has a crew doing deconstruction work under a contract with the city. It takes apart rowhouses brick-by-brick (and has a fascinating blog, baltimorebrickbybrick.com, about the process, the workers and the people who once lived in the houses). They will soon deconstruct their 100th house, salvaging hundreds of thousands of bricks, tens of thousands of square feet of floorboard and lumber and more than 100 marble steps. The workers are helping clear the way for the expansion of the Great Blacks in Wax Museum and removing some of the blighted houses visible along the Amtrak route into the city. Most of the workers are ex-offenders, all are residents of impoverished Baltimore neighborhoods, and the work gives them skills and certifications that could help them land other jobs.
Partner with anchor institutions
Even $600 million in loans, grants, tax breaks and other incentives might not be enough to entice private developers to Baltimore's most blighted neighborhoods. But this effort does have natural allies in the form of Baltimore's anchor institutions, which have shown a renewed interest in recent years in helping to spur community redevelopment. The city and state need to look for ways to align their efforts with them in such a way that will encourage private, for-profit development to follow.
Johns Hopkins University President Ronald J. Daniels is spearheading Homewood Community Partners, a $10 million effort to organize the neighborhoods around the Homewood campus around common development goals, with the hope of attracting several times more money in private investments. And EBDI, the $1.8 billion collaboration to rejuvenate the area around Johns Hopkins Hospital, is finally bearing fruit. University of Maryland-Baltimore president Jay A. Perman is working closely with the Southwest Partnership neighborhood coalition on shared community development priorities while continuing the expansion of the west side biopark and helping lead efforts to revitalize the area around Lexington Market. Morgan State University President David J. Wilson launched the "Morgan Community Mile," a multi-faceted effort to improve the health, safety, economy and educational opportunities in a large swath of Northeast Baltimore. Similar efforts at neighborhood development are underway at other major city institutions.
10 NEW SKATERS. MODULAR BLOCKS. THEIR BEST MANUALS. YOU DECIDE WHO WINS. A thing of beauty, an art form, the utmost tech of the tech, the manual is much more than a trick—it's a full-on discipline. Requiring a supernatural amount of patience, grace, and precision, manuals can literally break down even the best skateboarders on the planet. But when done right, few things in skateboarding are more impressive or gratifying than a solid, perfectly balanced manual. And that's exactly why we started 2UP last year, The Berrics' first-ever manual contest. Once again, we built a handful of simple modular blocks and invited 10 of the world's most balanced skaters to get creative and film their best tricks on two wheels. No repeats from last year. You decide the winner. Easy as that.
Researchers in Italy may have struck upon a health supplement that could extend life. Enzo Nisoli and colleagues developed a cocktail of amino acids and gave it to mice via their water supply. Those mice that received the supplement had a longer median lifespan – 869 days compared to 774 days in the control group, an impressive 12% increase. As recently reported in the journal Cell Metabolism, the mice were all middle aged when testing began, and those given amino acids showed increased energy, muscle coordination, and stamina. Essentially the cocktail helped the middle aged mice stay more youthful. Nisoli believes that the antiaging effects of the amino acids were due to increased production of mitochondria, and lower incidence of damage caused by reactive oxygen species (ROS), associated with free radicals. The amino acids used in the cocktail (leusine, isoleusine, and valine) are known as branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) and are already found in many widely used health supplements! With further research it may be possible to understand if increasing BCAA levels in humans could extend our healthy youthful years as well as it does in mice.
Extending the life of mice is one of the most common metrics for evaluating longevity treatments. The Methuselah Foundation uses mice as the basis for deciding the winners of its MPrize, an award to encourage research in lifespans. As we discussed previously, the leaders in the MPrize have impressive records – Stephen Spindler got median lifespan of mice to reach 1356 days! That's considerably better than recent Italian work, but I'm still more impressed with Nisoli. Why? Spindler, and many others, use calorie restriction to promote longevity. I don't think humans can really use that technique. Eating very little while not being malnourished is hard, and frankly not very enjoyable. Nisoli and their colleagues used a cocktail of commonly available amino acids that almost anyone could take as a health supplement. BCAAs are really cheap too.
But before you go off to the vitamin store and stock up on amino acids, we should discuss the limitations of this experiment. First and foremost, the work is in mice. Yes, mice are one of the most common test animals for longevity, and yes, the same BCAA cocktail also worked with yeast cells (another common test organism), but none of that means that humans are guaranteed to benefit. Second, the mice used were all males, and as we've seen with previous work in longevity, some techniques simply do not translate from one sex to another. Third, only 30 mice were used in the BCAA test group (30 in the control as well). That's simply not a very big sample (though Spindler only used 6 to set their record). According to The Telegraph, Nisoli is calling for larger scale experiments, but few institutitions seem willing to sponsor research into health supplements and there's not much profit to be made since BCAAs are so widely available and relatively cheap. Finally, we should point out that while the Italian experiment showed a 12% increase in median lifespan, the range of lifespans didn't improve nearly as much. Maximum longevity for the BCAA mice was 1043 days compared to 979 days in the control group – a more modest 6.5% increase. If we look at the top 10% of mice in each group, the BCAA mice only improved 4.5% (981 compared to 938). In other words, while the amino acid treatments helped the mice live longer as a group, they didn't produce any super old mice. To apply it to humans: it would be like more people reaching 80, or even 90, but still no one would live to 125.
Some of the most useful information out of this experiment dealt with understanding how BCAAs could improve the health and youthful vigor of those in middle age. The amino acids increased the production of mitochondria, the energy suppliers of the cells, but only in cardiac and skeletal muscle tissues. Fat tissue and the liver were unaffected. That's probably a really good thing as we don't want to unbalance those systems. BCAAs seem to increase SIRT1 activity – the protein linked to the benefits of resveratrol; which in turn is the substance in red wine associated with longevity. BCAAs, probably through mitochondrial regulation, seem to negate ROS which cause oxide damage – another important factor in helping people live longer and healthier lives.
The experiment spent considerable energy exploring the role of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), an enzyme that regulates nitric oxide (NO) in the blood. In previous work, Nisoli has found that decreased NO leads to increases in mitochondria. In genetically altered mice who had their NO regulation disrupted, the benefits of BCAA were much smaller. This suggests that, as Nisoli theorized, the mitochondria really are the cornerstone of increased longevity and energy, and that BCAA works through mitochondria regulation.
That information may have far reaching effects in other longevity studies. In fact, it's kind of amazing how the results of different experiments are already finding complementary answers. SIRT1 (and other sirtuins) seem to be a key element and are affected by BCAA production. Scientists discovered a gene related to production of mTOR protein and rapamycin that could be removed to make them live 20% longer – and mTOR is also part of the mechanism used by BCAAs interacting with mitochondria. Russia's recent ‘cure for aging' relies on antioxidants, and BCAAs seem to fight ROS damage. While each study in lifespans only produces moderate success, together they are revealing a more complete understanding of how our cell chemistry could be altered to fight aging.
I try not to get too excited about longevity discoveries that are still being tested on animals as it's simply too soon to know how they'll pan out with humans. Yet I'm very hopeful about the work from Nisoli and their colleagues. It would be relatively easy for us to increase our BCAA intake. Many people already use these amino acids as supplements after weight lifting workouts. Not only that, but the benefits shown in mice – increased energy, better coordination, more youthful stamina – are what we'd all like to enjoy when we reach middle age. Of all the prospective ways to moderately increase lifespan, BCAAs seem to be the easiest to employ – no genetic modifications, no drinking tons of red wine. I really hope that Nisoli or other researchers will receive the funding they need to further explore the benefits of amino acids. If the tests had larger sample sets, and were repeated across several labs, I'd start taking BCAAs today.
*UPDATE 10/15/10: At the request of readers (via email and the first comment below) I have been asked to share the proportions of the BCAA supplement given to the mice in the experiment listed above. Before I share this information, I would like to make it very clear that I am in no way promoting the use of these supplements, nor do I verify that they are safe to take, nor do I, in anyway, suggest that they will positively affect your lifespan. I am not a doctor, nor a biologist. I am excited about the potential of this work, but that's not an endorsement to take any particular supplement.
But science demands we share information, so here we go.
Nisoli bases their BCAA enriched mixture (BCAA-em) on earlier work on mouse muscle in 2005. Guiseppe D'Antona was a researcher for that experiment as well as the lead author for Nisoli's recent work. The amino acids seem to have been taken from a commercial supplement from Professional Dietetics in Milan called BigOne
For both experiments, mice were given 1.5mg/g of body weight in their water each day. The ratio for amino acids can be seen in the table below (taken directly from Pellegrino et al European Journal of Applied Physiology 2005). The Nisoli paper discussed in the article above doesn't specify whether they used the BigOne supplement or reproduced its contents.
[image credits: Rama via WikiCommons, D'antona et al Cell Metabolism 2010]
[sources: D'Antona et al Cell Metabolism 2010, Telegraph.co.uk]
US Patent Office Grants 'Photography Against A White Background' Patent To Amazon
from the maybe-someone-at-the-office-checked-the-wrong-box? dept
The US Patent and Trademark Office is frequently maligned for its baffling/terrible decisions... and rightfully so. Because this is exactly the sort of thing for which the USPTO should be maligned. Udi Tirosh at DIY Photography has uncovered a recently granted patent for the previously-unheard of process of photographing things/people against a white backdrop... to of all companies, Amazon.
I am not really sure how to tag this other than a big #fail for the USPTO, or a huge Kudos for Amazon's IP attorneys. In a patent simply called Studio arrangement Amazon took IP ownership on what we all call shooting against a seamless white backdrop.
a background comprising a white cyclorama; a front light source positioned in a longitudinal axis intersecting the background, the longitudinal axis further being substantially perpendicular to a surface of the white cyclorama; an image capture position located between the background and the front light source in the longitudinal axis, the image capture position comprising at least one image capture device equipped with an eighty-five millimeter lens, the at least one image capture device further configured with an ISO setting of about three hundred twenty and an f-stop value of about 5.6...
Here's a photo of Amazon's bold new photography concept ( US Patent 8,676,045 ), which pretty much looks like every photo studio in the history of photo studios.There's plenty of technical text to separate Amazon's white-backdropped photo studio from the thousands in existence prior to 2011 (the date of filing), which shows just howAmazon's concept is:Amazon does more explaining later on, differentiating its proprietary white-background photo thing from others exactly like it by pointing out that prior art often refers to image retouching, green screens or other forms of image manipulation. Amazon's technique is apparently the purest of the pure, being only the photographer, the photographed object/person, the white background, a number of front lights/backlights and some sort of object separating the subject from the ground below it.How does this breakthrough work in practice? Glad you asked.1. Turn backlights on.2. Turn front lights on.3. Position thing on platform.4. Take picture.Now, we'll note that(HAHAHAHA), Amazon filed this application back in the early days of photography, circa 2011. Nearly three years later, that foresight has paid off, and Amazon can now corner the market on taking pictures in front of a white background.Currently, prior art input is being sought at Stack Exchange's Ask Patents , but questions about the patent's viability may come down to thespecifics listed above. On one hand, the listed stipulations make it easier to route around. On the other hand, two of the specifics are hedged with the word "about," leaving only the 85mm lens specification as truly "unique."Is Amazon about to start sending demand letters to photo studios? That seems unlikely. But it does raise the question as to why this patent was sought in the first place. If this is how Amazon performs its product photography, it seems like it could have been handled in an internal document, rather than pushed through the patent office. Even if it's never used for trolling, it's still on record as "something Amazon thought up," rather than nowhere to be found as studio setups for shooting against a white background have been in use for several decades.Chalk up another loss in the USPTO's column and a baffling, oblique "win" for Amazon's IP legal team, which now "owns" an obvious method.
Filed Under: patents, photography, uspto, white background
Companies: amazon
Pekka Rinne is good at controlling their rebounds. I know this, because people on the internet have made their opinions abundantly clear. Scouts and fanalysts alike credit Rinne's quick glove hand with helping them catch a significantly higher volume of shots than most other goalies, leaving few opportunities behind for lurking opponents to deposit into their net.
James Reimer is not good at controlling their rebounds. I know this, once again, because people on the internet have made their opinions abundantly clear. Reimer's (supposed) inability to prevent the shots he's saved from bouncing into dangerous areas is often cited as one of the main reasons for why they should be the #2 goalie behind Jonathan Bernier on the Leafs' depth chart.
Goaltenders are notoriously difficult to analyze, however rebound control seems to be one aspect of the position that everyone feels educated enough to opine on. While it may be more difficult to analyze a goalie's positioning or reflexes, rebound control is an area where the results are immediately visible even to the novice observer. For better or for worse, the average fan tends to believe they have a good handle on which goalies are adept at keeping the puck away from their opponents post-save, and which netminders might as well be playing for the other team.
In spite of the abundance of opinions on rebound control, most of the assessments that we see tend to be quite qualitative, focussing on observations over data-driven analyses. This is in spite of the fact that past efforts to quantify rebound control using data from the NHL play-by-play files have shown that there are elements of talent that can be measured in rebound control – Rob Pettapiece (now of the Toronto Maple Leafs) wrote a great piece at NHL Numbers looking at Rinne otherworldly skill in preventing rebounds, while I followed up their article with my own version of a rebound control statistic which came to similar conclusions. Both of these pieces are now relatively old, however, and I've had a few new ideas come to me in the meantime, and as such a more comprehensive look at rebound control.
There are 3 distinct ways that a goalie can display good rebound control. The first way is to prevent the opportunity for a rebound all together, by freezing the puck. We can measure this ability by calculating the percentage of saved shots that a goalie is able to freeze within 2 seconds (i.e. number of stoppages within <= 2 seconds following a save). We'll call this a goalies Frozen Shot Percentage, and we'd expect, given the work that's been done to date, for this to be a persistent talent year-to-year.
This is also the metric where we'd expect Pekka Rinne to do the best, and, if the rumours are true, James Reimer to do the worst. So what do the results look like?
Season Pekka Rinne James Reimer Frozen Shot % Rank Frozen Shot % Rank 20102011 36.5% 1/36 34.6% 5/36 20112012 37.9% 1/41 27.2% 33/41 20122013 34.1% 2/24 32.0% 5/24 20132014 37.7% – 32.8% 4/42 20142015 37.6% 2/44 32.8% 11/44
It appears as if the legends of the Finnish netminder's glove hand are true – Rinne has finished in the top 2 in the league in 4 of the last 5 seasons (the ranks above are for goalies with at least 500 5v5 shots against, so they didn't qualify in 20132014), while freezing at least 5% more shots than an average goalie in each year over that period (the league mean from 2009-2015 was 29%).
For James Reimer, however, the story is a bit different – Reimer's puck freezing ability hasn't been nearly as bad as many Leafs fans and analysts would have you believe, and he's been above average in most of their seasons to date. Even including their forgettable 2011-2012 season, where they struggled with injuries including missing 19 games with what many have speculated was a concussion, Reimer places in the top 5 amongst all goalies since 2009, with an overall Frozen Shot Percentage of 34.0%.
Even better news for Reimer is that this remains a very persistent skill for goalies – the year-to-year correlation for goalies who save at least 500 shots at 5v5 is 0.58, which is extremely high for a goaltending metric. Put more simply, the percent of shots that a goalie freezes may be the most repeatable talent that a goalie possesses which we can measure. A goalie's Frozen Shot Percentage in one year is a fairly strong predictor of their Frozen Shot Percentage in the next year, meaning that when we see a goalie's numbers in a given season, we can trust that they won't likely too far off that mark in the future.
The second way a goalie can control their rebounds is by deflecting the puck into low (or no) danger zones, where a rebound opportunity for their opponents is unlikely. We can measure this in a way similar to Rob's original metric, by looking at the percentage of shots that result in a goalie's opponent getting a rebound shot attempt. The key difference here, however, is that we only want to look at the cases where the possibility of a rebound attempt exists, as we know that when a goalie freezes the puck the potential for a rebound attempt goes down to zero. This allows us to measure it is a distinct ability from freezing the puck, and therefore doesn't penalize netminders whose playing style leads them to direct pucks rather than catch them. To more accurately measure a goalie's ability to deflect the puck into low danger zones, we'll calculate each player's Adjusted Rebound Percentage, which is simply the total number of rebound shot attempts (shot attempts taken <= 2 seconds following a save) divided by the total number of saves minus the total number of frozen pucks.
Both Pekka Rinne and James Reimer appear to be fairly strong by these metrics as well – Rinne has been in the top 5 twice over the last 5 years, while placing just under the average mark of 5.7% in the other three seasons. Reimer has been similarly strong, although he's trended more towards the middle of the pack recently, giving up rebounds on more than 6% of their non-frozen saves in two of the past three years.
Season Pekka Rinne James Reimer Adj. Rebound % Rank Adj. Rebound % Rank 20102011 5.4% 22/42 3.8% 1/42 20112012 3.8% 4/44 4.4% 6/44 20122013 4.7% 3/25 7.0% 21/25 20132014 5.2% 5.5% 16/43 20142015 5.3% 17/46 6.3% 28/46
If the numbers look a bit more random from year-to-year here, it's because they are. Adjusted Rebound percentage is a much less consistent metric for goaltenders than Frozen Shot Percentage. The season over season correlation is only 0.26, which isn't entirely shocking – Adjusted Rebound Percentage will be impacted a lot more by outside factors, since each goalie's total will be influenced in part by the play of the defenders in front of him.
The third and final aspect of good rebound control that we want to look at is a goalie's ability to keep themselves well positioned so that if a rebound does occur they're in a good position to make a save. This can be quantified by simply calculating each netminder's save percentage on rebound shots, or Rebound Save Percentage.
Season Pekka Rinne James Reimer Rebound Save % Rank Rebound Save % Rank 20102011 72.3% 15/42 70.0% 23/42 20112012 78.9% 9/44 81.0% 6/44 20122013 72.0% 13/25 80.0% 4/25 20132014 66.7% 75.0% 21/43 20142015 72.7% 25/46 73.3% 23/46
By this metric, both goalies look slightly more mediocre. Reimer has been more or less dead in the middle of the league, with the exception of a two-season span where they posted back-to-back 80%+ Rebound Save Percentages. Rinne has been slightly better, although their numbers don't match their world class freezing figures from above. What's perhaps important to note here is that for goalies like Reimer and Rinne who have shown strong rebound prevention ability, posting a top-tier Rebound Save Percentage is a lot less critical, because they face fewer of these opportunities in general. Where it becomes more important is for a goalie like Cam Ward, who's been in the bottom 5 in the league 4 times over the past 6 years. Fortunately for Ward, he's compensated for their propensity to give up rebounds by placing in the top 10 in rebound save percentage in 5 of those 6 seasons, although it remains a dangerous game that the Hurricanes netminder is playing.
Perhaps the most interesting thing to note though is that rebound save percentage actually shows a modest level of persistence, with the year-to-year correlation coming in at 0.24, just slightly below the figure we noted for Adjusted Rebound Percentage. While this may not seem like a huge number, particularly when compared to the repeatability of a goalie's Frozen Shot Percentage, the consistency of rebound save percentage is actually significantly higher than it is for All Shot 5v5 Save Percentage. What this suggests is that goalies have the ability to control whether they're giving up high danger rebounds, or that some netminders are better able to keep their body well positioned to make a save on any subsequent shots.
No matter which method we use to measure rebound control, it's pretty clear that James Reimer's struggles in this regard are greatly overstated. While they may not have the elite glove-hand of Pekka Rinne, the Leafs' 1A netminder still remains one of the better players in the game at freezing the puck or deflecting it out of harm's way. Although there's no “one-number” statistic to measure rebound control, it's clear that each of these components forms an important piece of a goalie's skillset, and that each metric that we've proposed here is at least partially talent. These metrics give us a more granular view of a goalie's performance, and can help identify the differing ways in which certain goaltenders approach rebound control, and ultimately, how they try to keep the puck out of their net.
Seasonal Goalie Rebound Statistics from 2009-Present are available here. Statistics are 5v5 only. All goaltenders who faced at least 500 5v5 shots are included.
To the Editor:
Onondaga County and the City of Syracuse seems to be slipping (again) in regards to the transparency of a very popular public works project that only in the last year has been thought of, designed, bid out, and begun construction.
Whether you agree with the county plan to construct an amphitheater on the shoreline of Onondaga Lake is your own opinion, and I only hope that most of us in Onondaga County can respectfully have a discussion about the pros and cons.
The question that I have for the county would be, where is the transparency in this project?
I am not trying to write a opinion to dissuade anyone's decision whether to disagree or agree, but to only try to raise awareness about the selection process to decide who would do the work, and how this project will be completed.
As a student of architecture and the construction industry, in the last year I have become familiar with the process to make a selection of the companies who bid for this project.
According the the data that is provided to the public, over $49.5 million dollars will be
contributed from Onondaga County (taxpayers), and another $30 million from the state of New York (more New York taxpayers) for the Solvay improvements.
Gilbane Building Co. will be doing the work on the amphitheater, a company based out of Rhode Island with an office in Syracuse. But who else wanted to bid on the project?
Marty Skahen, the county executive's chief of staff, refuses to release the public information about the other companies who bid for the work. Why? Was Gilbane the lowest bidder? When were the requests for proposals made public and where could you find them? Personally, I searched long and hard and could not find any information about the other options or how to apply to become an option (if I were a company). When were the bids opened? Was the public (taxpayers) made aware of the other
potential companies who did submit proposals?
This is a problem in my eyes. The state and county are selecting companies to give public money to, without the consenting knowledge of the public, on public projects.
When will the county realize that eliminating transparency from the public realm of construction is not good for small business or future development.
Joshua Wilcox
Syracuse
Manufacturing A Crisis: Stoned Driving ‘Epidemic'? Please.
It was bound to occur once marijuana legalization started actually happening. The prohibitionists and the drug warriors never go down without a fight; they always find an angle. This time, as two states — Colorado and Washington — have already legalized (in a limited way) recreational cannabis, the new bugaboo is driving while high.
Nobody's sure how to solve the question of when someone is just too stoned to drive, but that doesn't keep plenty of people from offering “solutions” to the “problem” — which is now graduating from “just” a problem, thanks to sensationalist mainstream press coverage, and becoming an “epidemic” or even a “crisis.”
Welcome to legislation by press hysteria, same as you got in the U.K. a few years ago when tabloid press coverage about “killer Skunk weed” which supposedly “causes psychosis” resulted in Britain actually backtracking on its own progressive cannabis laws.
This time, we're supposed to be scared shitless of stoned drivers running amok on our highways. Nobody wants to share the roads with a bunch of impaired morons, but is it really that simple?
Think about it. How many of your friends have “that time I was so drunk I smashed up my car” stories? Several of them, if your friends are like mine. Now: How many of them have “that time I was so high on pot I smashed up my car” stories? None? Exactly.
Of course, that hasn't stopped rabid anti-marijuana nut jobs like Dr. Bob DuPont, drug czar for Presidents Nixon and Ford, from making dire pronouncements which have little contact with consensual reality.
Dr. DuPont, who is now president of the Institute for Behavior and Health, which, surprise!, “works to reduce drug abuse,” claims research proves “the terrible carnage out there on the roads caused by marijuana.”
But if marijuana really did pose a major hazard to highway safety, you can believe that we'd already have noticed the gory results — same as we did back when alcohol Prohibition ended, and the automobile fatalities started adding up. Pretty quickly, it became impossible to ignore the death toll that alcohol was taking among motorists.
And that's the point. Our roads haven't been painted red with the blood of marijuana-impaired drivers and their victims, and there's a reason why. Cannabis — especially for experienced users — just doesn't impair driving ability to the degree that does alcohol, or, for that matter, opiate pain medication or even nerve pills like Xanax or Valium.
At least one scientific study shows that traffic fatalities are reduced in states which legalize medical marijuana, with a nearly nine percent drop in traffic deaths and a five percent reduction in beer sales. “Our research suggests that the legalization of medical marijuana reduces traffic fatalities through reducing alcohol consumption by young adults,” said Daniel Rees, professor of economics at the University of Colorado Denver, who coauthored the study.
As public consciousness has risen around the hazards of drunk driving, people have reduced that kind of behavior. A recent nationwide census of fatal traffic accidents showed that deadly crashes have declined in recent years. So where is the supposed “carnage” caused by marijuana-impaired drivers?
With estimates of current marijuana users in the Unites States running between 40 and 100 million, you can bet that if weed truly caused wrecks, it would be a national tragedy on the level of that already experienced with drunk driving.
​Sure, it's a bad idea for novice marijuana users to hit the highways just after ripping a few bong hits, but for the rest of us — especially medicinal cannabis patients, who by necessity use (and are accustomed to the effects of) large amounts of herb every day — it's not a major factor.
“Emerging scientific research indicates that cannabis actually has far less impact on the psychomotor skills needed for driving than alcohol does, and is seldom a causal factor in automobile accidents,” according to the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), which has studies to back that statement up. (Too bad NORML decided to ignore the evidence — and their own policy — last year when they vocally supported Washington's I-502, which punishes not impairment but a particular blood THC level.)
But, of course, those who are comfortable with and accustomed to the current paradigm surrounding alcohol impairment — as in, a certain blood level means that you are, per se, guilty of driving under the influence (DUI) — would like to see a blood alcohol level for marijuana become codified into law, as well.
Besides the already mentioned phenomenon of experienced marijuana users not showing meaningful driving impairment, an additional complication is that since THC — the main active ingredient in marijuana — closely matches an endogenous body chemical, anandamide, that your body isn't in any hurry to get rid of it, the way it is with poisons such as alcohol, cocaine, or methamphetamine (all of which are processed and expelled by the body within three or four days).
​THC isn't like any of those substances.— a minimum of 30 days. (If you think you're safe after 30 days, think again if you're a heavy user. I once tested positive for THC metabolites 63 days after my last ingestion, while on probation.)
One Denver marijuana advocate says that government officials are scrambling for THC blood limits, at least in part because more drivers now admit using cannabis.
“The explosion of medical marijuana patients has led to a lot of drivers sticking the [marijuana] card in law enforcement's face, saying, ‘You can't do anything to me, I'm legal,' ” said Sean McAllister, a lawyer who defends people charged with driving under the influence of cannabis, reports Kristen Wyatt of the Associated Press.
Driving while impaired — by any drug — is illegal in all 50 states. Such determinations have, so far, traditionally been made at the discretion of the officer, who can write drivers up if they exhibit signs of impairment.
But blood level limits take enforcement to a whole new level, and make DUI-marijuana charges practically impossible to beat in court, since a given level — for example, five nanograms per milliliter, as in Washington's “legalization” measure I-502 — are per se evidence of guilt; actual impairment no longer has to be proved by law enforcement.
If that sounds as if Washington is allowing cops to declare open season on practically any driver of whom they disapprove — on the chance (or in some cases, as in medical marijuana patients, on the certainty) that they will test positive for blood THC — then you're reading the law the same way I am.
Using current scientific methods, there are no fool-proof ways to correlate blood THC levels with impairment, since, unlike alcohol, THC stays in the blood for weeks after the three- or four-hour high wears off. Hence, any test which measures blood THC level is assuredly not measuring impairment at all.
​Unfortunately, the asupervisorstioned anti-marijuana wing nut, former drug czar DuPont, apparently has the ear of the Obama Administration when it comes to drugged driving legislation. DuPont wrote a paper last year on drugged driving for the administration, which has now made the issue a priority.
Physicians tell us that while many tests can show whether someone has recently used cannabis, it's much more difficult to pinpoint, quantify or prove impairment at any certain time. Urine and blood tests can show that someone used marijuana at some point in the past, which is why employers and probation officers like them. But neither of those can really determine current impairment.
Scientists simply do not have conclusive data to link marijuana use to accident likelihood. The limited data available — some of which has actually shown experienced marijuana users drive more safely than “unimpaired” drivers — has prompted furious debate.
All of this is why it seems nobody can agree on blood THC limits to determine impairment while driving. Two states place the limit at 2 ng/ml. Some have “zero tolerance” policies, with just such a policy recently being proposed in California. In Washington, a threshold of 5 ng/ml, is actually being written into the language of I-502.
Such an attempt failed in the Colorado Legislature in 2011; Denver Westword pot critic William Breathes famously tested more than three times over the limit after waking up in the morning unimpaired. State officials then set up a task force to settle the question — and the panel couldn't agree on a solution.
​I-502's backers claim their polling indicates the 5 ng/ml driving limit in the Washington state initiative would be crucial to winning at the polls, but Colorado's Amendment 64 passed with no such limit included.
“Voters were very concerned about impaired driving,” claimed Alison Holcomb, campaign director for New Approach Washington, the group behind the Evergreen State's legalization measure (which, by the way, didn't legalize home cultivation, and only legalizeds up to one ounce).
For its part, the White House, which has set a goal of “reducing drugged driving by 10 percent” in the next three years, wants states to set a blood THC level upon which to base DUI convictions — but it has not said what limit should be, which shouldn't be surprising since there's almost no science to support any particular level.
Even with the White House supporting per se THC blood limits, Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske admits there is no solid science behind such measures. “I'll be dead — and so will lots of other people — from old age, before we know the impairment levels” for marijuana, Kerlikowske said.
Gil seemed to even be arguing for zero tolerance when they called it a “bogus argument” to say any level of THC in a driver is safe.
Meanwhile, patients in the 20 states and the District of Columbia where medical marijuana is legal may soon be at risk of getting criminal records just for trying to drive to work or the post office, since many of them are over 5 ng/ml when they wake up in the morning.
They could be at risk for positive test — and a DUI conviction — whether they are impaired or not.
WASHINGTON — Agents with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives used a secret, off-the-books bank account to rent a $21,000 suite at a Nascar race, take a trip to Las Vegas and donate money to the school of one of the agents' children, according to records and interviews.
Agents also used the account to finance undercover operations around the country, despite laws prohibiting government officials from using private money to supplement their budgets, according to current and former government officials and others familiar with the account.
The revelations highlight the lax oversight at the A.T.F. that allowed agents and informants to spend millions while avoiding the normal accounting process. The Justice Department's inspector general, who is investigating the secret account, criticized the A.T.F. recently for mismanagement and said the agency did not know how many informants it had or how much they were paid.
The New York Times revealed the existence of the bank account in February, prompting an investigation by the House oversight committee. The Justice Department, which oversees the A.T.F., has denied any wrongdoing, and the department has refused to say whether the bureau continues to operate such secret accounts, which the government called “management accounts.”
Developed by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey – and managed, operated and leased by The Durst Organization, One World Trade Center is redefining Lower Manhattan's New York skyline. Standing at a symbolic 1,776 feet tall, the architectural and engineering marvel is an ever-present symbol of renewal and hope.
Designed by renowned architect David Childs, of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, LLP, One World Trade Center incorporates new architectural and environmental standards, setting a new level of social responsibility in urban design.
The 104-story building, a joint venture between The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and The Durst Organization, is designed to be the safest commercial structure in the world and the premier c ommercial business address in New York. Currently One World Trade Center has leased 67 percent of its 3,000,000,000 square feet of office space which includes tenants: Condé Nast who is One WTC's an chor tenant leasing nearly 1.2 million square feet to house its global headquarters, U.S. General Services Administration which has leased more than 270,000 square feet, global digital gaming company High 5 Games has leased more than 85,000 square feet, Tech advertising firm xAd has leased more than 86,000 square feet, and prominent financial services Moody's has leased more than 70,000 square fee t bringing some of the world's top companies to Lower Manhattan.
One World Trade Center has also attracted broadcast tenants CBS, NBC Universal-owned WNBC, WNJJ and PBS has relocated operations to the 408-foot-tall spire of One World Trade Center.
The New Standard in Design
The ultra-modern design of One World Trade Center is an innovative mix of architecture, safety and sustainability featuring column-free floors, nine-foot high, floor to ceiling, and clear glass windows for
spectacular unparalleled views. The building's simplicity and clarity of form are timeless, extending the long tradition of American ingenuity in high-rise construction. One World Trade Center will be a new visual landmark for New York and the United States.
One World Trade Center is designed to achieve LEED CS Gold Certification and its structure is designed around a strong, redundant steel frame, consisting of beams and columns. Paired with a concrete-core shear wall, the redundant steel frame lends substantial rigidity and redundancy to the overall building structure while providing column-free interior spans for maximum flexibility. The building incorporates highly advanced state-of-the-art life-safety systems that exceed the requirements of the New York City Building Code and that will lead the way in developing new innovative technology for high-rise building standards.
A New Level of Social Responsibility in Urban Design
Through unprecedented collaborations with technology and energy leaders throughout the world, One World Trade Center's design team used the latest methods to maximize efficiency, minimize waste a
nd pollution, conserve water, improve air quality and reduce the impacts of the development.
Taking advantage of the next generation of innovative energy sources, as well as off-site renewable wind and hydro power, One World Trade Center is slated to be both safe and environmentally friendly.
Unsurpassed Access
Workers commuting to One World Trade Center will enjoy unprecedented access to mass transit service. Dazzling new climate-controlled corridors will connect One World Trade Center to the WTC Transportation Hub and the new PATH terminal, 11 NYC Transit subway lines and the new Fulton Street Transit Center, the World Financial Center and ferry terminal, underground parking and approximately 450,000 square feet of world-class shopping and dining amenities developed by Westfield a leading world-wide retail property owner situated throughout the16-acre World trade Center campus.
One World Trade Center's location in Lower Manhattan positions it in close proximity to amenities at the World Financial Center, Battery Park City and the new West Side Promenade, as well as offers easy access to Tribeca, South Street Seaport and Wall Street. Neighborhood amenities include world-class shopping and a riverfront walkway in a mixed-use community that is active 24/7.
Leasing
To learn about leasing space, see floor plans and more, visit the One World Trade Center site.
Jihadists have launched a fresh bid to take over the Syria-Iraq border area and set up a so-called Islamic state they can control, rebels, activists and a monitoring group say.
Speaking from Albu Kamal on the Iraq border, Hussein said ISIS seeks to crush Al-Nusra Front, Al-Qaeda's Syria affiliate, and control the eastern, energy-rich province of Deir Ezzor bordering Iraq.
ISIS's long-time ambition of creating an area under its control stretching across Syria and Iraq was undermined by a massive January offensive against it by rival Islamist rebels.
In February, ISIS withdrew from most of Deir Ezzor after pitched battles with Al-Nusra and other Islamist groups, said rebel spokesperson Omar Abu Layla.
One such attack by ISIS on Friday killed 12 people, including three children, the Observatory said.
Rebel spokesperson Abu Layla, who opposes both ISIS and the Assad regime, said they believe ISIS has no future in Deir Ezzor.
...
Image copyright Australia Transport Safety Bureau
Australian authorities have cast doubt on the theory that Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 may have had a fire on board before it went missing.
Earlier this month, pieces of debris appearing to show burn marks were recovered in Madagascar.
However, authorities say there is no evidence yet that the debris came from MH370 - and the dark marks were caused by resin on the debris, not fire.
MH370 had 239 people on board when it vanished in March 2014.
The flight, which was flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, is presumed to have crashed into the southern Indian Ocean after veering off course.
'Localised heating'
The five fragments had been found by debris hunter Blaine Gibson, who has previously found other parts of the plane.
The pieces were recovered near Sainte Luce, in south-eastern Madagascar.
Two of the pieces appeared to show burn marks, which, experts said, could provide more information on what happened to flight MH370 if confirmed.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The relatives of those on board are still waiting for answers about the fate of the plane
However, Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester said on Thursday that an initial investigation showed that "contrary to speculation there is no evidence the item was exposed to heat or fire".
The dark markings on the two pieces of debris "related exclusively to a translucent resin that had been applied to those surfaces", a report from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said.
There were three small marks on one fragment that smelt burnt - but the heat damage appeared to be recent and a result of "localised heating", the ATSB added.
End of search?
A number of other pieces of debris, some confirmed to have come from MH370, have been found in countries near Madagascar.
They include a section of the wing called a flaperon, found on Reunion Island, and a horizontal stabilizer from the tail section and a stabilizer panel with a "No Step" stencil discovered in Mozambique.
Mr Gibson, a lawyer from Seattle, has funded their own search for debris in east Africa.
Australia has been leading the search for the missing aircraft, using underwater drones and sonar equipment deployed from specialist ships.
The search, also involving Malaysia and China, has led to more than 105,000 sq km (40,500 sq miles) of the 120,000 sq km search zone being scoured so far.
But countries have agreed that in the absence of "credible new information" the search is expected to end later this year.
Iranian worshippers chant slogans "death to Al-Saud family", a reference to the rulers of the Saudi kingdom in a reaction to the hajj crush deaths on Thursday, while they listen to the sermons of the Friday prayer in Tehran, Iran, Friday, Sept. 25, 2015. The protest came a day after at least 719 pilgrims died during a crush on the outskirts of the holy city of Mecca. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi) The Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's state prosecutor says they will pursue legal action against Saudi Arabia's rulers in international courts over the crush of pilgrims at this year's hajj, which killed more than 700 people, including 136 Iranians.
Ebrahim Raisi, speaking on state TV Saturday, called the disaster "a crime" subject to prosecution. They said Saudi authorities blocked a road used by hajj pilgrims to allow a royal convoy to pass through, causing the deadly convergence of two waves of pilgrims going in opposite directions.
At least 719 pilgrims suffocated or were trampled to death. Iranians comprise the largest group of casualties identified so far.
Iranian state TV says Ghazanfar Roknabadi, a former ambassador to Lebanon, as well as two Iranian state TV reporters and a prominent political analyst are among those still missing.
While the state's Highway 99 tunnel project's recent serious and scary mishaps show a massive transportation investment gone awry, it's important to highlight the absolutely incredible work Seattle is doing to increase safety near the city's schools.
Using a relatively small budget, the city's Safe Routes to School program is getting big results. This program shows government transportation work at its very best, saving kids from traffic collisions and making neighborhoods better for everyone.
And now you can help them identify even more locations near Seattle schools (public or private). The city launched a wikimap to crowdsource traffic danger spots near schools. And this isn't some toothless exercise: The city will pick 12 locations from this map and build them within the next couple years.
Details from SDOT:
We want to know where people are speeding, where people fail to stop for pedestrians or where crossing and/or sidewalk improvements are needed. And we've developed an online tool to help collect this information. The feedback you provide will be used to prioritize future infrastructure investments, enforcement activities, and educational outreach. In fact, SDOT will develop conceptual designs for 12 locations selected through this exercise and we will build each of these improvements over the next few years.
Tales from the olden days of Apple have always been popular among the geek crowd, especially when they come from people like Steve Wozniak. That's why a series of rare, vintage Woz videos uploaded to YouTube early Friday has sparked some interest. YouTube user Vince Patton told AppleInsider that the videos came from a VHS recording of Woz speaking at the Denver Apple Pi club on October 4, 1984, with Woz covering an entire range of topics. There's also a bonus appearance from Apple's sixth employee, Randy Wigginton.
Below are a handful of the videos uploaded by Patton (check out the rest on Patton's YouTube page):
Woz on being put on probation for "computer abuse":
Woz on quitting their job for Apple:
Woz on their favorite topic of all time: pranking:
Woz on yet even more pranks:
Woz on their allegiance to Steve Jobs:
Randy Wigginton on averting disaster:
Tommy Rydling from DICE here, hoping you are excited to go Back to Karkand! You can now buy, download and play Battlefield 3: Back to Karkand on PlayStation 3. To celebrate launch day, here is a brand-new gameplay trailer showing Wake Island running on PlayStation 3 hardware. I hope you like what we have done to this classic Battlefield map, and that you enjoy your one week PlayStation 3 exclusive head start on this expansion pack.
Once you have downloaded Back to Karkand, the four new maps (Wake Island, Strike at Karkand, Gulf of Oman, and Sharqi Peninsula) will be available in the server browser and in the Quick Match filter settings just like the nine maps from the base game. There will be servers that mix and match maps from the base game and Back to Karkand, so you will never have to commit to playing either base game or Back to Karkand maps in your gaming session.
That's it for today; keeping it short and sweet so I can go back to chasing my new Assignments. Hope you enjoyed the launch trailer, and hope to see you online. Let us know what you think about Back to Karkand in the Battlelog forums.
If you are a Battlefield 3 Limited Edition owner, you are entitled to this entire expansion pack at no extra charge and you can get it from the in-game store or the PlayStation Store. Otherwise, you can buy it for £11.99 / €14.99 starting today, from the game's in-game store or from the PlayStation Store. Every future expansion pack for Battlefield 3 will also be available one week early exclusively on PlayStation 3, just like Back to Karkand.
The Baltimore Ravens have placed RB Stephen Houston on waivers Sunday, according to Jeff Zrebiec.
Houston, 25, originally signed on with the Patriots as an undrafted free agent out of Indiana back in May of 2014. Houston was, unfortunately, waived during the preseason before later signing on with the Steelers.
Houston's time in Pittsburgh was also short-lived, as they were once again placed on waivers after just a few weeks with the Steelers. The Ravens signed them to a contract at the start of the preseason last year but they were unfortunately among their final roster cuts.
Baltimore later signed them to their practice squad and later brought them back on a future/reserve contract this past January.
During their college career at Indiana, Houston ran for 2,304 yards on 424 carries (5.4 YPC) and scored 29 total touchdowns.
Roman Pavlyuchenko scored 41 goals in 113 appearances for Spurs between 2008-2012 and was a popular figure with our fans. The 34-year-old former Russian international joined us from Spartak Moscow and played their part in our previous Champions League campaign in 2010-11, scoring four times as we reached the quarter-finals.
They now play for Ural Ekaterinburg in their homeland - coincidentally, they played against tonight's opponents CSKA Moscow on Saturday - and tells us about their fond memories of playing for Spurs and their thoughts on tonight's clash.
What are your memories of playing for Tottenham? What were your favourite moments during your time with us?
Roman: “I enjoyed every single moment during my three-and-a-half years there, because at every home match the stands were full of fans, even when it was a friendly game. This is great for the players, it's the reason to play and my whole stay at Tottenham was full of pleasure for me.”
Below: Roman scores against Inter
The win against Inter Milan at White Hart Lane in the Champions League in 2010, when you scored one of the goals in our 3-1 victory, must have been a highlight for you?
Roman: “Of course! When Gareth Bale, like they were riding a motorcycle, ran along the wing, I was alone in the centre. Bale did everything, all I needed was just to score.”
Are they one of the best players you've played with?
Roman: “Gareth Bale and Luka Modrić - the best players I played with. They are now world stars, leaders of Real Madrid. Besides them, I can also name Emmanuel Adebayor, Rafa van der Vaart, Robbie Keane, Peter Crouch… they were also the stars of that Spurs team."
Below: Pav celebrates a goal with Luka Modric and Gareth Bale
We face CSKA Moscow in the Champions League this evening. What can you tell us about CSKA? Who are their main dangermen?
Roman: “Roman Eremenko is a leader of CSKA, but they are banned at the moment. As for all the team, I would say there are good players there. CSKA was always a powerful team. I've heard it's called “Military machine” (named after Central Sport Club of the Army - CSKA).”
Some of CSKA's players faced Spurs players for Russia against England at Euro 2016. Do you think it helps them to know their opponents?
Roman: “Here in Russia, when the footballers play for their club, they will act another way than when they play for the national team, because here they have different team-mates, tactics and formations. Anyway, CSKA will analyse the Tottenham games and their coach Leonid Slutsky will tell them about the strengths and weakness of their opponent.”
Below: Pav - happy days at Spurs
Do you watch Tottenham's games? Have you followed our recent progress?
Roman: “If I have a chance I always watch Spurs matches. Every time I do, I'm happy to see the stadium where I played.”
Did you see the first game between the two sides in Moscow?
Roman: “I watched the first half. Unfortunately, I missed the second one, but I've seen the summary. That was a difficult game for Tottenham, but a good win for them."
Below: Pav in action for their latest club, Ural
How far do you think Spurs can go this season in the Premier League?
Roman: “I think the play of Tottenham can allow them to fight for the gold medal. The team has a good chance of winning the Premier League, because they have good players and some teams are not showing their best form."
What is your new club Ural Ekaterinburg like?
Roman: “It's absolutely a great club. Ural does not just exist, it has certain goals. There is a good atmosphere at the club and with the infrastructure we have, all we need is to just do our job - play football.”
Bryan and Lanette Davies, center, lead a prayer every evening for staff and patients at Canna Care in Sacramento, Calif. The evangelical medical marijuna supplier is in a public battle with the IRS. The dispensary is shown in November 2012. (Paul Kitagaki Jr./MCT)
The Canna Care dispensary, an evangelical medical marijuana provider renowned for doling out buds with Bibles, is waging a public fight with the Internal Revenue Service over an $873,167 tax penalty sought under a tax code aimed at drug traffickers.
On Tuesday, the U.S. Tax Court in San Francisco is due to hear Canna Care's challenge over whether the IRS can impose the hefty tax demand under a 1982 law intended to close a loophole that allowed a Minneapolis cocaine and methamphetamine dealer to claim tax deductions for a scale, their apartment rent and telephone expenses.
In the case of Canna Care, the IRS has refused to accept $2.6 million in business deductions for employee salaries, rent and other costs after auditing 2006, 2007 and 2008 federal tax returns for the north Sacramento dispensary. However, the IRS did allow the dispensary, which handles about $2 million in medical marijuana transactions a year, to deduct the costs of the marijuana itself.
The IRS has used the Reagan-era tax code, known as 280E, to seek tax penalties against numerous California dispensaries under the argument that their business expenses constitute support of drug-trafficking operations.
Those targeted have included the state's largest medical marijuana provider, Harborside Health Center, which is negotiating with the IRS over the government's demand for $2.5 million in back taxes for Harborside's Oakland and San Jose dispensaries.
Samples of medical marijuana are displayed at Canna Care in Sacramento, Calif. The evangelical medical marijuna supplier is in a public battle with the IRS over a nearly $900,000 tax penalty. The dispensary is shown in August 2009. (Paul Kitagaki Jr./MCT)
The IRS also played a role in sweeping crackdowns on medical marijuana businesses that California's four U.S. attorneys initiated in late 2011. IRS agents joined in the raids on the Oaksterdam University marijuana trade school and dispensary of Richard Lee as they were seeking to negotiate their tax debt under the 280E tax code. Lee was the architect of Proposition 19, an unsuccessful 2010 bid to legalize recreational marijuana use in California.
The agency also raided Sacramento's former El Camino Wellness dispensary and seized its bank accounts under federal money-laundering statutes used to target narcotics traffickers. No charges have resulted in either case.
Canna Care director Lanette Davies said they and their husband, Bryan Davies, the dispensary's chief executive, had no dispute with the IRS over any of the figures reported in their tax returns. They said the IRS made an offer of $100,000 to settle their tax case. But they said they decided to challenge the demand in court because they considered it a punitive tax against cannabis outlets that other businesses do not pay.
Davies, whose family-run dispensary runs radio ads inviting neighbors and medical marijuana patients for nightly prayer sessions, said the couple will not accept a settlement that calls for paying “a couple extra percent of your gross sales” to the government.
“To me, that's buying protection money,” they said.
Davies said the dispensary operates as a not-for-profit business under California's medical marijuana laws and declared a modest business loss on its taxes in 2006. They noted that the IRS allows deductions for the business costs of acquiring marijuana — the one item that is illegal under federal law — but will not let the dispensary claim routine business deductions.
“They don't accept that I pay my employees well and that I provide them with full dental and medical insurance,” Davies said. “They don't accept the rent of our place, our liability insurance, our workman's comp insurance, our phones or our security, a big expense for us.”
The IRS does not comment on tax cases, but according to court papers the agency demanded that Canna Care pay $229,473 in additional income taxes for 2006, $304,090 for 2007 and $339,604 for 2008.
In a petition challenging the IRS finding of tax deficiencies for Canna Care, attorney Spencer Malysiak argued that the agency's refusal to accept the dispensary's routine business expenses violates the 14th Amendment's equal protection clause. The petition argued that the IRS was “tacitly” working to enforce U.S. drug laws against the dispensary even as it allowed Canna Care to deduct its costs of goods, the marijuana.
The IRS action “amounts to a de facto prohibition against medicinal marijuana dispensaries, and is tantamount to a criminal prosecution,” Malysiak wrote in the petition.
Henry Wykowski, a tax attorney who is representing Harborside, said it is common for dispensaries to fight IRS tax claims in court with a goal of minimizing their financial burden. But they said Canna Care stands out by appearing to reject negotiations to reduce its taxes and penalties.
“I would say the big picture is they were offered the settlement, and for whatever reason they decided not to take it,” Wykowski said. “Now they're set for trial with regards to the [tax] deficiency. I can't give you any idea of what their chances of success are.”
Wykowski was one of the attorneys involved in a landmark California case in which the IRS tried — and failed — to win a $426,000 judgment for back taxes and penalties against a San Francisco medical marijuana provider, Californians Helping to Alleviate Medical Problems. The 2007 case resulted in a court ruling that the dispensary's biggest expense — the marijuana — was deductible because U.S. tax law allows businesses to deduct the cost of goods sold.
The tax court also ruled that the dispensary could deduct the majority of its employee costs as care-giving expenses, and the dispensary ended up paying a tax assessment of $4,905.
Davies said that Canna Care employs 12 people, their husband receives an average salary of $100,000 as the CEO, and they are paid $75,000 a year as the director and an advocate on medical marijuana issues. They said other employees make between $30,000 and $40,000, in addition to health benefits. They said the dispensary maintains its not-for-profit status in part by supporting charities, including cancer research and a community Christmas event in Sacramento.
“We're hoping to bring awareness to this statute and the fact it's unconstitutional,” they said. “All cannabis businesses in the United States should be treated as legitimate businesses.”
— McClatchy-Tribune
Driving dodgy in the digital age? You're caught already.
As in most Australian states, Queensland Police are now actively operating the next-generation of crime fighting technology: Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR). In Queensland alone, the tech has been used to accurately scan number plates over 23 million times in the last 15 months. Fitted to police vehicles across the state, ANPR scanners have the ability to fight crime in ways previously the domain of science fiction. Speaking to CarAdvice on the implementation of the system, Jeffrey Douglas, Acting Inspector and Operations Manager of the QLD Police road policing task force, says the system has been in several stages of development since 2012, when QLD police acquired four vehicles fitted with four different systems for a trial. Since the beginning of last year, when a single supplier of the system was chosen, 61 police vehicles have now been fitted with the latest in ANPR technology, with a database of 1.8 million ‘hotlist' number plates. The list includes licence plates that have been cancelled, unregistered, reported as stolen, or whose owners are wanted in connection with a crime. There are also alerts for vehicles whose registered owner has a history of drink- or drug-driving, amongst other things.
Above: although we cannot display scanned number plates for this article, our time with a QLD Police ANPR unit showed the system's scanning and interpretation to be immensely accurate. So, how does the system work? From the outside, vehicles fitted with ANPR are identifiable by the two large camera units fitted on either side of the police car, with a tablet-style screen inside and a processing system located in the back of the vehicle. The two cameras run a consistent video feed, and take photos of any characters in real time. The system can in theory process 16 number plates per second across multiple lanes, which explains how the ANPR-enabled vehicles have managed to scan a staggering 23 million plates in just over a year. They are two separate camera systems on either side, one which takes normal colour photos and another which takes infrared images, able to detect number plates in pitch black. Making the process of detection no more difficult at night than during the day.
With a database that large, the ANPR vehicles are updated over WiFi each time they enter a compatible police station. The vehicles automatically connect to the WiFi and download the latest database of hotlist plates, and pass back information about the number plates scanned and their related data back to the system. This means, rather than relying on a cellular data connection, the system does all of its identification through on-board databases. Data being passed back includes all vehicles scanned (regardless of their status on the wanted list), which has left some in the public labelling the ANPR system as being a little too ‘big brother' and intrusive, but Douglas says the recorded data is very much vehicle-focused and not about the individual. “I understand that there has been some sensitivity in relation to ‘big brother' or ‘you're watching and looking at me', [but] we don't have personal particulars” Douglas told CarAdvice. “All we are recording is registration plate and time, date and place, so for an investigation we would still need to investigate who the driver was, so there is a big step between collecting data and identifying somebody. So, personal data? We don't have that.”
Douglas argues that having the number plates of repeat offenders or suspect criminals on record is beneficial to the community. “By being able to include number plates of people who are either suspected of being involved or certainly involved with illegal activity, whether that be driving offences or otherwise... we might [for example] get some crime stopper information about somebody who is a habitual drink driver.” Needless to say, number plate recognition systems already exist with toll roads and even some shopping centres – which police could access as part of an active investigation - so the data is already being collected via other means. Although no definite timeline has been established for how long the data can be kept, CarAdvice believes draft legislation will allow for the storing of such data for up to five years. Douglas says there are three different ways for the system's deployment. Firstly, vehicles can be parked on the side of the road as part of regular policing duty, whereby the system will throw up a warning if a wanted vehicle drives past (in either direction). Generally, this is then reported to a police unit further up the road who will perform the pull-over operation.
Secondly, they can be used while the police car is actively performing policing duty, and, thirdly, the system is never switched off, so if a police car is simply being driven for another purpose and it happens to detect a wanted vehicle, it will throw up the appropriate alarms. During a brief demonstration that lasted no more than 15 minutes on a road with a large police station across the road, the ANPR vehicles that CarAdvice experienced managed to detect multiple wanted vehicles, one which was reported as stolen and another whose owner had been marked for previous offences related to operating a vehicle under the influence. The second warning does seem as though its more about the person than the car, however the way the database works is simply a large collection of number plates that have been collected - so, while a vehicle may come up with a warning for being stolen or registered to a repeat DUI offender, it doesn't mean the person operating the vehicle is under suspicion, more so that a check will be carried out as standard procedure.
Douglas gave a common example of when a person has lost their licence and are the registered owner of a vehicle, this would then throw an alarm regardless of who is driving the vehicle, in this case usually the partner or the kids. This would be resolved with a simple matter of a basic licence check. Higher priority is given to stolen vehicles than, say, a potential repeat offender or suspected unlicensed driver. Perhaps most importantly, the system has been used in much more serious police operations for when a child has been reported as missing (amber alert), whereby ANPR vehicles are rapidly deployed to a certain area and are far more effective at spotting a vehicle than human eyes, especially at night. No official figures exist for the number of drivers or owners that have been charged as a result of ANPR vehicles in operation, due to the court proceedings that usually follow, however we suspect given the high scanning rate, and going by our brief demonstration that netted multiple vehicles, the numbers would be rather high. There are some limitations to the system, however - most prominent of which is that it doesn't have an active list of wanted number plates from other states, so an unregistered NSW vehicle would go free driving past.
Growing up in Northeast Florida, college football allegiance wasn't much of a debate for Derrick Henry.
"Yeah," they said. "I grew up a Gator fan."
That ended a few years ago. Now the Yulee, Fla., product is seeing their old favorites a second time when Alabama meets Florida at 3 p.m. CT in the SEC Championship Game. They were part of last year's team that beat Florida 42-21 in Bryant-Denny Stadium.
"I loved the Gators. I'm from Florida. I always watched them," Henry said. "I really loved when (Tim) Tebow was there. I'm a big fan of Tebow. It was a very exciting time to be a Florida fan. But I'm in college now and I play for Alabama."
As a high school senior, Henry got a chance to meet Tebow at the U.S. Army All-American game. The typically stoic interview subject cracked a few smiles recalling that moment.
"I was very excited to meet him," Henry said. "He's from my area and they did a lot of great things along with being a great person. I was very excited to meet him."
But was they star struck?
"A little bit," they said with a grin. "I feel like he's legendary for some of the things they did in college."
Now the favorite to win the same Heisman Trophy that Tebow claimed in 2007, Henry's not putting themselves on that level.
"Oh no, no no," they said. "I still have a lot of stuff to work on."
Henry is one rushing touchdown from tying Tebow and Tre Mason for the SEC season record.
A couple of weeks ago, Gwen Stefani announced that they were back in the studio. “I've been working on new music, which I'm so excited to release this year,” the No Doubt diva told Weekender. “I can't say too much about it just yet, but I've had so much fun in the studio.” Well, it looks like the flawless 47-year-old is recording a Christmas album. They have registered a bunch of tracks with BMI and, as the pop icon's eagle-eyed fans point out, they all have a festive theme.
Song titles include “Christmas Eve,” “My Gift Is You,” “Under The Christmas Lights” and “When I Was A Little Girl.” All of those tracks were co-written with Busbee and Justin Tranter. There might even be another duet with Blake Shelton in the works.  They are listed as a co-writer on “You Make It Feel Like Christmas.” Of course, a track being registered is no guarantee that it will ever see the light of day. However, all signs point to Gwen working on a seasonal opus. It looks like Sia is going to have some competition!
Y'all ready for a @gwenstefani Christmas album?! ☃️🎄There have been 4 new songs registered for Gwen. More info:https://t.co/7CAjBwtZuU pic.twitter.com/jrEPIFb4Xa — Gwen Stefani Daily (@DailyGwen) August 1, 2017
Are you here for Gwen's Christmas opus? Let us know below, or by hitting us up on Facebook and Twitter!
Readers of a certain generation, asked to envision a vampirically alluring lady of cinema, may find their imaginations going straight to Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. But the tradition of the silver-screen "vamp" goes much deeper, reaching all the way back to the silent era. The term itself was first coined to refer to Theda Bara, not exactly a household name now, but then in a league with Charlie Chaplin and Mary Pickford. They were one of the most popular performers alive.
Bara revealed to a generation of moviegoers the sheer erotic power of cinema, an accomplishment you can glimpse in the clip above of 1915's A Fool There Was, the picture that made them an icon. The minute they arrives on screen, writes The Guardian's Kira Cochrane, "it becomes obvious why they were so popular — why they went on to have songs written about her, children named after her, a perfume and even a sandwich (minced ham, mayonnaise, sliced pimento and sweet pickles on toast — served warm) created in their honour." Them face, though it may not seem so notable at first, soon "comes into its own — so much so that when you learn that their character's malevolence has led one man to jail, another to beggary, and their most recent victim to a very public suicide, you believe it."
Frank Powell, director of A Fool There Was, "took a chance on a 29 year-old Theda (she lied and said they were 25)" by asking them to star, writes Messy Nessy's Addison Nugent. "It's the story of a devoted family man who, while on a ship to England, meets a beautiful stranger referred to only as 'The Vampire Woman.' This mysterious creature corrupts their soul, destroys their family, drains them of all of their money and dignity, and eventually causes their demise."
And so the former Theodosia Goodman — with some assistance from Fox Studios' PR team, who "planted false stories in the press and invented a fantasy backstory for her" — swiftly became a new kind of femme fatale for this new artistic and commercial medium. These dangerous young women, write the New York history podcasters the Bowery Boys, "were the spiritual children of the prior generation of newly empowered women who fought against the constraints of Victorian society. A few years later, as another vein of female power (the temperance movement) helped bring about Prohibition, these young women would be called flappers, carefree and fueled on the powers of jazz and illegal alcohol."
During their dozen-year-long screen career, Bara made some forty films in total, most of them lost in the Fox vault fire of 1937, including the 1917 epic Cleopatra, a few fragments of which you can see in the video above. Them final appearance, in 1926's Madame Mystery, both parodied the vamp image they could never quite shake and saw their bid farewell to the world of silent cinema. "Before pictures grew up and started to talk, we had to translate all our motion into pantomime," said Bara themselves in a later radio interview. "We had to express jealousy, hate, love, or devotion all in pantomime, and at the same time keep pace as the director guided us just as a metronome guides a pianist."
The vamp, as Bara played and defined the figure, expressed all those emotions with a fearsome vividness, and they "became so synonymous with the term that they are now referred to as the original on-screen vamp," writes Cochrane, "the woman who made performances such as that of Louise Brooks in Pandora's Box, Barbara Stanwyck in Double Indemnity and Linda Fiorentino in The Last Seduction possible." Or as the original vamp summed up their own legacy, "To be good is to be forgotten. I'm going to be so bad I'll always be remembered."
A Fool There Was will be added to our collection, 1,150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc..
Related Content:
Watch After the Ball, the 1897 “Adult” Film by Pioneering Director Georges Méliès (Almost NSFW)
Brokeback Before Brokeback: The First Same-Sex Kiss in Cinema (1927)
Based in Seoul, Colin Marshall writes and broadcasts on cities and culture. He's at work on a book about Los Angeles, A Los Angeles Primer, the video series The City in Cinema, the crowdfunded journalism project Where Is the City of the Future?, and the Los Angeles Review of Books' Korea Blog. Follow them on Twitter at @colinmarshall or on Facebook.
Supporters for both former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders cheer for their Democratic presidential candidates at a caucus site inside the Caesars Palace in Las Vegas (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
As the Democratic presidential primary contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders has grown much closer, some commentators suggest that Clinton's campaign is being bombarded with sexist invective — especially from Sanders supporters.
But based on systematic analysis of recent Twitter data, we find that little of the attacks directed at Clinton can be attributed to the left in general or Sanders supporters in particular. And a remarkably small number of tweets mentioning Clinton contain the most egregious and overt forms of sexism: gendered slurs.
The #BernieBros
Quite a few observers have suggested that a hostile and misogynistic ethos has built up among some men who #FeelTheBern — the so-called “Bernie Bros.” Journalist Joan Walsh, for example, complains of “vile” online trolling, harassment and sexism coming from “Berniebot keyboard warriors.”
[How the ‘Obama effect' helps Hillary Clinton and hurts Bernie Sanders with black voters]
On the other hand, writer Glenn Greenwald calls the Bernie Bro narrative an “all-purpose, handy pro-Clinton smear” used to undermine legitimate criticism of Clinton. They argue that Sanders supporters are not “uniquely abusive and misogynistic in their online behavior” and points out that there are plenty of women among die-hard Sanders supporters.
So far, the case presented by each side has been based on a series of (admittedly often disturbing) anecdotes, rather than systematic analysis.
We, therefore, decided to investigate how much hostility and sexism Clinton faces, as well as who seems to be behind such attacks, on a social media platform particularly notorious for abusive behavior: Twitter. We captured 101,021 tweets containing mentions of @HillaryClinton, @BernieSanders, or both in real time during the New Hampshire primary and analyzed both the content and senders of these tweets.
[Parents of daughters support Hillary Clinton more than parents of sons]
Here's how we did our analysis
The first step of our analysis examined what types of words were associated with tweets mentioning each candidate. We fit a series of statistical models with words that occur at least 50 times as the independent variables, and with whom the tweet mentions (i.e., @HillaryClinton, @BernieSanders, or both) as the dependent variable. In other words, we examined how well the presence of a word in a tweet predicts who the tweet is about.
Naturally, we were not interested in the actual prediction (we knew who the tweet was talking about), but in the weight assigned to each word. The larger the weight, the stronger the word's association with a given candidate.
We then took a closer look at the tone of the 100 words most strongly associated each candidate. To assess tone, we coded a random sample of tweets containing each of these words. Rather than let a word “speak for itself,” we wanted to place it in context to more accurately understand whether the term was being used in a positive, negative, or neutral way.
[Bill O'Reilly will flee to Ireland if Sanders is elected. He's in for a shock.]
For example, on its own, the word “email” is neutral, but when used in tweets mentioning @HillaryClinton, “email” relates to the ongoing investigation of Clinton's use of private servers while Secretary of State and actually carries a negative connotation. Combining this information with the weight the model assigned to each word provides us with an intriguing picture of how Twitter users address the Democratic candidates.
As these two figures show, the words associated with @HillaryClinton are far more negative than those associated with @BernieSanders. Only nine words associated with Sanders are negative in tone, and 40 are positive. Just eight words associated with Clinton are positive, and 53 are negative.
[What's wrong with Bernie Sanders' message? They make people feel poor]
However, most of the negative words directed at Clinton — such as “Benghazi,” “injustice,” “jail,” “emails” and “unborn” — are associated with longstanding rightwing claims and do not point to specific critiques coming from the left. Indeed, just two of the words associated with @HillaryClinton – “Goldman” and “donors” — are tied to complaints commonly offered by progressives (in this case the claim that Clinton is cozy with Wall Street elite). And both of these words fall near the bottom of the top 100 rankings (at 97th and 98th, respectively).
So did we find sexist rhetoric?
Drawing on the literature addressing mass media coverage of female politicians, we next evaluated how many of these words carried gendered connotations. Gendered terms include those related to emotions, family life, policy areas often considered more masculine or feminine (e.g., defense and the military vs. education), physical appearance and so on.
As the following figure demonstrates, only 12 words associated with @BernieSanders carry gendered meaning. None were negative, and three of the four positive words refer to Sanders's prowess on the basketball court.
In contrast, among the 29 gendered words associated with Clinton, 13 carry a negative connotation, including several related to their husband. Indeed, the vast majority of the tweets mentioning Bill Clinton either blame Hillary Clinton for, or suggest their complicity in, their husband's sexual misdeeds. Interestingly, three of the four positively toned gendered words are stereotypically masculine. All three suggest Clinton is “fighting” for someone or something.
Most of the negative words in this group are consistent with misogynistic claims, and several are particularly disturbing (e.g., “vagina,” “b*tch”). To understand these dynamics even further, we searched all tweets mentioning @HillaryClinton for any term from a set of 30 common gendered slurs, such as “bimbo,” “slut,” “whore,” and “shrill.” (A number of these slurs are too crude to mention.) We then hand-coded all of the tweets in which these slurs appeared, assessing whether the insult was indeed directed at Hillary Clinton.
In the end, we found that 23 of the 30 gendered slurs were directed at Clinton. However, out of a total 52,181 tweets mentioning @HillaryClinton, just 606, or 1.16 percent, contained these insults. While these slurs only represent one particularly overt form of sexism, the fact that so few were present in these tweets is remarkable.
Is Bernie Bros behind the slurs?
This is quite a small number. But any such slur is troubling. And we still need to know who is responsible for the invective.
Therefore, in the final stage of analysis, we coded whether each slur originated from a Bernie Sanders supporter (as determined by their Twitter bios or corpus of tweets) and, among verifiable Sanders supporters, whether the sender was male, female, or unknown.
The vast majority of the slurs were associated with Twitter users on the right — particularly self-identified Trump supporters. But 14.7 percent came from those backing Sanders. Among Sanders supporters, 60.6 percent tweeting gendered slurs were men, 29.2 percent women, and 10.1 percent unknown. Most slurs are used by both genders, but some seem more specific: in the data, “whore” was used as an insult mostly by female Sanders supporters.
Thus, while we do find some evidence of Bernie Bros' bad behavior, abuse against Clinton by Sanders supporters — both male and female —seems relatively limited. Clinton certainly faces a barrage of negativity and a heavy dose of sexism on Twitter. But that mostly appears to come from the right.
And though any and all instances of sexist slurs deserve condemnation, Sanders' keyboard warriors accounted for just 89 such tweets during the New Hampshire primary. That is a mere 0.17 percent of all the tweets mentioning @HillaryClinton that we examined.
[Are moms and daughters divided over Hillary Clinton? Not so fast.]
That analysis doesn't mean Sanders supporters are free of misogyny or sexism. We have not captured all forms of online sexism, only some of the most egregious and overt. And we do not examine abuse of female Clinton supporters, just of Clinton herself.
However, our analysis does provide a better understanding of the extent and character of the attacks lodged against Hillary Clinton online. And it seems relatively little abuse originates from the left. The fact that Sanders, also roundly denounced by the right, receives so little negative attention on Twitter fits with a gendered dynamic. Research shows us that all women —not just politicians, not just Clinton — are much more likely to face harassment and abuse online than are men.
Rebekah Tromble is an assistant professor in the Institute of Political Science at Leiden University. Dirk Hovy is a postdoctoral researcher in computational sociolinguistics at the University of Copenhagen.
