Last week, we posted the first half of an interview with Marc Goodman, author of the upcoming book Future Crimes. In that first installment, Goodman looked ahead to the weird world of future crime. This week we'll return to the present, where there's a war afoot. A war for our information and technology. The combatants? Criminals, governments, and private corporations. And according to Goodman, most of us are wide open online.
“Cybersecurity is not turning into an arms race,” Goodman told us. “It is an arms race and has been that way for the last 20 years.”
According to Goodman, Gartner estimates spending on cybersecurity will hit $100 billion by 2017. And yet the number of data breaches are growing apace. They say up to 30% of security products go unused, software is buggy, and users are unaware of the risk.
And of course, it isn't just criminals. We willingly surrender the rights to our information too. That free app's epic terms of service you never read? They might authorize the app's maker to use data in ways you never dreamed or sell it to others.
Reading Future Crimes, you get the sense we've unwittingly opened Pandora's Box. But the message is more hopeful (and practical) than that. Goodman is, as they say, an irrational optimist. Check out part two of our interview to find out why.
Early in the book you write, “All or most of the information needed to destroy [your] digital life…is readily available online to anybody who is the least bit devious or creative.” Even if we become more responsible, and more carefully guard our cybersecurity—it seems there's no going back.
I would say do not abandon hope. Yes, we face challenges, but there is a tremendous amount we can do to improve our security posture. There's a study I include in the book by the Australian Ministry of Defence. I reworked and updated it a little bit. I call it the Update Protocol, and if you follow the six steps therein, you can reduce your cyber threat risk by 85%.
This, of course, is phenomenal.
I compare our current attitude to car theft. If you take a brand-new BMW and park it in a bad neighborhood, leave the keys in the ignition, the doors and windows open, and $10K on the dashboard: You won't be surprised if your car is stolen. That is the cybersecurity posture of most people today. They are wide open for abuse.
Conversely, you can take every possible precaution—and still your car can be stolen. Somebody can come along with a tow truck or a flatbed and take the car. The fact is there is no such thing as perfect security. It doesn't exist.
But we can all individually and communally take steps that are the equivalent of locking the doors to our houses and not leaving the keys in our cars' ignitions. That's what I'm trying to get people to do.
It's pretty difficult to take part in modern life without using information technology. Knowing what you do, how do you participate and still protect yourself? What's one easy thing everyone could do to better secure their data?
I always joke, “Oh, I would never use the Internet. It's too scary and dangerous.” But kidding aside, we can enjoy these technologies. The trick is to use them wisely. If I had to give one piece of advice, it would be stopped, think, and then connect.
Too often, we reflexively click on links and open attachments in emails. This is one of the most common ways of infecting somebody with malware. Before you click on a link, before you open up an email, if you have any question—pick up the phone and call your friend or colleague and ask if they sent the message.
The recent attacks on Sony, Target, and Home Depot all have the same thing in common: A phishing attack wherein somebody created a compelling email and got another person to click on a link or open an attachment.
Don't fall for it. That one step alone could save you a lot of trouble.
Given revelations about the NSA spying on foreign officials and Europe pushing back on Google about privacy, might the Internet fracture as states erect walls online? Are we headed away from a truly World Wide Web?
The answer is yes. The Internet is unfortunately balkanizing. We're seeing it in response to the Snowden revelations. Google, Microsoft, Cisco, and others, are finding it more difficult to do business in Europe and other parts of the world because people are conflating their technology with NSA spying.
Further, there are many countries around the world, probably more than a hundred of them, like Iran or Saudi Arabia, that have one type of surveillance or Internet filtering software or another. Most notably, China's Great Firewall prevents users from accessing certain content—Facebook, for example, or on occasion the BBC.
And it's not just despotic regimes implementing these firewalls. There have been reports that countries like the UK and Australia also have national firewalls. The purpose is to limit access to child pornography and other harmful content.
Even in the everyday transformation of technology there is a move away from general purpose computing to more lockdown versions of technology.
When we used to access the Internet, it was mostly via the browser. Today you access Facebook via your Facebook app or Twitter via your Twitter app. Each stores and uses (and perhaps even misuses) your data based on its own individual terms and conditions that you theoretically agreed to but, in fact, never read.
So, whether or not you realize it, there is a war afoot on the Internet between criminals, terrorists, democratic governments, despotic governments. These groups and others are battling for your information and access to the World Wide Web. All of which is limiting the global impact and interconnectedness of the Internet.
Your book testifies to the major but underappreciated threats of present and future technologies. Yet, you say you're irrationally optimistic. Why is that?
We are the same people of the same species that literally put a man on the Moon. Surely, if we could solve that problem, we can solve our current cyber-insecurity.
I believe in my heart, that there are many, many more good people in this world than there are bad people. If that community comes together and starts working on technology risks, there is no reason we can't greatly mitigate them.
But that brighter future won't come to us for free; it won't magically appear.
There are two forces pulling on the future of technology, those who want to leverage it for the greatest good, and those who want to exploit it for their own personal benefit and to the detriment of each other. Which way the future turns out will be dependent on which side is more interested and can leverage the greater crowd.
There is no reason we can't solve this problem. We just have to care.
Future Crimes: Everything Is Connected, Everyone Is Vulnerable and What We Can Do About It by Marc Goodman is available February 24. Order your copy today.
Marc Goodman has spent a career in law enforcement and technology. They have served as a street police officer, senior adviser to Interpol and futurist-in-residence with the FBI. As the founder of the Future Crimes Institute and the Chair for Policy, Law, and Ethics at Silicon Valley's Singularity University, they continue to investigate the intriguing and often terrifying intersection of science and security, uncovering nascent threats and combating the darker sides of technology. Follow them on Twitter at @FutureCrimes.
Image Credit: Shutterstock
Pastor George Hunley posing as "Mark Joston" (Screenshot/YouTube)
A U.S. Army veteran noticed a curious thing at a recent convocation event at Jerry Falwell's Liberty University. A graying man was wearing military dress uniform and badges that indicate what seemed like an impossible accumulation of achievements and commendations.
The man identified themselves as Mark Joston, the Friendly Atheist reports. Joston had insignia on their uniform identifying them as a Navy SEAL with four purple hearts, an Afghanistan and Iraq veteran, and rear admiral for the CIA's special ops.
Turns out, those unbelievable achievements were just that — unbelievable.
The man was none of those things, nor was their name Mark Joston. They were Pastor George Hunley of Louisa, Virginia, who earlier this year was arrested for falsely reporting to police they were robbed and shot by a black man.
Veterans were quick to detect inconsistencies in Hunley's story.
“This guy made a big mistake by putting on that Navy Cross if they did not earn it because there are only a dozen or so who have earned the distinguished Navy Cross during the war on terror,” writes Michael Swaney at Popular Military. “There is no Mark Joston or “Josten” to be found on any list of Navy Cross recipients. However, there are three unidentified Navy SEALS who earned the Navy Cross during the global war on terrorism. So we cross-referenced their name with the Navy Silver Star recipients and there is also no Mark Joston or Josten.”
After Swaney wrote about Joston, their readers pointed out a Raw Story post from February in which Hunley led police on a fabricated story that he'd been robbed and shot by an interracial couple he'd pulled over to try and assist on the road. Their story fell apart at that time because police couldn't find any evidence Hunley had been shot, and also found their wallet and checkbook, which they claimed had been taken in the incident.
Watch the video, as posted to YouTube by Nizzland456, here:
We had a lot of good things to say about Dell's XPS-13 Developer Edition when we reviewed it in April 2013—in fact, the best thing about it was how normal it was. Dell took the time to do Linux on an Ultrabook correctly, and the resulting platform was a slim Linux-powered portable that just worked, Cupertino-style.
This morning, Dell has announced that their Developer Edition line of Linux-powered laptops is getting a pretty significant revamp. In addition to an upgraded XPS-13 Developer Edition based on Dell's 2015 XPS-13 refresh, the line is adding a piece of workstation-class hardware: the Dell Precision M3800 mobile workstation, Developer Edition.
The branding is a bit of a mouthful, but the hardware to back it up is substantial. Built around Dell's M3800 workstation-class laptop, the Developer Edition ships with what Dell Web Vertical Director Barton George calls "the vanilla image of the most recent LTS release (14.04)." The workstation's default configuration includes a 15.6" 1920x1080 display, 8GB of RAM, and a 500GB 7200 RPM hard drive, but it can be customized with up to 16GB of 1600MHz DDR3 RAM, a 1TB mSATA SSD, and a 15.6 UltraSharp IGZO UHD Touch display with 3840x2160 pixels.
The base configuration lists at $1533.50, while the price with upgrades comes up in the configuration tool as $2,765.50 (though about $1,000 of that is the 1TB SSD—going with a 256GB 2.5" SSD instead of the mSATA 1TB option drops the price by $735 to $2,030.50).
As we saw when we reviewed the original XPS-13 Developer Edition, the key selling point of buying an Ubuntu portable from a company like Dell is the integration and support, especially with peripheral drivers for things like Wi-Fi chipsets and trackpads. Dell has promised Ars a review unit as soon as they're available, and our expectation is that the M3800 Developer Edition will hold together under daily usage just as well as its predecessor did. We're especially curious to see how Ubuntu's desktop environment handles HiDPI mode—various reports from around the Web indicate that things more or less work for hobbyists who have tried, and so we definitely want to put our eyes on what an OEM's implementation looks like.
Would-be customers with money to spend don't have to wait on our review to see what the new device is like, though: the M3800 Developer Edition is available to purchase right now.
by Fareed Khan
No lawyer comes forward to defend Shazia Bashir, the servant girl murdered by their employer. The powerful association of lawyers in Lahore, arrayed in defence of the murderer, launches death threats and prevents access to the Court. Christian Association condemns this new form of terrorism.
Islamabad (AsiaNews) - Because of the threats posed by the powerful Lahore Bar Association – an umbrella organization of city lawyers - no Christian or Muslim lawyer is ready to take on the defence in the murder of 12 year-old Shazia Bashir, it was reported yesterday by The Pakistani Christian association that deals with legal assistance.
The girl, of Christian faith, died on Jan. 23 as a result of violence - even sexual – at the hands of their employer, a wealthy and powerful Muslim lawyer in Lahore. The alleged murderess, Chaudhry Mohammad Naeem, is a former president of the Lahore High Court Bar Association. The girl, just 12 years old, had worked as a maid in the home of Naeem in the last six months. The Center for Legal Aid Assistance and Settlement (CLAAS) denounces that access to the courtroom where the court hearings were held against the accused was denied, because a group of Muslim lawyers (pictured) 'prevented' entry. The association is fighting - for free - for the rights of the poorest and marginalized groups has been threatened by thousands of lawyers - friends of the murderer - that promise to burn alive anyone who wants to represent the victim in court. "
M. Joseph Francis, director of Claas, asked members of civil society, political and religious leaders to rise up and take steps to "condemn this new form of terrorism" by lawyers who "should ensure justice." The Pakistani newspaper The News reported that on Feb. 4, the police conducted the accused to the courts amid "tight security. And, as usual, officials prevented journalists and relatives of victims to come into the hall for "security reasons".
Shazia Bashir's family could not access the court not once but three times, a strange fact, regarding the judiciary in Pakistan. Police officials explain that it would "not be possible" to prevent clashes and violence, where "Shazia's relatives and representatives of minorities to enter the courtroom."
Over the weekend, liberals and Democrats have seized on Congressman John Lewis' mantle as a “civil rights legend” to criticize President-Elect Trump for having the gall to acknowledge that the Democratic politician is “All talk, no action.”
As always, the controversy began when a liberal launched an unprovoked attack against Trump, with the Congressional Black Caucus member declaring that the President-Elect will not be a “legitimate president.”
As always, after being gratuitously insulted, Trump offered a blistering counterpunch, correctly pointing out that: “Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping their district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested), rather than falsely complaining about the election results.”
And, as always, Democrats and their allies in the liberal media have sought to capitalize on Trump's response by furiously waiving the race card. Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi, for example, tweeted, “Ahead of #MLKday2017, let us remember that many have tried to silence @repjohnlewis over the years. All have failed.” Meanwhile, echoing the Democratic Party's anti-Trump attack message (as always), the liberal Los Angeles Times posted an article entitled, “Trump kicks off Martin Luther King weekend by sharply criticizing civil rights icon John Lewis,” in a transparent attempt to smear Trump as a racist who supposedly attacked a black “civil rights icon” for no good reason.
This new controversy, which has a deja-vu feel to it, serves as a vivid reminder that liberals and some weak-kneed conservatives have failed to learn the lessons of the past election. Rather than standing up against Democrats' foul race card tactics, Republican Senator Ben Sasse, who has a track record of trying to undermine the President-Elect, tweeted that “John Lewis and their ‘talk' have changed the world.” They did not point out, however, that the “talk” they were referring to occurred over 50 years ago and that Rep. Lewis has been a career politician for the past three decades with little to show for it.
The Nebraska Senator was joined by another conservative, Bill Kristol, a prominent Never Trumper, who disingenuously wrote that “[i]t's telling, I'm afraid, that Donald Trump treats Vladimir Putin with more respect than they do John Lewis.” The only thing that is telling about this episode, however, is that it is another reminder we have a new President who is willing to fight back and not be pushed around. That is news conservatives like Kristol should welcome instead of cowering from.
Other Republicans, fearful of the political correctness crowd, also weighed in, suggesting that it was “stupid” for Trump to “pick a fight” with the Congressional Black Caucus member and that they should not “go there.”
That Democrats would attempt to deify Rep. Lewis and stigmatize anyone who points out their political failures is understandable. Supporters of fascist and communist regimes typically try to ensure that anyone who dares to criticize old party leaders is anathematized. But it is somewhat surprising and disappointing that conservatives would fall for this.
Trump showed in the last election that the best way to defeat liberal bullies is by fighting back, not by whimpering out of fear that the media will make you look bad. The reality is that no matter how many Republicans try to play the political correctness game, liberals are always going to brand them racists like they have done with John McCain, Jeb Bush, and Mitt Romney. So instead of playing the liberals' games, Republicans have to stand up for themselves when liberals dishonestly attack them. This is true even if the liberal bully is treated by the media as a sacred national figure based on actions that took place over 50 years ago.
No one today seriously suggests that Zimbabwean dictator Robert Mugabe or former Ghana ruler Kwame Nkrumah should be judged solely by their heroic actions several decades ago when they were freedom fighters. Instead, a fair accounting of these leaders should take into account their actions once they seized power. In the same way, Rep. Lewis must also be judged and held accountable for what they have done or not done during their 30 years in political office, unless America, under the influence of Democrats and the liberal press, has become a country like Stalinist Russia, Maoist China, or Mussolini's Italy, where sainted political figures can't be criticized.
The fact is Rep. Lewis has a long track record of failing millions of their black constituents. The city of Atlanta, which falls in the district they have represented for three decades, remains plagued with homicides, “chronically failing” public schools, and egregiously high levels of black poverty. For Trump, in response to a gratuitous insult, to fault the African-American member of congress for failing to deliver better results for their constituents is not improper. Instead, it is simply calling a spade a spade.
Nick James is the nom de plume of a trial attorney in the D.C. area who formerly worked for the United States Department of Justice as an award-winning federal prosecutor.
The views and opinions expressed in this commentary are those of the author and do not reflect the official position of The Daily Caller.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Many displaced people remain reluctant to return home for fear of further attacks
Half a million children have fled attacks by the Islamist group Boko Haram over the past five months, the UN children's agency says.
Unicef says this brings the total number of displaced children in Nigeria and neighbouring countries to 1.4m.
Tens of thousands are suffering from acute malnutrition and some of their camps have been affected by cholera.
Boko Haram attacks have spiked after it was driven out of territory it held by a regional military offensive.
"In northern Nigeria alone, nearly 1.2m children - over half of them under five years old - have been forced to flee their homes," Unicef said in a statement.
Another 265,000 children have been uprooted in Cameroon, Chad and Niger, it said.
BBC Nigeria correspondent Will Ross says getting help to these remote, insecure areas is extremely difficult.
And although the army has freed the last few towns still under some form of Boko Haram control, many internally-displaced people remain reluctant to return home.
Since being pushed out of territory, militants have reverted to guerrilla tactics, raiding villages for supplies and bombing targets such as places of worship, markets and bus stations.
Unicef is treating malnourished children and providing clean water. It is also helping tens of thousands of children continue their education.
But the organisation says it has received only a third of the $50m (£32m) it needs for its work in the Lake Chad region, creating a shortfall in measles vaccinations and other aid.
Boko Haram at a glance
Image copyright AFP
Founded in 2002, initially focused on opposing Western-style education - Boko Haram means "Western education is forbidden" in the Hausa language
Launched military operations in 2009
Thousands killed, mostly in north-eastern Nigeria, abducted hundreds, including at least 200 schoolgirls
Joined Islamic State, now calls itself "West African province"
Seized large area in north-east, where it declared caliphate
Regional force has retaken most territory this year
Using football to tackle Boko Haram
Why Boko Haram remains a threat
Minecraft: Story Mode's sixth episode, "A Portal to Mystery," will be available starting June 7, publisher Telltale Games announced today.
The episode will roll out next week on Android, iOS, Mac, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Windows PC, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. Telltale is also bringing the episode to the Windows Store.
"A Portal to Mystery" is the first in a series of three add-on episodes from Telltale that will expand the Story Mode tale with continuing adventures for our heroes in the New Order of the Stone. The previous chapter, "Order Up," was released in March; it bridged the gap between the Wither Storm story arc of the first four episodes and the new three-episode series.
Here's the synopsis of "A Portal to Mystery" from Telltale:
In Episode 6: 'A Portal to Mystery', continuing their journey through the portal hallway, Jesse and crew land themselves in another strange new world — one completely overrun by zombies. With a timely invitation to take refuge in a spooky mansion, they find themselves thrown into a thrilling mystery alongside famous members of the Minecraft community.
Five different Minecraft YouTubers will play themselves in the episode: Joseph Garrett as Stampy Cat, Stacy Hinojosa as Stacy Plays, Dan Middleton as DanTDM (The Diamond Minecart), Lizzie Dwyer as LDShadowLady and Jordan Maron as CaptainSparklez. You can see them discuss their involvement in the video below.
"A Portal to Mystery" will be sold on its own for $4.99. It will also be available in the Adventure Pass, which covers these three extra episodes, for $14.99. Interested parties must own the first episode of Minecraft: Story Mode, or the season pass, in order to play episodes six through eight. For more on the game, read our review of the first episode.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Poland's lower parliamentary house has voted today to reject three separate draft laws which would have given legal rights to unmarried couples, effectively preventing same-sex couples from receiving any such rights.
The Associated Press has reported that despite the perceived acceptance of the drafts by Catholic Polish community, all three draft laws proposing legal recognition for registered unmarried couples have been voted down by the Sejm, or lower house of the Polish Parliament.
The laws would have allowed unmarried partners to register their relationship in order to ensure inheritance, access to health information, and alimony rights.
Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform Party supplied one of the drafts. The others came from the Democratic left Alliance and the pro-gay-rights Palikot's Movement.
Mr Tusk declared their support for the laws and tried to rally support for them among lawmakers prior to the vote, telling them to vote to make the lives of “many Poles, also homosexual, more dignified.”
Earlier this month, Polskie Radio reported that 16% of Polish people support same-sex marriage. The number is low, but marks a 100% rise since 2003.
In September 2012, centre-right party Platforma Obywatelska said they would introduce civil union legislation for gay couples.
Former Notre Dame linebacker Jaylon Smith could miss the 2016 NFL season after teams received their medical results, NFL.com's Ian Rapoport reports.
Smith, who tore their ACL and LCL in the Fiesta Bowl, reportedly has teams concerned with nerve issues in their ankle and knee. Some teams believe they will have to sit out the 2016 season at minimum.
Once a projected top pick in the draft, the news likely casts even more doubt on their draft stock and perception. A consensus All-American in 2015, Smith opted to enter the draft despite their injuries after making 113 tackles for the Fighting Irish last season.
• MAYS: What we learned at the combine
In January, SI's Brian Hamilton reported Smith's procedure “went about as well as it possibly could have” and that Smith's knee had fared well with regard to nerve damage.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Teemu Selanne became the 18th player in NHL history to score 600 goals, reaching the milestone Sunday night in the Anaheim Ducks' 5-2 victory over the Colorado Avalanche.
The only other European-born players in the 600-goal club are Finnish countryman Jari Kurri (601) and the Czech Republic's Jaromir Jagr (646).
Teemu Selanne is the fourth player to reach the 600-goal plateau in the last four seasons, joining Jaromir Jagr, Brendan Shanahan and Joe Sakic. Debora Robinson/NHLI/ Getty Images
The 39-year-old Selanne is the fourth player to reach the milestone in the last four seasons, along with Jagr, Brendan Shanahan, and Joe Sakic.
Selanne connected 34 seconds into the second period on their fifth shot of the game, scoring into a wide-open net during a power play with goalie Craig Anderson out of position after a furious scramble in front of the crease.
"I guess that was the easiest I've had in a while," Selanne said. "I've had a lot of chances the last three games, but nothing went in. Then you get one of those. It's amazing the way my teammates have been feeding me the puck. I think they wanted this more than I did. Obviously, it's a great feeling, and I don't have to think about it anymore."
Anderson became the 133rd goalie that Selanne has scored against in the regular season. Selanne's first NHL goal came against San Jose's Jeff Hackett on Oct. 8, 1992.
"I remember that like it was yesterday -- Cow Palace against the Sharks," Selanne said. "There have been a lot of goals between one and 600. Time is flying. It's unbelievable how fast it goes. If somebody had told me at that time that that I was going to score 600 goals in this league, I would call the doctor."
Selanne assisted on a power-play goal win by Ryan Getzlaf, the 648th assist of Selanne's career and the second-lowest total among players who have scored 600 goals. Bobby Hull had 560 assists -- but son Brett finished their career with just two more than Selanne has now.
Selanne also was on the winning side when they scored their 100th, 200th, 300th and 400th NHL goals. But the Ducks lost 3-2 at Colorado in a shootout when they got their 500th goal on Nov. 22, 2006.
Selanne holds the Ducks' record with 373 goals, most of them with Paul Kariya as their linemate. Their latest milestone came just three days after Kariya got their 400th goal.
"I texted them after that game and told him: 'Maybe I'll get my 600th soon, too,'" Selanne said. "Numbers-wise, I had my best years here with Paul and we helped each other so much. Not very often can you find the same chemistry that we had. It was amazing, and they were great memories."
Selanne burst upon the NHL landscape with the Winnipeg Jets -- now the Phoenix Coyotes -- after being taken with the 10th overall pick in the 1988 draft. Selanne finished their rookie season with 76 goals, tying Alexander Mogilny for the league lead.
In addition to shattering Mike Bossy's previous rookie record of 53 goals, Selanne had 110 points to break Peter Stastny's rookie record and run away with the Calder Trophy. The 10-time All-Star was the recipient of the first two Maurice "Rocket" Richard trophies as the NHL's top goal scorer in 1997-98 (52) and 1998-99 (47) and won their first Stanley Cup with the Ducks in 2007.
Selanne has 21 goals this season, which probably will be their final one in the NHL. They missed 17 games because of a broken hand, another seven with a fractured jaw, and one more because of flulike symptoms. Last season, they sat out the first half of the schedule while contemplating retirement.
Selanne, Luc Robitaille and Mario Lemieux are the only players ever to score 600 goals after winning the Calder Trophy as rookie of the year. Robitaille also reached the milestone at Anaheim, on Nov. 9, 2001, while playing for Detroit.
HILO, HAWAII — The state primary election will conclude Friday as planned, a Hawaii court ruled Thursday
Circuit Court Judge Greg Nakamura in Hilo rejected a motion to postpone the election from U.S. Rep. Colleen Hanabusa, who trails U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz by 1,635 votes out of roughly 230,000 ballots cast in last Saturday's Democratic primary.
In their motion, Hanabusa said the Puna voting should be delayed until power is restored, roadblocks are removed and proper notification is given to voters in the two affected precincts that couldn't vote last Saturday due to Tropical Storm Iselle.
Nakamura said while the situation may seem unfair, there's no legal justification to delay the election.
Circuit Court Judge Greg Nakamura said the public might not think Friday's election is fair due to ongoing fallout from Tropical Storm Iselle. Hollyn Johnson-Hawaii Tribune Hearald/Pool
“You could take a popular poll now and the poll would indicate that there's some lack of common sense to hold the election tomorrow in light of the natural disaster caused by Iselle,” Nakamura said.
They added that they expect there to a post-election challenge from whoever loses in the end. In all likelihood, that challenge will come from Hanabusa.
The member of congress did not attend Thursday's hearing, although their spokesperson, Peter Boylan, was in the audience. Boylan did not want to comment after Nakamura's ruling.
However, Boylan later released this statement: “We are extremely disappointed for the people of Puna, especially since Judge Nakamura said that holding this election tomorrow lacks ‘common sense' and ‘shows some insensitivity to the plight of people in Puna.' The judge decided that they did not deserve more time to focus on recovering from the effects of the storm.”
Boylan continued: “We will continue to distribute food, water, fruit and ice to those in need but we need people to be aware that there is an election tomorrow. We are canvassing the precincts and will provide rides to anyone who needs a lift to Keonepoko Elementary School. This campaign is not over and we will continue to work very hard to earn every vote.”
“We need finality to this election. The entire state election is being held up by this.” — Deputy Attorney General John Molay
In a statement, Schatz campaign manager Clay Schroers said, “Senator Schatz continues to focus their energies on helping the people of Puna to recover, and that's what they will do on an ongoing basis. Their commitment to recovery in Puna extends beyond the election.”
Hanabusa's attorney, Richard N. Wurdeman, argued that the election should be postponed because of decisions made by Hawaii's chief election officer, Scott Nago.
The Hawaii Elections Office initially planned to send ballots to all registered voters in two Puna precincts that were shut down on Election Day due to Iselle.
Nago changed the plan later in the week to allow voters to cast their ballots in person at an elementary school within the district.
Wurdeman argued that Nago broke the law by consolidating two polling places into one and by not sending out absentee ballots to every registered voter.
“What this case is really about is fairness,” Wurdeman said. “It is fairness in a sense that there are thousands of Puna residents still struggling to recover from the devastation of a major tropical storm.”
Nago was represented by Deputy Attorney General John Molay, who argued that what the Elections Office decided was well within the law. They also questioned whether Hanabusa even had standing in the case, since they are not a voter in either of the affected precincts.
PF Bentley/Civil Beat
“We need finality to this election,” Molay said. “The entire state election is being held up by this.”
Molay reiterated the state's stance on Friday's election after Nakamura ruled in their favor, although they refused to comment on the matter of fairness.
“We believe that (Hanabusa) did not have the right to speak on behalf of the voters of the Puna district,” Molay said. “No one appointed them to be their spokesperson.”
Wurdeman was frustrated with Nakamura's ruling, saying after the hearing that it violated Puna residents' fundamental right to vote.
They also said there's no appeal planned at this point, and that any talk of a post-election challenge would be premature.
“This campaign is not over and we will continue to work very hard to earn every vote.” — Hanabusa campaign spokesperson Peter Boylan
“To the extent that the people of Puna are able to vote tomorrow I hope they'll make that attempt,” Wurdeman said. “But we certainly understand the difficulties that they're experiencing right now.”
Friday's polling location is at Keoneopoko Elementary School. Only voters assigned to Hawaiian Paradise Community Center (Precinct 04-01) and Keonepoko Elementary School (Precinct 04-02), who did not previously vote by absentee mail ballot or at an early vote site, will be allowed to vote.
Polling place hours will be from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday, but voters still in line at 6 p.m. will be allowed to vote.
Election officials will also be accepting absentee ballots from voters who were unable to drop off their ballots during the Aug. 9 primary.
Final results of the 2014 Primary Election are expected to be released the same evening at www.hawaii.gov/elections.
Inspiration can strike anywhere — even while you're on vacation. Bill Hartsock went to the beach in South Carolina and came home with a plan for a new business.
The former Hermitage Country Club sommelier's new venture, Richmond Wine Station, is based on a shop they saw on Kiawah Island, just south of Charleston.
“I fell in love with the whole concept,” they say.
It operated a lot like a Sweet Frog Premium Frozen Yogurt shop, if you substitute wine for yogurt and ditch the toppings. Add lots of wood and well-designed lighting, and you get a sense of what the experience was like.
Hartsock is using the South Carolina wine shop as a blueprint for their Richmond project, opening at 2930 W. Broad St. near Three Notch'd Brew Co.'s RVA Collab House. The shop will offer wine by the glass and bottles to take home.
You'll find 64 pour-it-yourself wines and eight beers on tap. Across one wall and in three freestanding kiosks, wine stations with four dispensers each are topped with computers. Inside the wine stations, bottles are turned upside down, with argon gas keeping out air to prevent wine degradation.
Customers purchase a reloadable card, and with a swipe they can choose from a 1-ounce, 2 1/2-ounce or 5-ounce pour. Glasses will sit on shelves next to each station, with racks above and below holding bottles to take home. The card also functions as an inventory tracker — Hartsock can watch what's being sold in real time from their laptop at home.
They found the location about a year ago, and once the development of the property geared up, they signed the lease. Scott's Addition is brimming with breweries and wine “is the only piece missing,” they say.
The space isn't large enough for storage, so all of Hartsock's wines will be on the floor. There's no room for a kitchen either, so light fare will be provided by Mosaic Catering and Events, located across the street from the spot.
Although Hartsock wants it to be an affordable experience, for the more adventurous — and well-heeled — they also plan to offer some pricey choices. Things such as an $800-$900 bottle of Lafite Rothschild will be available to taste — although that ounce you try might cost you $50. Still, it's access to the kind of wine most of us haven't experienced.
But the majority of wines will run about $1.50 to $5 an ounce.
“You can try 10 wines and not spend a lot,” they say. “I tell people if they try all 64, they get a free Uber ride home.” Hartsock has a two-year exclusive across Virginia from the company that sells the wine-dispensing equipment.
The plan is to open in mid-March, with daily hours from 3-11 p.m. Right now, Hartsock is waiting on cabinetry and permits.
“There's no other place in Richmond like it,” they say.
[An MP3 audio file of this article, narrated by Keith Hocker, is available for download.]
The Supreme Court's recent Walmart decision has stirred a hornet's nest at the New York Times. Indeed, what else can one expect from that paper but the belief that it would be a very good thing for lawyers and the government to loot one of the country's most successful businesses?
Yet, as I read an attack op-ed written by Nelson Lichtenstein, a professor of history at the University of California, Santa Barbara, I have to ask myself just what crime the NYT believes Walmart committed in the first place?
The charge was discrimination against women, and when feminists, racialists, and environmentalists make any charge against an American business, the NYT never fails to take their side in knee-jerk fashion. In fact, as the newspaper's editorial laments, the alleged actual damages to individuals were pretty small (maybe about $1,000), but claiming that all women who worked (or had worked) at Walmart after a certain year were victims of discrimination turned this whole thing into a multi-billion-dollar payout.
(Not surprisingly, the NYT's favorite class of lawyers, the plaintiffs' bar, would have had a small group of individuals receives hundreds of millions of dollars apiece while the women they represented wouldn't have gotten much at all. This is the NYT's version of "justice.")
I was not particularly familiar with the substance of the charges until reading Lichtenstein's article, and it hit me that they are describing the typical business atmosphere. They write,
There are tens of thousands of experienced Wal-Mart women who would like to be promoted to the first managerial rung, salaried assistant store manager. But Wal-Mart makes it impossible for many of them to take that post, because its ruthless management style structures the job itself as one that most women, and especially those with young children or a relative to care for, would find difficult to accept. Why? Because, for all the change that has swept over the company, at the store level there is still a fair amount of the old communal sociability. Recognizing that workers steeped in that culture make poor candidates for assistant managers, who are the front lines in enforcing labor discipline, Wal-Mart insists that almost all workers promoted to the managerial ranks move to a new store, often hundreds of miles away. For young men in a hurry, that's an inconvenience; for middle-aged women caring for families, this corporate reassignment policy amounts to sex discrimination. True, Wal-Mart is hardly alone in demanding that rising managers sacrifice family life, but few companies make relocation such a fixed policy, and few have employment rolls even a third the size. The obstacles to women's advancement do not stop there. The workweek for salaried managers is around 50 hours or more, which can surge to 80 or 90 hours a week during holiday seasons. Not unexpectedly, some managers think women with family responsibilities would balk at such demands, and it is hardly to the discredit of thousands of Wal-Mart women that they may be right.
Notice that Lichtenstein is not saying that only Walmart engages in these practices. Other firms have similar policies, but if I read Lichtenstein and the NYT correctly, they and the editors are claiming that this policy is "discrimination against women" only in the case of Walmart. (I am sure that the NYT has never reassigned anyone to a new location at any time, male or female.)
Furthermore, the hours of work are not unlike some of my own hours of work, or the hours that a new assistant professor on a tenure track works when appointed to the faculty of a research institution. (Go to the offices of the economics department of any major university on a Saturday, and you will see lots of assistant professors in their offices working on research papers.)
Retail management, especially at big stores like Walmart, is a difficult job. Furthermore, the holiday seasons are extremely busy times, yet Lichtenstein is claiming that Walmart has managers working these long hours, at least in part, in order to engage in discrimination.
I'll give a personal example. My oldest daughter was in sports broadcasting several years ago and was quite good. They had good connections with network broadcasters and was told that they had all of the skills to "go to the top."
One day, they called me and told me that they were leaving the profession. "I want to get married and have a family, and this career will not allow me to do it the way I want," they told me. So they went into another line of work that pays well but gives their flexible hours, and they and their husband now have two young children.
So, should my daughter have been able to sue their ex-employer — or their potential future employer, say, ESPN — for sex discrimination? After all, the kinds of hours and work that sports broadcasting requires will be disruptive to any female who wishes to have a family.
The logic of the Walmart case, at least according to Lichtenstein's screed, is the same as what I have presented above, yet no one would take seriously a claim by my daughter that these broadcasting firms had discriminated against them on the basis of sex. For that matter, I am sure that the NYT requires hours and working conditions that make it difficult for women to have families and work the way the paper would demand. So, should every reporter who has worked for the NYT be permitted to sue? It seems that the paper would be impaled upon its own logic.
To be honest, I had expected a stronger argument than what I saw. The NYT is angry because the courts did not stick it to another American business, and especially a business that does not operate according to that paper's "progressive" vision for America.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., endorsed Mitt Romney for president Wednesday night on Fox News' "Hannity," saying Romney offers "a very clear alternative" to President Obama's vision for the future of the country.
Rubio, a young, first-termer who has been discussed as a possible vice presidential candidate, criticized talk of a fight for the Republican nomination on the convention floor, a possibility that is keeping alive the campaigns of Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich.
"I think that's a recipe for delivering four more years of Barack Obama," Rubio told Fox News' Sean Hannity.
Romney has "earned this nomination," Rubio said, though they again shot down questions about whether they would accept any offers of a spot on the ticket.
"I don't believe I'm going to be asked to be the vice presidential nominee," they said, adding it's not something they want.
The endorsement comes after another big-name in Florida politics, former Gov. Jeb Bush, threw their support behind Romney, and former President George H.W. Bush is expected to officially endorse Romney on Thursday.
Romney has a comfortable lead in the delegate count, though Santorum has been able to pick up wins in several recent state contests, including Louisiana on Saturday.
The term "archetype" has its origins in ancient Greek. The root words are archein , which means "original or old"; and typos , which means "pattern, model or type". The combined meaning is an "original pattern" of which all other similar persons, objects, or concepts are derived, copied, modeled, or emulated.
The psychologist, Carl Gustav Jung, used the concept of archetype in their theory of the human psyche. They believed that universal, mythic characters—archetypes—reside within the collective unconscious of people the world over. Archetypes represent fundamental human motifs of our experience as we evolved; consequentially, they evoke deep emotions.
Although there are many different archetypes, Jung defined twelve primary types that symbolize basic human motivations. Each type has its own set of values, meanings and personality traits. Also, the twelve types are divided into three sets of four, namely Ego, Soul and Self. The types in each set share a common driving source, for example types within the Ego set are driven to fulfill ego-defined agendas.
Most, if not all, people have several archetypes at play in their personality construct; however, one archetype tends to dominate the personality in general. It can be helpful to know which archetypes are at play in oneself and others, especially loved ones, friends and co-workers, in order to gain personal insight into behaviors and motivations.
The Ego Types
1. The Innocent
Motto: Free to be you and me
Core desire: to get to paradise
Goal: to be happy
Greatest fear: to be punished for doing something bad or wrong
Strategy: to do things right
Weakness: boring for all their naive innocence
Talent: faith and optimism
The Innocent is also known as: Utopian, traditionalist, naive, mystic, saint, romantic, dreamer.
2. The Orphan/Regular Guy or Gal
Motto: All men and women are created equal
Core Desire: connecting with others
Goal: to belong
Greatest fear: to be left out or to stand out from the crowd
Strategy: develop ordinary solid virtues, be down to earth, the common touch
Weakness: losing one's own self in an effort to blend in or for the sake of superficial relationships
Talent: realism, empathy, lack of pretense
The Regular Person is also known as: The good old boy, everyman, the person next door, the realist, the working stiff, the solid citizen, the good neighbor, the silent majority.
3. The Hero
Motto: Where there's a will, there's a way
Core desire: to prove one's worth through courageous acts
Goal: expert mastery in a way that improves the world
Greatest fear: weakness, vulnerability, being a "chicken"
Strategy: to be as strong and competent as possible
Weakness: arrogance, always needing another battle to fight
Talent: competence and courage
The Hero is also known as: The warrior, crusader, rescuer, superhero, the soldier, dragon slayer, the winner and the team player.
4. The Caregiver
Motto: Love your neighbour as yourself
Core desire: to protect and care for others
Goal: to help others
Greatest fear: selfishness and ingratitude
Strategy: doing things for others
Weakness: martyrdom and being exploited
Talent: compassion, generosity
The Caregiver is also known as: The saint, altruist, parent, helper, supporter.
The Soul Types
5. The Explorer
Motto: Don't fence me in
Core desire: the freedom to find out who you are through exploring the world
Goal: to experience a better, more authentic, more fulfilling life
Biggest fear: getting trapped, conformity, and inner emptiness
Strategy: journey, seeking out and experiencing new things, escape from boredom
Weakness: aimless wandering, becoming a misfit
Talent: autonomy, ambition, being true to one's soul
The explorer is also known as: The seeker, iconoclast, wanderer, individualist, pilgrim.
6. The Rebel/Outlaw
Motto: Rules are made to be broken
Core desire: revenge or revolution
Goal: to overturn what isn't working
Greatest fear: to be powerless or ineffectual
Strategy: disrupt, destroy, or shock
Weakness: crossing over to the dark side, crime
Talent: outrageousness, radical freedom
The Outlaw is also known as: The rebel, revolutionary, wild man, the misfit, or iconoclast.
7. The Lover
Motto: You're the only one
Core desire: intimacy and experience
Goal: being in a relationship with the people, work and surroundings they love
Greatest fear: being alone, a wallflower, unwanted, unloved
Strategy: to become more and more physically and emotionally attractive
Weakness: outward-directed desire to please others at risk of losing own identity
Talent: passion, gratitude, appreciation, and commitment
The Lover is also known as: The partner, friend, intimate, enthusiast, sensualist, spouse, team-builder.
8. The Creator
Motto: If you can imagine it, it can be done
Core desire: to create things of enduring value
Goal: to realize a vision
Greatest fear: mediocre vision or execution
Strategy: develop artistic control and skill
Task: to create culture, express own vision
Weakness: perfectionism, bad solutions
Talent: creativity and imagination
The Creator is also known as: The artist, inventor, innovator, musician, writer or dreamer.
The Self Types
9. The Jester
Motto: You only live once
Core desire: to live in the moment with full enjoyment
Goal: to have a great time and lighten up the world
Greatest fear: being bored or boring others
Strategy: play, make jokes, be funny
Weakness: frivolity, wasting time
Talent: joy
The Jester is also known as: The fool, trickster, joker, practical joker or comedian.
10. The Sage
Motto: The truth will set you free
Core desire: to find the truth.
Goal: to use intelligence and analysis to understand the world.
Biggest fear: being duped, misled—or ignorance.
Strategy: seeking out information and knowledge; self-reflection and understanding thought processes.
Weakness: can study details forever and never act.
Talent: wisdom, intelligence.
The Sage is also known as: The expert, scholar, detective, advisor, thinker, philosopher, academic, researcher, thinker, planner, professional, mentor, teacher, contemplative.
11. The Magician
Motto: I make things happen.
Core desire: understanding the fundamental laws of the universe
Goal: to make dreams come true
Greatest fear: unintended negative consequences
Strategy: develop a vision and live by it
Weakness: becoming manipulative
Talent: finding win-win solutions
The Magician is also known as:The visionary, catalyst, inventor, charismatic leader, shaman, healer, medicine man.
12. The Ruler
Motto: Power isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Core desire: control
Goal: create a prosperous, successful family or community
Strategy: exercise power
Greatest fear: chaos, being overthrown
Weakness: being authoritarian, unable to delegate
Talent: responsibility, leadership
The Ruler is also known as: The boss, leader, aristocrat, king, queen, politician, role model, manager or administrator.
The Four Cardinal Orientations
Let's say you are the developer of a massive online role-playing game, and you want to give the players everything they want, and even more. What do you do?
You make your world even more massive.
And so popular MMOG Rift is to soon become even broader: developer Trion Worlds is crafting a full expansion, called Rift: Storm Legion. Just how vast will the world of Telara become upon the expansion's release? We chatted with Executive Producer Scott Hartsman, who told us that the team is going all out in terms of virtual real estate. Storm Legion comes with not just one, but two entire continents; all told, Rift will more than triple in size. And of course, with new space comes new content.
Of these two continents, Dusken is the more fearsome. It's a dark place, where death figures prominently in the world and the story; the themes are closer to horror than anything Rift has explored in the past. This is as it should be: it's here that you follow the story of Regulos, the dragon god that hails from the plane of death. The other continent, Brevane, isn't so obviously terrifying, though it's no less vital. It's on this continent, in The Eternal City, that Telaran civilization developed, though the warring factions that reside there aren't necessarily always civilized.
Rift will more than triple in size.
Both continents are to feature epic story content, and Trion Worlds continues to move away from the exclamation point as the primary means of delivering quests. The instant adventures that began with patch 1.6.1 shall continue into the new lands, so at any moment, you can press a few keys and be instantly transported to an action-heavy zone where a number of objectives and tremendous battles await. Rift's story shall be told through such adventures, as well as new world and zone events.
Storm Legion also brings with it a new city to call home: Tempest Bay, a bastion for both Guardians and The Defiant. The expansion also brings with it a brand-new soul for each calling, though Hartsman was frustratingly (and charmingly) mum on just what these souls may be. Of course, souls are the cornerstone of character advancement in Rift, and Hartsman was at least forthcoming about the the team's philosophy regarding souls: make them fun and interesting, give players new mechanics to use, create enjoyable new combinations that didn't exist before, and synergize with souls and callings that needed a bit of a boost.
Like so many expansions, Rift: Storm Legion is about more, more, and even more. There's a new level cap (60, up 10 levels), new dungeons, new raids (2, to be exact), and a new Chronicle (that is, a challenging, story-driven instance). There are individual stories to be told in each of these content types, though they culminate in Storm Legion's primary narrative arc, which involves Crucia, the Queen of Storms, and the legions they hope to bring to Telara through the mysterious Infinity Gate.
Of course, zone events continue to be a core element of Rift's popularity. These will be leveled up to suit Storm Legion's new areas and level cap. More importantly, a new creature--the colossus--will attempt to ravage the land. Facing such a beast will be an exciting prospect: it's a hundred times more massive than an individual player. It climbs bridges, knocks down walls, and interacts with the world in ways Hartsman says no MMOG has yet accomplished. We haven't seen any such legendary battle yet, but the wait is short: Trion Worlds will be showing off colossus battles next week at E3 2012.
Rift: Storm Legion is about more, more, and even more.
Other additions relate more to Rift's social aspects than to its battles. Capes are coming, for instance, along with player areas called dimensions that function somewhat like player housing in other MMOGs. Let's say you rested at a Telaran inn that overlooked a shimmering waterfall. How great would it be to claim that inn for you and your guildmates? What if there was a parallel universe, where you could decorate it and furnish your inn just as you wanted? That is precisely what dimensions will offer: a way to own your very own corner of a very big game.
More mounts. More tradeskills. More pets. Trion Worlds intends to give players what they wanted in an expansion and then some. The team has certainly proven that they know how to steal away dozens upon dozens of your precious hours. Should they have their way, Rift: Storm Legion will steal away many more. Expect to lose more sleep in fall of 2012.
Announcing the second set of invited Gfinity CWL Summer Masters teams!
As the Gfinity Arena & Studios undergoes its final preparations ahead of the Gfinity Call of Duty® World League Summer Masters, presented by PlayStation® 4, we're delighted to announce the final set of invited teams.
Epsilon eSports, Team Infused, Exertus and HyperGames will join Millenium, Supremacy, Team LDLC and Splyce Pro as our complete set of Call of Duty® World League teams.
Alongside Europe's top Call of Duty® teams, eight qualifiers, who will be revealed in the coming days, will also join the Gfinity CWL Summer Masters, as they compete for their share of the $20,000 prize pool and the coveted title of the best Call of Duty®: Black Ops III team in Europe.
In summary, the complete list of invited Gfinity CWL Summer Masters teams is as follows:
In addition to an amazing team lineup, we've also secured a stacked broadcast team, in order to ensure you have the best viewing experience possible!
Don't forget, in celebration of the Gfinity CWL Summer Masters we are giving away a 1TB PlayStation 4 to one lucky event attendee!
So, what are you waiting for? Book your tickets today!
Keep up to date with all the latest gaming and eSports news via our Twitter: @Gfinity
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Oxford Dictionaries say the use of "post-truth" increased during the political campaigns of 2016
Oxford Dictionaries has declared "post-truth" as its 2016 international word of the year, reflecting what it called a "highly-charged" political 12 months.
It is defined as an adjective relating to circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than emotional appeals.
Its selection follows June's Brexit vote and the US presidential election.
Oxford Dictionaries' Casper Grathwohl said post-truth could become "one of the defining words of our time".
Post-truth, which has become associated with the phrase "post-truth politics", was chosen ahead of other political terms, including "Brexiteer" and "alt-right" from a shortlist selected to reflect the social, cultural, political, economic and technological trends and events of the year.
Post-truth: Here are some fakes we debunked earlier
Oxford Dictionaries says post-truth is thought to have been first used in 1992.
However, it says the frequency of its usage increased by 2,000% in 2016 compared with last year.
Mr Grathwohl said: "Fuelled by the rise of social media as a news source and a growing distrust of facts offered up by the establishment, post-truth as a concept has been finding its linguistic footing for some time," they said.
"We first saw the frequency really spike this year in June with buzz over the Brexit vote and again in July when Donald Trump secured the Republican presidential nomination.
"Given that usage of the term hasn't shown any signs of slowing down, I wouldn't be surprised if post-truth becomes one of the defining words of our time."
'Spasms of history'
Dr Claire Hardaker, lecturer in forensic linguistics at Lancaster University, said "freak moments" that get people talking were key to the creation of new words.
"When you look back at the dictionary, you get some words that are a spasm of history and they very quickly fall out of use," they said. "They are fashionable, they are trendy and they die.
"Others live on and become part of our language. But it is very unpredictable."
The 2016 shortlist
Adulting - The practice of behaving in a way characteristic of a responsible adult, especially the accomplishment of mundane but necessary tasks
- The practice of behaving in a way characteristic of a responsible adult, especially the accomplishment of mundane but necessary tasks Alt-right - An ideological grouping associated with extreme conservative or reactionary viewpoints, characterized by a rejection of mainstream politics and by the use of online media to disseminate deliberately controversial content
- An ideological grouping associated with extreme conservative or reactionary viewpoints, characterized by a rejection of mainstream politics and by the use of online media to disseminate deliberately controversial content Brexiteer - A person who is in favour of the UK withdrawing from the European Union
- A person who is in favour of the UK withdrawing from the European Union Chatbot - A computer program designed to simulate conversation with human users, especially over the internet
- A computer program designed to simulate conversation with human users, especially over the internet Coulrophobia - Extreme or irrational fear of clowns
- Extreme or irrational fear of clowns Glass cliff - Used with reference to a situation in which a woman or member of a minority group ascends to a leadership position in challenging circumstances where the risk of failure is high
- Used with reference to a situation in which a woman or member of a minority group ascends to a leadership position in challenging circumstances where the risk of failure is high Hygge - A quality of cosiness and comfortable conviviality that engenders a feeling of contentment or well-being, regarded as a defining characteristic of Danish culture
- A quality of cosiness and comfortable conviviality that engenders a feeling of contentment or well-being, regarded as a defining characteristic of Danish culture Latinx - A person of Latin American origin or descent, used as a gender-neutral or non-binary alternative to Latino or Latina
- A person of Latin American origin or descent, used as a gender-neutral or non-binary alternative to Latino or Latina Woke - Originally in African-American usage meaning alert to injustice in society, especially racism
'Spurts of sound'
Science fiction author JD Atkin questioned the merit of some recent dictionary additions.
They said: "I'm all for progress, therefore the addition of words such as 'lol' into the dictionary as a reflection of our continually evolving language shouldn't bother me. But it does.
"Lol, for example, is not a word. It is barely splutter. It is an infantile acronym and, I secretly suspect, in most cases a lie. You might smile, you might do that weird snort of air from your nose but I bet you five seconds of human contact that you don't laugh.
"Such acronyms, mere spurts of sound, have no business hobnobbing amongst the pages of the dictionary."
Last year, Oxford Dictionaries chose a "pictograph" as its word of the year for the first time.
It said the "face with tears of joy emoji" best represented "the ethos, mood, and preoccupations of 2015".
Rock and roll was, apparently, dead by the end of the '60s. So much so that legendary performers like John Lennon, Alice Cooper, The Doors, Chuck Berry, and Little Richard needed a special benefit concert to boost its fortunes. Enter "Rock and Roll Revival," a special one-day concert held at Varsity Stadium in the late summer heat of 1969.
The 14-hour extravaganza would see the first public performance by the Plastic Ono Band in the turbulent wake of the Beatles break-up earlier that year. Backed by 1950s-style performances by some of music's biggest names, the concert would generate several live albums, a concert tape by D. A. Pennebaker, the film-maker behind Bob Dylan doc Don't Look Back, and go down as a defining moment in popular culture.
The concert was conceived by promoters John Brower and Ken Walker with financial backing from top brass from Eaton's department store, but stymied by poor ticket sales, the venture began to lose support. On a recomendation, Brower called Apple Records in the UK to ask John Lennon to emcee the concert, knowing the ex-Beatle would be tempted by the names of several classic rock and roll performers on the bill.
In something of a curveball, Lennon agreed to appear on the condition they be allowed to perform. "It was late, about 11 o'clock one Friday night, I was in my office at Apple, when we got a phone call from this guy saying, 'Come to Toronto'," he's quoted as recalling on a fan site. "They really were inviting us as King and Queen to preside over the concert and not to play. But I didn't hear that part and I said, 'OK. OK. Just give me time to get a band together.' So, I thought, 'Who could I get to come and play with me?' We left the next morning."
Just like that the Rock and Roll Revival had scored a major coup. Lennon hadn't performed in a large venue since their days with the Beatles and had no established backing band. Eric Clapton, Klaus Voormann, bass player and designer of the Revolver album cover, future Yes drummer Alan White, and, of course, Yoko Ono at the height of their divisive powers made the trip from London to Toronto a few short months after the famous Give Peace a Chance recording in a Montreal hotel room.
It was such an unbelievable scoop that radio stations in Toronto refused to believe the promoters had landed the band, further stymieing ticket sales. Confirmation shortly after from Ono's assistant to a Detroit radio station caused a stampede for the concert's roughly 20,000 tickets. When wire services confirmed the band had boarded a trans-Atlantic jet, the rush for Revival passes went wild. The tiny sports stadium was sold out in just a few hours.
Meanwhile, in a jet over the ocean, Lennon was having second thoughts. "John was sick from nerves most of the way across the Atlantic," journalist Ritchie Yorke would recall. "'Nerves?' I asked. 'Hell yes,' Lennon replied. 'My God, I haven't performed before a large audience for four years. I mean, I did the Rolling Stones' Circus film with a small audience, and I did the Cambridge '69 gigs; but they didn't even know I was coming. So we didn't sleep at all on Friday night, and I was nervous all the way across.'"
Upon landing in Toronto, the band was escorted from the airport by an 80-strong motorcade of bikers from the Vagabonds to Bloor Street. The leather-clad riders had just missed the Doors, who weren't aware they were to be escorted, earlier that day.
At Varsity Stadium, legendary music journalist Robert Christgau was casting their critical eye on the stage set-up. "A bush operation," they called the shabby performance area and stadium floodlights used to provide illumination. Christgau was there to observe D. A. Pennebaker's filming for Show magazine. "Pennebaker is forty-four but looks about thirty-five," the author wrote, "he has recently grown a full red beard and has on an old sweater and their sailing jeans, which are worn to proper sun-bleached blue. Although the natural affability of their boyish face is virtually unchanged, they do appear startled."
Mid-afternoon, as Little Richard jangled away at their piano, The Plastic Ono Band were in a tiny dressing room worrying that this could all be a serious disaster. "I threw up for hours until I went on," remembered Lennon. Eric Clapton told the press later that "John just stood in the dressing room, which was admittedly rather tatty, beforehand saying, 'What am I doing here? I could have gone to Brighton!' After all, it was a long way to go for just one concert."
The group had reached Varsity Stadium earlier that day to an army of flashbulbs and screaming fans as Cat Mother and the All Night Newsboys performed "Good Old Rock and Roll." Kids tried to hop the fence for a better view while police fought to keep the way clear.
After dark, a characteristically wild Alice Cooper set screeched on stage. After a short, heavy intro, the set broke down into mock fighting and drum smashing as Cooper hammered away at a watermelon and tore apart a down pillow in a moment of climax. The most famous chicken in music history appeared from who-knows-where among feathers and fire extinguishing foam for Cooper to toss into the crowd, creating a legend that follows them to this day (the moment is visible for a brief second at 11:37 in the video above.)
And then the band took the stage. The stage announcer ordered that the stadium lights be turned down, and asked the crowd to light a match. A sea of little candles and sparklers filled the playing surface as Lennon and their band emerged on stage. "OK, we're just going to do numbers we know because we've never played before," they told the crowd, launching into a surprisingly lifeless version of Elvis' "Blue Suede Shoes."
It might not have been the barnstorming start the crowd expected but the band soon found their feet. Yoko Ono, dividing their time between backing vocals and music stand duties for Lennon, periodically disappeared into a sack while Clapton and the rest of the band provided a solid backing for the pair.
Versions of "Dizzy Miss Lizzy," "Yer Blues," and "Cold Turkey" followed. Several solo Ono numbers didn't go down so well. "Get the fuck off the stage," called one member of the audience. But that was before the concert's most memorable song, "Give Peace a Chance."
In July of that year Lennon and Ono had recorded the song live in during their Bed-in at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal. The second of two sensational peace protests, an impromptu band featuring Allen Ginsberg, Timothy Leary, Petula Clark, numerous journalists, and well-wishers chanted the now legendary one-line mantra while Lennon egged the crowd on in the background. The piece is still capable of producing chills 43 years later.
The Varisty Stadium version ditched the acoustic guitar in favor of a choppy, improvised riff by Lennon. Clapton, usually a force with the axe, offered little in the background; it was a one-man show. When the song closed, so did the group. Lennon apparently comforted a distressed Ono as they left.
The Doors followed with a headline set just after midnight, closing with "The End" around 3am. In the Monday papers, music critics focused on the still controversial presence of certain members of the band. "They revived rock 'n' roll despite John Lennon's wife," wrote Jack Batten in the Toronto Star, calling Ono "excruciating." Painful or not, the concert was ranked "the second most important event in rock history," for Lennon's first major performance since the Beatles.
Thanks to the wonders of YouTube, you too can share in the magic of that night.
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow them on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Photos: Wikimedia Commons.
A woman whose name is unavailable has caused a global controversy after they urinated on a Quran and burnt it, threatening to hack down any Muslim that comes them way.
In a video gone viral on YouTube, the dark-haired woman was seen standing in front of the Slovak national flag with the Quran.
They filmed themselves urinating on the Quran, insulting, pouring petrol on the pages, covered and set it ablaze. They went further to declare war on Muslims.
According to Mirror UK, the protester made the clip in a forest in Slovakia.
Speaking to the camera, they call Muslims “parasites,” saying “I will hunt you all step by step.
“No matter if it is a woman, child or man. I will bump off anybody who will be in my way.
“I do not care about the criminal complaints. It will not stop me. I have a message for everybody, including the police – nobody will stop me,” they added.
Video link:
Source: Dailypost
Yet again, technology CEOs are taking to Twitter in opposition of something President Donald Trump is banning. This time, months after many sounded off about the White House's travel ban from six predominantly Muslim countries, a number of leading tech CEOs had their say on Trump's tweets this morning, which said that the US military "will not accept or allow" transgender individuals to serve "in any capacity."
Many of the CEOs, several of which have also been vocal on state-level laws or bills limiting gay rights, included a hashtag calling for the president to #LetThemServe, in opposition to Trump's tweets, which, if they became policy, would be a reversal of an Obama administration decision to let transgender armed forces members serve openly.
First out of the gate on Twitter appeared to be Google CEO Sundar Pichai, who expressed their gratitude for transgender members who serve. Twitter's CEO, Jack Dorsey, wrote that "discrimination in any form is wrong for all of us," and Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote that "we are indebted to all who serve. Discrimination against anyone holds everyone back."
Both Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's CEO and chief operating officer, expressed their support and gratitude, as did Airbnb's Brian Chesky and Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff, a frequently outspoken advocate on gay rights issues who led many CEOs to speak out on legislation in Indiana while Vice President Mike Pence was governor, as well as in other states, such as North Carolina.
A few other company executives or corporate Twitter accounts also said they were against Trump's ban or thanked transgender service members for their service. Tumblr, which is owned by Yahoo, said it was "appalling" and provided a link to "how you can reach out, educate and fight back."
More CEOs, particularly in the technology industry, have been speaking out on social issues since Trump was elected, on topics such as the travel ban and climate change. Many corporate CEOs publicly urged Trump to remain in the Paris climate agreement, and went vocal with their disappointment when they announced plans to exit it. General Electric's Jeff Immelt said in June that more media leaders needed to tell their employees "I have your back" at a time when "criticism of news and media has gone too far."
Yet the issue of gay rights is one that receives air time from CEOs again and again. Researchers and corporate communications experts say that - in addition to the rise of social media giving CEOs an always-on microphone - this issue strikes at the heart of the internal policies of big companies. Many have come a long way in extending benefits to their LGBT employees in recent years, and recognize that to not defend political issues related to them could make their corporate policies appear less credible. In industries like technology where the war for talented employees is particularly tough, that's even more important.
Technology companies also tend to employ a greater share of millennials, which research says are particularly interested in hearing their CEOs' views on social issues and advocate for them in a public way. A report released Monday by the global public relations firm Weber Shandwick and KRC Research found that nearly half of millennials said CEOs have a responsibility to speak up on social issues that are important to society, compared with just 28 percent of Americans in older generations.
© 2017 The Washington Post
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Thieves were caught on CCTV snatching a sick child's terrified pug puppy.
The hooded crooks were filmed chasing the seven-month-old pup around a car before grabbing the cowering pet and sprinting off.
Police are now appealing for help to track the two dog snatchers down.
The theft of Peaches has left Ellis Barrett, aged six, who has battled illness, “heartbroken.”
(Image: Ross Parry)
The pet had been a reward for Ellis's bravery - after enduring four years in and out of hospital since they suffered horrendous burns as a baby.
The little boy needed surgery when they contracted septicaemia after they were accidentally scalded with hot water.
Their mum, a care worker for the elderly, had worked extra shifts to buy the pet for their son in February after they left hospital.
Peach has since become the little boy's “best friend” - with the pair even sharing a bath together.
Ellis had been asking for the puppy since before Christmas.
But the valuable £1,000 pet was stolen from the family home in Batley, West Yorks, between around 1.20pm and 1.30pm on Sunday after they had been let out into the front garden.
(Image: Ross Parry)
Footage from a neighbour's CCTV camera captured the men walking into the garden.
They were then filmed chasing Peaches as they ran from the garden and around a parked car before scooping them into their arms and making a getaway.
Lucy, 29, said today: “Ellis and Peaches are like best friends. They have them in the bath with them and everything.
“He's devastated she's gone and all we want is to find them
“Ellis had been asking for a pug for months but when I saw how expensive they were I couldn't believe it.
“I started taking extra shifts at work and was working day and night to save up to buy them one.
“I worked as much as I could to get them and when Ellis came out of hospital on February 6th this year I could finally give them their pug.
“I was heartbroken when I found out."
(Image: Ross Parry)
Lucy has started a Facebook page in the hope someone will recognise the stolen animal.
The 'Help my son find their pug Peaches' page is filled with photographs of the Ellis with puppy and details of how to get in touch with information.
PC Nick O'Meila, of West Yorkshire Police, said: “Peaches is much missed by their owners and I would ask anyone who has information about them to contact us at the Batley and Spen NPT on 101. Information can also be given anonymously to CrimeStoppers on 0800 555111.”
In January the first maps of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko were published, identifying 19 geomorphologically distinct regions on its surface. Six months on and much more work has been done on refining the boundaries between these regions. This blog post showcases some of the OSIRIS images acquired from close orbit and presented in a new paper that have enabled an in-depth study of the different regions and their boundaries. This post was prepared with inputs from lead author M. Ramy El-Maarry from the University of Bern, who introduces this post with an inside story on how some of the regional names were chosen:
“Early on in the mapping phase, we decided on naming the regions of the comet using names of ancient Egyptian deities. We wanted to adhere to the ancient Egyptian theme of the mission and have a large inventory of names if needed. Luckily, ancient Egyptians had so many deities in their long history that made this an easy decision. Moreover, many of the names were catchy, easy to remember, and more importantly, easy to pronounce. I remember we initially tried using names of ancient cities and we were coming across a lot of names that were very difficult to wrap your tongue around, even for an Egyptian like me! So we decided to use the following naming convention: gods for the ‘body' lobe and goddesses for the ‘head'. We picked Hapi for the neck since Hapi is the Nile god, and we figured that they should separate the lobes in the same way that the Nile splits Egypt into an eastern and western side. Of course, there were obvious names to discard (such as Osiris!) so we decided to skip on all ‘world-famous' gods such as R'a and Amun, partly because they have been used before in other missions, but also to introduce people to lesser-known names.
In another story, we decided on using Imhotep for one of the most notable regions on the comet. Imhotep was one of the most brilliant figures of the ancient world as a scientist, engineer, and a physician. Luckily for us, there were no Nobel prizes in ancient Egypt, so when Imhotep died, they were deified by ancient Egyptians to credit their accomplishments, which meant we could actually use their name as a nice tribute from our side!”
Around Aten, Aker, Babi and Khepry
This set of images focuses on a number of boundaries on the comet's large lobe, in particular on the smaller regions Aten, Aker, Babi and Khepry, their relationship to each other and to the larger and perhaps more familiar Seth and Ash regions nearby. The transition into the smooth Hapi neck region is also indicated in the context image. The insets show interesting contrasts in surface textures at the boundaries of Aten and Babi (left) and Khepry, Babi and Aker (right).
Aten is dominated by a large elongate depression surrounded by the brittle and dusty material of Ash and Babi. El-Maarry et al suggest that its sharp sides and irregular shape could point to a rapid and perhaps violent burst of activity. The close-ups show rubble and boulders inside the depression, the largest of which reach up to 30m in diameter. The rubble suggests rock fall events, most likely from the rim of the depression.
The smooth deposits on the surrounds make a striking contrast and mark the boundary with Babi. In the middle inset (left) this dusty covering can be seen overlying regions of significant layering, which could be parts of Seth extending below the dusty deposits of Ash and into Babi. Indeed, Babi hosts one quasi-circular structure reminiscent of Seth that rises 60-80m over Khepry, marking the boundary in this area (see insets at top and middle right). Well-defined ridges also separate the lower-lying Babi from Aker and Seth.
Khepry and Aker both have a rough, consolidated appearance, exhibit linear markings but very few boulders. Aker has a slightly smoother surface texture than Khepry but they both contain very smooth patches 50–100m across that are located in topographical lows. The inset at bottom right shows a close-up view of one of these smooth deposits close to the Khepry-Aker border.
From Anubis and Atum to Hapi and Anuket This image set highlights the boundaries between Anubis, Atum and Seth on the large lobe, and the transition between the neck and Anuket on the small lobe.
Atum is a rather complex, rough-textured region with linear features that are similar to some of the structures observed in Imhotep and interpreted as terraces resulting from erosion of an underlying layered terrain. Atum borders the smooth-textured Anubis region and almost encloses it, with a well-defined ridge separating it from Seth.
A notable feature between the boundary of Anubis with Atum is a set of parallel curved lineaments. This feature could indicate possible folding of the surface, or the surface expression of buried terraces.
Nearby, Atum shares a boundary with the Anuket region on the head lobe, the latter of which appears to traverse the neck region in an area devoid of the smooth deposits that define the transitional Hapi region.
Anuket has a rough surface with numerous boulders but appears to smooth out away from the neck and toward the boundary with dust-covered Ma'at. The smoother regions seen in Anuket are patches of dust, suggesting that material similar to that of Anuket's surface may extend underneath the dust-covered Ma'at region.
On the head: Ma'at, Maftet, Nut and Serqet The Nut depression and Serqet are two of the smallest regions on the surface of the comet in terms of surface area, but yet show significant morphological diversity. The Serqet region is defined by a ridge of consolidated material with an adjacent flat and smooth, dusty plain, which forms the rim of Nut. Nut is classified as a depression and is extensively infilled with boulders, perhaps from the erosion of Serqet and an influx of dust similar to that seen in Ma'at.
Ma'at's dust-covered texture resembles Ash on the comet's body. It also exhibits sharp outcrops of materials emerging from the dust, which show similarities to the more consolidated material in Anuket. Ma'at grades into Maftet where the dust gradually thins out into rough, terraced and fractured terrain pockmarked with irregularly shaped shallow depressions. Patches of the fading dusty material along this boundary show a pitted texture, which El-Maarry et al suggest is an ice-rich material that may be undergoing desiccation through sublimation. The dust covered regions both on the head and on the body of the comet are likely linked to ‘airfall' deposition from more active regions.
Explore the comet in 3D
Further details of the comet's boundaries are provided in stunning anaglyph images that are possible when two images of similar spatial resolution and illumination are taken of the same region and can be appropriately co-registered. The following anaglyphs were used to identify and assess topographical boundaries between adjacent regions and changes in relief in the latest study. To best enjoy the 3D effect, please use red-blue/green “3D” glasses.
Non-anaglyph versions of these images, along with individual images of the insets seen in the context images in this post, are available via the ESA web portal gallery.
“Regional surface morphology of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko from Rosetta/OSIRIS images” by M. R. El-Maarry et al is accepted for publication in Astronomy & Astrophysics.
‘Rebooting the web of trust,' a workshop taking place in San Francisco this November 3rd and 4th, is bringing together some impressive pioneers and could lead to world changing developments in the realm of online reputation systems and in the use of the blockchain.
An ‘advanced reading list' of academic submissions regarding the Philosophical and the technical challenges of reputation, take the front stage of this workshop. Along side it is the first of multiple workshops, intended to generate solutions that “will have the greatest impact on the future”. Some thought leaders on this list are, Ryan Shea, Drummond Reed, Peter Todd, Jon Callas and Phil Zimmerman, to name a few.
While the list of participants is private, and the workshops are invite only, the event has been the topic of discussion in slack groups and social media, where the few who dare tackle this very important topic lurk.
The workshop is lead by Christopher Allen, Internet Cryptography Pioneer and Blockchain developer. It is also being promoted by Matthew Schutte, entrepreneur and speaker, who among other things has a very short and insightful overview of the crucial importance of privacy innovation, as well as the nature and value of reputation, during a conference at Voice and Exit.
Reputation is such an essential part of human interaction that it is easy to take for granted. It can simply be looked at as a way of knowing ahead of time the character and capabilities of another person, with whom we might want to trade or interact with in some way.
Being able to reasonably predict some one's behavior and know what possible areas of conflict we will face can save us social beings a great deal of time and hardship. These are otherwise hidden in the darkness of a pseudonym on Localbitcoins, or some brand name of a company we've never heard of.
The core assumption of a reputation system is that past behaviour is a great predictor of future behavior. This principal has served human beings fairly well for thousands of years, and has great potential for good, but as Orwell warned in their epic novel 1984, the potential downfalls of top down, enforced standards of behavior could end in a “boot stamping on a human face—forever.”
So, in the hopes of dodging the massive and bloody bullet of building the infrastructure of a techno-totalitarian state, let us discuss how NOT to build an Orwellian reputation system - as I see it.
Bob, the Silk Road merchant
For the sake of illustrating this amusing and complex subject, let's follow the life of Bob, our hypothetical Marijuana dealer in the darknet, who has decided to make their living under a reputation standard called #weedisdope.
Bob believes that there's nothing morally wrong with buying, selling or ingesting this “innocuous” plant, and they are so passionate about the topic, as well as intrigued by the profits, that they have decided to become a pseudonymous Marijuana dealer in Silk Road 5.0.
Step one: Make it decentralized
Like many before him, Bob has learnt that given the hostile environment that is the dark net, they must base their decision on who they trade with on the most secure of systems and platforms. Their enemies are, after all, no cute kittens but vicious wolves hungry to put their claws on every Bit of coin they make.
So, given that they live in the year 2022, they must choose a developed and mature reputation system to rely on. And as we all know, there are not many records of human behavior as secure as the blockchain.
This invention we are so familiar with, is effectively a memory bank that can not and should not be made controllable by one entity. The integrity and quality of the information it holds needs to be highly secure, as it is the foundation of their business and the business of millions of others by the time they come to choose their career path.
If this record was to fall prey to the wrong hands, it could spell disaster to the tune of say, selling big bags of Ganja to a ‘buyer' who counterfeited their reputation score, and can now easily execute a double spend with Bob. They stand misled and vulnerable, thanks to a weak and compromised reputation database.
So tl;dr: use a very secure blockchain.
Step two: Don't assume you are right about what ‘good' or ‘bad' is
Many people, Bob included have very specific beliefs about what behavior is morally neutral, admirable or straight out evil. And often enough, people's beliefs about what is good or bad are in conflict.
If the engineers of RepCoin, the reputation system that is most popular in 2022, had decided that #weedisNOTdope. And had built the platform such that the world could only judge others based on this very specific and one sided standard of behavior, then Bob would be without access to the incredible resource that RepCoin provides.
After all, we are the pioneers of our time. Engineers and first adopters of something as powerful as programmable money and a memory bank that can not be forgotten or destroyed. The edifices that we build today, will be occupied by humanity for decades to come. What claim or right do we have to try and enforce our beliefs about morality on them, even if through technological designs?
While some decisions at the engineering and security level will have to be made, I believe it is essential that those with the ability to build this kind of technology have great humility about the effect their design choices can have on humanity.
And I can not think of a better solution to this problem of reputation standards then to allow users to arbitrarily - as if they were adding a hashtag to a tweet - create their own reputation markers, and go on to sign their transaction with Bob with a marker both buyer and seller believe in, a simple #weedisdope.
The ideal reputation system, I believe should simply inform parties about what others value and despise, and how many times they have walked the talk. In other words, how many times Bob made transactions signed through p2p asymmetric cryptography with a celebration of #weedisdope or whatever the parties involved believe to be fair behavior, proven by their trade.
Last but not least, Bob will likely not be everyone's customer. There will be people who rather have nothing to do with #weedisdope, and so, it should be up to them to control what identities and values are within their ecosystem. Similar to how family filters work in search engines today.
We would not dare ask Google to forget all the porn or overshared cat pictures it knows so well, hiding them from us until we ask is good enough.
Continue onto part two of How NOT to build an Orwellian reputation system.
Is it safe to invest in Bitcoin?
On Qoura and personally during a casual talk about Blockchain and Bitcoin I am often asked whether it is safe or even necessary to invest in Bitcoin?
Eugene Lukyanov Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 30, 2017
The misconception has arisen among people, which I must admit dispirits me a little, about Bitcoin being an investment tool 😐
I would like to clarify this important moment of misconception.
Yes, in this transitional period, of Bitcoin acceptance by population and continuous war against it by regulators, speculators are happy with the lie of the land, where the meaning of cryptocurrency is completely distorted and, I would even say, perverted for clear goals - the regulation and control by the state and mere human greed.
And, yes, you can gamble and win ... or lose in this transitional period, due to extremely high volatility and fluctuation of Bitcoin rate in relation to Fiat (money approved by the government). As one of the characters of "Madagascar" cartoon movie said: "well, fifty fifty (50/50%)".
Therefore, even if you do decide to "invest" in Bitcoin, use the amount you are ready to lose.
And this rule applies to all types of investments, not only in Bitcoin. The golden rule - no more than 30% of your savings may be spent as an investment — should be carved in your memory!
Bitcoin is a high-tech secure tool and method of payment for the goods directly, peer to peer, without intermediaries or any 3d parties, and was meant to serve this purpose while being created, and not for speculations on the markets.
Almost all cryptocurrencies (except for 5-6 that I trust behind which there is the "Idea", a strong team of ideological developers, such as Vlad Zamfir and Vitalik Buterin in Ethereum, and ideological community) were created for this purpose.
And the last advice - before you trust any crooks who promise you mountains of gold on speculation on Bitcoin, always refer to the original source, white paper in this case and find the major evidences and consult the people you can trust who know stuff about the topic.
I even urge you to doubt my words and find the truth for yourself as the truth is much dearer to me!
“Bukra fil mishmish,” in Arabic vernacular, literally means “Tomorrow, the apricots.” What it really means is “it will never happen.” The window for harvesting apricots is so tight that if one puts it off for even a day, they go rotten.
It's now political apricot season in the West Bank and Gaza. Against all odds, the rival Hamas and Fatah factions made a surprise announcement in April that after four years of internecine fighting, they would join a Palestinian unity government. Now, only six weeks later, Hamas has refused to accept Salam Fayyad, Fatah's choice for prime minister.
Fayyad is an accomplished technocrat, and without him, Palestinian state building stops. This explains why Haaretz and other Israeli outlets are reporting that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas now favors returning to negotiations with Israel rather than pursuing a vote on Palestinian statehood at the United Nations General Assembly in September. In recent months, Fatah leaders had galvanized international support for this unofficial recognition of the West Bank (now under Fatah control) and Gaza (now under Hamas control) as one Palestinian state. The failure to unite these two territories will only serve to buoy Israeli claims that the Palestinians are not ready for statehood. It will also force European states that had planned to vote in favor of the UN resolution to confront the reality that the Palestinians may once again have no sovereign government under which to unite. Rather than pursue their international aims, the Palestinians will be forced to face their decidedly inconvenient internecine conflict. This may might push them into renewed conflict.
This short-lived unity really should come as no surprise. The ideological differences between the Islamist Hamas organization and the nominally secular Fatah cannot be overstated. Members of Fatah will not easily forget the coup of 2007 in which Hamas, with Iranian backing, killed hundreds of their members.
This deep-rooted animosity was glaringly apparent last month when the two sides settled on the vague language of an agreement in Cairo. Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza flashed their signature “V” for victory signs to photojournalists, and the New York Times called the moment “historic,” but in a sign of lingering acrimony, neither Hamas leader Khaled Meshal nor Abbas signed the agreement themselves.
The two factions seem unable to help themselves. Recently, Hamas hammered Abbas for agreeing to join peace talks with Israel sponsored by the French government. Last month, Hamas lashed out at Fatah for its apparent lack of willingness to release Hamas prisoners, claiming that it amounted to “sticks in the wheels of national reconciliation.” Thus even as Palestinian media outlets crowed about international support for the new unity arrangement, a Hamas official warned that “reconciliation will not be materialized as long as the members of the (Hamas) movement in the West Bank are not freed from the PA prisons.”
Now that Hamas has rejected Fayyad's candidacy for prime minister, latent hostility has once again bubbled over the surface, raising troubling questions about Palestinian national identity. As the September vote draws nearer, this will become nearly impossible for the international community to ignore.
While the two sides may still have time to salvage their agreement, the window in which they can harvest the fruits of reconciliation appears to be closing fast.
CLOSE Lease-to-own contracts are enabling companies at California's ports to turn truck drivers into modern indentured servants. Pat Shannahan
Costco, one of America's largest retailers, has stopped doing business with a California trucking company, Pacific 9 Transportation, accused of trapping drivers in debt and then using it to force them to work overtime. (Photo11: Rick Bowmer, AP)
Costco, one of the world's largest retailers, has stopped doing business with a California trucking company accused of trapping drivers in debt and then using it to force them to work overtime.
The action comes as brands across the U.S. face increased scrutiny for ignoring labor abuses in their supply lines, a widespread problem first revealed in a USA TODAY Network investigation in June.
Earlier this month, four prominent Democratic Senators, led by Sherrod Brown of Ohio, sent letters to 16 retailers, calling on them to root out “shameful” labor abuses first outlined by the USA TODAY Network.
Soon after, Costco Wholesale dropped Pacific 9 Transportation, one of the biggest port trucking companies in Southern California.
Hewlett-Packard also sent an auditor to investigate the company's labor practices.
Both retailers declined to comment on their actions. Alan Ta, chief operating officer for Pacific 9, said that even before Costco withdrew, their company had stopped leasing trucks to drivers and launched a series of reforms to improve their pay.
A wave of pressure from retailers and manufacturers has hit port trucking operations across the industry, according to drivers who say their employers have been fielding calls from clients.
Those clients include Walmart, which pledged in a letter responding to the senators that it would cancel contracts with any trucking company that did not provide “assurances” it was following fair labor practices.
“The stories profiled in that article are deeply concerning,” Executive Vice President Jay Jorgensen wrote of the USA TODAY Network investigation, “Rigged.”
“Any motor carrier that fails to comply with law, such as those alleged in the article, would be in violation of our contract and would therefore be subject to cancellation,” they wrote.
The series revealed how port trucking companies in southern California have spent the past decade forcing drivers to finance their own trucks through company-sponsored lease-to-own programs they could not afford.
The longer drivers worked, the more trapped they felt. After just a few months, drivers typically had paid thousands of dollars towards a truck.
If drivers quit or got fired for any reason, most of them lost the truck and everything they had paid in. Many worked 20 hours a day to keep up with their truck payment and feed their family.
For years, Pacific 9 used the same kind of lease-to-own program.
Forty drivers have won California labor commissioner cases against Pacific 9, accusing the company of using the leases to cheat them of fair pay. Half of them testified that they had to work up to 19 hours a day, violating federal fatigue laws for truckers.
As the USA TODAY Network began investigating and as labor judgments piled up against Pacific 9, the company stopped using leases. In April 2016, facing almost $7 million in court-ordered back pay and penalties, the company filed for bankruptcy protection.
It has since started rehiring drivers as full-time employees and stopped charging them truck expenses.
Ta and many of their drivers said the company is now working to become a model for the rest of the industry.
Pacific 9's sudden loss of business comes at a precarious time for the company – the tail end of drawn out bankruptcy negotiation with truckers.
Drivers and their attorneys sent at least two letters to the senators pleading with them to ease pressure on retailers using Pacific 9.
Rivera and Shackelford, a San Diego firm representing some Pacific 9 drivers, said Costco's decision might “lead to the closing of Pacific 9 altogether,” undoing months of negotiations and possibly leaving drivers empty-handed.
“We believe this would be a tragedy,” the attorneys wrote.
Some drivers feel the same — even those who once testified about pervasive labor abuses inside the company.
“Pacific 9 has followed through on its commitments to us drivers,” wrote trucker Santiago Aguilar, who filed a labor claim against the company in 2013 and has since been rehired as an employee with full protections. Aguilar's letter was signed by 13 others at the company. “Now, I get a fair day's pay for a hard day's work,” they said.
Pacific 9 is one of the busiest operators at the Long Beach and Los Angeles ports, according to port truck data obtained through a public records request.
Using the data, reporters tracked the movement of the company's 160 trucks and found that they were on the clock for more than the 14-hour maximum set by federal law at least 7,500 times over three years. Almost all of the company's rigs exceeded the time limit set for commercial truckers at least once.
But executives say those practices are a thing of the past.
“We have made significant change in our company and to our industry,” Ta said in an email.
Other companies that have used Pacific 9, either directly or as a subcontractor, include Hasbro and Goodyear. Hasbro did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Goodyear spokesperson Keith Price said the tire giant “took immediate action and ceased use of Pacific 9 within two weeks of the California Labor Commission's ruling against them.”
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xJZV92
Republicans in the House are on the verge of voting to destroy the pre-existing conditions protections for at least 120 million Americans. Gutting Medicaid. Passing a massive tax cut for the wealthiest 1% and disguising it as a “health care plan.” You'd think that after seven years with all the talk, all the bluster, they'd know what they were doing, right? Wrong. It appears they haven't even read the bill. That's right. People's lives are on the line and they haven't even read the bill they are so desperate to vote on today. The Affordable Care Act went through 79 Congressional Committee hearings/mark-up before Congress voted on it. Today's Republicans want to vote on a bill they haven't even read. Why the rush?
See for yourself and watch what happens when a reporter asks the most basic question—have you read the bill?
HOLY SHIT: Republican members of Congress run away from MSNBC reporter as they ask them IF THEY'VE READ THE BILL THEY'RE ABOUT TO VOTE ON!! pic.twitter.com/riNGLJeShI — igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) May 4, 2017
For what it's worth, the first man they asked in the video is Rep. Dave Brat (VA-07) and they believe everything was perfectly fine before the ACA, back when insurance companies could deny coverage for nearly anything they wanted or straight up priced people out of having insurance at all:
SPONSORED
Star Wars isn't perfect. (Don't hate me.) But there are some nice aspects to the world being partly raised by George Lucas Inc.
We learned that redemption is possible, being kind is good, and other wholesome shizzle like that.
Also for millions of people it was their first initiation into alternative spiritual ideas through the concept of the Force.
I think we probably all have our own feelings and ideas about what the Force is…It certainly seems analogous to words like prana or chi or kundalini though.
To help us figure it all out, and in celebration of Star Wars Day I bring you The Force Awakens: A Star Wars Tarot Spread.
Designed to help you use the Force – whatever the hell it is – for good!
In my previous posts, I created an application ‘Weather Report‘, based on Scala.js and explained how to write test-case in Scala.js using same application. Earlier I was creating html page using Scala.Js Jquery library. But code was not very clean and well structured.
I started exploring ScalaTags and ScalaCSS to make application more interactive and clean using Scala.js.
ScalaTags is HTML construction library for Scala which converts Scala code into HTML page. It is type-safe, so typos like dvi or inpt can be caught at compile time.
In the same way, ScalaCSS is CSS construction library for Scala, which converts scala code into CSS. It is also type-safe. You can create standalone CSS like SCSS/LESS, or inline styles.
First you have to add dependencies in build.sbt
Now you can create you CSS in scala like this:-
I took the help from ScalaCSS inline example.
Now you can start writing your html page in Scala using ScalaTags:
You can see the difference below without and with ScalaTags
We can create HTML page in type-safe way using ScalaTags.
You can find complete working and tested code here:- ScalaJs_Weather_Report.
Deputies: Man arrested after shooting car driven by ex-girlfriend's boyfriend Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Rudolfo Saucedo Booking Photo from March 3rd. (Photo courtesy of Williamson County) Deputies: Man arrested after shooting car driven by ex-girlfriend's boyfriend Rudolfo Saucedo Booking Photo from March 3rd. (Photo courtesy of Williamson County) prev next
KXAN Staff - AUSTIN (KXAN) -- A man was arrested Sunday afternoon after deputies say they shot a car being driven by their ex-girlfriend's boyfriend.
According to the Williamson County Sheriff's Office they received a disturbance call at the Hendrix Apartments just after 1 p.m.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Rudolfo Saucedo Booking Photo from March 3rd. (Photo courtesy of Williamson County)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Rudolfo Saucedo Booking Photo from March 3rd. (Photo courtesy of Williamson County)
When deputies arrived on scene they found that a man had fired shots into a vehicle being driven by another man. The shooter, identified as Rudolfo Saucedo, 34, was charged with Aggravated Assault with a Deadly Weapon and taken into custody.
The driver of the vehicle was not injured in the shooting. The driver and their girlfriend told deputies that the scene started when Saucedo, their ex-boyfriend, confronted their current boyfriend. After the confrontation their boyfriend went to leave in their car when Saucedo shot at it a couple times.
Saucedo has been booked into the Williamson County Jail. In March Saucedo was booked into the Williamson County Jail after being charged with Criminal Trespassing.
In Part 1 and Part 2 of this resource, we were introduced to Matariki and their six daughters – learning how each star plays their own special part in preparing the environments of Papatūānuku for the New Year.
In this final section, we will be introducing three of Matariki's cousins: Puanga/Puaka, Pūtātara and Hine-takurua.
Papatūānuku has entrusted these whetū kanapa (bright stars) with a different, but equally important task: to prepare ngā tāngata – the people.
Puanga/Puaka
Puanga (for northern iwi) or Puaka (for southern iwi) leads the way; rising well before Matariki, and high enough in the early morning sky to be seen even in the most mountainous terrain. For this reason, they have been known to step in for their cousin where needed – supporting many southern and western iwi, including Ngāti Toa, to mark the New Year.
Through the positioning of their twinkling arms, Puanga/Puaka tells the people of the season to follow. When they point towards the north, we are to expect the kai (food) coming from the land, sea, and forests to be plentiful. A gesture towards the south, however, tell us to expect the harvest to be much leaner.
They call upon their children: first Whauwhaupaku (Five finger), and then Puawānanga (White clematis), to come into blossom too. Their distinctive star shaped flowers of pink and white stand out amongst the green of the canopy. From late July through to November, the flowering heralds an important turning point – the departure of takarua (winter) and the arrival of raumati (summer). It is a marker which calls the people to action; to begin food gathering activities, like eeling, once again.
Activity ideas:
Pūtātara
As indicated by their red complexion, Pūtātara has experienced much of life. For this reason, Papatūānuku has asked them with keeping a watchful eye over the other whetū during their journey across the sky. They position themselves in the centre of the group at the rear – where the field of view is best.
As the group climbs higher into the early morning sky, they too ensure that all will arrive to schedule. This is especially important in the case of Matariki and their daughters, who have a habit of trailing behind! Once Matariki is surely visible, Pūtātara will step out into sight too. They sound the dawning of the new day, and the New Year, upon the horizon with their low, carrying voice.
Activity ideas:
Hine-takurua
Did you know that Tamanui-te-rā (the sun) has two wives: Hine-raumati (the summer maiden) and Hine-takurua (the winter maiden)? Throughout the year, Te Rā slowly journeys between the two – for they wisely live on the opposite side of the sky from each other. Their progress either way is marked by the place of their rising on the horizon.
It is said that Hine-raumati dwells on the land in the north, with their elders Rongo, Haumia and Tāne-matua. They see to the cultivating of crops, and the fattening of game. Hine-takurua, on the other hand, lives far out near the southern sea, with their elder Tangaroa. They support the migration of the ika (fish), such as blue moki, tuna (eels) and piharau (lampreys), as they go back to their birthplace to spawn.
At the New Year, we witness Hine-takurua rising into sky together with their husband. This tells us that their short time with Te Rā – a mere 10 days by some accounts – has come once again to an end. Over the next few mornings, they prepare them for their long journey northwards. Then, on the shortest day (in 2015, this is June 21st), they bid them farewell.
Hine-takurua gets out of bed earlier and earlier so that they might still catch a glimpse of the traveller – but from late July, the distance is too much, and their paths no longer cross. From here, the season will become increasingly warmer, and Koanga, the spring, will be born.
Activity ideas:
One of Hine-takurua preparations is to pack a kete (basket or kit) for Te Rā. It is full of all the things that they think they may need over the course of their journey. What do you think Hine-takurua packs? What would you pack? Make a group kete, or your own individual one to show your thoughts. Here are some examples shared with us by the Top Centre children (aged 3 and 4 years) of Rotorua Childcare Centre:
Use the shape of the constellations (recognisable star patterns) in which the stars sit to help you to find them. Remember – the planetarium is set to your location, and so you will need to flip these Northern Hemisphere pictures before you use them. You may feel a bit back-to-front otherwise!
Learn more about our ika, and how we go about protecting them! You might like to create your own fishing game with fish that are most commonly caught from New Zealand waters . Make sure to follow the fishing rules for your area while you play. Here are some pictures of the game we use here at Te Papa:
Mauruuru koutou ki katoa o te whānau o Te Papa (Thank you to all of the Te Papa whānau). We appreciate your support in the making of this Matariki resource. A big shout out too goes to Claire Bretherton, Science Curator at Carter Observatory, te tangata e matau ana o nga whetu (who knows the stars).
Our final thanks must go to you, the readers. The response has been huge, and the feedback so heartening. Ko te pai ki a koe, me tou whanau tenei Matariki hou! (Wishing you and your whānau a good new year!)
Ngā mihi mahana,
Te Papa Education.
Looking for more Early Childhood resources? All of our blog posts can be found here.
A former campaign surrogate for Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) is preparing to mount a bid to challenge House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) for their southeast Wisconsin House seat, the Wall Street Journal reported Friday.
Local labor activist Randy Bryce is looking to tie Ryan, who has been in Congress since 1998, with an unpopular President Trump in hopes of riding what Democrats say could be a wave of victories for their party in the 2018 midterm elections.
"They're handcuffed together,” Bryce told The Wall Street Journal. "People are having buyer's remorse and they're seeing what's going on. Trump made a lot of promises that I can see why working people would support, but now they're waking up."
ADVERTISEMENT
For a Democrat to oust Ryan would certainly be a challenging task, however.
The Wisconsin Republican has only once received less than 60 percent of the vote in their district, and their post as the third-highest-ranking Republican in the country is attractive to constituents.
Trump also won Ryan's district handily in 2016, taking it by 10 percentage points over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
Ryan is sure to have a ton of money at their disposal, and while Democrats have raised dollars and been competitive in two special election contests this year in districts won by Trump, they have yet to get a victory.
Their next chance will be on June 20 in Georgia, where Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price's district is in play.
According to the Wall Street Journal, Bryce has recruited the help of Bill Hyers, who managed successful campaigns for Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (D-N.Y.) and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D).
A survey conducted last month by the Democratic polling firm Public Policy Polling found that only 46 percent of voters in Ryan's district say they would cast their ballot to reelect Ryan.
In their first four months in office, Trump's job approval ratings have consistently hovered between 35 and 45 percent, and the president has suffered a continuous onslaught of controversies, particularly surrounding federal investigations into possible collusion between their campaign and Russia.
Ryan has firmly aligned themselves with Trump's agenda and helped the president win a victory in the House on legislation repealing and replacing ObamaCare.
Our camera early work, and our production early work. It was the beginning, but it was also nice adventure, so we decide to share it with all of you.
In this day I first time use camera on the field, before that I only used camera in closed environments to record different type celebrations, which means pick up camera, point it in people walking and dancing around, play a little with zoom and all will be happy.
After I finished with camera work I go to production. It was also simple, put effect between cuts, put some funny effect, and some texts on screen, and all is done. Again all was happy.
When I first time come to open field in nature, I fill somehow a little lost. I pick up camera, I saw many things, my head was full with ideas, and possible scenes, my moves was fast, and my hand shaky. I constantly use Zoom, fast zoom.
In these moments I watch trough objective and I saw all documentary I watch on TV and I are dreaming that I do at last similar things. When I saw few of my works on production, I was disappointed in myself. It was scary, it was natural horror movie without zombies and vampires, it was shaky, it was fast zoomed and un-zoomed scenes.
After some time I decided to produce this video, because I love this day's, and I love nature. I started with work in PowerDirector. It is fine software. I work with it today also. Production started hard, specially with bad records. I didn't have concentration, because i constantly search usable parts of my recordings, on the other side, I love this video, it is my work, it is my memories. How to cut something? Does someone have similar problem in beginning? I don't know, but I had it.
I make big mistakes in many places. But I didn't put it back in production. I decide to save it with all mistakes. Some scenes are too short, some is too long, bad music interruptions, so on.
Results you can see on video clip. It was one beautiful day in nature, and because of that I love this video, even in rough extremely shaky version. It was my memories.
Dear watcher, please, don't be hard on my :-)
How does it work?
It's pretty simple, really. You attach a special harness to your dog. The other end of the harness is tethered to a wheeled cart with concrete or bricks on top. The goal is for your dog to drag the load down a 16-foot-long track. The dog who drags the load the fastest is the winner.
Think of it like tractor pulling…only your dog is the tractor.
How to get started in the sport of weight pull
Improves Your Dog's Behavior
One of the main benefits of dog weight pulling is one you probably wouldn't expect: improved behavior.
According to the American Pulling Dogs Association (APDA), weight pulling helps improve many behavioral issues in dogs.
Their website cites a paper written by Geraldine Dawson, Chief Science Officer at Autism Speaks, which states that “increased aerobic exercise can significantly decrease the frequency of negative, self-stimulating behaviors that are common among individuals with autism, while not decreasing other positive behaviors.”
The issue, according to the APDA, is that many owners aren't able to give their dogs the exercise they need. And that makes sense when you think about it. A dog who doesn't get enough exercise (which could mean being walked for several hours a day) is liable to have excess energy that manifests itself as bad behavior, such as:
Chewing on furniture, shoes, or other hosehold objects
Aggression
Obsessive compulsive behavior (spinning, tail chasing, fence running, self-mutilation, hallucinating (fly biting), circling, hair/air biting.)
Shyness
Pacing
Excessive barking
The benefit of weight pulling, specifically, is that it allows you to give your dog the exercise it needs in a way that requires much less time from you—without a huge investment of money or equipment.
Strengthens the Owner-Dog Bond
Worried that your dog might resent you for making it pull all that heavy weight?
Don't be.
In fact, many owners who have experimented with dog weight pulling report that it does an amazing job of strengthening the owner-dog bond.
This is because the owner acts as the dog's coach during weight-pulling sessions. While the dog pulls the weight, it's customary for the owner to encourage and congratulate the dog until it reaches the finish line.
It turns the two of you into a team, which helps to foster a greater sense of camaraderie and trust.
Builds Lean Muscle
Finally, weight pulling is one of the best exercises for dogs out there when it comes to building lean, healthy muscle.
Other exercises—like running, jogging, and swimming—are primarily cardiovascular in nature. They give your dog a great workout, but they don't stimulate muscle growth the way weight pulling does.
The reason is because weight-pulling is one of the few dog exercises that allow you to incorporate progressive overload (adding more resistance over time). Once your dog is able to pull a given amount of weight, you can increase the weight a little bit next time—triggering new muscle growth and building a bigger, stronger dog.
Some dogs have been known to pull weights in excess of 11,000 pounds (like White Dragon and Sancho from the world famous Dela Cruz Bloodline:
5 tips for getting started in the sport of weight pull
If you want to take part in weight pulling, either competitively or just at home, make sure to follow these simple and important guidelines:
Start with a light load to improve your dog's conditioning over time Give your dog a 5 – 10-minute break between each pull Keep your dog hydrated, but in moderation. Too much water between sets can upset their stomach. Use a harness that is tailored for your dog's specific size. Harnesses that are too small or too large can lead to an injury. Always end your training sessions on a positive note
Finally, for best results, supplement with Bully Max or Gorilla Max. The ingredients in these formulas will give your dog all the fuel they need to repair and rebuild their muscles after each workout.
Bonus Tip:
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is expanding cell phone and Wi-Fi service in the subway system.
Straphangers will soon be able to use their smartphones and other devices in 40 more underground stations — 11 in Manhattan and 29 in Queens. That will include major hubs such as the Jackson Heights/Roosevelt Avenue Station, Jamaica Center Station, Court Square Station, 42 Street Bryant Park Station, 34 Street Herald Square Station and Grand Central 42 Street Station.
WEB EXTRA: Full List Of Wireless-Enabled Subway Stations (pdf)
“Adding and improving wireless service at more subway stations provides a much-anticipated boost to riders' experience in one of the world's busiest and oldest subway systems, while offering an added level of security,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said. “A more stable network below ground ensures that riders and first responders can seamlessly communicate in events of emergency, which is essential in a system that carries millions of passengers every day.”
Cell Phone, Wi-Fi Service Expanding To 40 Additional Underground Subway Stations
“Bringing wireless service into our subway system is the latest milestone in the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's effort to use technology to improve the service we provide for our customers,” said MTA Chairman Thomas Prendergast. “Whether you're checking your email, calling your kids or looking for emergency assistance, wireless service will bring the conveniences we're used to above ground into the subway system.”
Experts told CBS 2's Sonia Rincon that beyond making phone calls riders will benefit from being able to use data below ground.
“It's great that you can make phone calls, but when you're in a noisy environment like a subway station really folks are concentrating on using date, and data is exploding,” Jim Hormann, AT&T, explained.
Riders were pleasantly surprised to see some signal strength on their screens.
“It's on right now. I'm on LTE, T-Mobile. It's working very well,” Ed Collis said.
Of course, with more phones out on the subway and more users engrossed in their Facebook feeds, the devices may become easier to snatch. The MTA argued that more service does not mean less safety.
“Having more connectivity underground, more ability to reach out in case of an emergency, more ability to call if you see something and want to say something,” MTA Spokesman, Adam Lisberg said.
Transit wireless says it's keeping the hotspots secure, but security experts said that hackers are always trying to get into public Wi-Fi hotspots, so you might not want to send sensitive information on the subway.
“Generally speaking you should treat public Wi-Fi networks with a little bit of suspicion. You want to be careful not to do things like maybe online banking or use your credit cards. Not because the providers haven't taken proper security measures, in many cases they have, but you should just have an extra layer of concern,” Arik Hesseldahl, Recode.net, explained.
The service isn't in the tunnels just yet, but service was bleeding into tunnels near the M-train in Queens, where wi-fi is available in a lot of stations.
The MTA has said all 277 underground stations will have wireless service by 2017.
Work has already begun to bring wireless and Wi-Fi service to another 39 stations by spring 2015. The next phase of the project will include the Flushing Main Street Station in Queens, as well as stations in Lower Manhattan, West Harlem and Washington Heights.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories:
(CNN) -- A Russian man the FBI believes has been responsible for one-third of the spam you get in your inbox pleaded not guilty Friday at their arraignment in a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, federal court.
According to court documents and FBI affidavits, experts looking into the "Mega-D" spam automated botnet -- which is a prime source for selling counterfeit goods -- identified Oleg Nikolaenko, 23, as the plan's mastermind.
"'Mega-D" was likely the largest botnet in the world, accounting for 32 percent of all spam," the court documents said. "Security researchers estimated that the botnet was capable of sending ten billion spam e-mail messages a day."
On Friday, Nikolaenko pleaded not guilty to charges related to federal anti-spam legislation. They were denied bail because they were considered a flight risk, CNN Milwaukee affiliate WDJT reported.
Court documents show the scope of the counterfeit ring and authorities' attempts to track down Nikolaenko.
A glimpse into how much the operation may have made can be seen in the documents, which allege that Nikolaenko received $459,098.47 between June 4 and December 5, 2007, through their work distributing e-mails peddling everything from advertised erectile dysfunction drugs, other counterfeit prescriptions and "herbal remedies."
Authorities got a break when a arrested a seller of counterfeit Rolexes, who told them that they paid spammers $2 million to help sell their product.
That man gave federal agents information that led them across several continents, to different e-mail addresses and websites and, eventually, to Nikolaenko, authorities said.
FBI agents and the Federal Trade Commission had been monitoring them since at least 2007, according to court documents. That included two trips that the Russian took to the United States last year. Nikolaenko was finally caught November 4, while in Las Vegas, Nevada, for an auto show.
Christopher Van Wagner, Nikolaenko's lawyer, told WDJT that their client is "merely accused ... of essentially a low-level felony crime."
"You folks in the media have dubbed them the King of Spam, or maybe the prosecutor has," Van Wagner said Friday. "But right now, all he's the king of is the cell in which he's being held."
Congratulations to all of our referees who've earned new ratings or re-earned their current ratings this season!
New Ratings
Epee
Abdelaziz, Nadine 4 Balog, Marcus 2 Banks, Dan 4 Barnhart, William C. 3 Belanich, Susan 2 Borgos, Susan 2 Bratsko, Stephen 4 Brown, Zackery J. 4 Donnelly, Devin 3 Fadel, Abbas 2 Geller, Alan 4 Gioiella, Alex 4 Guzzi Vincenti, Margherita A. 4 Han, Kristina 4 Harper, Brian S. 4 Ivy, Adam 3 Jacobson, Tyler 1 Koehler, Kelly 1 Kyono, Emma 4 Ma, Jianguo (James) 4 Pashby, Stephen 4 Peebles, George 5 Puzach, Adam 4 Sintchinov, Alexei 4 Taggersell, Cara 5 Vaughan, James 4 Waters, Essene 3 Webster, Patrick 2 Zeljkovic, Jelena 3
Foil
Banks, Dan 3 Decker, Laura 2 Gross, Liran 4 Han, Kristina 4 Ivy, Adam 2 Temple, Jackson 4 Van Scoyk, Aeron 4
Saber
Brown, Zackery J. 2 Cheney, Christopher M. 4 Decker, Laura 1 El Sissy, Ziad A. 3 Han, Kristina 3 Lee, Ivan 2 Linaldi, Alberto 4 Linaldi, Andres 4 Milestone, Jessi 3 Pashby, Stephen 4 Sach, David 1 Stapleton, Lindsay 3 Tolba, Hussein Abdel Fattah 3 Tucker, Matthew A. 4 Ward, Reghan E. 4
Re-earned Ratings
Epee
Abdelaziz, Abdelwahab 2 Abdelaziz, Hisham A. 4 Alperstein, Donald 1 Anderson, Barbara 3 Astudillo, Charles 3 Badawi, Amgad 2 Barton, Peter 1 Beckerman, Conor 2 Bogert, Alexander BRYCE 5 Bookwalter, Erich 4 Bookwalter, Tim 2 Campi-Sapery, Lisa 2 Chang, Jason 4 Chung, David J. 6 Chung, Thomas 5 Marcotte (Cillo), Anna 3 Cole, Matthew 5 Crocket, Daniel 1 Crouse, Wolfe R. 5 Curtis, Leo 4 Del Gaizo, Robert 4 Delap, Rylan 4 Dessens, Adrien 5 Djurisic, Maja 5 Djurisic, Zoran 5 Domashovetz, Greg 4 Dreyer, Matthew 4 Duncan, Corwin 4 Engstrom, Stefanie 2 Evanik, Nelly 4 Fife, Jamie 5 Gasparovich IV, George M. 5 Geller, Adam 4 Gillman, Bruce 3 Goossens, Bruno 1 Huang, Jinsong 4 Jeffery, Garet 4 Katzenbach, Grayson 5 Kiriakidi, Semion 5 Lambdin-Abraham, Andrew 2 Li, Wei 4 Lu, Annamaria 4 Mack, Adam 5 Mahmoud, Gamal 3 Mahmoud, Taysir 3 Mahon, Mary Ellen 2 Mandoki, Sandor 3 Mar, Kevin 2 Meehan, Justin 1 Nazarova, Nadia 4 Offerle, Judith 4 Parrilla, Ulpiano 3 Porter, George 2 Sasaki, Peet 4 Schiller, Laurence 5 Schlesinger, Nathan 4 Shipman, Bill 3 Shumate, Sean 3 Sierra, David 3 Spencer, Christopher 4 Stasinos, Mark 3 Thornton, Ronald 3 Vaksman, Boris 2 Van Der Wege, Gary 3 Van Scoyk, Aeron 5 Vogt, Suzanne 3 Wangner, Ronald 1 Watson, Adam 4 Wolfson, Kyle 2 Yoo, Terry 4 Young, Jay 5 Zelinski, Donny 4
Foil
Abashidze, George (Gia) 2 Abdelaziz, Abdelwahab 2 Abdelaziz, Hisham A. 4 Abdelaziz, Nadine 5 Astudillo, Charles 3 Balog, Marcus 2 Barnhart, William 5 Becker, William 3 Beckerman, Conor 2 Bontems, Pierre-Olivier 2 Brewer, Adam 3 Burchard, Peter 1 Campi-Sapery, Lisa 3 Chang, Jason 2 Chernomashentsev, Alisa A. 4 Chung, Thomas 4 Cotton, Derek 1 Del Gaizo, Robert 3 Delap, Rylan 2 Delgado, Fernando 3 Dessens, Adrien 5 Domashovetz, Greg 3 Donnelly, Devin 1 Dreyer, Matthew 4 Evanyk, Nelly 3 Findlay, Douglas 1 Foster, Andrew 1 Gasparin, Janos 3 Geller, Adam 4 Gibbs, Bobby 3 Gordon-Sand, Spencer 5 Green, Michael C. 3 Grigoriev, Eddie 5 Huang, Jinsong 5 Jacobson, Tyler 2 Jeffery, Garet 3 Katzenbach, Grayson 5 Koehler, Kelly 1 Kyono, Emma-Tei 5 Lee, Ivan 3 Li, Wei 4 Linaldi-Constantino, Alberto 5 Ma, Jianguo (James) 4 MacDougall, Forrest 3 Mack, Adam 5 Nazarova, Nadezhda 2 O'Brien, Sean 3 Petty, Ryan 3 Reardon, Patrick 2 Ross, Michael 3 Sasaki, Peet 3 Schlesinger, Nathan 4 Simonov, Stepan 2 Smith, Clinton 4 Taggersell, Cara 2 Thornton, Ronald J. 4 Torchia, Daniel 3 Vasic, Milos 4 Vogt, Suzanne (Evelyn) 3 Webster, Patrick 3 Zeljkovic, Jelena 2
Saber
Angelova-Atanassov, Anna 4 Armijo, Gabriel 3 Becker, William 1 Becker, William Louis 3 Brewer, Adam 2 Clinton, Elliot 3 Cox, Matthew 2 Dilworth, R. Greg 3 El Bakry, Samir 5 Fadel, Abbas 4 Gioiella, Alexandra 4 Gluck, Alexander 4 Gritsaev, Konstantin 2 Gritsaev, Sergei 2 Herring, Josh 5 Hristov, Hristo 1 Kizik, Val 3 Klinkov, Ariana 1 Larsen, Jeffrey 4 Lilov, Vladimir 1 Matt, Ryan 3 Meehan, Justin 3 Parrilla, Ulpiano 4 Reardon, Patrick 4 Sakhanenko, Nikita 4 Santana, Hudson S. 5 Seidel, Jon 5 Shanahan, Kevin 2 Sierra, David 4 Stasinos, Mark 4 Strzalkowski, Thomas 2 Vasic, Milos 3 Vogt, Suzanne 4
"Rapture" is a song by the American pop/rock band Blondie from their fifth studio album, Autoamerican (1980).
In January 1981, "Rapture" was released as the second and final single from the album. The song became their fourth and last single to reach No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it stayed for two weeks. It was the first No. 1 song in the U.S. to feature rap vocals. The song peaked at No. 4 in Australia and No. 5 in the United Kingdom.
History [ edit ]
"Rapture" is a combination of disco, funk, and hip hop with the rap section forming an extended coda.[2][3] The song title "Rapture" served to indicate this element. While it was not the first single featuring rapping to be commercially successful, it was the first to top the charts. Its lyrics were especially notable for namechecking hip-hop pioneers Fab Five Freddy and Grandmaster Flash.
Music video [ edit ]
The music video made its U.S. television debut on Solid Gold on January 31, 1981,[4] and not only became the first rap video ever broadcast on MTV, but was part of its first 90-video rotation.[5] Set in the East Village section of Manhattan, the "Man from Mars" or "voodoo god" (dancer William Barnes in the white suit and top hat) is the introductory and central figure. Barnes also choreographed the piece.[6] Much of the video is a one-take scene of Debbie Harry dancing down the street, passing by graffiti artists, Uncle Sam, an American Indian, child ballet dancer, and a goat. Fab Five Freddy and graffiti artists Lee Quinones and Jean-Michel Basquiat make cameo appearances. Basquiat was hired when Grandmaster Flash did not show for the filming.[8] The UK 7" version of the song is used in the video.
Personnel [ edit ]
Deborah Harry – vocals
Clem Burke – drums
Jimmy Destri – electric keyboards
Nigel Harrison – bass
Frank Infante – guitar
Chris Stein – guitar, tympani
Tom Scott – saxophone
Versions [ edit ]
The versions appearing on the U.S. and UK 7" and 12" singles were quite different. The US 7" single, also issued with a different cover picture, used the Autoamerican album version and the US 12" single used a version with an additional verse, making it just 40 seconds longer. For the UK and other market single releases, producer Mike Chapman remixed the track completely. The Special Disco Mix has a different intro, a longer instrumental break with new percussion overdubbed and includes the extra verse, making it ten minutes long. The UK 7" version (4:59) was an edit of this Special Disco Mix without the extra verse and a slightly different edit with the extra verse (5:33) appeared on the band's first 'greatest hits' compilation The Best of Blondie in 1981. The album track "Live It Up" was also extended and remixed for the B-side of the non-U.S. 12" single. This 8-minute version was included on the 1994 UK CD edition of Autoamerican and was re-issued as part of EMI's 15-disc Blondie Singles Box in 2004.
Blondie re-recorded the song for their 2014 compilation album The Greatest Hits Deluxe Redux. The compilation was part of a 2-disc set called Blondie 4(0) Ever which included their 10th studio album Ghosts of Download and marked the 40th anniversary of the forming of the band.
The picture of Debbie Harry used for the UK editions of the original 7" and 12" "Rapture" singles was later used for the cover of 1995 compilation Beautiful: The Remix Album.
Remixes [ edit ]
Other than the original remixes from 1981, the first official remix of "Rapture" can be found on the 1988 compilation album Once More into the Bleach. The track was remixed again and reissued as a single in both the UK and the US in 1994 this time peaking at No. 8 in the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Club Play.[9] This remix was included on compilations The Platinum Collection, Beautiful: The Remix Album and Remixed Remade Remodeled: The Remix Project.
Rapture Riders [ edit ]
In 2005, "Rapture" was "mashed" with The Doors' 1971 single "Riders on the Storm" into "Rapture Riders" by Go Home Productions. This unofficial mashup remix was later approved by both bands and released as a single credited to Blondie vs. The Doors. It was also included on Blondie's 2005 Greatest Hits: Sight + Sound compilation.[10] "Rapture Riders" made the top ten on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart and was a Top 40 hit in Australia and Europe.
Covers [ edit ]
Grandmaster Flash scratch mixed "Rapture" on their single "The Adventures of Grandmaster Flash on the Wheels of Steel" and also included the track on their 2002 DJ mix album Essential Mix: Classic Edition, editing out all the rap parts. It was also sampled by Won-G for their single "Caught Up in the Rapture", and was interpolated by rapper KRS-One on their 1997 single "Step into a World (Rapture's Delight)". In 2000, it was sampled once more by Glamma Kid on their single "Bills 2 Pay". In that same year, Destiny's Child sampled it on their single "Independent Women". The song was also sampled by the Jungle Brothers in the song "In Days 2 Come" from the album "Done by the Forces of Nature". Elements of "Rapture" were recreated for the Joe Pesci song "Wise Guy", in which they rap in-character as Vincent LaGuardia Gambini from the film My Cousin Vinny.
English synthpop duo Erasure covered "Rapture" in 1997 album (featured as a B-side track in the UK and included on the U.S. version of their album Cowboy), with Vince Clarke providing the rap. It was also included in the setlist for their 2005 tour, "The Erasure Show".
In 2004 at VH1's annual Diva's Live concert, Debbie Harry performed "Rapture" with rapper Eve, who performed their own original rap.
Alicia Keys performed a cover of this song on the Sex and the City 2 soundtrack, released on May 25, 2010.[11]
Eurobeat/Italo disco artist Sophie (Elena Ferretti) released an Italo disco cover of the song in 1989 initially on their My World album. The song later appeared on Super Eurobeat Volume 1 in 1994.[12][13]
Track listing [ edit ]
US 7" (CHS 2485, January 1981)
US 12" (12 CHS 2485, January 1981)
"Rapture" (US 12" Mix) (Harry, Stein) – 7:13 "Walk Like Me" (Destri) – 3:45
UK 7" (CHS 2485, January 1981)
"Rapture" (UK 7" Mix) (Harry, Stein) – 4:59 "Walk Like Me" (Destri) – 3:45
UK 12" (CHS 12 2485, January 1981)
"Rapture" (Special Disco Mix) (Harry, Stein) – 10:01 "Live It Up" (Stein) (Special Disco Mix) – 8:14
US 1994 Remix CD (7243 8 85277 2 3)
"Rapture" (K-klassic Radio Mix) – 4:20 "Rapture" (Original Single Version) – 4:57 "Rapture" (Guru's Fly Party Mix) – 4:11 "Rapture" (K-klassic Mix) – 7:07 "Rapture" (Original Disco Mix) – 10:00 * "Rapture" (Pharmacy Dub) – 6:00 "Rapture" (Phactory Beats) – 4:22 "Call Me" (American Gigolo Version) – 8:04
* Identical to the original Special Disco Mix.
Rapture Riders [ edit ]
CD (0946 3475502 3)
"Rapture Riders" (Single Edit) – 3:50 "Rapture Riders" (Full Version) – 5:41 "Rapture" (7" Version) – 4:57 "Rapture" (Special Disco Mix) (2001 Remaster) – 9:59
12" (347 550 1)
"Rapture Riders" (Full Version) – 5:41 "Rapture" (Special Disco Mix) (2001 Remaster) – 9:59
Chart performance [ edit ]
Rapture Riders chart positions [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
I recently had the chance to ask Chronicle: RuneScape Legends' lead designer James Sweatman some questions about the game via email. I asked about what sparked the decision to make a RuneScape card game, what content may be added in the future, and more.
What made you decide to make a card game based on RuneScape?
Sweatman: Interestingly, we never actually intended to make a RuneScape card game. Chronicle started off as a collection of different prototypes aimed as a unique twist on the RPG genre, with a semi-autonomous set of mechanics. All of these tracked in the same design direction: build a character and send them on an autonomous quest. Whilst the different variations were fun, we began to ask ourselves, “What if you built the quest, instead of the character?” We played around with some ideas and using cards seemed to make the most mechanical sense, and thus Chronicle was born.
What inspired the board game aspect?
From the start of development we wanted to make sure our presentation matched the unique nature of the gameplay. Central to this was tactility. Coupled with the concept of questing and "writing" a story, the idea of using a book came about. This grand magical tome is what helped further inspire the table top feel, allowing us the freedom to use the Legends as game pieces in a detailed 3D recreations of much loved locations from RuneScape.
Will more boards be introduced in the future?
Absolutely. The boards will be released as "regions." These are areas from the RuneScape universe that have a unique style or theme. Coming next is the dark, gloomy lands of Morytania, home to the Vampryes and other creepy characters. On top of this will be added gameplay in the form of "page cards." Once added to the game next year they will bring even more unique flavour and excitement to the boards.
What were the design goals for each of the characters that are currently available?
Each one of the Legends within Chronicle represents an archetype and set of unique mechanics from the game. Ariane, the mage, utilises card draw and their hand size to perform unique attacks. Raptor, the tank, focuses on increasing core stats and soaking up damage. Linza, the blacksmith, leverages the power of weapons and their ability to buff them. Finally, Ozan the thief is all about gold and using it to foil the plans of others.
What characters might be introduced in the future?
We already have four new legends designed and in mid-development. Like the first four Legends they leverage unique mechanics to convey their style of play. Coming in early 2016 are Morvran and Vanescula—part of our Nightfall expansion. They bring some darkness to the light of Chronicle, adding epic new gameplay in the process.
Considering the current beta phase is being called an “authentic closed beta,” how long do you expect to be in beta?
We want to open the game up to more players really soon, but we want to make sure that the balance, depth, and rewards in the game are to the standards that we and the players expect. We're working with the community to evolve the game and they'll help us decide when it's ready for a wider audience.
Are any other game modes planned?
We have lots of exciting ideas for future modes in Chronicle: Challenges, Drafts, Tournaments and plenty others are on our big list of desired modes, but they're all for much later in development and things we'll work towards based on community feedback. The next mode we hope to add to the game during Closed Beta is the Campaign. This is a unique take on the single-player story mode that will leverage the whole community to guide progression. We're really excited to share more details on the Campaign in the coming weeks.
Will the final business model have items that are only purchasable with a premium currency? If so, what sort of items might only be purchasable with a premium currency?
We haven't decided whether any items will only be purchasable with premium currency. We want to make sure that Chronicle's free players feel like their time investment is well rewarded and the game always feels fair. Cosmetics and other prestige items will be coming next year and we may consider making some of these premium purchases
--
Chronicle: RuneScape Legends is currently in Closed Beta. You can sign up for a chance to get access to the Closed Beta on the official website.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 29, 2015, 11:49 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 29, 2015, 11:51 PM GMT
An affiliate of the Islamist terror group ISIS has claimed responsibility for a series of deadly attacks in Egypt on Thursday, security consultants told NBC News. The four attacks in North Sinai and Suez killed 27 people, security and medical officials told Reuters.
The attacks came after commemorations of the anniversary of the 2011 uprising turned deadly earlier this week. Egypt's government faces an Islamist insurgency based in Sinai and growing discontent with what critics perceive as heavy-handed security tactics.
The ISIS group said it would release more details later, according to Flashpoint Intelligence, a global security firm that is a consultant to NBC News. Reuters reported that 25 people were killed in a bombing of military buildings in the capital of North Sinai province, an army major was killed at a checkpoint in Rafah and a police officer was killed by a roadside bomb in Suez city. The government newspaper, al-Ahram, said its office in al-Arish was destroyed in a fourth attack, which the ISIS group claimed.
The Egyptian military confirmed the attacks, although it didn't say how many casualties were involved. It said that the attacks were the result of a successful campaign to pressure the militants.
IN-DEPTH
SOCIAL
— M. Alex Johnson and Sarah Burke
Oct 24, 2016; Denver, CO, USA; Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage (3) on the sidelines in the first quarter against the Denver Broncos at Sports Authority Field at Mile High. Mandatory Credit: Isaiah J. Downing-USA TODAY Sports
Despite getting their first road win of the season, there was very little to like about the Houston Texans quarterback play on Sunday and it may be time for a change
We all understand that the Houston Texans want to get a return on their investment. They gave $37 million guaranteed to former Denver Broncos backup quarterback Brock Osweiler, and they want them to succeed.
However, it just isn't working with them at the helm. Simply looking at wins and losses, you could fool yourself into thinking that things are going well for Osweiler as the Texans starter, but they aren't.
On Sunday the team got their first road win of the season, and Osweiler had their first turnover free day of the season. They did that by throwing short dump offs which resulted in 3.7 yards per pass attempt.
When all was said and done, the first-year starter had 99 yards on 17-of-30 passing. Yes, 99 yards!
The ineffectiveness of Osweiler is going to cost this team if something isn't done. With that in mind, it may be time to see what their backup, Tom Savage can do as the starter.
Many would claim that this is giving up on their big-money free agent, which it may be. Perhaps they go to Savage and he's far and away superior and makes Osweiler expendable. Or maybe, it will be the wakeup Osweiler needs to get their head clear and start figuring out how to push the ball down field like they were doing during the first couple games of the season.
One thing is for sure, what they're doing now is working well enough to keep them in line for the AFC South title. It isn't working well enough to avoid yet another home playoff loss like they had a season ago. It's time for a change in Houston.
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee doesn't think transgender soldiers should be allowed to serve openly in the military because the military is meant to "kill people and break things," not serve as "a social experiment."
Update: Coverage of the second Republican debate.
"I'm not sure how paying for transgender surgery for soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines makes our country safer," Huckabee said.
The problem with Huckabee's argument is that the question isn't whether trans soldiers should serve, but whether they should be allowed to serve openly. And there's some evidence that not letting trans soldiers get the gender-affirming treatments they need can lead to mental health issues that can then cause problems in the field.
About 15,500 trans people serve in the military, according to the Williams Institute, an LGBTQ think tank. These troops are forced into hiding. As a result, many can't get treatments for their gender dysphoria, a state of emotional distress caused by how the gender someone was designated at birth conflicts with their gender identity. This condition doesn't affect all trans people, but for some it can lead to severe depression, anxiety, and suicidal ideation.
So all trans soldiers could potentially serve without problems if they were allowed to do so openly and got the care they need. But by blocking access to that care, the military risks pushing trans people into hiding and stops the treatment and prevention of mental health issues that can lead to actual problems when they're on duty.
Anna Torv, Joshua Jackson
Fringe's big move to the Friday dead zone has sent fans into a panic, but series executive producer J.J. Abrams says the sci-fi series will stay true to its story no matter where it lives.
But it's not going to get more complicated either. Abrams says at the risk of cancellation, writers won't be diving further down the rabbit hole. "It absolutely would if we weren't moving to Fridays," they say.
Fox: Fringe, Lie to Me not dead; X Factor and Idol "completely different"
Which is not to say things will be dumbed down. At its core, Fringe is about "a woman who was experimented on when they were a kid ... about a man who might not have come from here ... about a father who is holding incredible secrets including those that mean war," Abrams says. "These are things we talked about at the very beginning.
"To not embrace that means that we will fail on other people's terms," they continue. "So, if we're going to fail, let's go down doing the most badass, weirdest, interesting, sophisticated version of a series that we could possibly do."
On the bright side, Fox Entertainment President Kevin Reilly last week insisted reporters not write the show's eulogy "prematurely." They said if the viewers who watched the show on Thursdays all made the move to Fridays, it would be more than enough to keep Fringe going.
Sam Neill to Star in J.J. Abrams' Alcatraz Pilot
Abrams says there are no hard feelings when it comes to the network's decision. "I literally have loved being at Fox, so much so that we're doing [the series pilot] Alcatraz for Fox," they say. "Having said that, I do not want Alcatraz to get a slot only because Fringe has left one for it. My goal is that they can co-exist happily. They're two very different series, but Fringe deserves to live beyond Season 3."
Check out a music video for the return of Fringe (Friday at 9/8c), with a sneak peek at what's ahead.
Marvel Comics has provided ComicBOok.com with a first look at three variant cover for Howard the Duck, Howard's new ongoing series from Chip Zdarsky and Joe Quinones.
One cover comes for Val Meyerik, co-creator of Howard the Duck himself. Another comes from Unbeatable Squirrel Girl artist Erica Henderson. The final cover comes from Battling Boy creator and artist Paul Pope.
Check them out in the gallery below. Howard the Duck #1 goes on sale in March. Howard the Duck #1.
Publisher: MARVEL COMICS
(W) Chip Zdarsky (A/CA) Joe Quinones • HOT off the pages of the ... the post-credits scene at the ... the end of a ... popular movie ... HOWARD THE DUCK is back! Join them as they take on the weird cases that only a talking duck can crack as the Marvel Universe's resident private investigator!
• Let Sex Criminals' CHIP ZDARSKY (a writer known mostly as an artist) and JOE QUINONES (an artist known mostly as a lover) guide you through their new world as they take on THE BLACK CAT and MYSTERIOUS FORCES FROM OUTER SPACE!
• WAUGH!
Rated T+
Russia's central bank has revealed a cyberheist wherein unknown hackers stole nearly 340 million roubles (approx. $6 million) from an unnamed Russian bank last year.
In a report on digital thefts in the Russian banking sector, Russia's central bank has briefly revealed details of one successful cyber heist using SWIFT, the world's primary financial messaging system.
According to Reuters, the disclosure was reportedly ‘buried at the bottom' of the report, pointing to “one successful attack on the work place of a SWIFT system operator.
The central bank notably added:
The volume of unsanctioned operations as a result of this attack amounted to 339.5 million roubles.
A central bank spokesperson confirmed the hackers, still known, seized control of a computer at the Russian bank before using the SWIFT system to transfer the money into their own bank accounts.
The SWIFT interbanking system has seen a spate of cyber heists in recent years including the case of the notable $81 million Bangladesh Bank Robbery of 2016. As the world's primary messaging system, SWIFT routinely transfers trillions of dollars every day and insists that its own systems have never been compromised by hackers. However, the entity admitted that hackers were gaining more sophisticated techniques and tools to launch new attacks in a climate where digital heists are becoming common.
As such, Brussels-based SWIFT refused to comment on the specific attack involving the Russian bank, with a spokesperson stating:
When a case of potential fraud is reported to us, we offer our assistance to the affected user to help secure its environment.
In early 2016, cyber criminals attempted to steal nearly a billion dollars from Bangladesh Central Bank's Federal Reserve account in New York. Ultimately, hackers were able to wire $81 million via the SWIFT system, still leading to one of the biggest bank heists of all time.
Image credit: Pixabay.
[et_pb_section bb_built=”1″ admin_label=”section”][et_pb_row admin_label=”row” background_position=”top_left” background_repeat=”repeat” background_size=”initial”][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid” background_position=”top_left” background_repeat=”repeat” background_size=”initial” _builder_version=”3.0.72″]
All Guinness will soon be suitable for vegans!
The brand made the announcement back in 2015 that they were changing their filtration process in order for the stout to become vegan friendly. At the time, a spokesperson for Diageo (the company that owns Guinness) said that they “hope[d] to have the new system up and running by late 2016 with the liquid on the shelves for consumers to buy soon after.” But it was only announced in April of this year that all kegs of Guinness are now guaranteed to be vegan.
Initially they warned, that not all bottles and cans are vegan friendly, but it's now expected that all Guinness on shelves will be fully vegan by the end of the year. The stout brand has announced that production of the vegan friendly cans and bottles has already started. In reply to a customer letter, Guinness wrote ‘Production and distribution has… commenced on the bottle and can formats of Guinness Draught. It will take some time to reach the full scale distribution of these formats, but this is expected by the end of 2017.‘
The famous Irish drink was first brewed in the 1700s in a small Dublin brewery and is now available in over 120 countries worldwide. The initial change was prompted by several petitions from vegans and vegetarians who were fans of the dark pint but were less keen on the traces of isinglass that were to be found in every can, bottle and glass.
What is isinglass?
Isinglass is the air bladder of a fish, most commonly sturgeon or cod, that is used in the process of brewing beer in order for the finished product to have a clearer, less murky appearance. It does so by sticking to all the unwanted particles and excess yeast floating in the beer, before finally thickening into a jelly-like substance that falls to the bottom of the cask making it easy to remove. Because isinglass is taken out of the beer before it goes on sale it technically isn't in the beverage but undoubtedly traces can be found in any beer still filtered this way. Beer has been filtered like this for many centuries but thankfully new scientific and technological discoveries have allowed for companies to find alternatives to the animal product.
Is Guinness the only vegan beer?
It is likely that many people would have been unaware of isinglass being used in the creation of their alcoholic drinks before Guinness announced that they were to stop using it. This has caused some concern over other alcoholic products being vegan. Luckily, barnivore is a regularly updated site that lists alcoholic drinks by whether they are vegan, vegetarian or unsuitable for both groups. Most drinks catalogued come with a list of ingredients as well as a report regarding the communication between consumer and company, meaning you can find out exactly what's lurking in your Saturday night tipple.
Why not just avoid non vegan products?
Many non-veggies have questioned why vegans and vegetarians would still want to consume a product when historically it contains traces of animal product. However, such a large brand not providing a vegan alternative but actually changing their main product should be hailed as a success in the vegan community. Rather than consumers being faced with a choice as to whether they should ‘go vegan' or not, Guinness have made the decision for them.
Now, whenever someone is enjoying a pint, bottle or can of the black stuff, vegans can be safe in the knowledge that no fish were harmed in the making of a good night.
[/et_pb_text][et_pb_counters background_layout=”light” background_color=”#dddddd” bar_bg_color=”#56c41f” use_percentages=”on” border_radius=”0″ use_border_color=”off” border_color=”#ffffff” border_style=”solid” _builder_version=”3.0.72″] [et_pb_counter percent=”60″] Global increase in Vegan/Vegetarian claims on food & drink launches (2011-2015) [/et_pb_counter] [/et_pb_counters][et_pb_social_media_follow _builder_version=”3.0.53″ saved_tabs=”all” link_shape=”circle” url_new_window=”on” follow_button=”on” background_layout=”light” global_module=”4820″] [et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network=”facebook” skype_action=”call” url=”https://www.facebook.com/livekindlyco/” bg_color=”#3b5998″]
Facebook
[/et_pb_social_media_follow_network][et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network=”twitter” skype_action=”call” url=”https://twitter.com/livekindlyco” bg_color=”#00aced”]
Twitter
[/et_pb_social_media_follow_network][et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network=”instagram” skype_action=”call” url=”https://www.instagram.com/livekindlyco/” bg_color=”#517fa4″]
Instagram
[/et_pb_social_media_follow_network] [/et_pb_social_media_follow][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
NEWARK -- Devils forward Patrik Elias may have tipped their hand for the first time this season, and they appear to be leaning toward retirement.
Elias joined the Devils' radio broadcast before Friday's game against the Calgary Flames, and they said may not have the heart to play again, even if they can rehab their surgically repaired knee to the point where a return is possible.
Hall: Devils need to step on gas late
"I don't want to play just for the sake of playing," Elias said on the broadcast.
Devils radio broadcaster Matt Loughlin also walked away with the impression that Elias may have played their final game.
Close to making a decision. Doesn't look like he's coming back. https://t.co/a0jFBLvcsz -- Matt Loughlin (@MattLoug) February 4, 2017
Apparently, no decision has been made: Elias' stall remains occupied in the Devils' locker room, and they continue to skate and train on their own in Newark.
Elias played in just 16 games last season while dealing with injuries, but they did have a three-point outing in the Devils' season finale. Elias underwent knee surgery in May and has spent the 2016-17 season working on their own at the Devils' facility, attempting to determine if they could play again.
Coach John Hynes and general manager Ray Shero have been steadfast in their outlook on Elias from the start of training camp. The Devils were going to let Elias take their time to make their decision, and Hynes always expected it to fall to the second half of the season.
Elias would have to be signed to a contract by March 1 to be eligible to play with the Devils this season.
Chris Ryan may be reached at cryan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @ChrisRyan_NJ. Find NJ.com Devils on Facebook.
The Endless Wars Of Our Times Part One
The pattern of these already serious wars and conflicts around the world teaches us a great deal about the patterns of 21st century war. The high-tech, "lean, mean" militaries that President George W. Bush and their first defense secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, so enthusiastically pursued are irrelevant to all of them. Photo courtesy AFP.
by Martin Sieff
Washington (UPI) Mar 30, 2009
"Ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars." Jesus' famous words in the Olivet prophecy have been true for pretty much every generation of history for the past 2,000 years. So why should things be any different now?
New U.S. President Barack Obama and the Democratic foreign policy establishment in the United States know they can't outlaw war. Believe it or not, that was actually done in 1928 in the Kellogg-Briand peace pact. U.S. Secretary of State Frank Kellogg and French Foreign Minister Aristide Briand were awarded Nobel Peace Prizes for their "achievement." They were arguably the most farcical Nobels ever given to anyone. Within nine years, the Imperial Japanese army had slaughtered three-quarters of a million Chinese people in its drive up the Yangtze River valley to Nanjing. Within 11 years of that "achievement," World War II, the bloodiest single conflict in human history, had begun.
However, Obama and their team are confident they can reduce tensions around the world. They are particularly hopeful of being able to end the century-old Israel-Arab conflict and the 30 years of ferocious hostility of Iran toward the Great Satan, as its leaders, broadcasters and educators continually call the United States.
The leaders of the giant European Union of 27 nations encompassing half a billion people -- the third-largest organization of human beings on the Earth after China and India -- are also firm believers in the so-called soft power of economic influence and diplomatic persuasion rather than the hard power of military might. Safe under the protective nuclear-armed shield of the U.S.-led NATO alliance for the past 60 years, they believe that major wars are a thing of the past too. Why should they be wrong?
The first reason is that war has never been successfully abolished in the entirety of recorded organized human history; one hesitates to use the term "civilized" for anything to do with war.
The second reason is that we don't live in an age of peace or even of receding war now. Genocide continues in Darfur, and the organized political groupings of the African Union, the Arab League and China -- together representing around one-third of the population of Earth, all strongly support Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir of Sudan, who remains completely unrepentant about the continuing brutalities of their armed forces against black Christian and animist peoples of Darfur.
Farther south, things are even worse in Congo, formerly Zaire. It has been in a state of anarchic chaos for well over a decade and is the largest, most populous and most hellish collapsed-state region on Earth. At least 10 million people have died there.
In Afghanistan, the Islamic fundamentalist Taliban and its al-Qaida allies are on the upsurge all across the country. Last week Obama outlined a new strategy they hope to apply there. However, as yet it remains untested, with many military analysts expressing extreme skepticism about it having any relevance to the real cultural, economic and social conditions on the ground.
Continuing southward, Pakistan, already an Islamic nuclear power, teeters on the brink of disintegration. The civilian government has only the most tenuous control over the armed forces, and one-quarter of the area of the country, the huge North-West Frontier province, is already controlled by the Taliban and their allies.
The pattern of these already serious wars and conflicts around the world teaches us a great deal about the patterns of 21st century war. The high-tech, "lean, mean" militaries that President George W. Bush and their first defense secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, so enthusiastically pursued are irrelevant to all of them.
Part 2: Weapons and tactics of 21st century war
“Professor, how does the 2nd semester class go.”
Under the blue sky Apink Namjoo and professor Kim Hyuna (43, Sungkyunkwan Univ. Department of Acting) met in Seoul Seogyo-dong and talked about classes in 2nd semester. It was a normal talk between a student and professor. Professor Kim talked about being to Apink's concert recently and raised their thumbs up. They rerun how they cheered at the concert. Them talent and joyfulness had no difference when they were on the TV.
Professor Kim is a hot person gaining attention from the people working in broadcasting. After their lecture in MBC ‘My Little Television' from Namjoo's invitation, they were hot on the internet portal sites. ‘Fellows, I have a doctor's degree from abroad'. At this point, people who were just watching the television laughed out loud. The elegant professor's ‘windmill' put an end to laughter.
“Since it was an entertaining show I put my dignity aside, I don't normally act like that”, however professor Kim showed the energy they showed in ‘MLT' throughout the interview. Within that, they showed affection and evaluation for Namjoo.
(This part is the same throughout the 3 interviews)
− We had fun watching ‘MLT'.
(Prof. Kim) Honestly to say, I don't know why it was funny. Which part was funny. I just showed myself.
− In the relative search word there was ‘poison darts and windmill professor'.
(Prof. Kim) (laugh) I saw that. Many comments asked whether I was a windmill professor from the Netherlands. What a sense. Isn't the comment ‘Yoongdeu Ok Jung' funny too? (trans. note: ‘Yoongdeu Ok Jung' is the name of the mother of Haha and they look alike a bit)
− The dart and windmill voice production.. It really helps right?
(Prof. Kim) Of course. I actually teach it to my students. You can't see it but the body has an echo. In a strict position, the echo cannot come out well. The more you move, the bigger vital capacity you get which will make you have a better voice. You must use your body to practice. At first, students say ‘What kind of class is this' but you shouldn't complain before trying. I went to Russia to achieve my degree, I didn't study for nothing right? There's nothing to lose for doing what I teach.
− It wasn't an easy decision to come out in the TV.
(Prof. Kim) At first when I received the call, I thought it was a fraud. Something like ‘~tel'. But then I heard about Namjoo and ‘Baek Jongwon' (A cook in the program). After knowing that, I thought it could give strength to my student.
− Are you normally the same when you lecture?
(Prof. Kim) I really do the same. If the actor doesn't have energy then their life as an actor is finished. They need to send messages to the audiences but without energy they can't do it. Whether it's a comedy or tragedy, the important thing is delivering the message clearly.
(Namjoo) We always need to eat full before their class. Them voice is bigger than all the students together. In order to listen to their lecture, we need energy.
트랜스: 신원철님
A핑크 S타일
Advertisements
Co-Written by Michael Lazarus & Harro van Asselt
The World Energy Outlook 2016, released last week, is just one among an increasing line of studies showing how nations need to slow and, ultimately, phase out investment in new fossil fuel supply infrastructure – from oil fields and pipelines to coal mines – if they are serious about keeping warming to 2C or less.
At the same time, Norway is making licenses available for offshore drilling in the Arctic. New pipelines from the Canadian oil sands would enable the export greater amounts of highly polluting oil. The Australian government has approved large new coal mines to supply the Asian market. These types of investments only make economic sense in a future with 4–5C of warming.
While these and other governments have adopted nationally determined contributions (NDCs) under the Paris Agreement that promise to reduce their own territorial emissions, their plans are silent on slowing the production and export of fossil fuels. “Fossil fuels” still seem to be taboo words at the UN climate talks.
Yet as evidenced by the packed room and intense discussion at a side-event we co-hosted at the Marrakech climate change conference, there is growing recognition that the oversupply of fossil fuels is an urgent problem. And although the Marrakech talks skirted the topic, the Paris Agreement does offer opportunities to limit future fossil fuel production. Here are five ways to do so:
First, governments can use the agreement's overarching goal to keep warming “well below 2C” as the basis for a “climate test” to be applied to major new permit requests or proposed investments in fossil fuel infrastructure. Are these projects consistent with a 2C pathway, or will they make it harder to reach by making fossil fuels cheaper and creating new vested interests in continued production?
We have the tools and techniques for such a test, and some US government agencies have even begun using them – most notably in the review of the proposed Keystone XL pipeline and the programmatic Environmental Impact Statement process for the federal coal leasing program.
At the international level, a similar test could be applied as part of the “facilitative dialogue” to be held in 2018, and the five-yearly “global stocktakes” starting in 2023. Countries could be asked to report on existing and planned fossil fuel production, so the parties can assess whether, as a whole, this is in line with global climate goals.
Second, parties to the Paris Agreement can incorporate trajectories for fossil fuel production and investment as they prepare low-emission development strategies to 2050, as called for in the agreement. For example, studies suggest that to stay below 2C, the US would need to cut aggregate fossil fuel production by 40–60%from current levels by 2040.
Third, parties can integrate fossil fuel production phase-out targets, as well as policies and measures to constrain investment in fossil fuel supply, into their next round of NDCs. A good start would be to pledge to remove the tens of billions of dollars in direct taxpayer subsidies for fossil fuel exploration and extraction.
A forthcoming paper from the Stockholm Environment Institute and EarthTrackshows that in the US, in particular, production subsidies can spur otherwise uneconomic investment, lead to significant added emissions, and also transfer taxpayer resources to company profits.
Other potential measures to consider are moratoria on new coal mines, such as those that China and Indonesia have already enacted (on a temporary basis), or coal export taxes and royalty increases that others have suggested. Although countries' own domestic emissions may not be significantly affected by such measures, NDCs could indicate the global emissions benefits provided by reducing fossil fuel supply.
Fourth, to further encourage supply-side action, parties should support the adoption of new emissions accounting approaches that make it easier for countries to measure and claim credit for supply-side actions. One possible approach is extraction-based accounting, a very simple way to calculate and track the emissions associated with the fossil fuels produced in a given country. This would be a valuable complement (though not alternative) to the territorial accounting used to date.
A fifth, crucial step that governments can take is to actively support a “just transition” to a low-carbon economy for communities (and countries) that now depend on fossil fuel production. As Samantha Smith, director of the Just Transition Centre, stressed at another side-event we co-hosted, this requires close engagement with communities to build trust and plan together for a different future, backed by strong investment.
On an international level, it is important to recognize that countries with fossil fuel resources have not benefited equally from extraction activities to date, nor will they be affected equally by future production constraints. Some countries are counting on fossil fuel revenue to fund basic development. They may need additional international finance to support a low-carbon transition.
The “response measures” track of the climate negotiations has the mandate to address these concerns. While in the past it has been used by petro-states as a vehicle for obstructing the negotiations, it is increasingly starting to focus on the need for economic diversification and just and orderly transitions, particularly in developing countries.
The Marrakech talks may not have tackled the gap between global climate goals and fossil fuel production, but individual governments don't need to wait to show leadership.
Michael Lazarus is a senior scientist and US Center director at the Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI), based in Seattle. Harro van Asselt is a senior research fellow in the SEI Oxford Centre and a professor of climate law and policyat the University of Eastern Finland Law School. Lazarus and van Asselt are co-leaders of the SEI Initiative on Fossil Fuels and Climate Change.
Originally published by Carbon Brief
Category five tropical cyclone Winston is bearing down on Fiji.
Air New Zealand and the Flight Centre are advising customers to reconsider their travel plans as Tropical Cyclone Winston bears down on Tonga and Fiji.
The category four storm performed a u-turn over the South Pacific and is now heading towards Fiji.
The airline said flights to and from Nadi, Fiji could be affected by the storm, which had increased in strength.
"Air New Zealand is recommending customers with existing bookings for flights to Fiji this weekend reconsiders their plans."
READ MORE:
* Cyclone Winston causes damage in Tonga
* Tropical cyclone season starts to peak
* More cyclones likely as El Nino gathers strength
* El Nino spreads global weather mayhem
* El Nino weather conditions likely to NZ
Passengers who had been booked to fly to Fiji before Tuesday, February 23 would be able to adjust or cancel their travel plans at no extra cost.
Fiji Meteorological Service The forecast track for tropical cyclone Winson.
Air NZ had full details of available option in the travel alert section on its website.
Flight Centre New Zealand general manager Sue Matson said anyone booked to travel to Nadi on an Air New Zealand flight should contact their travel agent, or speak directly to the airline.
The cyclone, which hit Tonga last week, was detected eight days ago and tracked southeast before turning northeast and heading west towards Fiji.
Winds close to the eye of the cyclone were estimated at 185kmh and strengthening.
Fijian and Tongan authorities are warning people to prepare as the storm system's track has been unpredictable.
On Friday, Winston was north northwest of Vava'u, in Tonga, moving slowly towards Ronga and west towards southern Fiji over the weekend.
Tongan authorities issued alert warnings, which means the island group could be hit twice in one week by the same cyclone system.
The cyclone has picked up speed and the latest forecasts say Winston is expected to affect parts of the central Fijian island group, Kadavu and Suva.
The category four system is expected to cause flash flooding and damaging winds in some parts and could develop into a category five tropical system.
A forecast on Friday by the Fiji Meteorological Service included warnings of gale force winds, heavy swells, possible flooding and gusts of up to 250kmh.
'"Damaging or destructive winds may begin several hours before the cyclone centre passes overhead or nearby," the forecast said.
Fiji National Disaster Management permanent secretary Meleti Bainimarama said the public should monitor forecasts and heed precautionary warnings.
"Fijians must secure their homes, their properties, their businesses or their livestock.
"Fijians living in flood prone areas should also prepare for evacuation in case of flooding or damage to properties."
The MetService expects Winston to track in a southerly direction, with most predicted tracks east of New Zealand
"With tropical cyclones there is always some uncertainly associated with the tracks they will take, so we advise people in New Zealand and planning travel to the Pacific to keep up to date with the latest forecasts," the MetService said.
A 10-year-old New South Wales Central Coast boy who was bitten by a funnel-web spider required 12 vials of antivenom in order to survive.
The dose is the greatest required in Australian history, The Daily Telegraph reports.
Matthew Mitchell was bitten on their finger by a spider hidden in a shoe while helping their dad in a shed at their home in Berkley Valeon Monday night.
Matthew said they struggled to get the spider off as it bit down on their finger.
The spider that bit Matthew. (Australian Reptile Park) ()
“It sort of clawed onto me and all the legs and everything crawled around my finger and I couldn't get it off,” they told the newspaper.
Their dad David said they knew exactly what type of spider it was when they got a clear look at it after Matthew flicked it onto the ground.
Using a t-shirt to compress the bite, Mr Mitchell quickly rounded up their wife and Matthew's 17-year-old sister, Natasha, into a car, and rushed them to Gosford Hospital.
Matthew's symptoms intensified and they started sweating and frothing at the mouth as their eyes dilated.
They then started having seizures.
Doctors gave them 12 vials of anti-venom before they stabilised.
Mr Mitchell had also collected the spider that bit Matthew, and it was taken to the Australian Reptile Park.
Park general manager Tim Faulkner said Matthew was lucky to be alive.
They told the newspaper that the boy would be awarded a “Spider-Man Bravery Award” at the park once they are well enough to visit.
Mr Faulkner said male funnel-webs – which are five times more venomous than their female counterparts – are out in full force in February and March as it is the species' breeding season.
Matthew's spider is now part of the park's milking program.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
An expectant mother has lost their case against a Health Service Executive decision refusing to facilitate a home birth.
Aja Teehan, a university lecturer from Co Kilkenny, had a child by caesarean section six years ago.
They wanted to be assisted by a self-employed midwife at their home in Thomastown when they give birth to their second child, which is due in October. The HSE has refused to facilitate their application for a home birth.
Ms Teehan alleged that the HSE was operating what they called a "blanket policy" of refusing to cover home births for women who had previously had C-sections.
They claimed the Executive had unreasonably and unlawfully refused to consider their individual circumstances, and had breached their rights under the Constitution and European Convention on Human Rights.
The court heard they had told the HSE that they were physically fit and had no medical condition, or complications, with their pregnancy to justify the refusal.
They also submitted a medical report indicating they were at the lowest end of the scale in terms of risk estimates for expectant mothers planning a natural birth following a caesarean section.
Lawyers for the HSE told the court the Executive's policy was based on medical evidence and best practice.
The court was told there were risks associated with a natural birth after a C-section, including uterine rupture - a condition which had potentially catastrophic effects.
While Ms Teehan had a right to disagree with the HSE, they could not compel it to support a practice it did not believe was safe.
In their judgment, Ms Justice O'Malley said they considered the HSE's case to be "reasonable" and that expert witnesses on the applicant's side had conceded that a hospital delivery would be safer than a home birth.
The judge said that if something went wrong in childbirth, the consequences could be "immensely tragic in human terms, but also extremely expensive in financial terms".
They added that there had been no suggestion that Ms Teehan would waive liability in respect of any injuries that might occur during a home birth.
Ms Justice O'Malley found that the HSE was entitled to provide maternity services in such a way as to minimise the risk of uterine rupture occurring, even if the risk of that happening was small.
The issue of costs will be decided on 6 September.
Ms Teehan later said they would take their case further in the courts.
"We have to consider all avenues, people talk about the stress and effort but I'd quite happily lay down my life for my child. Why wouldn't I take on this for it."
Ms Teehan thought their case was strong enough to win but said they were not surprised with the outcome.
Speaking on RTÉ's News At One, they said: "I can't say I'm surprised, I wouldn't have been surprised by a loss either. I thought the case was so strong that there may have been a chance that there could have been a chink in the conservative defence of medical profession, unfortunately that's not the case."
Ms Teehan said they were disappointed with the Irish legal system.
"I'm very disappointed that the judge and the legal system have failed yet again to defend women's rights and parental rights."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made an interesting observation in a recent interview which went largely unnoticed. They said “…my trip to the United States of America, my speech in their Congress and the respect shown towards India created a lot of hype. Had it not been hyped so much, there would not have been so much criticism on the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) issue. Government is being criticized not for any mishandling of the NSG issue but because we were so successful over there (in the USA)." Modi was putting their finger on something very interesting. The obsession of Indian elites with the US remains a focal point in their analyses of the success or failure of Indian diplomacy.
India's unsuccessful bid to secure a seat at the NSG last month has led to a volley of attacks on the Modi government. The political ones can be readily dismissed. But there are some from sections of the foreign policy establishment and intelligentsia which are intriguing. Apart from blaming the government for what they view as lack of adequate groundwork, fingers are being pointed at the usual suspect: the US. While some have blamed the US for not supporting India adequately this time, others have gone to the extent of portraying India's NSG bid as a master conspiracy by Washington to pit India against China.
China can continue to scuttle India's rise at all levels. Yet, sections of the Indian establishment always demonstrate a unique sympathy for Beijing and the need to keep its concerns in mind. But the US can never win. When it offered India the civil nuclear deal, it was viewed by sections of both the Indian left and right as an attempt to contain India's nuclear programme. When those dire warnings came to nothing, claims were made that the US will never share strategic technologies with India. Today, India and the US are collaborating on a range of high-end technologies from aircraft carriers to submarines. So now, the argument is about how those vile Americans are trying their best to constrain India's much vaunted “strategic autonomy"—as if China's unprecedented rise hasn't already made India's autonomy redundant.
America has its own interests in furthering its ties with India, but to deny Indian foreign policy all agency is to do great disservice to India's growing heft in global politics. Paradoxical though it may sound to many in India, New Delhi primarily wants to enhance its strategic autonomy by deepening its security ties with the US. The biggest challenge to Indian strategic interests today comes from China and India doesn't have much leverage vis-a-vis it. A strong relationship with the US is the most potent way to ward off the China challenge in the short to medium term. In the long term, this will allow India to develop its comprehensive national power.
India finds itself at a critical juncture today. China's rise and assertiveness as a regional and global power and the simultaneous rise of middle powers in the region means that this balancing act is at once increasing in complexity and importance. China's growth presents great opportunities for positive engagement, but territorial disputes and a forward policy in the region raise concerns for New Delhi, particularly in the Indian Ocean and with Pakistan. The larger Indo-Pacific itself is riddled with rivalries; a desire to balance China may push states together while other issues divide them. This is true on the global level as well, as noted by a degree of unpredictability in Sino-US relations.
Distrust of the US tends to lead Indian strategists to recommend handling the changing global system by pursuing friendship with, but keeping a safe distance from, major powers. In reality, India stands to benefit from being more assertive. Already, cooperation with regional players is aiding India's economy and defence capabilities, and as a pillar of the US pivot to Asia, India is finding support for an increased role as a regional powerbroker. These growing partnerships do not need to bar engagement with China; rather, assertiveness in regional and global relations may actually carve more room for India to pursue the strategic autonomy it values.
India's rising global profile is reshaping New Delhi's approach to its major partnerships in the changing global order. New Delhi is showing signs of pursuing strategic autonomy separately from non-alignment under Narendra Modi. This separation is overdue in India's foreign policy, and the country stands to benefit from leveraging partnerships rather than shunning them. Under the Modi government, India is charting new territory in its foreign policy, predicated on the belief that rather than proclaiming non-alignment as an end in itself, India needs deeper engagement with its friends and partners if it is to develop leverage in its dealings with its adversaries and competitors. India is today well positioned to define its bilateral relationships on its own terms and would do well to continue engaging more closely with those countries that can facilitate its rise to regional and global prominence.
Prime Minister Modi is right: burgeoning Indo-US ties under their watch are an important reason why they are facing such a backlash on the NSG bid. But this vehemence is also a reflection of the new reality: reflexive anti-Americanism is rapidly losing ground and its proponents no longer have credible arguments. A rising India is increasingly capable of making foreign policy decisions on merits. It doesn't need ideological crutches.
Harsh V. Pant is professor of international relations at King's College, London.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
Here's a nice defense for us “crazy cat people.”
A 10-year study at the University of Minnesota Stroke Center found that cat owners were 40 percent less likely to have heart attacks than non-cat owners. And that's not all. A cat at home reduced the risk of other heart diseases and stroke by 30 percent.
The researchers speculated that purring may be responsible.
“Cats will purr when they're content, but also they'll purr when they're about to be euthanized. It's thought they purr to communicate with their kittens,” said study author and animal behaviour consultant Steve Dale. “It's thought to be a calming mechanism.” “If that's the case…maybe they calm themselves or other cats, but maybe there's a fallout and there's another mammal species, us, that's impacted.”
Since I have three cats, does that mean I'm golden? They purr pretty loud too. These are questions for the next study, I suppose. 🙂
With the sole exception of the Samajwadi Party which struck a discordant note, the UPA government today secured the approval of all other parties for bringing a "legally sustainable" constitutional amendment to provide reservation in job promotions to SCs and STs.
Setting the tone for the all-party meeting here this evening, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asserted in their opening remarks that they were seeking the counsel of all the parties to discuss a way out of the Supreme Court's order on April 27 striking down the Uttar Pradesh government's decision to provide quota for SCs, STs and OBCs in government job promotions.
However, they refused to commit on whether the government intended to bring a constitutional amendment during the Monsoon Session itself. Singh asked the parties to provide "valuable suggestions so that a legally sustainable solution may be arrived at".
Parties cut across political lines to support the need to ensure that interests of the weaker sections are protected in public employment. Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj said the BJP had always supported upliftment of weaker sections but cautioned the PM to ensure that the constitutional and legal aspects were adequately covered.
The Left parties too backed the government on bringing a constitutional amendment, with the same rider that it should be legally and constitutionally sustainable.
But the SP opposed the move, maintaining that the interests of OBCs would be hurt with a constitutional amendment that would protect the interests of SCs and STs. Party leader Ramgopal Yadav cited the example of five chief engineers in UP belonging to the SC community who superceded their batchmates because of double promotions.
BSP chief Mayawati sought a constitutional amendment that would not place any conditions on SCs and STs.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
There are many causes of seizures. The factors that lead to a seizure are often complex and it may not be possible to determine what causes a particular seizure, what causes it to happen at a particular time, or how often seizures occur.[1]
Diet [ edit ]
Malnutrition and overnutrition may increase the risk of seizures.[2] Examples include the following:
Folic acid in large amounts was considered to potentially counteract the antiseizure effects of antiepileptic drugs and increase the seizure frequency in some children, although that concern is no longer held by epileptologists.[11]
Medical conditions [ edit ]
Brain tumors are among many medical conditions in which seizures can be a symptom
Those with various medical conditions may suffer seizures as one of their symptoms. These include:[citation needed]
Other conditions have been associated with lower seizure thresholds and/or increased likelihood of seizure comorbidity (but not necessarily with seizure induction). Examples include depression, psychosis, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and autism, among many others.
Drugs [ edit ]
Adverse effect [ edit ]
Seizures may occur as an adverse effect of certain drugs. These include:[medical citation needed]
Use of certain recreational drugs may lead to seizures in some, especially when used in high doses or for extended periods. These include amphetamines (such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, MDMA ("ecstasy"), and mephedrone), cocaine, methylphenidate, psilocybin, psilocin, and GHB.
If treated with the wrong kind antiepileptic drugs (AED), seizures may increase, as most AEDs are developed to treat a particular type of seizure.
Convulsant drugs (the functional opposites of anticonvulsants) will always induce seizures at sufficient doses. Examples of such agents — some of which are used or have been used clinically and others of which are naturally occurring toxins — include strychnine, bemegride, flumazenil, cyclothiazide, flurothyl, pentylenetetrazol, bicuculline, cicutoxin, and picrotoxin.
Alcohol [ edit ]
There are varying opinions on the likelihood of alcoholic beverages triggering a seizure. Consuming alcohol may temporarily reduce the likelihood of a seizure immediately following consumption. But, after the blood alcohol content has dropped, chances may increase. This may occur, even in non-epileptics.[13]
Heavy drinking in particular has been shown to possibly have some effect on seizures in epileptics. But studies have not found light drinking to increase the likelihood of having a seizure at all.[citation needed] EEGs taken of patients immediately following light alcohol consumption have not revealed any increase in seizure activity.[14]
Consuming alcohol with food is less likely to trigger a seizure than consuming it without.[15]
Consuming alcohol while using many anticonvulsants may reduce the likelihood of the medication working properly. In some cases, it may trigger a seizure. Depending on the medication, the effects vary.[16]
Drug withdrawal [ edit ]
Some medicinal and recreational drugs can dose-dependently precipitate seizures in withdrawal, especially when withdrawing from high doses and/or chronic use. Examples include drugs that affect GABAergic and/or glutamatergic systems, such as alcohol (see alcohol withdrawal),[17] benzodiazepines, barbiturates, and anesthetics, among others.
Sudden withdrawal from anticonvulsants may lead to seizures. It is for this reason that if a patient's medication is changed, the patient will be weaned from the medication being discontinued following the start of a new medication.
Missed anticonvulsants [ edit ]
A missed dose or incorrectly timed dose of an anticonvulsant may be responsible for a breakthrough seizure, even if the person often missed doses in the past, and has not had a seizure as a result.[18] Missed doses are one of the most common reasons for a breakthrough seizure. A single missed dose is capable of triggering a seizure in some patients.[19]
Incorrect dosage amount: A patient may be receiving a sub-therapeutic level of the anticonvulsant. [20]
Switching medicines: This may include withdrawal of anticonvulsant medication without replacement, replaced with a less effective medication, or changed too rapidly to another anticonvulsant. In some cases, switching from brand to a generic version of the same medicine may induce a breakthrough seizure.[21][22]
Fever [ edit ]
In children between the ages of 6 months and 5 years, a fever of 38 °C (100.4 °F) or higher may lead to a febrile seizure.[23] About 2-5% of all children will experience such a seizure during their childhood.[24] In most cases, a febrile seizure will not indicate epilepsy.[24] Approximately 40% of children who experience a febrile seizure will have another one.[24]
In those with epilepsy, fever can trigger a seizure. Additionally, in some, gastroenteritis, which causes vomiting and diarrhea, can lead to diminished absorption of anticonvulsants, thereby reducing protection against seizures.[25]
Vision [ edit ]
Flashing light, such as that from a disco ball , can cause seizures in some people
In some epileptics, flickering or flashing lights, such as strobe lights, can be responsible for the onset of a tonic clonic, absence, or myoclonic seizure.[26] This condition is known as photosensitive epilepsy and, in some cases, the seizures can be triggered by activities that are harmless to others, such as watching television or playing video games, or by driving or riding during daylight along a road with spaced trees, thereby simulating the "flashing light" effect. Some people can suffer a seizure as a result of blinking one's own eyes.[27] Contrary to popular belief, this form of epilepsy is relatively uncommon, accounting for just 3% of all cases.[28]
A routine part of the EEG test involves exposing the patient to flickering lights to attempt to induce a seizure, to determine if such lights may be triggering a seizure in the patient, and to be able to read the wavelengths when such a seizure occurs.[27]
In rare cases seizures may be triggered by not focusing.[29]
Head injury [ edit ]
A severe head injury, such as one suffered in a motor vehicle accident, fall, assault, or sports injury, can result in one or more seizures that can occur immediately after the fact or up to a significant amount of time later.[30] This could be hours, days, or even years following the injury.
A brain injury can cause seizure(s) because of the unusual amount of energy that is discharged across of the brain when the injury occurs and thereafter. When there is damage to the temporal lobe of the brain, there is a disruption of the supply of oxygen.[31]
The risk of seizure(s) from a closed head injury is about 15%.[32] In some cases, a patient who has suffered a head injury is given anticonvulsants, even if no seizures have occurred, as a precaution to prevent them in the future.[33]
Hypoglycemia [ edit ]
Hypoglycemia, or low blood sugar, can result in seizures. The cause is an inadequate supply of glucose to the brain, resulting in neuroglycopenia. When brain glucose levels are sufficiently low, seizures may result.
Hypoglycemic seizures are usually a complication of treatment of diabetes mellitus with insulin or oral medications. Less commonly, it can be the result of excessive insulin produced by the body (hyperinsulinemia) or other causes.
Menstrual cycle [ edit ]
In catamenial epilepsy, seizures become more common during a specific period of the menstrual cycle.
Sleep deprivation [ edit ]
Sleep deprivation is the second most common trigger of seizures.[13] In some cases, it has been responsible for the only seizure a person ever suffers.[34] However, the reason for which sleep deprivation can trigger a seizure is unknown. One possible thought is that the amount of sleep one gets affects the amount of electrical activity in one's brain.[35]
Patients who are scheduled for an EEG test are asked to deprive themselves of some sleep the night before to be able to determine if sleep deprivation may be responsible for seizures.[36]
In some cases, patients with epilepsy are advised to sleep 6-7 consecutive hours as opposed to broken-up sleep (e.g., 6 hours at night and a 2-hour nap) and to avoid caffeine and sleeping pills in order to prevent seizures.[37]
Parasites and stings [ edit ]
In some cases, certain parasites can cause seizures. The Schistosoma sp. flukes cause Schistosomiasis. Pork tapeworm and beef tapeworm cause seizures when the parasite creates cysts at the brain. Echinococcosis, malaria, toxoplasmosis, African trypanosomiasis, and many other parasitic diseases can cause seizures.
Seizures have been associated with insect stings. Reports suggest that patients stung by red imported fire ants (Solenopsis invicta) and Polistes wasps suffered seizures because of the venom.[38][39]
Stress [ edit ]
Stress can induce seizures in people with epilepsy, and is a risk factor for developing epilepsy. Severity, duration, and time at which stress occurs during development all contribute to frequency and susceptibility to developing epilepsy. It is one of the most frequently self-reported triggers in patients with epilepsy.[40][41]
Stress exposure results in hormone release that mediates its effects in the brain. These hormones act on both excitatory and inhibitory neural synapses, resulting in hyper-excitability of neurons in the brain. The hippocampus is known to be a region that is highly sensitive to stress and prone to seizures. This is where mediators of stress interact with their target receptors to produce effects.[42]
'Epileptic fits' as a result of stress are common in literature and frequently appear in Elizabethan texts, where they are referred to as the 'falling sickness'.[43]
Breakthrough seizure [ edit ]
A breakthrough seizure is an epileptic seizure that occurs despite the use of anticonvulsants that have otherwise successfully prevented seizures in the patient.[44]:456 Breakthrough seizures may be more dangerous than non-breakthrough seizures because they are unexpected by the patient, who may have considered themselves free from seizures and, therefore, not take any precautions.[45] Breakthrough seizures are more likely with a number of triggers.[46]:57 Often when a breakthrough seizure occurs in a person whose seizures have always been well controlled, there is a new underlying cause to the seizure.[47]
Breakthrough seizures vary. Studies have shown the rates of breakthrough seizures ranging from 11–37%.[48] Treatment involves measuring the level of the anticonvulsant in the patient's system and may include increasing the dosage of the existing medication, adding another medication to the existing one, or altogether switching medications.[49] A person with a breakthrough seizure may require hospitalization for observation.[44]:498
Other [ edit ]
Acute illness: Some illnesses caused by viruses or bacteria may lead to a seizure, especially when vomiting or diarrhea occur, as this may reduce the absorption of the anticonvulsant. [46] : 67
Malnutrition: May be the result of poor dietary habits, lack of access to proper nourishment, or fasting. [46] : 68 In seizures that are controlled by diet in children, a child may break from the diet on their own. [50]
In seizures that are controlled by diet in children, a child may break from the diet on their own. Music (as in musicogenic epilepsy) [51][52][53]
Police think the Pagani may have been travelling in convoy with other sports cars. Pic: Sussex Police
Police are appealing for witnesses after a one-off Italian supercar worth £1.5m was involved in a dramatic crash.
The blue Pagani Zonda, which has a top speed of 218mph, was significantly damaged after it collided with a barrier on the A27 at Tangmere, West Sussex.
The driver was not injured, police said.
PC Peter De Silvo said police think the Pagani was travelling in convoy with some other super sports cars from Worthing to Chichester but no other cars were at the scene when officers arrived.
"We are appealing to anyone who saw this car driving on the A27," they said.
"We are hoping someone would remember as it is so distinctive."
The collision was at 7.42am on Saturday.
Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting log 300 of 21/10.
A product's packaging has a lot of power over buyers, and designer Peddy Mergui wants both consumers and those in their field to start recognizing that.
In an exhibition titled Wheat is Wheat, Mergui wraps over a dozen basic food products — from eggs to coffee to salami — in high-end designers' patterns and big brands' famous packagings in order to elicit reactions based on brand recognition. Meet Apple's iMilk, Prada's flour, and Burberry's ramen. "High-end brands are not selling the products, they are selling the lifestyle," Mergui tells The Verge by phone. But now, those brands are beginning to branch out, "extending products to a lot of fields that did not use to be there."
For Mergui, the logical and absurd conclusion of that seemed to be these companies eventually branding ordinary staples because they know that they can make money off of it — even with something as basic as pickles, which were originally made out of necessity for preservation. Ridiculous as their fictional products may be, Mergui says that people who have seen their exhibit have had a strong response. "People really liked it," they said. "I felt a bit confused. You're just buying flour, or milk, or whatever — this is a basic thing."
Mergui said they once showed Chanel-branded instant baby formula to a major business executive, who immediately perked up at the idea and wanted to get some for their child. "[Design is] so under the radar that people think it's nice and that it's giving them self esteem," Mergui says. "Actually, be aware that you're being manipulated by the visual aspects of packaging."
As part of the field, Mergui says that designers have a responsibility here — that there are certain ethical boundaries that designers should recognize and set for themselves. "After seventeen years in this field, I really know how to change the perception of products," Mergui says. "For instance, I can take something and make it interesting, to make people feel related to it … but while you're doing that you have to be aware of why you're doing: what is the other side, what about the customer?"
Wheat is Wheat is currently showing in San Francisco at the Museum of Craft and Design and will be there through June 15th. Above: Salami by Louis Vuitton. All images reprinted with permission of the artist.
TEL AVIV – Amid international calls for a cease-fire, the Iranian-backed Hezbollah organization is already implementing plans to rearm Hamas in the Gaza Strip with more missiles following any truce, according to informed Middle Eastern defense officials.
Israel, meanwhile, continues its aerial offensive aimed at minimizing Hamas' rocketing capabilities as the Arab League and the European Union join other international calls for a truce. Among them are Secretary of State John Kerry, who has offered to broker a cease-fire.
Diplomatic sources in Jerusalem say Israel is willing to discuss a 48-hour respite in the military campaign targeting Hamas' terrorist infrastructure while a longer-term truce is negotiated.
The sources said it is Hamas that has rejected the truce, believing it can still achieve a mass-casualty event inside Israel so that it can emerge from the week-long confrontation declaring a “victory.”
To that effect, Hamas attempted Monday to escalate its attacks with bombardments of southern Israeli communities and foiled attempts to send drones into Israel.
One drone was shot down with a U.S.-supplied Patriot missile as it flew over the southern city of Ashdod. Video footage of the explosion indicates the unmanned aircraft was carrying a large payload of explosives that could have been used to carry out a devastating attack.
Hamas claims it successfully flew two more drones over Israeli territory Monday, one armed with missiles. It claims one unarmed drone flew over the Tel Aviv headquarters of the Israel Defense Forces.
IDF said it was not aware of any drone activity over Tel Aviv.
Hamas says all drones deployed Monday were models of the Ababil-1, an Iranian-made drone.
Egyptian military sources told WND the Hamas claim of flying a drone over Tel Aviv is being taken seriously.
Hamas, the Egyptian sources said, laid out its conditions for a long-term truce, including the reopening of Egypt-Gaza crossings and the release of more than 60 Hamas officials arrested by Israel in the West Bank in response to the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teens.
The report of Iran's Hezbollah proxy attempting to rearm Hamas comes after WND reported Saturday Hezbollah reopened an operational room with Hamas to coordinate regional militant developments, according to informed Mideast defense officials.
The operational room, commissioned at the direction of Iran, is in Lebanon. It is coordinating with Hamas command and control in the Gaza Strip, the defense officials said.
In another alarming development, the defense officials said the Iranian-backed Islamic Jihad terrorist organization is not answering to Hamas and is shooting rockets into Israel at times without the approval of Hamas leaders. The move could complicate any cease-fire achieved between Israel and Hamas, and it gives Iran more discretion over the Gazan Palestinian arena.
The reopening of an operational room between Hezbollah and Hamas signifies the rapprochement of cooperation between Iran and Hamas in the current crisis in Gaza. In the last two years, Iran has tempered its relationship with Hamas because it failed to aid in any significant way the regime of Iran's ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, which has been facing a Sunni-led militant insurgency.
On the ground, the strengthening of Hamas-Iran ties could have two major implications for Israel.
First, Israel could face coordinated rocket attacks from both Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon. On Friday, one Katyusha rocket was fired into northern Israel, prompting fears of the opening of a second front against Israel. On Monday, two more rockets were reportedly launched from Lebanon.
Second, Hamas may be more hardened in its truce talks with Israel.
WND reported Thursday that Iran opposes a truce at this time and has even been attempting to use jihadist surrogates in the Gaza Strip to cause a mass casualty event in Israel that would provoke an Israeli ground operation, according to informed Middle Eastern security officials.
JACKSON, MI – If you know an otherwise mature adult currently moping around in a state of football-induced depression, that person may be suffering from Lioncholia.
Lioncholia is a mental disorder that strikes fans of the Detroit Lions when they realize another season of devotion was wasted. This winter an epidemic is raging through Michigan, thanks to a season-ending collapse that ruined the team's allegedly strong start.
The best medicine is a good pep talk from The Fan Coach.
“Listen up, you weaklings! No one said being a fan was easy. Easy is for sissies. Are you sissies?”
Dead silence.
“I said: Are you sissies?”
A few people mumble “no.”
“You over there, the guy wearing the Barry Sanders jersey. Are those tears running down the blue paint on your face?”
“Yes, Fan Coach. I'm crying because I really believed the Lions would go to the playoffs this year.”
“Playoffs? Drop and give me 20! Stop drinking the happy juice and look at the statistics, you delusional morons.”
Statistics will forever show the 2013 Lions beat a grand total of one team that finished the season with a winning record, and that team had eight victories, seven defeats, and a tie. The Lions never beat a good team all year, and they lost repeatedly to mediocre and poor ones.
“Is that what you dimwits call playoff caliber football? Answer me!”
“No, coach!”
“You over there, Flory, the guy with the Lions tattoo on your shoulder.”
“Me, coach?”
“Yes, you, turf for brains. Why are you pouting?”
“Because the Lions fired their head coach again. That probably means three or four years of building a new system. I might be dead before they stop rebuilding.”
“Three or four years? Hell, Flory, you're a Lions fan! Act like it. You've been waiting 56 years for a glimmer of competence. Three or four more is a breeze.”
The coach pauses and looks each fan in the eye.
"Do you remember when Monte Clark prayed on the sidelines? Or when Marty Mornhinweg took the wind? Do you remember pounding the rock and the big buck? How about Eric Hipple and Scott Mitchell and Andre Ware? How about Matt Frickin' Millen!"
“Yes, coach!”
“You can take a 7-9 season. That's nothing! You are trained to take far worse and come back for more. That's what you do!”
“Yes, coach!”
“Who are you?”
“LIONS FANS!”
“What do you expect?”
“COMPLETE FUTILITY!”
“That's right! Now get ready for next season. Training camp will start before you know it.”
Yeah. Wait until next year. Everything might be different next year.
-- Contact Brad Flory at brad@lifeinplaid.com
The real estate sector continues to be in slowdown mode, given the subdued optimism of stakeholders, according to a survey.
The Real Estate Sentiment Index survey was conducted by Knight Frank, an international property consultant, along with the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) and the National Real Estate Development Council.
According to Samantak Das, chief economist and national director (research), Knight Frank India, business sentiments in the recent history of real estate have hit market sentiment. “Builders are taking more time to adapt to new reforms such as the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act and the Goods and Service Tax (GST). This has caused a decrease in launches and sales,” said Das. “Since there are no sales happening, the banks and non-bank financial companies still do not have the confidence (to invest) in the market,” they added.
On the other, homebuyers are postponing their plan to buy a house as they are not sure of date of possession.
The objective of the survey was to capture perceptions and expectations of industry leaders and gauge the mood of the industry. In the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, 2.67 lakh houses remain unsold, of which 1 lakh are in Mumbai.And the downhill slide is likely to get worse in next six months, said the majority of the stakeholders felt.
Commenting on the survey, builders pointed out that they are taking time to adopt a new regime. “We are adopting ourselves to the new rules and acts. As RERA (Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act mandates disclosures, we are being cautious,” said Bhavesh Sanghrajka, chairperson and manging director of Shraddha Lifescapes.
First Published: Nov 12, 2017 23:44 IST
The Pirate Bay has rolled out a new feature which allows users to bookmark torrents and download them remotely, simply by adding their personal RSS feed URL to their BitTorrent client. Why wait, when you can start your torrent downloads on the go?
Downloading torrents remotely can come in quite handy when you're at work, in a record store or at a friends place. With a new feature at the Pirate Bay, you can do this with relative ease.
Instead of downloading the torrent directly, users now have the option to add the torrent to their personal RSS feed. When added to your feed, the torrent will download automatically when your BitTorrent client is running at home. That is, if your favorite BitTorrent client has RSS support. Luckily, almost all popular clients do by now.
“We hope that it's a small nice addition for people to remember to download stuff that you find on your cellphone, at your friends place or whatever, without the need to update your torrent client,” says the mysterious KingKong over at The Pirate Bay.
The new RSS feature is still in beta, and users first have to add torrents to their personal RSS feed before it's created. At the time of writing the feeds are not updating correctly due to a caching issue, but we were told that this will be resolved soon. Pirate Bay users can find the link to their personal RSS feed in their account preference settings.
Please note that the Firefox browser may report the url as a possible threat, as we reported last week. We can assure you that it's perfectly safe to use though. Mininova users who want to download torrents remotely can use Mininova's bookmark feature, covered in our earlier article and isoHunt has a similar feature.
More great RSS tips and tricks can be found here. For the true torrent freaks out there, RSS really makes a difference.
Kathleen Hartnett White, President Trump's nominee to head the White House Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ), has recently made money from both leases on oil drilling and speaking fees at conferences sponsored by the fossil fuel industry. These new details come from Hartnett White's financial disclosure, obtained by DeSmog.
If their nomination is confirmed, Hartnett White will be charged with interagency coordination of science, energy, and environmental policy and with overseeing crucial environmental review processes for new energy and infrastructure projects. The CEQ, a division of the Executive Office of the President, was established in 1969 as part of the landmark National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA).
A longtime vocal climate change science denier, Hartnett White directs the Center for Energy and the Environment at the conservative think tank Texas Public Policy Foundation. The foundation's funders include several major oil and gas companies and climate-denying organizations such as ExxonMobil, the Heartland Institute, and Koch Industries.
Them writings online and elsewhere indicate they categorically deny the science of climate change, calling climatologists “warmists” and lambasting the “green media crusade.” Last week, DeSmog extensively detailed their history of climate denial and pro-industry regulatory positions as former head of the Texas Council on Environmental Quality (TCEQ).
Oil Drilling and Industry Speeches
However, Hartnett White's income in the past two years has not come only from the right-wing think tank Texas Public Policy Foundation.
According to their financial disclosure, they received fees for speaking at the 2015 International Association of Drilling Contractor's conference, the Energy Conference Network's Internet of Things in the Oil & Gas Industry conference in 2016, and earlier this year at the 4C Health, Safety & Environmental conference, which brings together compliance professionals from oil and gas, petrochemicals, and other industries.
Hartnett White also enjoyed income from an interest in four oil leases — two in Texas and two in Kansas. These rigs were operated by Central Crude, Linn Operating, CHS Operating, and CVR Refining. Hartnett White indicated in their disclosure that they recently gifted these interests to their nephew.
Additionally, they reported royalties from their co-authored book Fueling Freedom: Exposing the Mad War on Energy, a text that copiously celebrates fossil fuels as the “lifeblood of the modern world.”
Other sources of reported income include a dog breeding business, co-owned with their husband, Beau Brite White.
Derek Seidman, a research analyst at the Public Accountability Initiative, a nonpartisan watchdog research group focused on corporate and government accountability, says that Hartnett-White's recent earnings from fossil fuel interests is cause for concern.
“It's unsettling to learn about the close ties that White has to the very interests and entities that she's been tasked to oversee at the CEQ,” says Seidman, who has reviewed the financial disclosure. “Her cozy relationship with the oil and gas drilling industry is particularly troubling. These types of conflicts undermine public trust in regulatory institutions and open the door to all kinds of potential problems and abuses.”
Kathleen Hartnett-White did not respond to a request for comment. A spokesperson for the Texas Public Policy Foundation said that they are not available for interviews.
Main image: Kathleen Hartnett White and Donald Trump. Credit: Derivative of “Donald Trump” by Gage Skidmore, used under CC BY-SA 2.0. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 by DeSmog
On Saturday, the U.S. government ceded control of some of the internet's core systems - namely, the directories that help web browsers and apps know where to find the latest weather, maps and Facebook musings.
Will you even notice? Probably not, although the subject has become a hot political issue for some conservatives.
Here's a look at the systems in question and what's at stake for internet users.
WAIT, THE U.S. GOVERNMENT CONTROLS THE INTERNET?
No single government, business, organization or individual controls all the computers and pipelines making up the internet.
But the network relies on an addressing system called the domain name system, or DNS, which includes directories that help route data like email and web requests where it needs to go. And someone needs to run the DNS.
Control over the DNS mostly amounts to deciding what gets included in those directories.
For instance, can a Google critic register google-sucks.org, or does Google get first dibs? What about creating a domain name suffix just for porn sites?
It has nothing to do, though, with what websites publish. All it does is make sure your browser can find those sites.
SO DOES THE U.S. RUN THAT SYSTEM?
Since 1998, an organization called the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers has overseen the directories, mostly by setting rules and creating mechanisms for settling disputes.
But ICANN also has a boss at the U.S. Commerce Department.
It's a historical arrangement stemming from U.S. funding for the internet's early development.
The domain name system we're familiar with dates back to 1984, long before Pokémon Go or even Amazon.com came along.
WHY DO PEOPLE CARE ABOUT THE TRANSFER?
The U.S. has been in charge of the DNS system for more than three decades.
Plans to privatize control of these functions by transferring them to a nonprofit oversight organization have been in the works since the late 1990s.
As this Saturday's transfer date approached, some Republicans in Congress raised late objections, terming it a 'giveaway' to the rest of the world.
But they failed to block the move in a spending bill to keep the government operating.
Late Wednesday, the attorneys general from Texas, Arizona, Oklahoma and Nevada — all Republicans — filed a federal lawsuit to block the transfer because of worries it might affect government websites ending in '.gov'.
WHY THE U.S. IS BACKING AWAY
ICANN has taken its share of complaints over the years, often for being slow to adapt as the internet grew.
(One common charge: It took too long to permit domain names in languages other than English.)
And many countries believe that as long as the U.S. retains oversight — even if it leaves day-to-day management to ICANN — the internet cannot be truly international.
Some governments have sought to transfer control to a U.N agency, the International Telecommunication Union.
But critics objected to letting authoritarian regimes like Iran and China get equal votes on matters affecting speech.
Instead, the U.S. government insisted that businesses, academics and other parties also get seats at the table. ICANN already had such a multi-party approach.
The U.S. agreed in June to relinquish control to ICANN after the organization created additional mechanisms to resolve disputes.
WILL ANYTHING CHANGE FOR USERS?
Not much. The directories themselves aren't changing, and people don't interact directly with domain names as often in the era of Google searches, phone apps and Facebook links.
In fact, few people would even know about the transition were it not for the noise from Capitol Hill.
REPUBLICANS RAISE ALARM
Republican critics claim that the transition would give countries like Russian and China the ability to control online speech — something supporters of the transition plan deny given the multi-party approach.
Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas is among those who tried to block the transition as part of a short-term spending bill to keep the government running past Friday.
Donald Trump also came out in support of Cruz, their one-time rival for the GOP presidential nomination.
Ironically, those wanting the U.S. to maintain its oversight role includes a group called Americans for Limited Government.
Their efforts failed, though, as budget negotiators left out the transition ban.
A LAST-DITCH LAWSUIT
Four state attorneys general asked a federal court in Galveston, Texas, to block the move.
Commerce and ICANN have delegated control of the '.gov' suffix to the U.S. General Services Administration.
GSA handles day-to-day management of which government websites can use the suffix.
Though the lawsuit claims that GSA decisions are submitted to ICANN for approval, that isn't the case.
ICANN does have trademark and other policies governing sites using particular suffixes, but they cover suffixes available to anyone.
The '.gov' suffix is restricted to government agencies in the U.S.
The lawsuit also claims that ICANN could delete '.gov' entirely from the directories or delegate management of '.gov' websites to someone else.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY - Oklahoma City, Okla. - 124 dogs are now in the care of adoption agencies after Animal Welfare Officers rescued them from an Oklahoma City home.
The dogs came from a popular breeder known as OKC Poms. While Animal Welfare says the dogs look to be healthy, the condtions they were living in were not.
"Cock roaches in the food, there were feces everywhere. The cages hadn't been cleaned properly for quite some time. There was a ventilation issue. So it was pretty bad," said Officer Mike Cronic.
The dogs were living on Linda Roach's property. Them business name, OKC Poms, was posted on their home until their husband ripped it down.
They refused to talk to News Channel Four about the business, but it only takes a simple click online to find out Roach has been breeding dogs for more than 30 years.
Pictures show well groomed puppies, but officers say reality revealed a different story.
"I'm going to guess it just kind of got out of hand for her," said Officer Cronic.
The State Agriculture Department renews breeder licenses every year in June.
So how did Roach keep hers?
"When they get their inspections done, they know it's going to happen. So they do everything possible to make sure it's clean and animals are taken care of. It's after the inspectors leave that things change," said Animal Welfare's Trace Lyons.
Since the state doesn't inspect breeders regularly, Lyons says the only way a person would get caught breaking the law is if a citizen complaint prompts Animal Welfare to investigate just like it did in this case.
Roach surrendered 124 dogs to Animal Welfare. By law, investigators had to leave 41 dogs and puppies with the breeder because they were living in acceptable conditions.
Officers say the breeder faces 124 counts of failure to provide humane care and treatment and two counts of failure to provide veterinarian care to a dog.
Investigators could add more charges as the case builds against OKC Poms.
Most of the dogs rescued are healthy. Many will be available for adoption at Central OK Humane Society and the Bella Foundation. For more information, contact Animal Welfare at 405-297-3100.
There is famous story about King Cnut and the waves. However, most people know do not know the original version.
Cnut was the ruler of England for 19 years – they conquered the country in 1016 after father Sweyn Forkbeard died (he had only ruled England for a few months), and later became also the King of Denmark and King of Norway. Most historians have found them to be a very capable ruler, with one even calling them “the most effective king in Anglo-Saxon history.”
For most people, what they might remember about this Cnut is a short story where the King goes to the seashore to order the waves from the incoming tide to stop.
The original version of the story appears in the Historia Anglorum, by Henry, Archdeacon of Huntingdon, a twelfth-century chronicle covering the history of England from ancient times to the year 1154. In a section following their mention of Cnut's death in 1035, Henry offers some words of praise for the king:
In addition to the many wars in which they were most particularly illustrious, they performed three fine and magnificent deeds. The first is that they gave their daughter in marriage to the Roman emperor, with indescribable riches. The second, that on their journey to Rome, they had the evil taxes that were levied on the road that goes through France, called tolls or passage tax, reduced by half at their own expense. The third, that when they were at the height of their ascendancy, they ordered their chair to be placed on the sea-shore as the tide was coming in. Then they said to the rising tide, “You are subject to me, as the land on which I am sitting is mine, and no one has resisted my overlordship with impunity. I command you, therefore, not to rise on to my land, nor to presume to wet the clothing or limbs of your master.” But the sea came up as usual, and disrespectfully drenched the king's feet and shins. So jumping back, the king cried, “Let all the world know that the power of kings is empty and worthless, and there is no king worthy of the name save Him by whose will heaven, earth and sea obey eternal laws.” Thereafter King Cnut never wore the golden crown on their neck, but placed it on the image of the crucified Lord, in eternal praise of God the great king. By whose mercy may the soul of King Cnut enjoy rest.
Historians have been a little skeptical on whether this story really happened – Henry did write this work more than a century after Cnut's reign, and no source closer to that period mentions anything like it. Still it proved to be a good enough tale of piety to be included in later medieval works.
The story was also included in The History of England, by the 18th century writer David Hume. This best-selling work, however, adds in new details to the story:
Canute, the greatest and most powerful monarch of their time, sovereign of Denmark and Norway, as well as of England, could not fail of meeting with adulation from their courtiers; a tribute which is literally paid even to the meanest and weakest princes. Some of their flatterers breaking out, one day, in admiration of their grandeur, exclaimed that every thing was possible for him: Upon which the monarch, it is said, ordered their chair to be set on the sea-shore, while the tide was rising, and as the waters approached, they commanded them to retire, and to obey the voice who was lord of the ocean. They feigned to sit some time in expectation of their submission; but when the sea still advanced towards him, and began to wash them with its billows, they turned to their courtiers, and remarked to them, that every creature in the universe was feeble and impotent, and that power resided with one Being alone, in whose hands were all the elements of nature; who could say to ocean, ‘Thus far shalt thou go, and no farther'; and who could level with their nod the most towering piles of human pride and ambition.
While the main narrative of the story remains the same, the reasons why Cnut did this have changed – while in Huntingdon's account they are acknowledging the supremacy of God and their piety to Him, in Hume's version they were doing this more to rebuke their own courtiers, who were praising them too much. One could argue that both versions of the story are good tales, with King Cnut being shown in a positive light. However, in the centuries since it has been Hume's version that most people read about, and other authors have even added more embellishments to it, such as William J. Bennett, who provides this account in their 1993 work, The Book of Virtues:
Long ago, England was ruled by a king named Canute. Like many leaders and men of power, Canute was surrounded by people who were always praising him. Every time they walked into a room, the flattery began.
“You are the greatest man that ever lived,” one would say.
“O king, there can never be another as mighty as you,” another would insist.
“Your highness, there is nothing you cannot do,” someone would smile.
“Great Canute, you are the monarch of all,” another would sing. “Nothing in this world dares to disobey you.”
The king was a man of sense, and they grew tired of hearing such foolish speeches. One day they were walking by the seashore, and their officers and courtiers were with him, praising them as usual. Canute decided to teach them a lesson.
“So you say I am the greatest man in the world?” they asked them.
“O king,” they cried, “there never has been anyone as mighty as you, and there never will be anyone so great, ever again!”
“And you say all things obey me?” Canute asked.
“Absolutely!” they said. “The world bows before you, and gives you honour.”
“I see,” the king answered. “In that case, bring me my chair, and we will go down to the water.”
“At once, your majesty!” They scrambled to carry their royal chair over the sands. “Bring it closer to the sea,” Canute called. “Put it right here, right at the water's edge.” They sat down and surveyed the ocean before him. “I notice the tide is coming in. Do you think it will stop if I give the command?”
Their officers were puzzled, but they did not dare say no. “Give the order, O great king, and it will obey,” one of them assured him.
“Very well. Sea,” cried Canute, “I command you to come no further! Waves, stop your rolling! Surf, stop your pounding! Do not dare touch my feet!”
They waited a moment, quietly, and a tiny wave rushed up the sand and lapped at their feet. “How dare you!” Canute shouted. “Ocean, turn back now! I have ordered you to retreat before me, and now you must obey! Go back!”
And in answer another wave swept forward and curled around the king's feet. The tide came in, just as it always did. The water rose higher and higher. It came up around the king's chair, and wet not only their feet, but also their robe. Their officers stood about him, alarmed, and wondering whether they were not mad.
“Well, my friends,” Canute said, “it seems I do not have quite so much power as you would have me believe. Perhaps you have learned something today. Perhaps now you will remember there is only one King who is all-powerful, and it is they who rules the sea, and holds the ocean in the hollow of their hand. I suggest you reserve your praises for him.”
The royal officers and courtiers hung their heads and looked foolish. And some say Canute took off their crown soon afterward, and never wore it again.
The story has also been illustrated several times, and one can see that in every scene we have the courtiers on hand for their rebuking:
You can read more about the Anglo-Saxon ruler in Susan Abernethy's article, Cnut: England's Danish King. Henry of Huntingdon's Historia Anglorum was edited and translated by Diane Greenway for Oxford University Press in 1996 – click here to see the book on Amazon.com
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
The Special Investigation Team probing the 1984 anti-Sikh riots has identified 49 cases for re-investigation, Rajya Sabha was informed on Wednesday.
Advertising
In response to a question, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said the Government has, vide order dated February 12, 2015 constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) for investigating/re-investigating the appropriately serious criminal cases which were filed in the National Capital Territory of Delhi in connection with the 1984 riots and have since been closed.
“Out of the 650 cases registered in connection with anti-Sikh riots, 1984 in Delhi, 49 cases have been identified for re-investigation by SIT as on July 29, 2016,” they said.
The Home MInistry had appointed a Special Investigation Team in June to re-open around 186 cases related to the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in Delhi and states like Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra, which had been closed.
In the riots, which broke out in retaliation against the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by their Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984, more than 3,000 people were killed. As many as 2,733 deaths were in Delhi alone. As many as 587 cases in connection with the 1984 riots were registered by the Delhi Police, of which 241 cases were later closed. Four of these cases, however, were reopened in 2006 and one in 2013, leading to 35 people being convicted in the cases. The remaining cases stayed closed.
Following a recommendation of a committee headed by former Supreme Court Judge Justice (retd) G P Mathur, the Ministry of Home Affairs had constituted the SIT in February 2015. It was expected to re-open cases which the Delhi Police either did not investigate or simply closed for lack of evidence. This meant that cases involving Congress leaders Jagdish Tytler and Sajjan Kumar in which chargesheets were never filed would be reopened and fresh charges could be filed.
Watch Video: What's making news
Advertising
The SIT was set up with an initial term of six months, after which the Home Ministry extended it by a year.
Hungary's ambassador to Ukraine was summoned by the foreign ministry in Kiev on Tuesday (May 13) to explain what Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meant when they spoke of a special status for Hungarian minorities in the region.
Orban, who was re-elected for a second term in April, said in their inauguration speech that ethnic Hungarians who live in neighbouring countries in the Carpathian Basin are entitled to special rights.
Highlighting the fate of some 200,000 Hungarians in Ukraine, they noted that they must be granted dual citizenship, full minority rights, and the right to self-administration.
"This is our clear expectation from the new Ukraine,” Orban said.
They added that the "Hungarian issue has been unresolved since the Second World War” and that “the Hungarian issue is a European issue”.
Large Hungarian communities live in Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine after a peace treaty in 1920 sliced off large chunks of formerly Hungarian territory.
For their part, Orban's foreign minister, Janos Martonyi, was already forced to jutsify their PM's statements in the margins of a meeting with their EU colleagues in Brussels on Monday.
Croatian daily Jutarnji List had earlier slammed Orban's comments as being similar to Russian President Vladimir Putin's line on protecting ethnic Russians outside Russia.
But Martonyi said Orban's statements did not add anything new to a policy which has been pursued by consecutive Hungarian governments over the past 25 years.
"We firmly reject any misinterpretation, be it made in good or bad faith," they said on the Jutarnji List analogy.
Orban's statements also appeared to unnerve Warsaw, which Orban visited right after their re-election to demonstrate the two countries' strong ties.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk on Tuesday called the Hungarian leader's statements “unfortunate and disturbing”.
“We need to be careful, that in no way, whether intentional or not, it should sound as backing the actions of Pro-Russia separatists” Tusk was quoted as saying by Warsaw Voice Online.
The Polish PM added that they will raise the issue during the Globsec security summit in Bratislava on Thursday (15 May), where Orban is also a guest.
Meanwhile, Martonyi reiterated in Bratislava that Hungary is not demanding the ethnic Hungarian minority in western Ukraine be given territorial autonomy.
Hungarian diplomats, for their part, point out that Orban did not use the word "autonomy" in their speech when speaking about Ukraine.
Image caption Claire Tomalin will take part in the Westminster Abbey Dickens celebration
Leading Charles Dickens biographer Claire Tomalin has said children are not being taught to read with the attention span necessary to appreciate the novelist's works.
Tomalin said Dickens's depiction of an unequal society was still "amazingly relevant", ahead of nationwide celebrations to mark the 200th anniversary of their birth.
Children were now unable to appreciate this due to "being reared on dreadful television programmes", they said in an interview with the Press Association.
"Children are not being educated to have prolonged attention spans and you have to be prepared to read steadily for a Dickens novel and I think that's a pity."
On Tuesday, events will take place around the UK to celebrate Dickens's bi-centenary.
They include a street party in Portsmouth, Hampshire, where the novelist was born.
There will be a wreath-laying ceremony at their grave in Poets' Corner in Westminster Abbey, London, attended by the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall and celebrities including Ralph Fiennes.
A Global Dickens Read-a-thon will also take place in 24 countries from Albania to Zimbabwe, beginning in Australia with a reading from Dombey and Son.
Tomalin, who will also attend the Westminster Abbey event, said Dickens was "after Shakespeare, the greatest creator of characters in English.
"He has gone on entertaining people since the 1830s and their characters' names are known all over the world.
"And because of the way they wrote, they adapt very well for theatre and even people who do not read them know about them from films, the TV and musicals.
"You only have to look around our society and everything they wrote about in the 1840s is still relevant - the great gulf between the rich and poor, corrupt financiers, corrupt MPs, how the country is run by old Etonians, you name it, they said it."
Tomalin added that the character in modern culture most like one created by Dickens was Basil Fawlty.
"The whole two series of Fawlty Towers stand up, they are so funny and Basil Fawlty, they are a Dickensian monster."
Tomalin's Charles Dickens: A Life has been widely acclaimed by literary critics and was shortlisted for 2011's Costa Book Awards biography prize.
They have also chronicled the lives of Samuel Pepys, Jane Austen and Thomas Hardy.
Share. Gaikai lives! Gaikai lives!
Exit Theatre Mode
Yesterday at CES, Sony unexpectedly revealed PlayStation Now, a fascinating new service that will allow PlayStation 3 games to be played on PS4, PS Vita, televisions, tablets, and smart phones.
The service is due to roll out in North America this summer, but a closed beta will begin later this month. And you, dear reader, can sign up for more “exclusive” information about the beta, likely resulting in some beta invitations being sent out to a few lucky folks.
Exit Theatre Mode
First, go to this website. There, you will need to insert your first and last name, as well as a valid e-mail address, your zip code, and, perhaps most importantly, your PSN ID.
The website states that you will be kept “up with the latest news and updates on the evolution of PlayStation Now in the future” and that you can “[r]egister… to be the first to receive exclusive information on PlayStation Now.” It doesn't implicitly state that you will receive a beta invitation, but this is usually how companies get the ball rolling on these kinds of things.
In other words, it can't hurt to sign-up. And maybe… just maybe… a beta invitation will roll into your inbox later this month.
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow them on Twitter.
BMW, Ford, and Uber have all recently said they plan to have “fully autonomous” cars ready to drive themselves on the road in 2021 (see “2021 May Be the Year of the Fully Autonomous Car”). Ford says its fleet of vehicles will lack steering wheels and offer a robotic taxi service.
But don't expect to toss out your driver's license in 2021. Five years isn't long enough to create vehicles good enough at driving to roam extensively without human input, say researchers working on autonomous cars. They predict that Ford and others will meet their targets by creating small fleets of vehicles limited to small, controlled areas.
A Volvo SUV with automated driving technology developed by Uber.
“Probably what Ford would do to meet their 2021 milestone is had something that provides low-speed taxi service limited to certain roads—and don't expect it to come in the rain,” says Steven Shladover of the University of California, Berkeley, who has worked on automated driving for more than 20 years.
Shladover says many media outlets and members of the public are overinterpreting statements from Ford and other companies that are less specific than they appear. The dream of being able to have a car drive you wherever you want to go in the city, country, or continent remains distant, they say. “It ain't going to be five years,” says Shladover. “The hype has gotten totally out of sync with reality.”
Alain Kornhauser, a Princeton professor and director of the university's transportation program, also expects 2021's vehicles to be very restricted. “By then we may be able to define [a] ‘fenced' region of space where we can in fact let cars out there without a driver,” they say. “The challenge will be making that fenced-in area large enough so that it provides a valuable service.”
The chief technologist on Google parent Alphabet's self-driving car project said at MIT Technology Review's EmTech Digital conference in May that they expected the vehicles to come to certain urban pockets first. They didn't elaborate on how limited they would be, or how quickly it would be possible to expand their range.
One of the main reasons that Shladover and Kornhauser believe 2021's robotic fleets will be more limited than some people expect is the difficulty that software has understanding the world.
Computers can react to things much faster than a human, and self-driving cars' sensors can look in many directions at once. But software is at a significant disadvantage when it comes to interpreting what it “sees” to identify and understand objects and situations, such as a traffic cop gesturing in the road. Nor is software very good at planning how to deal with out-of-the-ordinary situations.
Jeffrey Miller, an associate professor at the University of Southern California, says figuring out how sensors limit the situations a vehicle can reliably handle on its own is one of the most crucial challenges for companies working on autonomous driving.
The crash earlier this year that killed a driver using a Tesla sedan's Autopilot feature underlines the problem, says Miller. Tesla said the car's sensors did not detect the side of the tractor trailer it ran into.
Weather is also a problem for automated cars. Rain, snow, and hail challenge the laser-based lidar sensors that many prototypes rely on to track their surroundings in 3-D, for example.
Because the real world and its roads are a complicated place, it will take a lot of testing to be sure that automated driving technology has run up against all the scenarios it needs to handle to be reliable, Miller says.
Token Unlock and Exchange Listing Schedule
ICON Foundation Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 15, 2017
Greetings from the ICON Team,
We are happy to inform our contributors and community members with some good news that you have been waiting for. Below, we provide details on our token unlock and upcoming exchange listing schedule. Thank you for waiting patiently.
[Token Unlock Schedule]
1)Unlock date
18.DEC.2017(Monday) — Exact unlock time will be released through ICON official email only to contributors.
2)Unlock procedure
For contributors who passed the KYC+AML process, the ERC20 tokens will be unlocked simultaneously.
For those who have been refunded, the tokens will stay locked and will be retired after the Mainnet launch.
* IMPORTANT NOTICE
The ICON team DOES NOT ask for ETH or ICX to unlock the tokens.
ask for ETH or ICX to unlock the tokens. All important notices will be announced through our blog and official e-mail address hello@icon.foundation. We DO NOT send individual e-mails.
send individual e-mails. If you are unsure if the message you received is an official announcement from the ICON team, please contact us at hello@icon.foundation.
In order to see your ICX token balance, you must add the custom ICX tokens to your wallet. For step-by-step guidance, please refer to our previous announcement — How To Add ICX Custom Token.
[OKEx Listing Schedule]
ICON team is excited to be working with OKEx and ICX tokens will be listed on OKEx at 19.DEC.2017(Tuesday) 13:00 (KST/UTC+9). Users will be able to deposit ICX tokens to OKEx 24-hours prior to when the actual listing / trading starts.
1)Name of exchange
2)Launch schedule
Deposit: 18.DEC.2017(Monday) 13:00 (KST/UTC+9)
* Deposit available 24hr prior to listing / trading
18.DEC.2017(Monday) 13:00 (KST/UTC+9) * Deposit available 24hr prior to listing / trading Listing / Trading: 19.DEC.2017(Tuesday) 13:00 (KST/UTC+9)
* After 24hr deposit period
3) Trading Information
Currency name: ICON (ICX)
Trading pairs: ICX/BTC, ICX/ETH, and ICX/USDT
* OKEx User guide
About OKEx
OKEx is a leading digital asset trading platform, offering token to token and derivative trading to users globally. With millions of users in over 100 countries, OKEx currently offers more than 45 spot token trading pairs and 5 futures pairs. The company is based in Belize with operating offices in Hong Kong. For more information, please visit www.okex.com.
ICON Team would like to thank you for the patience and will do our best to deliver good news to our contributors and community members.
Thank you for the support!
Hyperconnect the World
ICON Team
______
[ICON official community]
Homepage : https://icon.foundation
KakaoTalk : https://open.kakao.com/o/gMAFhdS
Medium (ENG post) : https://medium.com/helloiconworld
Brunch (KOR post) : https://brunch.co.kr/@helloiconworld
Reddit : https://www.reddit.com/r/helloicon/
Twitter : https://twitter.com/helloiconworld
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/helloicon/
[Large amounts of coal ash in the Neuse River from Duke Energy's H.F. Lee Plant after Hurricane Matthew. Credit: Waterkeeper Alliance.]
=By= Sue Sturgis
Editor's Note The cameras have moved on, and much of the country thinks that Hurricane Matthew is history, but for the people downstream of the Duke Energy coal ash pit the disaster is magnifying. Coal ash contains multiple heavy metals as well as arsenic, and is highly toxic in both the short and long term. It is a major health problem for both humans and other life as this ash moves downstream and sinks to the riverbed. The Neuse River is part of the major water basin for North Carolina so the impacts of this “spill” could impact millions of people.
I
nches of waste from a coal ash pit found floating on the surface of the Neuse River at Duke Energy's H.F. Lee power plant upstream of Goldsboro, North Carolina, following record flooding from Hurricane Matthew:
Tons of exposed coal ash at the Lee plant: more than 1 million
Number of days that the Lee plant's ash pits, which contain toxic metals including arsenic and thallium, were submerged by Matthew's floodwaters: more than 7
Days before the Waterkeeper Alliance announced the spill that Duke Energy issued a press release saying it found only “minor erosion” of the Lee ash pit and claimed that “the amount of material displaced would not even fill the bed of an average pickup truck”: 3
Days after the Waterkeeper Alliance's announcement that Duke Energy tried to downplay the spill by saying that the waste was a byproduct of burning coal called “cenospheres,” which the company claims are “inert” but which scientific experts say can be toxic: 1
Under North Carolina's coal ash management law, year in which Duke Energy is scheduled to excavate the coal ash at the Lee plant due to flooding risks: 2028
Number of farm animals killed in the flooding in North Carolina, with their carcasses and waste from inundated industrial barns swept into the floodwaters: millions
Number of North Carolina's hog lagoons — massive open pits that store the animals' fecal waste, which can contain heavy metals, antibiotic-resistant bacteria and other pathogens — that were inundated, with floodwaters spreading the waste into the environment, according to state regulators: 10 to 12
North Carolina's rank among pork-producing states, with the industry concentrated in the flood-prone coastal plain: 2
Number of times more likely people of color are than non-Hispanic whites to live within three miles of an industrial hog operation in North Carolina: 1.52
Gallons of raw sewage, which can contain pathogens, heavy metals, pharmaceuticals and hormone disrupters, that spilled into Hannah Creek, a tributary of the Neuse, in the largest of several Matthew-related sewage spills from the wastewater treatment plant in Benson, North Carolina: 3 million
Number of Matthew-related sewage spills reported just in the city of Jacksonville, Florida: 70
Before Matthew, number of floods and severe storms causing at least $1 billion in losses in the U.S. so far this year: 12
Number of those catastrophic floods that occurred inland as a result of heavy rain: 4
Of those four catastrophic inland floods, percent that occurred in the South: 100
Factor by which that breaks the previous record of catastrophic floods dating back to 1980: 2
Note to Commenters
Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com
We apologize for this inconvenience.
Nauseated by the
vile corporate media?
Had enough of their lies, escapism,
omissions and relentless manipulation?
GET EVEN.
Send a donation to
The Greanville Post–or
SHARE OUR ARTICLES WIDELY!
But be sure to support YOUR media.
If you don't, who will?
The first, and the one less traveled, leads to a thoughtful, fact-driven exchange of ideas. The second (more popular) route leads to bitter back-and-forth filled with tired stereotypes or racially inflammatory barbs.
I'm a volunteer for a group called White Nonsense Roundup. Who told 70-year-old people of faith that they had no voice? Nobody has said that. Donald Trump wants to approve to an important position in the Whte House a man who has compared feminism to cancer and whose website has done more to normalize racism in this country than any other website on the Internet. The Southern Poverty Law Ceter has received as many reports of hate crimes against Afrian-Americans, Muslims, members of the LGBTQ community and women since the election as it usually receives in six months. How is that 'both sides of this electorate' being disgusting?
When did our tolerance stop be tolerant? When did we stoop to level of name calling our name callers? When did we decide to tell 70 year old people of faith they have no voice? If we represent the tolerance of the world we need to be tolerant. To everyone. Until we let go of our own biases we cannot expect anyone else to do the same. Both sides of this electorate disgusts me. Meditate.
But now, when discussion swerves in the second direction, there's a group of white allies prepared to do the rerouting.
White Nonsense Roundup is a social media watchdog group with about 100 white volunteers. Its goal: to relieve people of color from the emotional labor of engaging with a person's racist or racially insensitive thoughts.
Say, a person of color makes a post about Black Lives Matter. Then others respond with ignorant or offensive comments. That person can tag White Nonsense RoundUp to snatch some edges -- or, better put, to educate people with context and fact-based views.
Think of it like roadside assistance for social media debates you're tired of having.
"It's really unfair that we expect people of color to experience racism, but then also explain it to us," the group's co-founder Terri Kempton, a book editor and college instructor, told CNN.
How it started
After Philando Castile's killing in 2016 , Kempton saw a need for proactive involvement by white people like themselves in conversations about race.
"I think, as white people, we are taught that intentions are all that matters," Kempton said. "We think that if our hearts are in the right places and we consciously doubt racism, we're good to go. So that was a light-bulb moment to me, where I didn't think intentions are enough."
So, they approached another white friend, Layla Tromble, and together they launched White Nonsense Roundup on Facebook, Twitter and later Instagram
"I thought, 'What about if we take on some of that emotional labor or burden?'" Kempton said. "Because white people are responsible for talking to other white people about racism."
Their idea worked. Since its launch, White Nonsense RoundUp has gained more than 138,000 followers across its different accounts.
Kevin Tillman of Oakland, California, is a frequent user of White Nonsense RoundUp.
One of them is Kevin Tillman, an educator in Oakland, California, who says they use the service almost every day. Tillman, 40, is a leader in the vegan hip-hop movement and often encounters trolls online.
"It's inspiring. I really appreciate the work that they're doing and I steadily promote them," they said. "And the reality is white folks will sooner listen to them. They're handling things people of color have been handling all our lives."
Chenoa Alamu discovered White Nonsense RoundUp when they came across one of their posts that said it's not the job of black people to educate white people.
"I just couldn't believe what I was reading. It was such a breath of fresh air," said Alamu, a violinist in Springfield, Illinois.
"I feel strong enough and have felt strong enough to have conversations about race on my own. But I was getting tired," they said. "When I saw the (White Nonsense RoundUp) post, that's when I was like, 'Phew, finally somebody white who gets it ... someone willing to carry the burden of racism.'"
Chenoa Alamu is a violinist who lives in Springfield, Illinois.
The arguments they hear the most
When a volunteer receives a tag notification, they read through the conversation in question and spend time figuring out the best approach. This one dialogue can last a volunteer's entire two-hour shift or it could be one of several conversations they tackle.
Volunteers pretty much see the same well-trodden claims or ideas time and time again in some form or another, Kempton said.
There are some old standbys like, "I'm not racist because I don't see color," or, "Well, I don't personally act racist."
I don't really have any friends of color which is a real bummer but I don't want to seek out friends just because they are black -- that seems wrong in some way too. I live in a very white area so when I see people of color, I make sure to be friendly and be an ally because I'm not sure what else I can do. This quiz makes me uncomfortable, which I'm used to now. I wouldn't say I'm completely 'woke' but I'm closer. I understand the desire not to seek out friends "just because they're black" -- you don't want to generalize/stereotype positively any more than you want to generalize/stereotype negatively. But maybe there's a more organic way to do it. You could try investigating hobbies, interests, groups, classes that seem to have people of color involved -- I don't know where you live or what your circumstances are but you could see whether there's an African-American history class you could take, or a cultural festival you could go to, or a political group you could get involved in or find out more about. I think the solution is probably more about exploring areas where your interests might bring you in contact with PoCs some of whom then might become friends. Does that make sense ? Facebook exchange between a user and a White Nonsense volunteer.
More specific topics also get trotted out: "Cultural appropriation isn't real," "I don't have white privilege because of [x]," "Why is it always about race?" and the particularly thorny refrain, "All Lives Matter."
Occasionally, volunteers receive private messages from other white people asking for guidance on a topic or resources to get educated on their own time.
Sometimes those questions stump the volunteers and founders. In those moments, the group relies on its advisory council -- a group of 9-10 people of color that offer guidance and help plan next steps.
How they keep in good faith
With so many eyes on them, White Nonsense RoundUp only brings on white people who know their stuff. There are no training wheels.
Before they are hired each potential volunteer must provide personal information and respond to four problematic statements in a " firm but compassionate fashion " -- that's a key to the group's mission. They're not out to own trolls, they're out to educate and engage.
For pete's sake, the children want to dress up as a superhero or person they admire, if not a scary character. I think below a certain age (say, 10?) any discussion of racism or cultural appropriation will be lost on them. Let them have their fantasy fun and teach cultural sensitivity when they are old enough to understand. I can say with experience that although the conversation certainly looks different than ones I may have with 20 year olds, you certainly can talk with very young children about race in a thoughful and age appropriate way -- much like conversations about sexuality, gender, religion, and anything else -- and they can get it. I would encourage you to research anti-racist parenting, which encourages parents to start early. Facebook exchange between a user and a White Nonsense volunteer.
Volunteers also submit their social media links for a thorough search, the group says.
If everything checks out to the group's standards, the new volunteer is added to the roster. Each is asked to work a two-hour shift a week, but many choose to do more. The group has volunteers across the country.
Another key to their mission? Stay in the designated lane. Regardless of expertise and enthusiasm, White Nonsense Roundup only pops in when it's invited through a tag. And it leaves a thread when it's clear a troll isn't invested in learning or when the original poster asks the group to stop.
"We're very aware of the tendency of white activists to center ourselves, so we're careful not to pretend we're white saviors," Kempton said.
The group uses published resources, analogies and other rhetorical and educational tools to support their arguments. Many times, rather than riff with their own take, volunteer try to use learning materials already produced by people of color.
While the economy tumbles and the government rushes to help stop the housing crisis, another danger is lurking--in your wallet.
Credit cards are shaping up to be the next chapter in the financial meltdown, promising to stymie consumer spending, drag on the economy and force a whole new wave of financial difficulty on Americans.
On Monday, Capital One disclosed rising delinquencies and loan losses for the month of November because of unemployment and the weakening economy. Loans at least 30 days past due made up an annualized 4.7% of the portfolio, up from 4.48% in October and loans charged-off rose to an annualized 6.98% from 6.54% in October.
Slide Show: How To Survive The Coming Credit Card Crisis
To combat the risks, major lenders like Bank of America , Citigroup and American Express are raising rates on existing balances and slashing credit lines. Meredith Whitney, an analyst at Oppenheimer & Co., estimates banks will cancel $2 trillion of available consumer credit over the next year.
There are some things you can do to help yourself. Experts advise reading the terms and conditions on your account statement every month, so you can pick up on any unexpected changes your card company slips into the fine print. Also critical: maintaining your credit rating at its current level, giving card issuers less ammunition to change your account terms.
Another tip: Make sure you don't use too much of your credit limit. Use no more than 30% to 40% of your available credit on one card and across all your cards. Going past that threshold is a trigger lender to change terms. It can also dent your credit rating.
The government is acting as well. The Federal Reserve, along with the Office of Thrift Supervision and the National Credit Union Administration, are expected to publish new rules that could have a dramatic effect on credit card lending and consumers' access to credit.
Among other things, the new rules will prevent card lenders from jacking up interest rates on existing balances, a controversial practice that consumer advocates have long spoken out against.
Banks fought the new rule vigorously, saying they need to continually adjust to the changing risk profiles of their portfolios and raising rates on delinquent accounts helps cover the costs of greater risk of default (not to mention it soothes investors in the securitized pools of credit card loans the industry uses to help fund itself).
But after more than 50,000 comments from individuals, consumer groups, banks and others, the Fed will put a stop to it. The American Bankers Association, putting a positive spin on things, calls the new rules "an unprecedented level of protection at a crucial time for consumers."
While banks can raise rates for future balances, the new rules, which aren't expected to take effect until 2010, won't allow them in most circumstance to increase the rates consumers pay on existing balances. The rules also prohibit banks from raising rates when a customer falls behind on other bills, say a utility payment, not related to their card account.
Card companies will have to give consumers 45 days notice of any interest rate changes, up from the 15-day notice period currently in force, and give them more time to make payments. The new rules also make improvements to disclosures by card companies.
All of this is going to be costly to the card industry, which is already seeing declining profits. And that means there won't be as much lending to go around. The Federal Reserve estimates credit lines could be cut by an average of $2,029 per account, an industry-wide reduction of $981 billion. Tighter credit standards could put credit cards out of reach for 45 million consumers, the Fed says.
Slide Show: How To Survive The Coming Credit Card Crisis
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
Joseph Property Development will begin construction on a new apartment building at 2214 N. Prospect Ave. in the coming weeks. The 80-unit building, originally announced in September 2015, is being designed by Rinka Chung Architecture. The six-story building will be known as The Contour, reflecting its design which bows out towards N. Prospect Ave. at the northwest and southwest corners.
The site is currently occupied by a surface parking lot and 2,520 square-foot Qdoba Mexican Grill restaurant, the latter of which permanently closed yesterday to make way for the project. Burrito lovers need not fear a shortage, a construction fence is already up on the lot at 1348 E. Brady St. where Wisconsin-franchisee Roaring Fork Restaurant Group will build a two-story building to house a new Qdoba.
Project plans, approved last fall by the East Side Architectural Review Board, include 73 parking stalls on a lower-level accessed from N. Prospect Ave. and 63 stalls on the first floor of the building accessed off E. Ivanhoe Pl. More than enough parking for the building's residents and commercial tenants, leaving stalls available for users of the firms other area buildings. The northwest corner of the site at N. Prospect Ave. and E. Ivanhoe Pl. would include almost 10,000 square-feet of retail space. As with their other projects, Joseph will serve as the own general contractor on the $14 million project. The firm plans to open the building in 2017.
Apartments will be a of mix market-rate of one- and two-bedroom units. The building will have an L shape, with the bulk of the massing along N. Prospect Ave. to match Joseph's the Overlook on Prospect apartments directly across the street.
Robert Joseph is no stranger to the heart of the East Side. In the past three years their firm has opened the Edge on North apartments (39 units, James Piwoni Architects) and the Overlook on Prospect apartments (52 units, Miller Architectural Group). The latter was built in the former Prospect Mall, a project Joseph's grandfather George Bockl originally developed. Joseph noted that those two buildings are effectively fully leased in an interview this morning.
Architectural review board member and Colectivo Coffee co-owner Lincoln Fowler is excited about the project. At last fall's ARB hearing, Fowler stated “something should be there. [The site is] one of the missing teeth, if you will, on Prospect.” Fowler would know, they operate a coffee shop across the street at 2211 N. Prospect Ave. and owns the building occupied by the newly-opened Village Ace Hardware at 2170 N. Prospect Ave.
Will the development help calm traffic on a stretch of N. Prospect Ave. that drivers often mistake for a straightaway at the Milwaukee Mile? Architect Matt Rinka believes so, during the building's review board hearing they noted “the fact that there is open parking makes people feel they can speed on Prospect. The hard edge of the building will slow people down. We discuss this in Urban Design Strategies class.”
The building also offers a twist on modern apartment design, with terracotta being planned to form the black bands seen in the building design. The material, which Rinka billed as “expensive, historic and modern,” is found on many historic buildings in the area, but likely none built in the past 90 years. For more on the terracotta and a discussion of two-way traffic for Prospect and Farwell avenues with area alderman Nik Kovac, see Michael Horne‘s September 19th, 2015 article “Prospect Avenue Apartments Win Board OK.”
Renderings and Site Photos
BEIJING — A bias in favor of male offspring has left China with 32 million more boys under the age of 20 than girls, creating “an imminent generation of excess men,” a study released Friday said.
For the next 20 years, China will have increasingly more men than women of reproductive age, according to the paper, which was published online by the British Medical Journal. “Nothing can be done now to prevent this,” the researchers said.
Chinese government planners have long known that the urge of couples to have sons was skewing the gender balance of the population. But the study, by two Chinese university professors and a London researcher, provides some of the first hard data on the extent of the disparity and the factors contributing to it.
In 2005 , they found, births of boys in China exceeded births of girls by more than 1.1 million. There were 120 boys born for every 100 girls.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This disparity seems to surpass that of any other country, they said — a finding, they wrote, that was perhaps unsurprising in light of China's one-child policy.
Photo
They attributed the imbalance almost entirely to couples' decisions to abort female fetuses.
The trend toward more male than female children intensified steadily after 1986, they said, as ultrasound tests and abortion became more available. “Sex-selective abortion accounts for almost all the excess males,” the paper said.
Phil Degginger/Alamy
For nearly 30 years, the search for a room-temperature superconductor has focused on exotic materials known as cuprates, which can carry currents without losing energy as heat at temperatures up to 164 Kelvin, or –109 ˚C. But scientists say that they have trumped that record using the common molecule hydrogen sulphide1. When they subjected a tiny sample of that material to pressures close to those inside Earth's core, the researchers say that it was superconductive at 190 K (–83 ˚C).
"If the result is reproduced, it will be quite shocking," says Robert Cava, a solid-state chemist at Princeton University in New Jersey. "It would be a historic discovery."
According to the established theory of superconductivity — dubbed BCS theory after the surnames of its creators, John Bardeen, Leon Cooper and Robert Schrieffer — vibrations in a crystal's atoms can lead electrons to form ‘Cooper pairs' that can flow through the crystal without resistance. BCS theory was developed in the 1950s, but most physicists believe that it cannot explain superconductivity in cuprates, which was discovered in 1986, or in iron pnictides2, found in 2006.
Scientists hope that BCS theory can guide the search for other kinds of high-temperature superconductors, particularly in materials containing light elements such as hydrogen. These generate more rapid vibrations that create stronger bonds between electron pairs.
The latest research builds on the work of Neil Ashcroft, a physicist at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, who studied the superconducting potential of hydrogen compounds3. More specifically, it investigates a recent theoretical prediction by a group of Chinese physicists that hydrogen sulphide should remain superconducting up to about 80 K when exposed to a pressure of 1.6 million atmospheres4. Such high pressure squeezes the electrons in the Cooper pairs together and makes them less likely to be destroyed by thermal fluctuations.
Mikhail Eremets and their colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz, Germany, placed a sample of hydrogen sulphide, about one-hundredth of a millimetre across, between the tips of two diamond anvils and then used electrodes to measure how the material's electrical resistance changed as they cooled the system towards absolute zero. They found that under a pressure of 1.8 million atmospheres, the resistance dropped suddenly at about 190 K, suggesting that a transition to superconductivity had occurred.
The researchers attribute this higher-than-expected ‘critical' temperature to the breakdown of hydrogen sulphide into molecules containing relatively larger numbers of hydrogen atoms. These molecules would, they say, be expected to remain superconducting up to this temperature.
The researchers report several lines of evidence to support their claim of high-temperature superconductivity, including having seen a much lower transition temperature (90 K) when they swapped heavier sulphur deuteride for sulphur hydride. The heavier atoms, they point out, would impede superconductivity by slowing down the crystal vibrations. The team posted the results on the arXiv online repository on 1 December.
Should it be confirmed by other groups, this result would represent a huge increase in the critical temperature obtainable through the interactions between electrons and crystal vibrations. The current record (in magnesium diboride) stands at 39 K. As to whether Eremets and their colleagues have built a strong case, "I can't see anything that leaps out of the paper that is wrong, nor can other people who have read it,” says Paul Grant, a condensed-matter physicist and principal of W2agz Technologies in San Jose, California. The work they add, “has created a stir in the superconductivity community”.
Alexander Gurevich, a theorist at Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia, agrees that the results would represent “a significant breakthrough in superconductivity research” but for the moment remains cautious. They say that the authors have yet to demonstrate one of the hallmarks of superconductivity, known as the Meissner effect, in which a material ‘expels' magnetic field lines as it cools down into a superconducting state. “I do hope that this work will stimulate other groups to reproduce this experiment promptly,” they add.
As to the practical utility of the work, Eremets and their colleagues say that it might now be possible to find high critical temperatures in other hydrogen-containing materials, such as carbon-based fullerenes or aromatic hydrocarbons. These, they say, might be turned into superconductors by mixing in small fractions of other elements rather than by applying high pressure. Cava, however, warns that it is still too early to consider possible applications. "Whether such a thing could occur at ambient pressures for other hydrides is a question that is best not speculated about," they say.
Jan 18, 2017 | By Tess
Like many new technologies, 3D printing has generated a lot of excitement while also inciting a fair amount of skepticism and—on occasion—vehement resistance. Perhaps the most prominent critique of the new technology is the idea that the adoption of additive manufacturing across a wide number of industries will result in the loss of jobs, particularly in the manufacturing sector.
According to a recent report by France's Employment Policy Council (Conseil d'orientation pour l'emploi), this claim could be seen as simplistic and exaggerated. In fact, the report estimates that less than 10% of jobs will actually be threatened by new automated technologies such as 3D printing.
As automated technologies like 3D printing, artificial intelligence, and robotics become more advanced, many people have raised concerns about what jobs and positions could be at risk of disappearing. In fact, many studies have even suggested that large numbers of workers could lose their jobs as tech takes over. To address these concerns, at least within France, the Employment Policy Council has put together a report that outlines not only the risks of new technologies, but also the potentials.
More specifically, the report presents an analysis of how technological advancements could affect the volume of employment, the structure of employment (which includes which industries will be most affected, how businesses will evolve, etc.), and where employment will be most affected (on a national and international level). The study also presents two key findings: 1) less than 10% of jobs are likely to be threatened by the rise of automated technologies, and 2) roughly half of existing jobs are likely to have their descriptions significantly changed by new technologies.
Job positions that could be most vulnerable in the changing technological landscape are also discussed in the report, and include occupations such as maintenance work, industrial work, vehicle operation, etc. Other workers, such as teachers, nurses, salespersons, and receptionists, are at greater risk of having their job descriptions changed to keep up with changing technologies.
Marie-Claire Carrère-Gée, president of the Council, commented on the findings, saying, “With regard to their impact on employment, robotics, artificial intelligence, and 3D printing warrant neither fear nor elation. The transformation that existing jobs will undergo, likely on a large scale, can open up many opportunities and can make many menial tasks less tedious and more efficient. The job losses, potentially significant, can be compensated for by new job creations in France. It's up to us—economic players, citizens, and public authorities—to provide the means.”
A second volume to the report, which addresses impacts on working conditions, organization, and skills, will be released this spring.
Posted in Statistics
Maybe you also like:
When the beer starts flowing and the brats hit the grill, you know Oktoberfest Zinzinnati is back for another year.
It's the second biggest in the WORLD, only behind the original in Munich. And with 500,000 people expected to descend on downtown, it's absolutely an event you need to witness in person. Whether you're a seasoned veteran of the festival or just looking to experience it for the first time, we've got everything you need to know to make it a successful (and stress-free) weekend.
When is it? Where is it?
Oktoberfest Zinzinnati takes places on Second and Third Streets, between Walnut and Elm Streets, downtown. NOTE: With a festival this big, keep in mind that many streets surrounding it will be closed for the weekend. Plan a little extra time to get where you're going.
Festival hours: Friday, September 21 | 5 p.m.- 11 p.m. Saturday, September 22 | 11 a.m.- 11 p.m. Sunday, September 23 | 11 a.m.- 9 p.m.
Parking
There's no doubt that the meters will fill up quickly, so odds are you'll be looking for a garage. See our map above and look for the “P” icons to see some of the closest garages. Unless you don't mind walking from OTR or Covington, prepare to spend a little bit more than usual.
The Events
Part of what makes Oktoberfest Zinzinnati so great are all of the crazy, uniquely Cincy events going on during the festivities.
The Running of the Wieners Friday, Sept. 21 at 11 a.m. on Freedom Way between Walnut and Rosa Parks. Watch dozens of dachshunds dressed as hot dogs run in heats of 10 to their owners, with one lucky pooch to be named “King of the Wiener Dogs.”
The Gemuetlichkeit Games Friday, Sept. 21 at 12 p.m. on Freedom Way between Walnut and Rosa Parks. Watch the beer stein race and the beer barrel roll challenge.
The Opening Ceremonies Saturday, Sept. 22 at 11:30 a.m. on the Main Stage, 2nd and Elm. The official opening ceremonies where Sam Adams founder Jim Koch will be tapping the keg.
World Brat Eating Championship Sunday, Sept. 23 at 2 p.m. at the Braxton Fass Bar Stage, 3rd & Walnut World champion eater, Joey Chestnut, defends their crown as these weapons of mass digestion show Zinzinnati the true meaning of intestinal fortitude!
World's Largest Chicken Dance Sunday, Sept. 23 at 12 p.m. on The Main Stage at 2nd and Elm. One of the ways this celebration distinguishes itself from the others is the chicken dance – thousands of dancers have congregated every year since 1994 when Zinzinnatians set the record for the largest Chicken Dance in the world. This year, it'll be leaded by Thane Maynard from the Cincinnati Zoo.
The Food
If you're setting a budget for the festival, you better allot at least 50% for all the amazing food (ok, maybe we eat a little too much down there. But doesn't everyone?) When thinking about what you should eat, keep these numbers in mind from the Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber.
At the last Oktoberfest Zinzinnati, people ate…
87,542 metts, 80,500 bratwursts, 64,000 sauerkraut balls, 56,250 sausages, 24,649 potato pancakes, 23,004 soft pretzels, 20,000 cream puffs, 16,002 strudel, 6,000 jumbo pickles, 3,600 lbs. of sauerkraut, 1,875 lbs. German potato salad, 702 lbs. Limburger cheese, 700 pigtails, 400 pickled pigs feet.
The Beer
There will be plenty of Marzen on tap as many of Cincy's best breweries, and many great out-of-town breweries, bring in their trucks to serve the masses. If you're a fan of the Oktoberfest style lager, don't miss out on some of the hard to find versions. As always, drink responsibly and make sure you've got a ride home if you need one.
Every year, we hear about the latest oil spills, pipeline explosions and pollution…but we rarely see how people and environment are impacted over time. Public Herald is embarking on a new series to investigate the environmental legacy of fossil fuel in America and solutions for cleaning it up. We begin in Aliceville, Alabama.
Ongoing efforts to clean up an Alabama oil spill are under scrutiny after a train carrying 2.7 million gallons of North Dakota Bakken crude oil exploded, spilling into wetlands just outside the town of Aliceville. Photojournalist John Wathen captured video of cleanup efforts one week after the November 7th derailment, and the footage prompts questions about the efficacy of methods being used.
Train carrying crude oil from North Dakota wrecks and spills into wetlands near Aliceville, Alabama. (Photo: John Wathen)
Wathen wasn't the only citizen responder in Aliceville. They were joined by Scott Smith, who's visited major oil spills across the globe to deploy their biodegradable technology, OPFLEX, that can absorb oil and other toxins from polluted water. Wathen and Smith tried to reach the wetland to assess the damage and help stop the oil from moving downstream. But they no sooner were turned away by railroad personnel and threatened with the FBI. Railroad spokesperson Michael Williams wouldn't confirm or deny the FBI's involvement and redirected Public Herald to the Bureau.
The footage captured by Wathen shows clean up workers spraying what appears to be water into the oil spill.
After seeing Wathen's footage, Smith wrote to the railroad company, Genesee & Wyoming, to express their concerns about the methods being used to clean up the spill:
It appears from the photos sent to me that water is being used to spray down the oil in the wetlands surrounding Aliceville, AL. There are much better options to remove the oil and help prevent further damage to the wetlands. If it rains anytime soon, there is little doubt that the oil in the water will spread downstream and things can be done now to prevent this.
Smith believes their own technology may be one better way. After the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, Smith sold BP over 2 million square feet of OPFLEX for cleanup. OPFLEX is an open-celled, sponge-like material modeled after the human lung and sometimes takes the shape of eelgrass to absorb oil and other toxins from polluted water both on and below the surface.
Scott Smith, inventor of OPFLEX, deploys their “eel grass” boom into an oily creek. (Photo: Joshua Pribanic)
According to Genesee & Wyoming spokesperson Michael Williams, the spray method revealed in Wathen's footage is “a process used to corral the oil within the containment booms prior to skimming.” However, workers appear to be spraying away from booms in some instances and towards unprotected shorelines. Smith believes the workers are actually using an outdated, defunct “dilution is the solution to pollution” method.
U.S. EPA Region IV, who responded to the spill, was not available for initial comment about the spraying.
Workers spraying oil at the train wreck and crude spill near Aliceville. (Photo: John Wathen)
According to Smith, when water is sprayed onto a shale oil spill, some toxins mixed with the oil dissolve below the surface of the water. Some of these toxins are naturally-occurring and some are byproducts of the drilling process used to extract Bakken crude, called hydraulic fracturing or fracking, which involves hundreds of chemicals that return to the surface with recovered oil.
Aerial view of cleanup after a Genesee & Wyoming train exploded its crude oil contents into wetlands. (Photo: John Wathen)
Cleanup efforts were led by the United States Environmental Services (USES) and US EPA, according to a Genesee & Wyoming railroad spokesperson. (Photo: John Wathen)
So how are oil spills cleaned up, exactly?
In nearly all oil spills, containment booms are used as floating buffers to try and corral oil resting on the surface of water for skimming. Preventing oil from reaching shore is a major concern, given that oil is virtually impossible to remove from soil. U.S. EPA and industry alike also use absorbent padding at waters edge in order to try and keep the oil off the shore.
When asked about the railroad's cleanup efforts, Williams wrote to Public Herald that “air and water monitoring began on the morning of the derailment, and the site will be remediated.”
The railroad has a top oil-cleanup contractor on site that is experienced with crude oil responses for pipelines, exploration companies, railroads and shipping companies and which has an established working relationship with EPA Region IV and the State of Alabama. The railroad is working closely with the EPA who are on site daily.
Williams later added their “top oil-cleanup contractor” is United States Environmental Services (USES), the same company involved in cleanup efforts of the 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico and others.
Contracted workers from U.S. Environmental Services organize boom for deployment at the Venice, La., staging area Thursday, April 29, 2010. Staging areas have been placed in areas so quick deployment of assets and personnel could be utilized to protect environmentally sensitive areas. (Photo: Marc Morrison, Wikimedia Commons)
Of course, part of remediation involves knowing precisely what's been spilled and how. Though the cleanup and investigation of how the train derailed and exploded in Alabama is ongoing, Williams informed Public Herald that the railway was up and running ten days after the incident and trains carrying Bakken crude are being diverted around Aliceville.
Series of Spills Reveals Crude Trend
Four months before the Alabama spill, Smith visited another oil train disaster in Lac-Mégantic, Quebec, where railcars, also carrying Bakken crude oil, derailed and exploded killing over 40 people and decimating half the town.
In July a train carrying North Dakota crude oil derailed and exploded, burning far hotter than experts expected. (Photo: Steve Poulin/Agence QMI)
CBC News Montreal reported in August that the “U.S. Department of Transportation…authorities were worried prior to the Lac-Mégantic disaster about the transport of oil from North Dakota on trains.” Another CBC News report states that Lac-Megantic investigators found it “unusual for crude oil to burn so fiercely.”
Smith has sampled and tested Bakken crude. According to him, not only is Bakken crude lighter and more volatile than other oils, but no one is testing or “fingerprinting” each shipment before placing it in railcars or pipelines for transport. “The objective is to pump it and load it,” Smith told CBCNews Montreal.
Smith offered their test results to help with Genesee & Wyoming's ongoing investigation. “I have done baseline fingerprinting of Bakken crude oil in its ‘pure form'…This data might help Genesee & Wyoming assess exactly what was in the tankers that exploded.”
Bakken crude is extracted using a controversial drilling process called hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. A Bakken wellhead during fracking. (Photo: Joshua Doubek (2011) Wikimedia Commons)
CBC News also reported tests of Bakken crude by one oil company which showed ten times the amount of benzene in Bakken oil as compared with others, as well as hydrogen sulfide, leading some experts to wonder about the crude's propensity to easily ignite.
Spills Not Uncommon
John Wathen, Hurricane Creekkeeper of international Waterkeeper Alliance. (Photo: Bobbie Deahl)Like Smith, John Wathen has responded to many environmental disasters. As Hurricane Creekkeeper of the international Waterkeeper Alliance, Wathen responded to the 2008 Kingston coal ash disaster in Tennessee and the BP Gulf of Mexico spill in 2010, which won them the honor of being named 2012 River Hero. Their documentation of these incidents gives a close-up look at how spills are handled.
Aliceville is just the latest in a series of spill disasters in North America, topping (for now) a growing list of incidents related to fossil fuel's production, transport, distribution, and waste disposal. Setting aside natural gas facility explosions and coal ash spills, here's a list of some of the oil spill disasters in the United States, or involving U.S. companies, in just the last three years:
This is not a comprehensive list. According to an analysis by EnergyWire, over 17,000 spills were reported between 2010-2012 in the U.S.
‘Best' Method of Transporting Oil
Due to a surge in American fossil fuel production in recent years, oil-by-rail has become an alternative for many companies at a time when pipelines are taboo, crowned in controversy by the Keystone XL. The L.A. Times reported in September that railroads are carrying 25 times more crude oil than they were five years ago.
Genesee & Wyoming's Michael Williams wrote to Public Herald, “Rail is the safest means of ground-freight transportation…As a common carrier, the railroad has a legal obligation to transport these materials.”
Both railways and pipelines can be ‘common carriers' which are legally required to carry all freight, if space allows and fees are paid, and may not refuse unless reasonable grounds exist. Under international law, a common carrier is liable for damage to freight as well, with four exceptions: “An act of nature, an act of the public enemies, fault or fraud by the shipper, [or] an inherent defect in the goods.”
Whether pipelines or railways are ‘safer' for transport of hazardous materials like crude oil is debatable, but writer Russ Blinch gives an interesting analogy:
Looking at pipelines versus rail tankers is really like asking, “Should I drive the car with bad brakes or the one with bad tires?
For those living along routes for transporting hazardous materials, whether by pipe or by rail, it's unlikely anyone's taken time to ask which methods or cleanup technology communities prefer industry use.
Amid all the change surrounding the Los Angeles Chargers, the return of Ken Whisenhunt provides stability for one of the NFL's top offenses in 2016. Still, Whiz believes it can be even more explosive as the Bolts begin plans for the 2017 season.
The offensive coordinator spoke for the first time about teaming up with Head Coach Anthony Lynn, their return to the Bolts and plans for the coming months:
*Chargers.com: *First off, what went into your decision to return to the Chargers in 2017?
*Whisenhunt: *Well, there were a lot of positive things from last season and it was nice seeing some of the younger players step up and grow. Obviously, you have a quarterback like Philip Rivers that makes a big difference. I had known (Head Coach) Anthony (Lynn) and was comfortable with him. We talked about things before in the past, and it felt right. I had other opportunities but this felt right. I am grateful to the Spanos family for having me here, and I certainly feel like I have good relationship with (General Manager) Tom Telesco. So then add in knowing Anthony and what kind of coach they are, what kind of person they are and the opportunity to work with some of the guys I that really respect seemed like a good move.
*Chargers.com: *What has the last month been like working alongside Lynn?
*Whisenhunt: *Fortunately, some of the guys that were on the staff last year got to stay, and there is a lot to be said about continuity. I certainly give Anthony a lot of credit for doing that because we did have some good things happen last year with some of our young guys. Melvin Gordon stepped up, we had a good effort by Hunter Henry and obviously Tyrell (Williams) went over 1,000 yards, which is a pretty big accomplishment. As far as getting to know Anthony, they have been on a whirlwind tour so I haven't really had a chance to see him.
*Chargers.com: *In what ways will the continuity among the offensive staff help going forward?
*Whisenhunt: *I think it is good because normally when there is a change at head coach, everything starts over and there is a lot of work. But for us, a lot of the system is going to stay in place. We will get some input from some good coaches like Anthony who has been an offensive coach, which can help us get better. And there are areas where we do need to get better obviously, like with turnovers. We've got to clean that up. That is the number one thing we have to do, and we also have to be more efficient in the red zone. But there were a lot of positive things we want to build off of and tweak. For most of the season we were in the top five in scoring in the league, and to think if we can continue to build off of that and get even better, maybe we can end up like the Falcons.
*Chargers.com: *Melvin Gordon emerged as a top running back last year scoring 12 touchdowns and making the Pro Bowl. Most look at their rushing yards, but they really improved in all phases. What stood out to you about Melvin?
*Whisenhunt: *The big question about Melvin coming out of college was they one dimensional? You knew they were a very talented football player but what kind of receiver could they be? Could they hold up in pass protection in the NFL? What Melvin did last year not only solidified the fact that they are a tremendous runner, but they went a long way to show that they can be a three down back.  They are very effective in some of the screens and check downs. They did a much better job in pass protection, too. They will get more opportunities for big plays, but we obviously don't want Melvin taking as many snaps as they did last year. They shouldered the burden of some of our guys being injured at that position like Danny (Woodhead), Branden (Oliver), Dexter McCluster; the list goes on and on. What he's done is established that they can do it and be effective. Melvin technically didn't have 1,000 yards, but they (essentially is) a 1,000 yard rusher and if they don't get injured, they probably end with 1,300 yards. The next step for them is, do they want to take it to the next level? Do they want to be one of the guys who can be one of the top backs in the league? They showed in stretches that they can, but now they have to continue to build on it.
*Chargers.com: *Joey Bosa has gotten a lot of buzz for their rookie year, and rightfully so, but Hunter Henry had a really big impact in their first year as well. They led all NFL tight ends with eight touchdown catches, and I know the team is really high on him. What is it about Hunter that makes them a special player?
*Whisenhunt: *It is hard for a young guy to come into the NFL and play that position, especially in an offense like this where there are so many things to do. To be proficient in run blocking, as a passer, as a movement guy in the backfield, out in space and so on. There were a lot of indications from them at Arkansas that they could do it, but give them credit for actually doing it as a rookie. A big part of it goes to Antonio Gates and how they worked with Hunter. There was good chemistry between those two. Hunter developed into an outstanding young tight end prospect and they have the chance to be one of the top players at their position because they can do so many things. They can block, they can catch, they are very productive in the red zone and they have the right mentality for work. They want to get better. They were outstanding. Tom and those guys did a tremendous job with the first two picks in Joey and Hunter because they knocked it out of the park.
*Chargers.com: *You mentioned turnovers being the number one issue the offense needs to improve. Philip Rivers had another strong season, making the Pro Bowl and recording one of their highest touchdown totals. Yet they led the league in interceptions. Looking back at the tape, what were the reasons for those interceptions?
*Whisenhunt: *Let's face it; there were a number of injuries to skill position guys. Guys that were important to them like Danny, Branden and Keenan Allen. When you lose that, there is a little bit of a timing thing you have to get used to. During the latter part of the year, we were so banged up that we were pressing, trying to make plays and sometimes those types of interceptions happen. But you look at where we were midseason, there was talk of Philip being an MVP candidate because of the way they played. So I think part of it was a function of losing players and being injured and pressing, trying to carry the football team because they are such a special player. But, we obviously have to be better at that. They had a couple games where they had a lot of picks, and some of them were ugly. Those are the things we have to clean up. There were a couple of throws where they just threw them up (then) down the field trying to make a play, and those are the things we have to eliminate. As a quarterback, you are always going to have interceptions because there are tight windows and you have to fit the ball in there. But Philip, they are one of the best in the league, if not ever, at seeing it and making throws. So the ones that we gave up, the ones that we just didn't make the good throws on, those are the ones we need to get better at.
*Chargers.com: *With Tyrell Williams breaking out last season, and now getting Keenan Allen back, even though it is only February, how often do you find yourself scheming up ways to play them off each other?
This year's April issue of Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Magazine announced on Monday that manga creator Sankaku Head will launch a three-chapter manga in the May issue on April 6. All three chapters, a total of 26 pages, will launch at the same time.
The manga will be a completely new work with the theme "nostalgic." The preview image shows a blue-haired girl with a PlayStation-themed skirt, a Tamagotchi headband, and an original Game Boy.
The magazine also noted that Sankaku Head's Himouto Umaru-chan manga has 2.7 million copies in print. Sankaku Head launched the manga in Weekly Young Jump in 2013 (after running an earlier two-chapter Himōto! Umaru-chan! version in Miracle Jump in 2012). Shueisha published the ninth volume (pictured at right) on November 18, and will publish the manga's 10th compiled volume with an original anime DVD (OAD) on April 19.
The manga inspired the Akita Imokko! Ebina-chan , Himouto! Umaru-chan S , and Himouto! Umaru-chan SS spinoff manga. Himouto! Umaru-chan SS ended on February 28.
A television anime adaptation of Himōto! Umaru-chan premiered in July 2015, and Crunchyroll streamed the series as it aired. Sentai Filmworks licensed the series and will release it with an English dub.
Update: Added preview image of new manga. Source: Comic Natalie
Same-sex couples will soon be able to marry in Austria, thanks to a ruling by the country's supreme court that a 2009 law allowing for “registered partnerships” but not marriage was discriminatory.
The ban on same-sex marriage will come to an end with the start of 2019, or earlier should Austrian parliament decide to lift it sooner.
“The resulting discriminatory effect is seen in the fact that…people living in same-sex partnerships have to disclose their sexual orientation even in situations, in which it is not and must not be relevant, and…are highly likely to be discriminated against,” the court ruling stated.
The conservative People's Party (OVP) and the far-right Freedom Party are in negotiations to form a government following October's national election, and while both oppose marriage equality it is still expected to go through.
The OVP, who's leader Sebastian Kurz is expected to be sworn in as chancellor, has said it will accept the ruling.
“Today is a truly historic day,” said lawyer Helmut Graupner, who represented the two women who brought the challenge before the court.
“We are very happy,” said The Homosexual Initiative Vienna (HOSI) chairperson Christian Hoegl. “We want to use the opportunity for a renewed call for a fundamental reform of marriage.”
This Story Filed Under
Active vents from Earth's Lost City hydrothermal vents could be similar to features found in the ocean of Enceladus.
Saturn's intriguing moon Enceladus could resemble Earth's "Lost City," a network of hydrothermal vents in the Atlantic Ocean where life survives despite cold and darkness.
Earth is the only planet in the solar system with liquid water on its surface, but many of the solar system's moons and dwarf planets seem to hide their oceans beneath their crust. Saturn's moon Enceladus, on the other hand, isn't content to keep things underground; large gashes at the moon' South Pole spurt liquid from the interior into space. The access provided by these vents makes it a tempting spot for scientists hoping to search for signs of life outside of Earth.
"We want to use chemistry as our guide to looking for signs of life," said Christopher Glein, a research scientist at the Southwest Research Institute in Texas. Glein discussed the history of human understanding of Enceladus last month at the 228th American Astronomical Society meeting in San Diego, California. There, they compared that moon's undersea environment to the Lost City hydrothermal field in the Atlantic Ocean, where hot water bursts from the ocean floor and life thrives in the otherwise desolate depths. [Saturn's Geyser Moon Enceladus Amazes in Final Flyby Photos]
"Is there life beyond Earth?" Glein asked. "Our generation is now poised to begin to tackle and search for some answers."
A species of deep-sea coral thrives in the depths near Earth's Lost City vents. Similar vents on Saturn's moon Enceladus could also create homes for life to evolve and survive. (Image: © Institute for Exploration, University of Rhode Island Institute for Archaeological Oceanography, University of Washington, Lost City science party and NOAA)
"Candy to life"
When NASA's Voyager 2 mission flew by Enceladus in 1981, it revealed terrains far smoother than the rocky satellites seen before. The polished landscape suggested that something unusual was happening on Enceladus. But it wasn't until NASA's Cassini mission caught a glimpse of plumes spurting from the southern pole that scientists realized just how unusual the moon is. Today, scientists have identified 101 individual jets shooting out from the large "tiger stripe" fissures at the southern pole, which average 80 miles (130 kilometers) long (a significant stretch of the moon's surface).
At first, scientists thought the water feeding the tiger stripes came from a small sea beneath them. In 2015, Cassini's gravitational data revealed that the tiny moon instead housed a global ocean under its entire surface. The bright plumes carried tiny particles of water-ice mixed with water vapor from beneath the surface, Glein said. But the real mystery was what else the stripes might carry.
No one expected Enceladus to spurt samples into space, so Cassini didn't carry any instruments designed to sample the plumes. But the team found a way to use the instruments they did have to study some of the material, and so they guided the spacecraft to dive through the plumes and taste their chemistry.
"What we found was truly remarkable," Glein said.
Cassini discovered salts, which couldn't have come from a slowly melting ice source.
"A liquid ocean that rapidly flash freezes — that does the job," Glein said.
Cassini also revealed that the plumes had a pH of 11.12, making them more basic than acidic. In comparison, Earth's rainwater ranks at 5.6 and seawater around 8. Glein put the plumes' pH in the domain of cleaning agents like Windex.
"It's not quite to drain cleaner, but it's getting there," they said.
One way to raise the pH, and heat the plumes in the process, is the process of serpentinization, which occurs when liquid water reacts with magnesium- and iron-rich minerals. The changed rocks, often green, are loaded with bases, and can lead to a rise in pH, Glein said. Although such rocks are rare on the surface, they can be found tucked away in the mantle or in collections of rocks and minerals on the seafloor.
One of the most famous sites of serpentinization is Earth's Lost City, a collection of hydrothermal vents near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. First identified in 2000, the vents are heated primarily by the changing rocks rather than by mantle beneath the surface. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, serpentinization can raise temperatures as high as 260 degrees Celsius (550 degrees Fahrenheit), and drives the hydrothermal system of the Lost City.
In addition to providing heat, the Lost City's vents spout methane- and hydrogen-rich fluids to the surface, and are thriving environments for life.
"Hydrogen is like candy to microorganisms," Glein said. And the vents are "just packed with minerals," they added —the combination of chemical, biological and geological processes makes spots like the Lost City vents prime sites for life to have evolved. If Enceladus boasts similar vents powered by a process like serpentinization, life could originate there, as well, Glein said.
The best evidence for vents on the tiny moon comes from farther away, in Saturn's E ring, which is where material ejected from Enceladus can end up. Material from the plumes easily escapes the moon's gravity, which is only 1 percent of Earth's, and falls around the ringed planet. Samples of the ring material revealed silicate particles that scientists traced back to the moon. According to Glein, vents in a subsurface ocean could produce similar silicates.
That doesn't quite cinch the case, though. "We have evidence of hydrothermal vents, but we haven't found the hydrogen yet," Glein said.
The results of Cassini's final deep dive through the plumes are still being analyzed, but Glein said they anticipate submitting the research in the next few months. [NASA Reveals Best-Ever Maps of Saturn's Icy Moons (Photos)]
The dramatic fractures on the surface of Enceladus known as tiger stripes provide direct access to the ocean beneath. (Image: © NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute)
"One of the great mysteries"
Before Cassini arrived at Saturn, scientists thought Enceladus was too small to maintain water in a liquid state, so the plumes came as a surprise. Exactly how the moon keeps its water liquid remains uncertain.
"There's a serious energy crisis on Enceladus," Glein said, referring to the energy required to keep that water liquid. "It's one of the great mysteries of planetary science moving forward."
Since Cassini first identified the geysers on the small moon, scientists have tried to identify how water remains liquid instead of freezing to ice. One possibility is that the interior of the moon is heated as Saturn tugs and releases it. Another option is that the ocean contains some form of antifreeze, rather than pure water. Chemical reactions between the ocean and the rock, like the serpentinization described above, could also produce the necessary heat.
Enceladus is a tiny moon. With an average radius of 156 miles (252 km), it's only about one-seventh the size of Earth's largest satellite. According to Glein, that makes the moon the smallest geologically active body in the solar system, and the only one to boast water-based cryovolcanism, where icy liquid instead of hot lava oozes from the crust. Coming from such a small world, the eruptions are enormous.
"We don't have volcanic eruptions on Earth that span over an entire Earth diameter," Glein said.
Saturn's satellite is far less dense than the moon or Earth, with roughly half its material consisting of water. Enceledus' icy exterior makes it incredibly reflective.
"If it was our moon, it would be blindingly bright in the sky," Glein said.
The southern hemisphere may not be the only place to ever house plumes, Glein said Geological mapping of the moon's northern latitudes suggests relics of gashes similar to the tiger stripes in the south, they said. As the liquid water freezes, it could close off one set of stripes and open others.
Referring to a famous geyser at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming, they said, "I think Old Faithful has finally met its match in Cold Faithful."
Follow Nola Taylor Redd on Twitter @NolaTRedd or Google+. Follow us at @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
A Belgian draft Horse named Fred has been hired to attach a fiber optic cable to a utility pole in East Burke, Vermont.
Fairpoint Communication hired Claude Desmarais and their horse Fred to pull fiber optic cable through difficult terrain. The company is working on to bring high speed internet to all Vermont by 2013.
Vermont is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States of America.
Its population according to the 2010 census, 630,337, is the second smallest in the country, larger only than Wyoming.
The United States has over 67.7 million people subscribed to the top broadband providers, which account for 94% of the market.
In 2008, over 5.4 million high speed Internet subscribers were added, compared to 8.5 million in 2007 according to Leichtman Research Group Press Release that has been tracking the broadband industry.
The market's peak subscriber additions were acquired in 2006 with 10.4 million; the slowed growth can be attributed to increased market penetration.
In March 2009, broadband penetration in active Internet user US homes dropped to 93.13%, it was the second consistent fall from its peak of 93.38% in January 2009.
Also Read: Amazing Photos of 'Crystal Cave' in Russia [PHOTOS]
New Zealand water could be the next big export to China and one of the companies that has just jumped in for a slice of the pie is none other than Oravida.
The company is only paying a small amount to the council for the millions of litres it can take.
Stone Shi and Julia Xu are the brains behind Oravida, and part of Prime Minister John Key's delegation in Beijing.
They're now exporting Kiwi water to China as a premium product.
"It has been filtered for many many years, and through the filtration process it carries a lot of great minerals for bodies," Ms Xu says.
The pair's close personal ties to Judith Collins caused a huge political controversy in 2014.
They've now expanded from Scampi and milk, to water from a plant in the Bay of Plenty it bought for an undisclosed sum last year.
Oravida has a consent to 146 million litres of ground water a year and the regional council says Oravida pays an annual compliance charge of around $500.
Oravida markets the water at $1.60 a litre, meaning if all 146 million litres were sold it could be worth $233 million a year.
"The right to draw water is determined by the local council," Ms Xu says.
The Prime Minister says water could be the next big thing, saying the market is "potentially huge".
It's huge because of New Zealand's clean, green image, which Oravida is using as a key selling point.
The Government's official line is that nobody owns water -- but if you get a consent, it costs so little compared with the profits to be made.
Newshub.
The governing B.C. Liberal Party says it has nothing to apologize for after a Globe and Mail investigation found that lobbyists are illegally funnelling money to the party on behalf of corporate and special interests.
"We have done nothing wrong, we have nothing to hide," Deputy Premier Rich Coleman told reporters in Victoria.
However, in response to an Elections B.C. investigation of potential contraventions of fundraising laws, the party is issuing new warnings to its political donors against making indirect contributions.
Story continues below advertisement
Globe Investigation: British Columbia: The 'wild west' of fundraising
Related: Elections B.C. probes Liberal Party fundraising
The opposition New Democrats are also conducting a review to determine whether any of their donations violated the law.
The online fundraising page for the B.C. Liberals now includes a disclaimer, which will also be added to the party's contribution forms, stating: "The Election Act prohibits individuals from being reimbursed for a political contribution by a company, organization, or other individual. Any donation using your personal credit card must be a personal contribution from you."
The change comes just 65 days before the next provincial election, and after the B.C. Liberals reaped $12.4-million last year in contributions through lucrative cash-for-access fundraisers, including small, private dinners with Premier Christy Clark for $10,000 a plate or more.
Ms. Clark was not available for comment on Monday, but Mr. Coleman said it is up to donors to ensure they stay on the right side of the law.
"The people who are buying or donating to whatever political party in B.C., they have to follow the law and they need to know the law when they are making a donation," said Mr. Coleman, one of the party's key fundraisers. "For us to somehow reverse-audit that I think is pretty hard, I don't think we'd have the resources for that."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Elections B.C. launched an investigation into indirect political contributions and other potential contraventions of the Election Act as a result of a Globe and Mail report. The probe will look at tens of thousands of dollars in multiple donations made by power brokers such as Mark Jiles and Byng Giraud, who paid under their own names with personal credit cards. Both registered lobbyists acknowledged to The Globe they were buying Liberal fundraising tickets on behalf of their clients and companies and being reimbursed, which is against the law.
The agency says it may forward matters to the Criminal Justice Branch if it appears that the Election Act has been contravened.
With only two weeks likely remaining in the legislative session before this spring's election campaign gets under way, the governing Liberals have promised to introduce a bill that would provide up-to-date reports on campaign contributions.
NDP Leader John Horgan told reporters on Monday that the promised enhanced transparency will do nothing to close the door on cash-for-access fundraisers that have allowed the B.C. Liberals to stuff their campaign war chest.
"It's the influence that money is having on policy decisions that troubles British Columbians," Mr. Horgan said. They added that they have asked their party officials to review the past three years' worth of donations to determine if the NDP wrongly received money, but they said they were not too worried that it has been improperly enriched.
"This is not about the practices of the parties. It's about a government that doesn't see this ethical blind spot, and that is, they are taking massive amounts of money from people who need government decisions made in their favour," Mr. Horgan told reporters.
Story continues below advertisement
The New Democrats were not alone in pressing the B.C. Liberal government to reform political fundraising.
Independent MLA Vicki Huntington called on the government to adopt a bill they have proposed that would limit the size of contributions people can make – a measure adopted in other provinces, including Ontario, Quebec and Alberta. "My legislation would also ban cash-for-access events and corporate and union donations, but only a hard cap would have stopped these lobbyists in their tracks," they said.
The advocacy group Democracy Watch criticized B.C.'s Chief Electoral Officer for "negligent" enforcement of the political donation rules, and said anyone found to have concealed lobbyist donations should be prosecuted.
The Registrar of Lobbyists is also calling for more stringent controls to ensure the public can see how government arrives at its decisions. "We want to bring lobbying out of the shadows," deputy registrar Jay Fedorak said in an interview. They noted that lobbyists have no code of conduct in B.C., and the registry has little authority. "We want the public to know who is lobbying whom," they said.
B.C. Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver said the RCMP should handle the investigation because they would have greater powers to access information. "It's shocking what is going on … We'd expect this in a tin-pot dictatorship in some island state in the middle of nowhere. This is B.C."
Mayra Ramirez scored an A in driver's education this year, but sitting through the 10-week class felt like a bad joke to the Curie Metropolitan High School sophomore.
Ramirez is blind. They know she's never going to drive. They can think of a lot of things she'd rather be studying than rules of the road, but they didn't have a choice.
Chicago Public Schools requires all sophomores to take the class and pass a written road-rules exam--a graduation requirement that affects about 30 blind and visually impaired students in specialized programs at Curie and Payton College Preparatory High.
"In other classes, you don't really feel different because you can do the work other people do," said Ramirez, 16. "But in driver's ed, it does give us the feeling we're different. In a way, it brought me down, because it reminds me of something I can't do."
State law requires that all districts offer driver's education, but does not mandate it as a graduation requirement. For the hundreds of high schools that do, there should be some exemption option for disabled students who cannot drive, a state education official said.
"It defies logic to require blind students to take this course ... and waste their academic time," said Meta Minton, spokesperson for the Illinois State Board of Education.
Chicago's public schools have no such exemption. That is something the Curie and Payton students are pushing to change, through an advocacy program at the Blind Service Association.
District officials said Thursday that they would be willing to consider a change in the policy and give students the opportunity to earn credits in another course.
By law, any parent can ask for a change in a disabled student's individualized education plan, or IEP, which could exempt a student from driver's education as a graduation requirement. But this option is rarely, if ever, outlined to blind students in Chicago, who are told that they have to take the class if they want to graduate, students and teachers said.
"I can't explain why up to this point no one has raised the issue and suggested a better way for visually impaired students to opt out of driver's ed," said school system spokesperson Michael Vaughn. "They have to make a really strong case for modifying their IEP because we want the students to take a full course load. But [blindness] ... is a compelling reason."
The advocacy project surfaced last month, when mentor Mazen Istanbouli asked the students if there was any because they would like to champion in their community or school. Nearly every teen mentioned something about the driver's ed class--a requirement that floored the adults who work routinely with blind teens. Although some suspected money might be a motivation in the policy, that doesn't look likely; school districts only get about $30 from the state for each student who completes the classroom portion of driver's education. Chicago doesn't offer behind-the-wheel driver training or simulators.
Istanbouli, a DePaul University professor who is blind, met Thursday with about 25 students from the two schools to outline the issue and discuss what they can do to change it, including writing letters to school and political leaders.
"I hear all of you are going to be our future drivers," said Istanbouli, a greeting that sparked laughter around the room.
Not every student thought the class was a waste, but all agreed that it should be an option for students with disabilities that make it impossible for them to drive. The students also questioned why the district can't modify the class to make it more meaningful for those interested in the subject. Study guides are not routinely printed in Braille or large type, and many key lessons are presented on video.
For Teniya Booker, 17, who lost their sight after they were shot at age 3, the class proved to be one more struggle in an already challenging class load. The Curie junior said they went to school feeling ill because they were worried about flunking the class if they missed more than three days. And they only passed because one of their special education teachers translated some material into Braille.
"Why should we have to memorize how a street sign looks when we are never going to see them while driving?" Booker wrote in a letter to Ald. Howard Brookins Jr. (21st).
Payton teacher Douglas Anzlovar told the students that this issue isn't new or confined to Chicago. As the only visually impaired student at tiny Putnam County High in Downstate Illinois in the mid-1990s, Anzlovar never thought to enroll in driver's ed. Nine weeks before graduation, however, school officials noticed the omission and questioned whether Anzlovar should be allowed to graduate. But in the end, reason prevailed and the district waived the requirement.
One teacher argued that the lessons aren't a waste of time.
"I don't think you can ever get enough traffic safety ... and we do a lot on how to make good decisions," said Brent Johnston, a Hinsdale South High School teacher and a chairperson of the Illinois High School/College Driver's Education Association. "Still, this shouldn't be the school's decision; it should be mom and dad's decision. A little common sense would go a long way."
----------
tdell'angela@tribune.com
Elections have consequences.
I really, really despised GWB. I still disagree with so much that their 8 years brought this country, but they were not DJT. Can you , any of you imagine any of us saying Bush makes sense 4 years ago? Can you imagine any of us saying this two years ago?
The man has lost the title of The Worst President Ever. They had bad policies. They had wrong way ideas on war. They had wrong ideas on keeping the country safe BUT they were 1000 X better than this orange thing we have in power today. GWB was not a man of great intellect. Bush was not a great thinker or orator. They were a man with some idea of what time of day it was and not a full fledged dictator in the making. They surrounded themselves with some bad folks but my God when Dick Cheney starts making sense, regarding abuse of power then it is time for people to wake the hell up.
Trump will make Bush's legacy a success. That you can take to the bank. I turned my back on GWB when they appeared at a children's hospital. I have no idea what I would do if I had the unfortunate experience of seeing old Orange one. I am pretty sure I would be arrested for hurting their thin skin with my freedom of speech. I hope I never ever have to face the day when I have to make a decision of what to do when I am put in a position to come face to face with him. I knew what to do with GWB as president when accidentally having to be in lock down with them at Emory/Eglestons before 911. I just can't imagine the entourage and nightmare of being in the same room with Orange. I shudder to think of that position.
Mr. Bush, you were not a great president but I can honestly say, I wish you had been the worst we ever got. What we have today is beyond reasonable thinking and frankly scares me because the WORST PRESIDENT is unstable in all ways.
This is Bush being interviewed. I literally had to hold back tears. We will defeat this Orange thing and their buddies. That wooden horse and the people that rode into 1600 Pa, Avenue I hope will be tried for treason. Bush may have claimed to see inside Putin's soul. The Orange one is claiming to be Putin's soul mate.
www.today.com/…
I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy. We needed the media to hold people like me to account," Bush told TODAY in an exclusive interview. "Power can be very addictive and it can be corrosive, and it's important for the media to call to account people who abuse their power."
Dedicated to DJT..
As an attendee of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft could recall, one could feel chills down their spine Florida Panthers General Manager Dale Tallon took to the podium to announce who they were going to draft with the 11th overall selection. Not since the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs has there been so much excitement in South Florida and the noise level at the BB&T Center was through the roof. When Dale Tallon handed the mic off to Bill Torrey, the cheers started to grow louder and when Lawson Crouse was announced as the latest edition to the Florida Panthers, nothing was stopping the standing room only crowd of Panthers fans to cheer on the hometown team on nailing another potentially successful draft choice.
The point being, Lawson Crouse is now a Florida Panther and Panthers fans should be excited for what's to come.
Throughout social media, fans were split on the decision that the Florida Panthers have made. Many fans were behind the potential drafting of Mikko Rantanen, but the decision was changed to “draft the best player available”. And that player is Lawson Crouse.
Dale Tallon had this to say regarding the drafting of Crouse:
“We are thrilled to have selected Lawson in front of our fans at BB&T Center,” said Tallon. “He is a strong, skilled and physically mature forward who possesses excellent character and led Kingston in points last season. Lawson is another building block for our team and we are confident that they will fit well with our young core of talented players that includes Aleksander Barkov, Nick Bjugstad, Aaron Ekblad and Jonathan Huberdeau. We look forward to their continued growth and contributions to our team and the South Florida community.”
Lawson Crouse met with the media following their selection and had this to say:
“It was a special thing,” said Crouse of their thunderous welcome to South Florida. “When I was up on stage and they were cheering…it's something I can't even explain. I couldn't be happier to be a Florida Panther.” “I'm a big player. I like to play tough and I like to play strong,” said Crouse. “I excel in the defensive zone and chip in on offense when I can. I pride myself in doing the little things well. I think that's what makes me stand out as a hockey player.” “I love to hit. I'm a very physical player. I don't mind a fight either.”
One of the hardest working players in the draft, Crouse led the OHL's Kingston Frontenacs in goals (29) and points (51). A solid penalty killer, Crouse likes to compare themselves to Milan Lucic. Crouse is a physical player who doesn't mind dropping the gloves to defend their teammates. In addition, Crouse possesses a strong two-way game with good offensive awareness and a high hockey IQ.
Future Considerations had this to say about Lawson Crouse's game:
“A big-bodied forward who gives opposing defenses headaches with their effort on the forecheck…tough to contain with their huge frame and strength…impossible to separate from the puck and consistently is successful winning pucks and generating scoring chances through their hard work…moves the puck well with good vision and passing skill…a strong net-front presence… has decent speed for their size, though they could improve their quickness…plays hard on defense; forces plays and takes away angles…uses their size to play physical, including laying some devastating hits…is a moose along the wall down low…tremendous potential going forward. (August 2014)”
Take a look over at Last Word On Sports for some positive and negative notes regarding Crouse:
“Was part of Team Canada's Ivan Hlinka winning squad this summer leading the team with 6 goals in 5 games. They have followed that up by making the World Junior Team and playing an important defensive role on the fourth line and penalty kill. Others have Crouse slightly higher than I do, and while I like them enough to have them in the top 10, and he's a very complete player, I'm just not convinced about their high-end offensive upside right now. Don't get me wrong, I think they can be a top 6 forward at the next level, there are just some questions about whether or not Crouse has enough offensive potential to be a first line player. They have 18 goals and 28 points in 36 games for Kingston so far this year. At 6'4″ and 212 pounds Crouse is a budding power forward. They have a powerful skating stride, but could work on their first step and acceleration. That good power allows them to fight through checks and get to the net. They love to get in the forecheck, and finishes their hits along the boards.  They are very good in protecting the puck in the cycle and has the soft hands and can bang in goals from the front of the net. Lawson Crouse is also an excellent penalty killer, and has excellent defensive instincts. If they can show some more offense down the stretch, they could rise rapidly on my final rankings.“
One takeaway from the comments above: Benn Kerr's main criticism is aimed towards Lawson Crouse's offensive gain, claiming that it can be questionable due to the left wing's underwhelming stats (51 points | 56 games). In Crouse's defense, the Kingston Frontenacs are one of the more defensive teams in the league. Another thing to note: while teammate Sam Bennett was out for a majority of the season, Crouse scored 22 goals. When Bennett returned from injury, Crouse only scored 7 goals for the rest of the season. Crouse's role deceased due to the return of Bennett, in addition to being paired with less talented linemates.
Now Panthers fans must be asking, where is Lawson Crouse going to fit in the lineup going forward? Nick Bjugstad's wingers rotated every 5-10 games, as they never gained perfect chemistry with any winger aside from Jonathan Huberdeau. One would think that the 6'6 Bjugstad would mesh well with 6'4 Crouse. Add Jaromir Jagr to that line in a mentoring role to both players, and you have yourself a solid second line. As for when they can play in the NHL, it is expected that Crouse could make an impact as soon as next year. They clearly have the size (6'4, 215 lbs.), in addition to their ability to “throw logs into the fire”, as them and their father love to say.
Lawson Crouse is a solid addition to the Florida Panthers. While they were not the pick that Florida Panthers fans expected, Crouse could end up being a home run in the long run. The solid two-way player is an excellent penalty killer, in addition to possessing a solid offensive game. Look for Crouse to start their road to the NHL next week (June 29th – July 2nd) at the Panthers Ice Den, as the team will hold their annual development camp.
Thanks for reading! We appreciate any feedback and would welcome your opinions in the comments section below.
Advertisements
Secularization theory attempted to expose religion as a myth, but the tables have turned.
Nietzsche, Marx, and Freud–collectively called the Masters of Suspicion–supposedly wreaked havoc on Christian belief during the early and mid-20th century. This left theologians such as Hans Kung (the man who only writes books with question marks in the title) scrambling to appropriate their supposedly secular insights about metaphysics (Nietzsche), collective life (Marx), and the individual (Freud) in books such as Does God Exist?.
The notion that Christian belief is naïve, rather than skeptical, is still operative in the intellectual mainstream. I've listened to several interviews with Ta-Nehisi Coates, author of the fascinating bestseller on race relations, Between the World and Me. The last one was a conversation at the New York Public Library: Ta-Nehisi Coates on Theft, Atheism, and History, where they rehash their standard argument against religion. They see religion as only a pie-in-the sky coping mechanism that makes you lazy about achieving justice in the present world. Coates ignores the subversive possibility that all of Christianity might not be the feel-good American Protestantism he's right to criticize.
Terry Eagleton's Faith, Reason, and Revolution is probably the best riposte to such old modernist arguments against religion as a coping mechanism. If anything, the Christian tradition is the ultimate source of the kind of righteous outrage we see from the author of Between the World and Me.
My series on sex and secularization–whose most popular installment is, for some inexplicable reason, Why is the Catholic Experience of Sex so Different from the Protestant Experience of Sex?–picks up on the work I did on secularization theory while preparing for my doctoral dissertation.
My extensive research taught me that the secularization theory is falling apart, and that many of the critiques of religion are themselves religious, what's more these critiques can be just as well, if not better, applied to secular positions. I've developed these insights in several posts on the secular mythology through the years:
I confess I've become an immense podcast addict over the last couple of years commuting to work. The CBC Ideas series is one of the best things around in the podcast world.
By the way, would anyone be interested in a TOP10 or TOP20 podcast list? Let me know in the comments.
Anyway, rediscovering in-depth interviews with some of the authors from my PhD reading lists, through the CBC Ideas The Myth of the Secular show, is what led me to the series on secularization that, for now, seems to have reached its zenith with Famous Atheists Who Aren't Atheist: Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg and Desecularization.
What follows over the next few pages are links to the 7-part series, The Myth of the Secular, along with the podcast descriptions (gems of compressed insights in themselves), and links to the relevant books [SUGGESTED READING based upon authors interviewed and discussed in the series: Rethinking Secularism by Calhoun; Secularism and Its Critics by Barghava; On Secularization by Martin; A Secular Age by Taylor; The Politics of Piety by Mahmood; Political Theology by Schmitt; Political Theology: Four New Chapters by Kahn; Why I Am Not a Secularist by Connolly; and Theology and Social Theory: Beyond Secular Reason by Milbank].
I hope you'll find it as useful, informative, and demythologizing as I have. The following episode descriptions tell a great deal of the story, even if you don't have time to listen to nearly seven hours of world-class programming . . .
Please open your hymnals to page 69, where you'll find a new Blink-182 song called “Built This Pool.” Doofy guitar riff, Creatine-fueled drums, joyous and juvenile chant of a-WHEE-ooh a-WHEE-ooh. Right, these guys! You love these guys! Who doesn't love these guys? Opening line: “I wanna see some naked dudes / That's why I built this pool,” the word pool stretched out to five syllables. That's the last line, too. The song stops dead. “Is that really it?” someone asks. Yep. That's it. The whole thing is 17 seconds long.
A real ocean of possibility here for a bunch of bratty pop-punk dudes in their 40s — a refreshingly immature approach to maturity. (Also, longtime Schmitts Gay drinkers will be thrilled.) Do a whole 50-track album like this! It's like a Lydia Davis short story, or a ribald hijacking of the old, apocryphal six-word Ernest Hemingway joint. For sale: long pants, never worn. Yes, “Built This Pool” is the best song on Blink-182's new album, California. This is not, necessarily, shade.
These fellas are older than you think (their breakthrough album, Dude Ranch, itself turns 20 next year) and three times as influential: As snotty but quietly sentimental mall punk goes, only Green Day cast a longer shadow, and those dudes got lost on Broadway. It's both shocking and totally unsurprising that, say, Christian Holden, frontman for current Emo Revival darlings the Hotelier, cites Blink's 1999 broad-in-every-sense classic Enema of the State as the record that “kick-started me into pretending a golf club was a guitar.”
It's also the record that started many young millennial gentlemen into pretending an erection was a coherent, profound thought worth expressing. (Each new generation relearns this from somebody else.) Everything you need to know about sensitive dudes with guitars in the 21st century — the mawkish, the juvenile, the ill-advised but irresistible, the outdated but somehow timeless — you can learn from the audacious Enema one-two punch of “Adam's Song” (the sad but anthemic one about suicide) and “All the Small Things” (the dumb but anthemic one about, uh, little people on trampolines). Most baller track-list move of the 20th century. Few bands of their era got bigger, and no big bands of their era were willing to go dumber.
You likely know California as the trio's first record without founding singer-guitarist Tom DeLonge, who is apparently a one-man X-Files episode these days; singer-bassist Mark Hoppus and drummer Travis Barker have subbed in Matt Skiba of Midwestern Warped Tour lifers Alkaline Trio, which is not exactly like a tribute-band singer joining the actual band, but there are similarities. You may also soon know California, which came out Friday, as the savior that finally knocks Drake's Views from atop the Billboard album chart, which would be a blessed goddamn relief. This album is for sure better than Views, at least. It certainly sounds like younger people made it, or older people smart enough to act younger.
It's a calculated regression, see. The band's last record, 2011's full-core-lineup jam Neighborhoods, was a stiff, wayward bid for arena-rock sophistication, a brazen flaunting of Coldplay Thirst where every song feels like it goes on for twice as long as its actual runtime. “After Midnight” still lingers, though, with Barker doing that thing where they smack their high-hat like he's getting paid by the individual sound, while DeLonge (verses) and Hoppus (chorus) combine in the service of something yearning and romantic and (only slightly) adult. If you doesn't accept Blink-182 without all three principals on board, this makes for a fine epitaph, at least until the inevitable classic-lineup reunion tour.
California kicks off with a gentle head-fake from Hoppus — “There's a cynical feeling, saying I should give up / You've said everything you'll ever say” — before the righteous, uncynical guitars and, more notably, Barker's trademark Extra Drums kick in. (He makes, like $850,000 in eight seconds.) And by the time Skiba pops up and howls, “What's the point of sayin' sorry now?”, we've galloped all the way back to the late '90s, or at least the early 2000s. And wow, don't look now, but whatever you were wearing when this song began, you are now wearing Dickies and Vans and a Screeching Weasel T-shirt, and oh, geez, now you are removing these items in deference to the band's worst album-title pun, and this is the band that brought you the album title Enema of the State.
Yes, this is a Back to Our Roots thing, bratty and blaring and jovially terse, full of songs about how West Coast girls are beautiful but also huge pains in the ass: “She's got a black shirt / Black skirt / And Bauhaus stuck in their head,” goes the catchiest part of “She's Out of Them Mind.” This is not something you need, obviously, but it's probably what you want, at least from these clowns. Skiba likely can't replicate the vaunted Hoppus-DeLonge third-grade stage-banter routine, but he's innocuous here, and California has more conventional highlights if you want 'em. “Sober” has cool piano (seriously), and “San Diego,” a barbed ode to the band's humble origins — “I can't sleep / 'Cause what if I dream / Of going back to San Diego?” — works great as a subtweet to both DeLonge and the band's own gracefully aging fan base, which seems to be goading the band into not aging at all. Call it citizen's-arrested development.
It's fun to watch these dudes try and make sense of a confused 2016 rock-band landscape they helped create. I encourage you to revisit the video for their first big hit, 1997's “Dammit,” if only for a glimpse of the band's original, total-normcore drummer, Scott Raynor, who'd soon be displaced by the shirtless, spiky-haired, tatted-up, Tommy Lee–channeling aggro octopus we know and love. Travis Barker might actually be this band's true legacy: The drummer for current bewildering modern-rock darlings Twenty One Pilots certainly owes them a six-pack or three. You look at Barker now and wonder what the words “act your age” even mean. Backward is forward for these guys. California ends with another microsong, “Brohemian Rhapsody” (nice), whose lyrics, in full, are as follows: “There's something about you / That I can't quite put my finger in.” Sure. Great. They're better off this way, and maybe we are, too. Men will be boys.
Monday, 09 October 2006, 11:14
C O N F I D E N T I A L SECTION 01 OF 03 MOSCOW 011316
SIPDIS
SIPDIS
DEPT FOR EUR/RUS
EO 12958 DECL: 10/09/2016
TAGS PGOV, KDEM, PHUM, PREL, RS
SUBJECT: POLITKOVSKAYA'S DEATH SENDS SHOCK WAVES THROUGH
MOSCOW; PROSECUTOR GENERAL TAKES PERSONAL CONTROL OF INVESTIGATION
Classified By: Ambassador William J. Burns. Reasons: 1.4 (b) and (d).
-------
Summary
-------
1. (C) The October 7 murder of internationally-known investigative journalist Anna Politkovskaya has sent shock waves through Moscow. A public demonstration has been held, the co-owner of Novaya Gazeta, the newspaper where Politkovksaya had worked since 1999, is offering a 25 million ruble reward for information leading to the arrest of the culprit(s), the GOR Prosecutor General has taken personal charge of the investigation, and prominent media and political personalities have condemned the murder. Motives are plentiful. Politkovskaya's intrepid work in Chechnya, Beslan, and elsewhere in the North Caucasus earned their many enemies, and commentators here have been quick to point the finger at figures ranging from Chechnya's Prime Minister Ramzan Kadyrov to those interested in seeing President Putin remain at the helm after 2008. The Ambassador has expressed strong U.S. concerns about the case to First Deputy Foreign Minister Denisov and Presidential Human Rights Commissioner Pamfilova and will continue to press the case with the GOR. End summary. ,
----------------
OCTOBER 7 MURDER
----------------
2. (U) Moscow media report that internationally-known investigative journalist Anna Politkovskaya was assassinated late-afternoon October 7 just after entering their apartment building near Belorusskiy train station in Moscow. (Politkovskaya was known for uncompromising work highlighting corruption and human rights violations in the Chechnya war, the Beslan siege, and the Moscow Nord-Ost theater siege.) The lone assassin fired four shots, and dropped the pistol before fleeing the scene. A security camera reportedly caught the blurry image of a man, their face largely concealed by a baseball cap. No one has claimed responsibility. Immediately after the killing, the area surrounding the apartment was cordoned off and key items from Politikovskaya's apartment were removed for analysis for investigators.
3. (U) Prosecutor General Yuriy Chayka has announced that they personally will take control of the investigation because of its importance. Representatives of the Prosecutor's office have removed for analysis Politikovskaya's computer and other items from their office at Novaya Gazeta, where they had worked since 1999. Embassy understands that a number of journalists XXXXXXXXXXXX have already been questioned by the PG's office. To date, no statement has been made about the progress of the investigation. Some of the news media, as of the morning of October 9, were reporting that there had been no progress in identifying the Politkovskaya's assassin. Others reported that fingerprints and other evidence had been found.
4. (SBU) Politkovskaya's assassination has prompted an outpouring of grief and rage in Moscow and elsewhere in Russia. An October 8 demonstration, originally scheduled to protest retributions against Georgians in the wake of the spy scandal in Tbilisi became as well a commemoration to Politkovskaya. (Demonstrations were held in St. Petersburg and Samara, as well.) A crowd of about one thousand attended. Although there were no speeches, prominent human rights and political figures gave interviews to the international and domestic press. XXXXXXXXXXXX. XXXXXXXXXXXX. described the assassination, which occurred on President Putin's 54th birthday, a "direct challenge to the President." XXXXXXXXXXXX saw the killing as a turning point, in which all must choose sides; either to cooperate with the "fascists" or fight against "such scum." There were similarly strong words from XXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXX. Among the signs carried by demonstrators: "Politkovskaya is our Gongadze," "The cannibalistic people in power killed Anna," "Politkovskaya - a great daughter of Russia."
5. (U) Other comments:
MOSCOW 00011316 002 OF 003
-- Moscow Mayor Yuriy Luzhkov released a statement saying they were "deeply outraged and shocked by the fact that an honest journalist, who was also a woman and a mother, had been killed";
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX: "The death of (Politikovskaya) is connected with their work in Chechnya..."
-- Chechnya's Prime Minister Ramzan Kadyrov said they were shocked by Politikovskaya's death, and rejected the assertion that the murder has Chechen fingerprints on it.
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX: "Politikovskaya was number one in political journalism. . .the murder of such a person is a very symbolic event for Russia..."
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX: "The fact that (the murder) occurred on the birthday of President Putin makes it a complicated political provocation. . .It is not clear if it was done by an enemy of Putin, or one of their supporters."
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX in a conversation with Embassy XXXXXXXXXXXX paid tribute to Politkovskaya, "a hero who cannot be replaced."
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX have launched their own investigation of the murder. XXXXXXXXXXXX Duma Deputy Aleksandr Lebedev has offered a 25 million ruble awards for information leading to the rest of the killer;
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX: "conversations about freedom of speech are still just conversations. . .This cynical crime is an echo of the turbulent 90s";
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX: "The (murder) is a political provocation, which may be followed by the murders of other well-known people. . .";
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX: "Politkovskaya was an icon who, we believed, had reached the point where they had transcended danger. XXXXXXXXXXXX guessed that reporters working on Chechnya will be even less likely to report frankly than they have in the past;
-- XXXXXXXXXXXX reported that Moscow-based human rights organizations would be convening soon for a strategy session in the wake of Politkovskaya's murder.
6. (SBU) The mailbox in front of Politkovskaya's apartment on a busy street has been turned into an informal shrine, with flowers and a picture of the journalist. A basket of flowers hangs on the railing in the lobby where Politikovskaya was killed.
------------------
WHY POLITKOVSKAYA?
------------------
7. (C) The assassination of one of Russia's most outspoken journalists and the absence to date of any leads has generated much speculation about possible perpetrators here. Embassy contacts note that Politkovskaya's work had won their many enemies. XXXXXXXXXXXX told Embassy October 8 that the late journalist "constantly" received threats --"by telephone, letter, by e-mail, by SMS." Politkovskaya had become inured to the threats. According to XXXXXXXXXXXX, "she had accepted the possibility that they could be killed at any time, and talked about it very little." The most frequent threats, XXXXXXXXXXXX said, had come from Chechnya Prime Minister "Kadyrov's people" (not necessarily with Kadyrov's knowledge) and the Russian Special Forces, whose brutalities in Chechnya had been exposed by Politkovskaya.
8. (C) There have been at least two criminal cases opened against people who have threatened Politkovskaya in the past, and they were prominent on an "enemies" list maintained by Russian nationalists. In addition, an effort was allegedly made to poison them as they flew to the North Caucasus as the Beslan tragedy was unfolding in 2004. Immediately after Politkovskaya's murder, there was a flurry of speculation that the assassination was linked to an article on the use of torture in Chechnya by troops loyal to Ramzan Kadyrov that Politkovskaya was to have turned over to Novaya Gazeta on
MOSCOW 00011316 003 OF 003
October 8. XXXXXXXXXXXX
9. (C) Among the other, highly speculative theories making the rounds here:
-- according to XXXXXXXXXXXXX (and others), the assassination is a "poisoned gift" for President Putin. It will be used by some to argue that there is a state of emergency, and that the President cannot leave when their term ends in 2008.
-- others theorize that Politkovskaya's death was tied not to Putin's birthday, but to the thirtieth birthday of Chechnya's Premier Ramzan Kadyrov. Politikovskaya's trenchant articles on the conduct of the war in Chechnya had angered Kadyrov and their confederates, the theory has it, and rumors that the pro-Moscow Chechen leadership was to be fingered in the article that was to appear this week had caused someone to intervene. A corollary speculation has it that the assassination might have been engineered by Chechnya's President Alu Alkhanov in order to implicate, and neutralize Kadyrov. A third possibility is that those in Chechnya opposed to Kadyrov's pro-Moscow regime were attempting to use Politkovskaya in order to marginalize Kadyrov.
10. (C) In the more implausible category:
-- others argue that the assassination will be used, like journalist Georgiy Gongadze's death in Ukraine, as a reference point in an effort to foment a Russian "orange" revolution. Still others suggest that their death, which follows on the heels of the assassination of Bank Deputy Chairman Andrey Kozlov, will provide a pretext for still tighter controls in an effort to restore order.
-------------------
THE U.S. CONNECTION
-------------------
11. (SBU) Politikovskaya was a U.S. citizen by birth and U.S. passport holder, although they spent most of their adult life in Russia.
------------
GOR REACTION
------------
12. (C) As noted above, Prosecutor General Yuriy Chayka has taken personal charge of the investigation, and it appears that the authorities are moving quickly to gather evidence. Ambassador has been told (septel) by First Deputy Foreign Minister Denisov that the GOR will issue a statement on October 9. BURNS
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 5/24/2013, page A2)
An article about a labor dispute in the Evergreen School District in San Jose incorrectly reported due to misinformation from a source which activities had been affected. Teachers' refusal to work beyond the prescribed school day caused the districtwide science fair, theater productions and tutoring to be canceled, but after-school sports at middle schools continued under the supervision of either teachers or outside coaches.
SAN JOSE — In the award-winning Evergreen School District, there has been no districtwide science fair this year. At some open houses, administrators this spring opened classrooms for visiting families when teachers didn't show up. On many campuses, theater productions, after-school sports and tutoring have disappeared.
Angry over stalled contract talks, many Evergreen teachers have been “working to rule,” refusing to work beyond the prescribed school day, meaning nothing extracurricular. The district and the Evergreen Teachers Association have been at a bargaining impasse since October, and the union is briefing its members on what to expect in a strike.
For a year, the union and the southeast San Jose district have been negotiating over a contract to replace the one that expired in June. Salaries are only a small issue — despite being a low-revenue district, the Evergreen salary schedule is already toward the top among Santa Clara County districts. However, Evergreen believes that unless it controls ballooning health care costs, it's headed toward insolvency.
The 600-member union insists the stumbling block is the district's unwillingness to tap into reserves.
The insurance issue and tight budget are common to union disputes. The issues are core to teachers, who have forgone cost-of-living increases and shouldered heavier loads during a half-decade of recession. Now, with more money flowing to K-12 schools, many unions say it's time for payback. But districts still worry about fluctuating income and growing costs.
Among other Bay Area districts at impasse, according to the California Teachers Association, are Fremont Unified in Fremont; Millbrae elementary; Bayshore elementary in Daly City; Las Lomitas elementary in Menlo Park; and the San Mateo County Office of Education, whose members have authorized a strike.
In Evergreen, it appears mistrust and resentment have led the sides to dig in, even as a mediator tries to guide them to common ground.
“We're deficit spending at an unsustainable rate,” Superintendent Kathy Gomez said. This school year, the district expects to spend $97.6 million but take in only $91.8 million. Evergreen is one of the few districts in Santa Clara County, they said, that still pays 100 percent of health insurance premiums for both employees and their families. The district proposed capping those contributions at 2011-12 levels.
Health insurance costs will eat into the surplus and drive the district into the red in two years, Gomez said. However, the union says the district is crying wolf. “They've made this claim numerous times,” said teachers union President Brian Wheatley, and financial disaster has never come to pass. They characterized the district's deficit projections as “Chicken Little scenarios that have no basis in reality.”
Evergreen teachers have not had a cost-of-living raise for six years, although they have continued to earn increases for longevity and university credits. They've seen class sizes grow and support services shrink.
“I'm very upset, I'm very angry,” said Jeff Beckley, a sixth-grade teacher at O.B. Whaley Elementary School. “We've given them distinguished schools. We've given them Title I academic achievement schools,” they said, referring to two state awards for public schools. “It hurts our morale to know we are not appreciated.”
That resentment of district ingratitude permeates teacher protests. District officials see the union fanning flames of anger, expressed in sometimes profanity-laced emails and outbursts at board meetings. On May 9, the union staged a mock funeral, with members donning paper tombstones for the death of respect, quality teachers and integrity in Evergreen.
Teachers passed a no-confidence vote on Gomez. The board unanimously reinforced its confidence in them
The district's predictions of a precarious financial future are reinforced by the Santa Clara County Office of Education, which state law charges with fiscal oversight. Because Evergreen suffers from declining enrollment, “revenues will fall more quickly than expenditures, and long-term structural solutions are necessary,” wrote Jason E. Vann, an adviser with the county office, in a letter reaffirming that the district lies in a financial danger zone. They advised that before increasing salaries, benefits or other expenditures, the district needs to ensure ongoing increased revenue.
But with ever-uncertain state funding, that's difficult to do. Gomez said this week that it's not yet known how Gov. Jerry Brown's revised budget proposal, much less the Legislature's final version, would affect the district's offer. The passage of Proposition 30 in the fall simply provided temporarily stable, not increased, school funding.
The district pegs its reserve at 14.7 percent; the teachers union says it's 22 percent. Evergreen has offered to open its books to the union, which so far has declined the offer. “We know the books,” Wheatley said. “The books are designed to create the potential worst-case scenario.” They said given the district's lack of credibility and accuracy, teachers refuse to make concessions.
The starting salary in Evergreen is $49,401 for 184 days of work. Teachers may reach $88,975 in 12 years if they earn additional college credits, and they earn small increases in four-year increments up to 24 years.
“We have always been a very generous district,” board President Jim Zito said. But state law requires the district to produce a balanced budget projected over three years. Facing a $5 million deficit in 2014-15, the district has to trim expenses. Thus, they said, “we've cut and gone to the bone in so many ways, we have to go back and address how we pay benefits.”
Parents who sympathize with teachers fear a strike and dislike the disruption imposed on their children. Celina Martinez, mother of five children, said teachers “deserve all they are asking for and more.”
The acrimony is taking a toll. Some teachers blame the board. “Years of building a ‘family' in Evergreen are being destroyed by their actions,” said Allisa Nozaki, a fifth-grade teacher at Norwood Creek Elementary.
However, other teachers decry “adult bullying” by union supporters. One teacher, who did not want their name used because they fear harassment, said they can't afford to go on strike and thinks the union demands are unrealistic.
Parent Christine Tarver, who criticizes the “work to rule” decision, said, “Every time a teacher says, ‘I'll only do what I am paid to do,' they or they insult every volunteer who has worked tirelessly.”
The delays in grading papers, the cancellation of musicals, the failure of teachers to resist union pressure all exact a cost, they said. “The continued damage to my children's education is inexcusable.”
Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775. Follow them at Twitter.com/NoguchiOnK12.
US streaming giant Netflix is understood to have appointed a creative and social media agency, in a move which will fuel increasing speculation that it will launch locally next year.
Mumbrella understands Droga5 has been handed creative duties for the brand in Australia following a pitch, whilst We Are Social, which also handles the account in the US and UK, will lead the social media push.
It is thought the service will launch a multi-million dollar marketing blitz when it does enter the market, worth upwards of $20m. However, that could be as late as the second half of next year as it looks to tie-up content rights for local programs.
While the company has consistently refused to comment on speculation it will enter the local market officially, last month execs did admit interest in the Australian and New Zealand market.
ADVERTISEMENT
Whilst MEC is Netflix's agency of record internationally it is not clear if the local office will be working on the account. It is understood there has also been a pitch for the PR account in market as well, although it is unclear if it has been decided.
All agencies contacted declined to comment.
The win comes as a boost for Droga5 with the agency losing a number of clients in the past year including Woolworths, ING Direct, Sunbeam and Mondelez Cadbury biscuit brands. However, it recently picked up the regional account for Singapore-based beer brand Tiger, as well as taking new ECD Steve Coll from Havas Worldwide.
Local media companies have been looking at their own subscription video on demand plays in the past few months to counter the threat from the global giant.
Nine Entertainment Co's joint venture with Fairfax StreamCo recently appointed creative agency AJF Partnership to work on its launch campaign which could be in market before Christmas. Mumbrella understands Droga5 was also involved in the StreamCo pitch.
Meanwhile Foxtel has this week launched its video-on-demand offering BoxSets, with speculation Networks Ten and Seven could be set to join its Presto streaming subscription service.
At the ASTRA conference in September Shaun James, the head of Presto, said Netflix will be an “inferior” service in the local market because many of the premium rights for studios including HBO are already sewn-up with local providers. Stephen Langsford, the boss of Australian-based SVOD service Quickflix has challenged its US-rival to “come through the front door” to the Australian market and cut off access for an estimated 200,000 local subscribers using VPNs to access the US version of Netflix.
The US-based streaming service has recently launched in France, giving the nod to Ogilvy Paris to roll out its launch marketing campaign which has seen the agency use GIFs of TV shows and movies available on Netflix on digital outdoor sites. Crispin Porter & Bogusky handle Netflix's advertising in the US.
Netflix lodged a copyright claim for its name in Australia at the start of the year.
Netflix declined to comment.
Alex Hayes
About
FROM ART TO INDUSTRY
It all started with the state of Wisconsin and with a desire to own the ability to cast art/design ideas in metal...
Along with a skeleton crew of friends/artists in Milwaukee, we figured out how to build our first cupola furnace for melting iron. On Thanksgiving Day 2009, we managed to melt our first ladle of iron in our little backyard foundry, and from there, the first state-shaped skillet of Wisconsin was born.
The success of building a little foundry was a celebration of craft and the American Dream. Making a skillet in the shape of Wisconsin was the simplest statement I could think of at the time, to express pride in our homemade enterprise.
I brought the idea of building out a map of the entire US in cast iron skillets to Kickstarter in 2011 and the response was overwhelming. With your help, we were able to complete this dream piece! You can watch a video of us seasoning the pans here.
The final 2011 "Made in America" by Alisa Toninato
After the “Made In America” art piece was completed, the big (9' x 6', 550 lbs) cast iron map grabbed a fair share of attention - first traveling to Grand Rapids Michigan for its debut at ArtPrize, then visiting Martha Stewart in New York, twice, in 2012! Watch our video here.
Along the way, we've collected some awesome feedback and encouragement from customers, retailers, and even a load of awesome people from all over the USA who'd seen the art piece and felt compelled to call me up and share with me their stories of heirloom cast iron pans from their great grandmother or their favorite recipes for the cast iron pans they have still. It was SO inspiring for us to hear that and we are incredibly appreciative of their bold and selfless move to share these positive reactions to the art work with us!
Through artistic motivation, positive feedback and our joint entrepreneurial spirit, we've been driven to pursue a commercial enterprise with roots in the soils of the American dream.
The pilot project produced MN, WI and IL... Next up... NY!
We hope to return that positive support to the larger public by releasing state-shaped skillets under the name American Skillet Company using All-American manufacturing.
The commercially produced series will offer:
An unlimited opportunity for people to own a piece of our story outside the original art piece
Deep, smooth walls for greater utility & easy cleaning
Ergonomic handles
Lighter overall design than the art pieces
A consistent (* and lower!) retail price
National presence in hand-picked retail stores all across the US
Rand Paul's presidential campaign, by many recent accounts, is sputtering. The candidate, according to the Atlantic's Molly Ball, is “flailing.” Their campaign, reports National Journal's Josh Kraushaar, has been called a “disaster.”
These judgments, even if true, are provisional. Pretty much any candidate in the Republican pack is one killer debate performance, one strong poll result, one especially good fundraising report away from a narrative of resurgence.
But there is little question that the initial, ineffable appeal of the Paul campaign has faded. In March 2013, when Paul filibustered against the government's possible use of Hellfire missiles to murder civilians in San Francisco cafes and Houston restaurants — this seemed to make sense to some people at the time — many conservatives were swept away. “His voice, once lonely,” wrote Noah Rothman, “grew in stature. . . . It was poetic. It was romantic.”
Compare this with Paul's recent filibuster of the Patriot Act. The Senate gallery was staged with supporters wearing “Stand With Rand” T-shirts. Paul's online campaign store offered a “filibuster starter pack” for $30, including a “spy blocker” for your computer's video camera and a shirt reading “The NSA knows I bought this Rand Paul tshirt.” Paul's Senate colleagues found themselves dragged into the middle of an infomercial. And many were not pleased.
Once it was Mr. Smith goes to Washington. Now it is Mr. Smith uses Senate procedure to conduct a fundraising campaign on a national security issue that they distort to serve their political interests.
Sen. Rand Paul, (R-Ky.), who announced he's running for president in 2016, is known for their belief in limited government. Here is their take on Obamacare, the Constitution and more, in their own words. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
The romance is gone. The bitterness and conspiratorial hints remain. Paul recently blamed the rise of the Islamic State on Republican “hawks.” Under pressure, Paul conceded, “I could have stated it better.” But this was a gaffe of excessive clarity. Paul's foreign policy libertarianism is founded on the belief that an aggressively fought war against terrorism actually produces terrorism — that the United States has somehow earned the enmity it faces.
And Paul's accusation goes further. “People here in [Washington] think I'm making a huge mistake,” they said on the Senate floor. “Some of them I think secretly want there to be an attack on the United States so they can blame it on me.”
Paul likes to present themselves as a voice of reason and outreach. But they are prone to rhetorical recklessness. Which of Paul's rivals, in this case, would be secretly pleased about the killing of Americans if it helped justify a political argument? Any names? Paul, by their account, is facing not only opponents but monsters.
According to Paul, it is “hawks” and “neocons” who “glory for war,” who “really think war's always the answer.” Some, as we've seen, “secretly want there to be an attack on the United States.” Sen. John McCain wants “15 wars more.” Paul has accused former vice president Dick Cheney of supporting the Iraq war in order to benefit their former employer, Halliburton. Paul's charges are often nasty, often ad hominem, often involve the questioning of motives. In democratic discourse, this type of argument is a conversation stopper. How can you find agreement with scheming warmongers?
Paul sometimes apologizes, at least partially, for their sweeping hyperbole. But they fall into this habit frequently, and almost always on foreign policy matters. This reveals much about Paul's sense of political calling. They present themselves as someone engaged in a quest against sinister forces — a quest to dismantle the national security state, in both commitments abroad and surveillance at home. And the main obstacles to this goal are not Democrats (Paul often shares foreign policy views with President Obama), but pro-military Republicans.
Paul's wink-and-nod primary strategy — winking toward their father's libertarian base, nodding toward establishment foreign policy thinking — has collapsed. Paul was always more comfortable on the Snowden side of the national security ramparts. During the Patriot Act debate, by strategy or ideological compulsion, this showed. Limiting the reach and authority of U.S. intelligence services — at a time of Chinese cyberaggression and online Islamist radicalization — would be a core mission of a Paul presidency.
Yet Paul succeeded, in part. Republican leaders in the House and Senate could not muster the votes to defend the Patriot Act in its original form and had to accept a system that further restricts access to bulk data. The cost for Paul was to abandon the pretense of ideological moderation and to embrace a rhetorically, and substantively, reckless course.
Read more from Michael Gerson's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook .
Those who have been members of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) for a long time report little or no cravings for alcohol, but why this happens remains poorly understood.
In the first study to explore brain physiology in AA members, researchers from New York University (NYU) Langone Medical Center found that members who recited AA prayers after viewing drinking-related images reported fewer cravings for alcohol after praying than after just reading a newspaper.
The reduced cravings in those who prayed corresponded to increased activity in brain regions responsible for attention and emotion as measured by an MRI, according to the study, which was published in the American Journal of Drug and Alcohol Abuse.
“Our findings suggest that the experience of AA over the years had left these members with an innate ability to use the AA experience — prayer in this case — to minimize the effect of alcohol triggers in producing craving,” said senior author Marc Galanter, M.D., Professor of Psychiatry and Director of the Division of Alcoholism and Drug Abuse at NYU Langone.
“Craving is diminished in long-term AA members compared to patients who have stopped drinking for some period of time but are more vulnerable to relapse.”
The study results revolve around craving, one of the criteria physicians use to diagnose addiction, researchers said. Such strong desires can persist even in addicted people who no longer use alcohol or drugs. That's one reason AA members recite abstinence-promoting prayers to reduce cravings.
“We wanted to determine what is going on in the brain in response to alcohol-craving triggers, such as passing by a bar or experiencing something upsetting, when long-term AA members are exposed to them,” Galanter says.
To investigate, Galanter and their colleagues recruited 20 long-term AA members who reported no cravings for alcohol during the week preceding testing.
The AA members were placed in an MRI scanner and then shown either pictures of alcoholic drinks or people drinking to simulate drinking behavior in a laboratory setting.
The pictures were presented twice: First after asking the participant to read neutral material from a newspaper, and again after the participant recited an AA prayer promoting abstinence from alcohol to represent the impact of AA.
According to the study's findings, all 20 reported some degree of craving for alcohol after viewing the images, and less craving after reciting an AA prayer.
MRI data revealed that there were changes in parts of the prefrontal cortex, the region of the brain that controls attention, and in brain sites responsible for control of emotion and the semantic reappraisal of emotion — the different ways people understand situations based on their perspectives.
“This finding suggests that there appears to be an emotional response to alcohol triggers, but that it's experienced and understood differently when someone has the protection of the AA experience,” Galanter said.
In their decade-long research into the role of spirituality in long-term AA members, Galanter and their colleagues have found that members undergo a transition from initially craving alcohol to a new status where they reported little or no craving.
This reduction in craving is associated with the amount of time that passed following a “spiritual awakening” in AA, which marks a transition to a different attitude toward drinking, according to Galanter.
“Our current findings open up a new field of inquiry into physiologic changes that may accompany spiritual awakening and perspective changes in AA members and others,” said Galanter.
They added the study results also support the validity of a long-term AA experience in terms of physiologic changes in the brain.
Source: NYU Langone Medical Center
Abstract of the brain photo by shutterstock.
Brain Images Show AA Prayers Reduce Cravings
TARTUS, Syria — There are no official statistics regarding the number of Alawites who have lost their lives since the peaceful protests in Syria turned into an armed sectarian conflict in many areas of the country. Human rights organizations are not counting the victims in Syria on a sectarian basis.
However, in statistics published July 12, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights announced that 65,803 people from the ranks of the Syrian regime forces and armed groups loyal to it have died. It is likely that the vast majority of the dead are Alawites, especially among the militias fighting alongside regime forces.
A visit to the cities and rural areas inhabited by an Alawite majority suggests that the number of deaths may exceed this figure. There are thousands of photos posted on walls and hung at intersections of young men who have lost their lives in the war, and all of them include slogans in support of President Bashar al-Assad. In these areas, Alawite support for the Assad regime remains strong, as evidenced by the large number of portraits of Assad spread throughout the coastal region. But words of anguish are being quietly muttered in these corners of Syria, as the death toll among Alawites continues to rise.
Al-Monitor spoke with a young girl during the funeral for their brother, who was killed in a recent battle. They said, "In spite of everything, Assad is our choice and we will not back down on this. The conspiracy against Syria is huge and there is no substitute for Assad, with their political expertise and alliance with Russia and Iran. Without Assad, we will all meet a bad fate and perhaps be killed at the hands of terrorists in the same way that the soldiers of the 17th Regiment were killed in Raqqa."
This girl summarized the position of many Alawites up until now. However, social media networks show that some supporters of the Syrian regime are growing angry at the corruption and its spread throughout the governmental institutions, while thousands of young men die fighting for their country. One regime supporter wrote on a Facebook page created to protest corruption in Tartus, "The son of a poor man does not own a house, and dies as a martyr in war, while the son of a governmental official builds castles." So far, their expressions of anger remain limited to Facebook.
In one of the Alawite villages in the countryside of Latakia, sadness and despair are evident on faces everywhere. A village resident in their 60s who spoke to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity said, "At least half of the village's youths are spread among the fighting fronts. Dozens have been killed, and the authorities weren't even able to recover the bodies of some of them. Assad is leading the sons of the Alawite sect to certain death." Asked why they fight for Assad and support their authority, even though they are leading them to death, they replied, "Although I believe that Assad is leading the Alawites to death, only a minority of the village residents share this opinion. Even I don't dare to say this in front of many of them. Most Alawites believe that there is no alternative to Assad, and that they cannot stop fighting alongside him. The extremism of most Islamic opposition brigades pushes [Alawites] to cling tightly to their positions."
This man's view seems uncommon indeed among their neighbors. A woman from the same village emphasized, "We must continue to fight." Although they lost one of their children in the Kassab battles this past spring, they stressed, "The rest of my sons are still in the battle. We will fight until the end. If we stop fighting now, this would mean death for all of us. This is why I am angry at the Alawite youth who evade military service," they added.
In the coastal cities of Latakia and Tartus, funerals for the victims are held on a near daily basis. Moreover, only rarely do the people show anger about the large number of dead. However, Al-Monitor spoke with the brother of a soldier who was killed last year. Speaking in a quiet voice for fear that those sitting near them in the Latakia cafe would hear, they said, "Assad has failed as a leader.  They are sacrificing our lives to stay in power, but we have no other choice. Abandoning the regime would mean that we would be at the mercy of radical Islamists, and there is no third possibility on the horizon." As to whether many others shared this view, they said, "I think so, and this explains why some Alawite youth evade military service. But many are afraid to express their opinion on the Assad regime because they fear the consequences, including being accused of treason or of being sympathetic to opposition militants."
The pain of loss is permeating the Alawite areas on Syria's coast, as young men continue to fall in battle in high numbers. While some are critical of the regime's handling of the war, most Alawites will continue to support Assad in what many see as a war of survival. As a militant fighting for the regime told Al-Monitor, "Many of my friends have died, but we are still fighting to defend our country and sect."
An aerial view shows the Nigerian northeastern town of Bama on March 25, 2015 (AFP Photo/Nichole Sobecki)
Bama (Nigeria) (AFP) - The devastation is visible from the air in Bama. Corrugated iron roofs lie ripped off among charred debris, the walls of the houses blackened with soot or in ruins.
On the dusty roads that separate properties in the second-biggest town in Borno state, northeast Nigeria, the sight -- and smell -- is much worse, with evidence of atrocities everywhere.
The Nigerian military forced out Boko Haram from Bama earlier this month. As they did so, locals who managed to escape said the Islamists set fire to homes, including the emir's palace.
But clearly much worse happened -- and the evidence is on the streets, beneath them and in the parched fields beyond.
Troops find the decomposing body of a man in a sewer, in the fetal position surrounded by trash and human waste. Soldiers cover their noses as more remains are found elsewhere.
"You can see dead bodies," Bama resident Abdul Maliki Yakuba told AFP. "If you go around the town you can see dead bodies. Many people have been killed."
Battle-hardened troops find the scale of the slaughter hard to comprehend.
"It's unbelievable that human beings could do this to fellow human beings," said Lieutenant Colonel Abu Bakar Haruna. "You can see on the bridge, just bodies littered.
"In the town you saw bodies all over. So it's something that someone can just say, 'why?', 'how?'. And it's a difficult thing."
- 'A horrible battle' -
Testimony previously gathered from residents who fled Bama bear witness to the horrors of life under Boko Haram's self-proclaimed caliphate after they took over the town last September.
"Bama was hell," mother-of-four Jummai Mumini recalled on March 16 in the Borno state capital, Maiduguri, 73 kilometres (45 miles) away where they fled as the military inched closer.
Others said dozens of women who were forced to marry Boko Haram fighters were slaughtered by their "husbands" before the battle began.
Dozens of women's bodies littered the streets, the Islamists adamant that they would not allow their wives to re-marry men who did not share their radical ideology, residents said.
Many of the estimated 7,500 people who fled are now in Maiduguri, in a makeshift camp of little more than a few dilapidated buildings in a clearing of neem trees on the outskirts of the city.
Many are children, the girls dressed in the long hijab and colourful print wrappers widely seen in the region, the boys in oversized men's shirts, thin-waisted jeans and worn flip-flops.
Not everyone has fled Bama, though. Those who remain have set up on pavements, prayer mats, bags and jerry cans of fuel or water spread out on the burnt earth.
Others seek shelter from the harsh sun in the shade of a burned-out car, watching and waiting as camouflaged troops roll by in armoured personnel carriers.
Off-duty soldiers languish in plastic chairs. A tank lies idle in the sand after what Haruna called "a horrible battle".
"We did our best to ensure that we expelled the BHTs (Boko Haram terrorists) from Bama, and we have successfully done that," they said.
"And by the grace of God we'll ensure that we maintain security and ward off their efforts to come into Bama again."
- 'We just need help' -
Security is still uppermost in the minds of both the military and locals, with Boko Haram pushed out of the town but to who knows where.
Three men discovered trying to enter Bama are blindfolded and bundled into a pick-up truck; troops carefully inspect the former emir's palace, which Boko Haram used as a headquarters.
Repeat raids by the militants are feared, despite Nigeria's military and its coalition partners Chad, Cameroon and Niger finally making gains and recapturing territory.
"You will see the level of alertness of the troops here," said Nigeria's military spokesperson Major-General Chris Olukolade.
"You will see that every approach is being manned. There is regular patrol, very aggressive patrol, not just within the town but also the suburbs.
"And this is in anticipation of subsequent threats. We're not giving chances at all. This town must not fall again."
For the people of Bama, security is everything if they are to rebuild their shattered lives and allow those who fled in fear of their lives will return.
"We just need help from the government to help rebuild the town, so that these people will come back to the town," said Yakuba.
Though "The Hunger Games" relinquished the top spot at the box office after four weeks at No. 1, star Josh Hutcherson still brought the franchise some glory this weekend.
Young Hutcherson, who played baker's son Peeta Mellark in "Games," cooked up a win at Saturday evening's GLAAD Media Awards in Los Angeles, where as we told you they were honored with the organization's Vanguard Award.
Recognized as a person making a significant difference in promoting equal rights for the LGBT community — other recent winners have included Kristin Chenoweth, Drew Barrymore and Kathy Griffen — Hutcherson was a huge hit with the crowd as the Vanguard's youngest-ever recipient.
"My story begins with equal rights before I was even born," Hutcherson said on stage Saturday at downtown L.A.'s Westin Bonaventure hotel (check out a video of their acceptance speech below).
"My mom was raised by a big family, and two people in that family were their uncles, Steve and Jamie. They were both gay ... and also both happened to pass away from AIDS right as I was being born. Being honored with this award goes to them 100%."
A Muslim man is threatening to move their family out of Fort Smith, AR after a series of events that took place on Saturday at Central Mall, according to FOX4KC.
Alan and Daphne Crawford said they, along with their young son, went to the mall to shop, dressed in a thobe and hijab Saturday and that is when things went awry.
Mall-goers became concerned with the Crawfords when they were seen them taking video of people at the mall and videoing the entrances and exits.
Mall security stopped Alan from taking video, citing mall rules that prohibit videoing inside the mall, which they claim they did not know. While the Crawfords were being questioned, Alan said bystanders began snapping photos of them. The pictures were then shared on social media and some implied the Crawfords were possible terrorists.
Alan reasoned they were safe, telling reporters that they would “probably destroy” a bacon cheeseburger or some fries with bacon on it, which they said ISIS would “happily kill” them for. They also claimed their family was at Central Mall to hand out cards for a local charity and to shop for Sperry's and some Armani glasses from LensCrafters.
The following article covers plot points from the game, Hyper Light Drifter.
If there has ever been a cardinal rule in writing, it has been “Show, Don't Tell.” This rule applies to narratives written for television, film, and novels, and has now found increasing application in gaming media. Showing instead of telling communicates a point in such a way that it allows the audience to make an interpretation and inference. This is important, as it mentally engages the audience with the narrative and makes them active participants in the story's construction. An engaged audience is an entertained audience, and so allowing them to make inferences is important in keeping them involved with your narrative.
Hyper Light Drifter may be one of the ultimate manifestations of this principle ever conceived in gaming. Indeed, there are times when the game's cut scenes mimic many of the principles adhered to in the Silent Age of film making, when directors had to evoke emotion and narrative from their actors' behaviors and from the sequences of action happening around them. While nobody is arguing for a full return to silent narratives, it's important to see what Hyper Light Drifter did that was so successful in terms of creating a story. The following video may assist the discussion to follow.
To briefly sum up the story, the game takes place in a post-apocalyptic world in which a lone Drifter searches in the hope of destroying an evil computerized core that has spread decay across the land. The full lore is more in-depth, of course. This is a world that once saw a great war waged between giants and the local people, where the pursuit of immortality led to profaned technologies, and where current society teeters on the brink of survival while war-like tribes plague the countryside and robots from an ancient war amass to one day destroy all survivors.
It's a fascinating world with some incredible lore, and interestingly, it's all communicated without words. Brief cut scenes communicate parts of the mythos, short ‘dialogue' exchanges (which are wordless and communicated entirely through pictures) fill in some of the personal plot lines, and the rest of the story is left to what the player visually sees in this ruinous existence. There are some ominous, ancient glyphs that are verbal and fill in a skeletal deep lore, but for the most part, the game is content to let players visually interpret their surroundings and make sense of this universe themselves.
Take Hyper Light Drifter's opening cut scene as a starting point. It begins with a city aglow, with a vast light overhead. The scene switches to four lights illuminating around what appears to be a central icon of Anubis, the Egyptian god associated with death and the afterlife. Following those four lights illuminating, the great light over the city turns purple, energy crisscrosses the city far below, and a massive explosion detonates from the city to the four regions of the world (North, South, East, and West) where the majority of the game's action will take place. The aftermath is a tightly zoomed in shot of a river of blood and corpses, with gigantic titans roaming about in the far distance.
This is when the Drifter first makes their arrival, but rather than arrive in triumph and heroism, they immediately vomits blood. This blood then takes on the form of a hunting shadow, an image that will recur throughout the game and continuously cause distress and pain for the Drifter. It is typically associated with times when they weaken and falters. No matter how many times the Drifter strikes at it, it does not die and cannot be defeated. The final moments show the Drifter ascending vast stairs and staring, up close, into the gaping maw of three titans whose visages immediately begin to decay, crumble, and drift into particles.
This all ends with a scene of Anubis pointing the Drifter toward a door into which they enter, indicating the way the Drifter must also go at some point in the future. How do we know this? During the time of the four lights illuminating the Anubis icon, during the sequences when the world exploded, and many times throughout the game, diamond shaped icons are associated with the way forward. The last vision the Drifter sees is this icon, shining brightly and pure, before it's suddenly possessed and darkened by corruption.
The entire mission of the Drifter is laid out in those opening scenes, what happened at the center of the world is described, and essentially all of the core narrative is communicated within the game's initial moments. Previously, we've described how good stories told in television, such as Daredevil, encapsulate the larger plot to a small degree from the moment the show kicks off. Hyper Light Drifter does exactly that here, and all the imagery we see afterward only reinforces and clarifies the narrative we witnessed at the start.
For instance, Anubis themselves is associated with a diamond shaped halo around their head, the same diamond that forms the shape of the world's core. We can immediately associate the two. However, the darkened core indicates something has gone wrong in that relationship. Indeed, the darkness that plagues the core attacks the Drifter only moments later. The color of the core after its corruption is a shade of purple, the same color that the light hovering over the city turns once the icon of Anubis has been lit up. Whatever corruption occurred, it led to a cataclysm, one that set loose the titans.
Of course, as the player wanders the world, they can also begin making other inferences. For instance, some amount of time had to have passed between the cataclysm and modern times. The titans who the Drifter sees decaying in their dream can be found scattered around the world, drowned beneath the surface of a lake, buried in the ground, or lying dead along the side of a mountain. Somehow, these people fought back and achieved at least a limited victory. Whatever the corruption was, it wasn't strong enough to destroy the world entirely.
The audience can also guess that, to some degree, the corruption affects the Drifter. After all, they vomit blood that becomes the hunting shadow associated with the corruption. Interestingly, this visual plays both into the lore of the game, and may hold larger significance outside the bounds of the medium. As an in-game visual, it tells us the Drifter's mission is being resisted by the same corruption killing the world. As a symbol of disease, the Drifter's inability to overcome it points to one of the great fears of humankind, that fear of the corruptibility of the body and the eventual inability to overcome our own human frailties.
Hyper Light Drifter's visual presentations work on both a narrative and thematic level. It allows us to see the world of the Drifter, and reminds us of the human body's own limitations. The game accomplishes so much with its visuals, it should act as a master class to anyone hoping to write for film, television, or gaming media. Words communicate things directly, but visuals stimulate the mind and engage an audience. Fans of Hyper Light Drifter spent time and effort discussing the meaning of the visuals and the history of the world, creating an engaged fanbase that rallied to different interpretations. Visuals also do more than stimulate the audience, however. They work on multiple levels, lending themselves various degrees of interpretation in both the narrative and thematic space. For all these reasons, this is one game that all writers and visual directors should study closely.
Hyper Light Drifter is available for Windows, OS X, Linux, PS4, XBox One, and Ouya. A limited edition physical release arrives in April 2017.
If you like this article, remember to like and share it.
Jason Luthor is the author of the science fiction and dystopian horror, FLOOR 21.
The anthropologist David Graeber has a strong claim to being the house theorist of Occupy Wall Street. A veteran of the antiglobalization uprisings in Seattle and Genoa, they helped orchestrate the first “General Assembly” in New York this summer, and has since become one of the movement's most outspoken defenders. For him, the encampments in cities across the country prefigure the kind of anti-hierarchical, stateless society that ought to be our future. In a recent opinion article in The Guardian of London, Graeber proclaimed OWS “the opening salvo in a wave of negotiations over the dissolution of the American Empire.” For a movement that has attracted an array of political sympathies, their voice reminds us that at its organizational core, Occupy Wall Street cleaves to anarchist principles.
But Graeber's most important contribution to the movement may owe less to their activism as an anarchist than to their background as an anthropologist. Their recent book DEBT: The First 5,000 Years (Melville House, $32) reads like a lengthy field report on the state of our economic and moral disrepair. In the best tradition of anthropology, Graeber treats debt ceilings, subprime mortgages and credit default swaps as if they were the exotic practices of some self-destructive tribe. Written in a brash, engaging style, the book is also a philosophical inquiry into the nature of debt — where it came from and how it evolved. Graeber's claim is that the past 400 years of Western history represent a grievous departure from how human societies have traditionally thought about our obligations to one another. What makes the work more than a screed is its intricate examination of societies from ancient Mesopotamia to 1990s Madagascar, and thinkers ranging from Rabelais to Nietzsche — and to George W. Bush's brother Neil.
That an anthropologist should feel obliged to assess the role of debt in modern society is perhaps no surprise. The discipline has always taken pride in undermining the assumptions of classical economics. In 1925 the French anthropologist Marcel Mauss published their classic essay “The Gift,” which argued that contrary to the textbook account of primitive man merrily trading beaver pelts for wampum, no society was ever based on barter. The dominant practice for thousands of years was instead voluntary gift-giving, which created a binding sense of obligation between potentially hostile groups. To give a gift was not an act based on calculation, but on the refusal to calculate. In the societies Mauss studied most closely — the Maori of New Zealand, the Haida of the Pacific Northwest — people rejected the principles of economic self-interest in favor of arrangements where everyone was perpetually indebted to someone else.
Picking up where Mauss left off, Graeber argues that once-prevalent relationships based on an incalculable sense of duty deteriorated as buying and selling became the basis of society and as money, previously a marker of favors owed, became valuable in its own right. The first interest-bearing loans originated in ancient Mesopotamia. Poor farmers would borrow from merchants or officials, fall into arrears, see their farms and livestock seized and, in many cases, their families taken as debt peons. Faced with the prospect of social chaos, Sumerian and Babylonian kings periodically announced “declarations of debt freedom,” known in Biblical times as the Law of Jubilee, which canceled all debts more than seven years old. As Graeber points out, the first word for “freedom” known in any language, the Sumerian “amargi,” means literally “return to mother” — presumably, because all the indentured children were free to go home.
Photo
With debt at the heart of revolts and palace coups throughout the ancient world, the world's great religions felt compelled to weigh in. Morality, they held, had to be based on something higher than paying one's debts to society. The Lord's Prayer, Graeber reminds us, could just as well read “forgive us our debts, just as we forgive our debtors” — and Christ was called a “Redeemer.” But at the same time, religions used a logic of their own to speak of the immeasurable debts we owe to God or the cosmos, and savvy monarchs used that vocabulary to entrench their own power. In many languages, the word “debt” is the same as “sin” (in some cases the interest could be paid in sacrifices, but the principal was always one's life).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The traditional understanding of debt as moral obligation changed radically in the 17th century, according to Graeber, when people started to see themselves as independent contractors who could rent out their services to fellow citizens. Individuals now faced one another as equals, and the language of the feudal household — “please” (as in “if you please, My Lord”) and “thank you” (which derives from “think,” as in “I will think on it” or remember) — lost its deferential connotations and entered everyday life. But there was a dark side to these developments. “Those who have argued that we are the natural owners of our rights and liberties,” Graeber writes, “have been mainly interested in asserting that we should be free to give them away, or even to sell them.” Although “mainly” is a bit tendentious, Graeber's point is that we ended up enslaving ourselves by thinking of ourselves as fully autonomous. As anyone who works a 9-to-5 job knows, the “right” to sell one's labor hardly feels like privilege.
The Syrian refugee tripped up by a Hungarian news reporter has been for a tour at Real Madrid's famous Bernebeu stadium after being invited by club president Florentino Perez.
Uosama Alabed Almohsen became a symbol for the plight of Syrian refugees when they were filmed being kicked to the ground by Petra Laszlo of Hungary's N1TV, who has since been fired .
Here is how Uosama, Zied and Mohammad, symbols of the Syrian refugee crisis, fulfilled their Madridista dream. ?? https://t.co/i8x2nGJxs6
Almohsen was welcomed to the Bernebeu, along with their two sons, after Real Madrid officials saw the footage which sparked worldwide outrage .
In addition to a tour of the club stadium and museum the trio were allowed to walk out onto the pitch and visit the dressing rooms, where youngster "Zied posed for a photograph alongside the locker belonging to their idol, Cristiano Ronaldo".
Almohsen told Real Madrid's website:
"Real Madrid are my team, and my whole family's too.
"It's a dream come true. I love Real Madrid, they're my favourite team and my whole family's too. I'm very grateful for the welcome given to us by the president. In Syria we dreamed of seeing a Real Madrid match, and now that's going to come true. I'm really happy".
Media reported that Almohsen had been a football coach at a first division club in Syria before fleeing the country and the news reached an academy in Cenafe, who arranged for the family to be relocated from Germany to near Madrid, with the help of one of the club's graduates from Mohamed Labrouzi who is an Arabic speaker.
“We used money from our advertising budget to pay for an apartment for them in Getafe,” Cenafe's general director Conrado Galan told El Pais. "When we saw the story of Mohsen published in the newspapers we felt terrible.”
The possibility of Almohsen being given a job at La Liga side Getafe has already been raised, with talks between the city and the club having taken place.
Cenafe now intend to help Almohsen and their famliy apply for asylum and learn the language:
“As soon as they learn Spanish, we plan to offer them a job at our organisation,” said Galan.
Real Madrid have also invited the family to attend the forthcoming home match against Granada.
Is the Syrian Civil War finally winding down? According to The New York Times, the “moderate” rebels are completely demoralized after the Syrian military cut off supply lines and laid siege to parts of the Aleppo province, the central stronghold of the U.S.-backed rebel faction.
Rebels reportedly used phrases like “no hope,” “it's finished” and “it's over,” to describe the prospect of prevailing in their multi-year war on the Assad government.
These views are only likely to solidify as the siege begins to take its toll. Retaking Aleppo city has been a key goal for the Syrian government. Now, thanks in large part to Russian air power, Syrian government forces have encircled Aleppo
In the best case scenario, this could lead to a more realistic negotiating position at peace talks expected to restart soon in Geneva. Rebel factions at the table essentially made it impossible to negotiate a peace deal because their starting point is that the Assad government must go. Not surprisingly, both the Assad government and its backers in Moscow and Tehran refuse to agree to those terms.
If the siege of Aleppo forces the rebels to recognize that toppling Assad is not an option, they may remove the precondition and start negotiations in earnest.
But, even if the U.S.-backed rebels did negotiate in earnest and the Assad government followed in kind, that would still leave the larger conflict driving the Syrian Civil War unresolved: the proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran for hegemony in the Middle East. That power struggle led the Saudis to provide the initial (and perhaps ongoing) support and funding for ISIS. Iran, in turn, made heavy investments in the Syrian government in the hopes of ensuring that Assad, or some other Alawite, keeps power in Damascus.
And let's not leave out the great historical driver of this conflict: the Western colonial powers who purposely carved up territory in the Middle East to prevent unified nations that could challenge their empire from forming. The divide-and-conquer ethnic architecture of countries like Iraq and Syria laid the fuses for these sectarian conflicts to periodically explode.
To invert Martin Luther King's famous definition, it might be time to measure peace in Syria differently — less by the presence of justice and more by the absence of ongoing military conflict.
LAS VEGAS—August 15, 2014, was the day it all changed for adult performer Christy Mack. She'd been involved with MMA fighter Jonathan Koppenhaver, better known to fans as War Machine, for about a year at that point, and although he'd been physically abusive of their starting four or five months after they became involved, "by that time I was totally in love with him, so, so in love," Mack stated in an ESPN interview, that they brushed off the violence.
But on that fateful day in August 2014, Mack and guy pal Corey Thomas were reportedly sleeping, fully clothed, in their home when Koppenhaver entered, accused Mack of having an affair with Thomas, and proceeded to give each of them a horrific beating, with Koppenhaver allegedly having "punched and choked Thomas before ordering them out of the house and warning them not to call the police," according to an article in the Daily Star (UK).
While that was going on, Mack had secretly called 911 and hidden the phone, but by the time police arrived, Koppenhaver had reportedly fractured Mack's left eye, broken several other bones in their face, knocked out two of their teeth, lacerated their liver, broken at least two ribs and delivered serious bruising. At this point, Koppenhaver faces 35 charges, including five counts of sexual assault and two of attempted murder, stemming from allegations stretching as far back as the beginning of the pair's relationship in May of 2013.
Although pretrial hearings have been happening sporadically since Koppenhaver's arrest, the most recent took place on January 5, when Mack testified in court regarding some of the details of their relationship with the fighter. Mack was asked by Koppenhaver's attorney, Brandon Sua, whether Mack had ever said to Koppenhaver the phrase "real men rape"?
"That was a joke between us," the actor testified. "That was a pretty common slogan for them to say, and yes, I would repeat it back to him."
Later, Sua asked whether the couple had ever indulged in "rape fantasies," to which Mack responded, "I did actually ask them to play out a rape fantasy one time but it never came to fruition," noting that even with rape fantasy play, a "very specific set of guidelines and rules would be set down and laid out before the acts are actually done, for safety reasons and consent reasons."
"I wouldn't want to have an actual rape happen," Mack stated firmly.
Nonetheless, Clark County District Judge Elissa Cadish ruled that that rape discussion between the pair could be introduced at trial, despite the fact that Koppenhaver's beating of Mack almost resulted in their death.
Pictured, l-r: Christy Mack before and after August 14, 2014.
After Vin Diesel had their meeting with Marvel a couple weeks ago, speculation and rumors flew rampantly around the internet of who they were going to play. It wasn't until they posted a picture of Groot from Guardians of the Galaxy on their Facebook wall that fanboys got a good idea. Well, now it seems Simon Pegg is duplicating that same magic as they had a meeting with Marvel today and Tweeted a picture of themselves casually pointing to Ant-Man on a poster.
It is no surprise that Pegg would take up the part because their longtime friend and co-worker, Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, and The World's End), will be writing and directing the film. Personally, Pegg would be perfect not just for the role, but to interact with the other Marvel characters. Having them alongside Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, and Mark Ruffalo would be a sight to be seen. Not to mention what could come from Pegg if Joss Whedon wrote them lines.
There is no confirmation of whether or not Simon Pegg will be playing Ant-Man, however, this raises plenty of questions for who will don the shrinking uniform. As for now, we still have until November of 2015 to see the final product. What do you guys think? Would you be satisfied with Simon Pegg playing Ant-Man? Please leave your thoughts in the comments below.
Written By Colin Colin is a writer, blogger, and one-time playwright. He's always trying to stay busy, but sometimes fails due to the necessity of sleep. Film advocate by day, piracy fighting by night. They will give any movie a chance no matter how bad the word-of-mouth is. There is always this fix they need to watch a movie or television episode a day, because this is what they love more than anything. Twitter is the best way to find out what Colin is doing, as they tweet all the time.
Words by Ben Maxwell
While celebrated astrophysicist and cosmologist Carl Sagan was working on science-fiction novel Contact in 1983, they documented an idea for how the story might be turned into a videogame. The project's themes would deal with the development and preservation of galactic civilisations, but at its core would be a realistic representation of the nearest few thousand stars that would teach players about astronomy in a “context as exciting as most violent videogames”.
Sagan couldn't know it, but at the time they were documenting these hopes, David Braben and Ian Bell already had a playable build of an ambitious space trading game called Elite. It launched the next year and, while it featured eight fictional procedurally generated galaxies each populated with 256 stars, it could hardly have been more inspiring to potential stargazers, scientists and explorers. It was also the first step on a three-decade long journey towards Elite Dangerous, the most recent game in the series and the first full realisation of Braben, Bell – and, indeed, Sagan's – early ambitions, featuring around 160,000 real star systems at the centre of a galaxy containing 400 billion procedurally generated celestial conglomerations.
“A lot of [the original Elite] was in the imagination,” Frontier Developments CEO David Braben tells us. “And what [Dangerous] enables you to do is take your imagination that much further. You can feel just how big planets are, and also how tiny we are at this scale. For me, it matters a lot that it's real. I know to a lot of people it's just a backdrop to the game, but to me it's magical that on a clear night I can look up into the sky and see things that I've seen in the game, and vice versa. One day humanity might have moved into the stars, and the constellations they see from other stars will already have been named by people who played Elite Dangerous. Which is lovely.”
But a game of such inhuman scale, even with workload-easing procedural generation, is no small endeavour. Nor is it a sure bet, as Braben was keenly aware while speaking to publishers about the possibility of funding a new addition to a series that was last updated in 1995 with the shaky launch of Frontier: First Encounters.
"To me it's magical that on a clear night I can look up into the sky and see things that I've seen in the game"
“Making Elite Dangerous had been in the back of my mind for a really long time,” Braben explains. “Every week, if not every day, I was getting mail saying, ‘You must make this.' The desire was there. But in a publisher world, I just know how easy it is to get derailed with these things. One of the things that typically happens is a publisher looks at other games that are similar and tries to make your game more like that. There's an ethos that you only try to vary one thing. So if you want to push one aspect of a game, you take something that's quite like another game, and you change that one aspect, because that gives them some idea of who it's going to sell to, how well it's going to sell, and what the shape of the sales will be.”
It's an understandably cautious, if artistically neutering, approach, but one that runs counter to Braben's own experience. “We've been involved in quite a few game releases where the profile of the sales have been very different to what the publishers might've expected,” they continue. “Dog's Life had a slow build but huge interest, and actually sold out. It was something that caught people on the hop, and publishers don't like to be caught on the hop. With Elite Dangerous, I knew full well in the back of my mind what would happen.”
Braben felt that, at least among the publishers they spoke to, the general consensus was that the genre had had its time – a position that's difficult to square with the buzz that surrounds high-profile space exploration games such as Elite Dangerous, Star Citizen and No Man's Sky today. While Braben agreed the genre was in need of a significant update, they had other ideas about how that should be done.
“It was this concept that to market it you'd need a focus, a character and a story,” they say. “And that's why I think Mass Effect ended up the way it did. I don't know the guys who made it all that well, but it wouldn't surprise me if it started in someone's mind as an Elite-like game, and then they added some story, and the story took control of it. I've seen that happen with other games in other genres, where you end up with something that… you have to constrain the game world. Mass Effect's a great game, but it's not the kind of game I personally wanted to be part of making. And my fear was it would be driven down that route and people would say, ‘Oh, it's just a ripoff of Mass Effect' [laughs].”
Behind the scenes, the studio had been committing what resources it could to skunk works projects that explored concepts and potential mechanics, along with the background story that would outline the political machinations of the ruling powers within Dangerous's galaxy. But it wasn't until Kickstarter came along, and specifically Broken Age (at the time known as Double Fine Adventure) that Braben saw an opportunity to get the project off of the ground. “I remember seeing that game and thinking, ‘Oh, that's fantastic,'” they say. “I wanted to do a Kickstarter there and then but unfortunately there was an issue in that the site was US-only. So we found out when Kickstarter was coming to the UK and got ready – we ended up launching it only a few days after.”
"The Kickstarters that have had problems are the ones that set a limit of, say, £10,000. The nightmare scenario is it goes to £10,000.01 and then you have to deliver the game"
While the advantages of crowdfunding were obvious, the concept was new to games and there was a steep learning curve associated with managing a campaign, and sating an army of voracious – and vociferous – benefactors. “We had some internal tech tests and obviously had the Cobra engine, which gave us a hell of a headstart – it was already 64bit at that point so it was perfect for Elite,” Braben explains. “The problem was that people expect new videos to go up every day, and not just talking heads; I mean content that doesn't take a day to prepare. Some things you can, especially if you're using fast-and-dirty prototyping techniques, and we did all sorts of things quickly and showed them. That was very useful, because it doesn't half help marshall your thoughts.”
Once launched, the Kickstarter campaign quickly gained momentum, initially thundering towards its £1.25 million targets. Donations tailed off towards the end, but things picked up again and the total eventually soared to more than £1.5 million. But Braben's belief in the project never wavered. “I was confident all the way through, and people criticised me for it internally,” they reflect. “But I think one of the things we've done at Frontier for a very long time is forecast our own games internally in terms of understanding who's going to buy and when they're going to buy. We saw it when we put [Elite Dangerous] season one on sale, and also with other games like LostWinds: you get a spike at the start of the sale period and then another at the end. We didn't understand some of it, but the thing I'm really glad we did is set a realistic target. We genuinely wouldn't have done it had it not reached that target. The Kickstarters that have had problems are the ones that set a limit of, say, £10,000. The nightmare scenario is it goes to £10,000.01 and then you have to deliver the game.”
Kickstarter wasn't the only funding source – a fundraising drive on Frontier's website raised more, and there was external investment to go with Frontier's own resources – but it served as an encouraging, and non-anecdotal, measure of players' interest in a new Elite game. But with the market's existence proven, actually developing the game posed its own set of challenges. How do you go about managing a project of such scope? “Well, one of the advantages we've got is we've been around a long time by industry standards,” Braben says. So most of the problems we encountered [making Elite Dangerous] we had already encountered in a slightly different guise before. And interestingly, moving away from publishers means you find out if you have the discipline and the processes internally that put in place the checks and balances a publisher would.”
LostWinds, though significantly smaller, served as an evaluation of those systems, and Kinect Disneyland Adventures – whose dev team swelled to nearly 400 – proved that the more-than-100-strong Dangerous team was feasible. “It's a real discipline, and because we've had a lot of people who've worked together for a long time, we've got a lot of internal tools and processes we can use to track things,” Braben says. “That sounds very regimented, but actually it gives you an awful lot of freedom, because without a publisher you still know what the requirements are, but you can be very flexible within that.
"Moving away from publishers means you find out if you have the discipline that puts in place the checks and balances a publisher would"
“There was a lot of discussion prior to and during the Kickstarter project as to whether you should be able to walk around in your ship. We looked at that in great detail. Ultimately we decided the arbiter has to be, ‘Does it make the game more fun?' Because it's a lot of extra work and it brings in more constraints. It's something we will do, but it'll be in a future update because we need so many things on a human scale for that to be additive and enjoyable.”
Another point of contention was the intersection between scientific accuracy and player-focused artistry. The team initially intended for space to be a realistically silent vacuum, but that proved problematic. “David was keen on us doing that because they wanted to stick with our scientific principles,” recalls Frontier head of audio Jim Croft. “We tried it and implemented a version and it was boring as hell [laughs]. There was no sense of motion through space and you didn't feel connected to your ship. So we started again. We thought about the sci-fi stuff we love and have been informed by over the years: Ben Burtt [Star Wars, Indiana Jones, WALL-E], who did the pod racers, and the bikes in Tron. We had all those things in mind, and we wanted to bring some of that sexiness into it and have a go at doing something really different and interesting.”
Lead sound designer Joe Hogan concocted a recipe for the Sidewinder's engines and, once refined, that template was handed out so other designers could work on the different ship manufacturers to ensure the craft had different qualities. “For us, the ship's the player in Elite Dangerous,” Croft explains. “You're flying most of the time through the blackness of space and you really want your character – the ship – to experience things like speed, acceleration and mass motion in different ways. We just found we'd hit on something really core to what the enjoyable experience of Elite is. And that's quite unusual for a game – I've worked on a lot of games and sound is very important, but Elite is a very special vehicle for audio.”
At the end of 2015, Frontier launched Horizons – a second season for the ongoing Dangerous project – initially introducing planetary landings and Surface Recon Vehicles. It represents an opportunity to continue development. “It's amazing,” Braben says. “No game is ever complete or perfect; there are always more things you want to do on it. There's an amazing story about Turner sneaking into the Royal Society at night to add something to a painting he'd been itching to alter. With the original Elite there were things we wanted to do and we were constrained by both time and memory. So to be able to continuously update something is what I've always wanted – it's a wonderful opportunity.
"No game is ever complete or perfect; there are always more things you want to do on it"
“Overall, there are a lot of things I feel we're getting better at, but we're still not there. Having a mission structure that works for everybody across such a giant galaxy, for example – we're improving it in stages, and it's getting better and better. And let's face it, we got the learning curve side of things wrong – it was just too difficult.”
Along with finessing mission structure and adding tutorials, Frontier's most recent Elite-related project, Elite Dangerous: Arena, attempts to help address that issue by parcelling up the moreish combat mechanics into a standalone, accessible CQC multiplayer game to function as a stepping stone to the full game's greater complexity.
With each addition, Elite Dangerous grows in scope, and it's clear Braben relishes the chance to indulge their ambitions. But even in a position of proven success, it's no less nerve-wracking to hand your passion project over to players. “The game is building and improving, and doing it in the public eye is very interesting because it concentrates the mind,” they admit. “The Internet can be a cruel place, but there is a lot of good, well-meaning people out there who want to make sure that we do make it better. Some of [those requests] are quite big asks, but we respond to most of them as best we can.
"Elite Dangerous has never been better, but letting go of a game is sort of like sending your child off to school and they get beaten up in the playground. You want to give them a baseball bat.”
This feature originally appeared in Edge. Issue 292, a VR special, is available now. To try a free two-issue Edge subscription, click here for iOS or here for Google Play Newsstand.
This election has two distinctly different directions for America. My heart is heavy! I, like so many Americans, am concerned for the future of this land that I love.
We are at a crossroads. Every vote matters. Never, in my lifetime has there been so much division, so much hostility, so much frustration, so much blatant bias and so much lingering confusion.
As a college educated woman, I represent the demographic that is supposedly the swing vote in this election. As a pro-life Christian conservative, the choice for me is very clear but I realize the choice is not as clear to those who remain undecided. So it is to the undecided, particularly women and people of faith, I offer the following as guideposts to better discern how to make a wise and thoughtful decision.
There is no perfect candidate, and the media magnifies their flaws. For some, the choice is for the lesser of two evils, because of their personalities instead of their vision.
Supporting Mr. Trump for president does not mean I have ignored their past or indefensible comments, but I do accept their apologies. I completely understand why some women would still be undecided.
Each candidate has a distinctly different philosophy of the role of government and the issues we face. Secretary Clinton is a liberal- leaning Democrat and a refined career politician representing the political establishment. Mr. Trump is a successful businessman, an outsider who speaks their mind and who often wears their emotions on their sleeve.
Supporting Mr. Trump for president does not mean I have ignored their past or indefensible comments, but I do accept their apologies. I completely understand why some women would still be undecided.
These issues are personal to me. I survived childhood sexual abuse and a date rape at age 22. As President of Enough Is Enough for the last 23 years, I have been on the frontlines fighting to prevent the sexual exploitation of children and women, fighting to stop the pornification of our culture, and fighting to curb sexual predation.
However when I met Mr. Trump two years ago at CPAC, they were a kind and gracious gentlemen. They applauded me in front of a crowd of people for taking the high road during the 1987 presidential scandal. They had not yet announced their presidency, but they told me that they had to run.
I immediately saw their passion for America, the conviction in their eyes, and a fire in their belly that was driving them to run in spite of the cost.
God is in the business of using flawed people who They humbled and molded into great leaders.
Our country is framed by our Constitution as one nation, under God. I believe the philosophy of Mr. Trump and Governor Pence most closely mirrors a government for the people and by the people. President Reagan said it best over 50 years ago, 'The issue of this election is whether we believe in our capacity for self-government or whether we abandon the American Revolution and confess that a little intellectual elite in a far-distant capital can plan our lives for us better than we can plan them for ourselves.” Our parties themselves represent two distinctive worldviews.
We as Christians must closely examine each party platform to discover which position best line up with our Judeo-Christian worldview and the Word of God.
One of the most important and unavoidable issues is the issue of life. Abortion on demand is one of the great scourges on our nation.
I strongly believe that our Founders' intent when writing the Declaration of Independence that all humankind are endowed by their Creator with the inalienable rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, meant from womb to tomb.
The Trump/Pence ticket stands strong on so many of these issues that truly matter, from Israel to a prosperous thriving economy. I believe that they will lead America forward, and best solve the challenges of a failed economy, inexcusable unemployment, a broken immigration system, an unfair tax system, corruption in politics, unfavorable trade deals, shaky foreign policy, failed Obamacare, out of control national debt and a diminished military which must be strengthened in order to defend against radical Islamists terrorists and terrorist nations who have declared war on America and our ally Israel.
As CEO of Enough Is Enough (EIE), I also view Internet safety as a key issue since it's the 4th ranked health concern for U.S. children. This summer, as the “law and order” candidate, Donald Trump signed The Children's Internet Safety Presidential Pledge, developed by EIE. The Pledge was sent to all Presidential Candidates, calling upon them, if elected President to make a pledge to defend the innocence and dignity of America's children by enforcing the existing federal laws and advancing public policies designed to prevent the sexual exploitation of children online and to make the Internet safer for all. In all fairness to Secretary Clinton, they sent a letter supporting the goals of the Pledge which is encouraging.
In addition, I am encouraged that Mr. Trump has chosen a solid group of conservative, principled and talented leaders to serve by their side during their campaign. They have assembled an evangelical advisory council of top Christian leaders who are advising them on key issues; and, they are listening. Most of these people are not part of the political elite. We are not only voting for President and VP but we are in effect voting for over 7000 political appointees and individuals who will serve in their administration. In a recent article, Mariam Bell wrote: “We vote FOR the 4,000+ political appointees who will run all the agencies, departments and programs. We vote FOR the 3,000+ appointments to boards and commissions the next president will make. We FOR all those 300+ who will be appointed to the judiciary, including the Supreme Court — whose rulings will impact our country for the next fifty years, not just four. The next president will appoint a cabinet and has already selected a vice president.”
Finally it is perhaps the most crucial of all considerations for the voter. The President serves for only 4-8 years, a Supreme Court Justice serves for life with the average term being 30 years. Our next President will likely appoint at least 3 justices, who will determine the trajectory of our Nation for generations to come. Mr. Trump has committed to appoint pro-life constitutionalist judges like Antonin Scalia. Secretary Clinton on the other hand said they would appoint pro-abortion judges, claiming, “I will defend Planned Parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade, and I will defend women's rights to make their own health care decisions.” Code for I will not defend the sanctity of life for unborn Americans.
Former Attorney General Ed Meese said in a speech to the Federalist Society that “An activist jurisprudence, one which anchors the Constitution only in the consciences of jurists…. is a chameleon jurisprudence, changing color and form in each era.” They also said that a true approach “must respect the Constitution in all its parts and be faithful to the Constitution in its entirety.” Trump and Pence agree, and so do I.
Responsible citizens must vote. Every vote matters. It cannot be wasted. In the famous words of John F. Kennedy, ask not, what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.” Start by voting!
Android getting “DNS over TLS” support to stop ISPs from knowing what websites you visit
A DNS (Domain Name Server) is what translates a website address from a URL that you enter to an IP address which your computer actually connects to. For example, when you type “www.xda-developers.com” into your browser, your computer queries a DNS which looks up and returns the IP address “209.58.128.90” to the client. This process is hidden from the user, but every website you visit (so long as it has a human-readable URL) will go through this same process. The problem for those security conscious out there is that these requests are done in plain text through UDP or TCP protocols which are readable by anyone that can see your connection, including your ISP. This is where DNS over TLS comes in.
DNS over TLS is a protocol where DNS queries will be encrypted to the same level as HTTPS and thus a DNS can't actually log or see the websites you visit. This uses TLS, or Transport Layer Security, to achieve this encryption. This does require the DNS you are using to have DNS over TLS support, though, but it's a start. Users can switch to Google's DNS if they wish to benefit from DNS over TLS.
It appears that “DNS over TLS” support is being added to Android, according to several commits added to the Android Open Source Project (AOSP). The addition in the Android repository shows that a new setting will be added under Developer Options allowing users to turn on or off DNS over TLS. Presumably, if such an option is being added to Developer Options, then that means it is in testing and may arrive in a future version of Android such as version 8.1.
About half of all website traffic is now encrypted, and adding DNS over TLS will work to further improve user privacy. Keep in mind that most DNS does not support this encryption, and changing the mobile DNS on your phone requires either root access or the use of a VPN app.
Addendum: Do note that TLS over DNS will not lead to full privacy with the flip of a toggle. If a different DNS service provider you decide to connect to do opt to enable DNS over TLS, they'll get your DNS traffic instead of your ISP. DNS requests will be encrypted, but the DNS over TLS server still gets to see your DNS traffic, though that alone might be a step above using your ISP's servers without TLS over DNS. At least this way, your ISP won't be able to attach your queries to the IP you've been assigned, and thus your name.
The handshake between servers via Server Name Indication (SNI) that allows for a connection to be established can still be seen by your ISP (and they can log it under your name). In order to fully hide yourself, then, you will need a VPN to route the DNS queries, which can otherwise be seen by your ISP, to a DNS over TLS server. As long as you trust your VPN provider, you should now be more hidden than ever on Android. So while this feature isn't straightforwardly allowing you to be fully anonymous by virtue of having a DNS over TLS toggle, it does enable you to hide DNS requests from ISPs, and to hide requests and traffic if you are willing to put in some extra work.
On this episode, I will be reading some recent AK news events as well as discussing the Hungarian AMD-65.
Hungarian AK page:
http://www.kalasnyikov.hu
Announcements:
We are having a FRN listener meet up at the NRA Show in Louisville!
Arrangements have been made for us at Cardinal Hall of Fame Cafe. We have the Freedom Hall Room reserved for Saturday May 21st at 7pm.
It is just outside the north gates of the parking lot to the fairgrounds where the NRA is being held.
http://www.cardinalhalloffamecafe.com
————————————————-
Patriot Patch Company helps make this episode of AK47 Radio possible. Check out their AK47 t-shirt and Wolverines Patch at Patriotpatch.co
Hey guys, Thanks for listening. Head on over to firearmsradio.tv to share any questions or comments. Or, email me at AK47RadioPodcast@Gmail.com
Follow us on facebook at facebook.com/ak47radioshow.
Don't forget to check out all the other shows on the Firearms Radio Network
YouTube video spoof lands Minn. man in Dubai prison
A Minnesota man is being held in prison in Dubai for what their family says was a satirical video posted to YouTube.
Shezanne Cassim went to high school in Woodbury and attended the University of Minnesota. They were arrested in April for a spoof they put on YouTube last year.
He's being prosecuted under an Internet-related law that went into effect after they made the video and posted it, said Susan Burns, an attorney and friend of Cassim's family. They've been struggling to deal with the justice system in Dubai, Burns added.
"For a country that is holding itself out as a modern country, you would think that they would want to adhere to human rights laws," they said. "The way this case is progressing indicates the opposite."
Cassim is awaiting sentencing after a brief trial earlier this year, they added. Their 19-minute, English-language mock documentary is still available on YouTube. Supporters say authorities in Dubai have only recently requested a translation of the video, after their trial was held.
Overview (2)
Mini Bio (1)
John de Lancie was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They attended Kent State University where they won a scholarship to Juilliard. John's father was a professional oboist with the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra. de Lancie is probably best known for their portrayal as Eugene Bradford on Days of Our Lives (1965) and the iconic, all-powerful Q on Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987).
- IMDb Mini Biography By: Ron181 (RHall96319@aol.com)
Spouse (1)
trademark (2)
Deep resonant voice
Trivia (22)
In seven seasons, they made eight appearances on Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987).
Was a celebrity spokesperson for Compaq computers. Their son, Keegan de Lancie , appears in commercials for Dell computers.
Good friends with fellow "Star Trek" alumna Kate Mulgrew
Formed "Alien Voices" in 1996 with Leonard Nimoy and writer-producer Nat Segaloff . "Alien Voices" does audio remakes of classic science fiction and fantasy stories including The Time Machine, The Lost World, etc.
They were both the first and last credited guest star seen in Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987).
In addition to their acting career, they host the children's series of the Los Angeles Philharmonic (2005).
One of their first Star Trek conventions after playing the role of "Q" was with George Takei at "Starbase 21" in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1987.
The first prevision of their role as Q was when they appeared in Little Women: Pilot (1978) with William Shatner , who played Captain James T. Kirk on the original Star Trek (1966) series and subsequent movies.
Their Star Trek character "Q" was named for British fan Janet Quarton and close friend of the late Gene Roddenberry
Is one of only 26 actors that have acted in both the Doctor Who and Star Trek franchises.
They helped create and co-hosts "Star Trek: The Music", a concert presentation with narration, with the Toronto Symphony. Their co-host is fellow actor Robert Picardo , who portrayed the Doctor on Star Trek: Voyager (1995). [June 2008]
In 1987, John DeLancie, perhaps unwittingly, carried on an interesting tradition. In the 1960s, the original Star Trek and original Mission: Impossible frequently used the same cast of character actors as guest stars since both were creations of Desilu Studios. When both Mission: Impossible and Star Trek were relaunched, DeLancie played the villain for both pilots.
Character actor of immense talent that is facially confused by attendees with John Larroquette , as being [tbc] a public attendee of the most densely packed (UK non-Award), celebrity event 'Save the Rose Theatre' campaigns, public PR day, May 1989.
In a 2012 interview, John de Lancie recalled their original audition for the role of Q, after which the show's legendary creator Gene Roddenberry approached him, touched them on the shoulder, and said, 'You make my writing sound better than it is'.
Personal Quotes (3)
[on My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (2010)] Roddenberry warned me that I had no idea what I was getting into with Star Trek. Someone should have warned me about My Little Pony! Egads!
On Q: "He's mad, bad and dangerous to know".
It's just me doing a job.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, who was given political asylum in Russia after being stranded at a Moscow airport, is adjusting to their new life quite well, their Russian lawyer reports. They have a job, their Russian's improving and has no plans to leave.
“He is still working for a Russian company. Their salary is commensurate with their skill level, so they have no problems making a living,” Anatoly Kucherena told journalists.
The lawyer, who is representing Snowden pro bono, said they wouldn't reveal details of the American fugitive's private life, but assured that they are quite happy with their new life in Russia.
“He is starting to speak Russian, knows some of the words,” they said. “He is fine and as far as I know they have no intention to leave Russia.”
Kucherena added that according to their information, Snowden has not married yet and is not planning to do so anytime soon.
READ MORE: Snowden documentary CitizenFour wins DGA award for director Laura Poitras
Snowden is a former NSA employee who revealed massive programs of electronic surveillance by the US government and its allies worldwide. The revelations sparked a heated debate in the West on how invasive a government can be into private lives without overstepping its authority.
The US wants Snowden prosecuted for espionage, while many US public figures called them a traitor. Their supporters call them a champion of human rights who exposed outrageous breaches of privacy by the NSA and other government agencies.
The whistleblower became stranded at Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport in June 2013 after the US government revoked their passport while they were in the air, making them unable to leave Russia legally. In August 2013, they were granted a one-year political asylum in Russia, which was then extended for three more years.
READ MORE: ‘When you collect everything, you understand nothing' – Snowden
Snowden has been living a life mostly cloistered from the public.
They're just small, beige cardboard rectangles tied to a chain link fence, two of the most innocuous, everyday objects imaginable.
They almost look like price tags — and in a way, that's exactly what they are. In this case, though, the cost is a human life, as each toe tag bears the name of a victim of gun violence:
Kelvin Davis. Tyrone Wells. Pebo. Day Day. Malcolm Lassiter.
On a recent day, the sight was enough to tear open Kathleen Cooper's heart.
"Behind every toe tag, there is a broken parent, cousin or friend," Cooper, a youth mentor with the Delta Sigma Theta sorority, told a group of kids who attended a daylong summit on teen violence at the museum. For her, to name the victims of gun violence they know would be to leave someone out.
"There have been so many," they said. "Behind every makeshift shrine there is someone who is grieving. I have seen the effects that guns have had on our generation. We live in a world that has become desensitized to needless violence."
But they added: "These names also give me strength. Even though I've lost people, we have to go on living our lives and dreaming our dreams. We owe that to the people who didn't make it."
The fence, which is on display at the Reginald F. Lewis Museum of Maryland African American History & Culture through Jan. 8, is backed by a wall the color of blood. A piece of yellow crime scene tape is draped over the links. The museum staff has placed in front of the fence the poignant tributes commonly found at scenes where people have been killed: teddy bears, white candles, bouquets of flowers, a heart-shaped stuffed pillow.
Baltimore ranks as one of America's most lethal cities. One in three people shot in Baltimore dies, a recent Baltimore Sun investigation into gun violence across the country found. That dubious distinction is shared by Washington and New Orleans.
Meanwhile, homicides have spiked. In Baltimore, more than 260 people have been killed so far this year, 85 percent by shooting. Last year, 344 people were killed, 300 by gunfire.
Part art installation and part roadside memorial, the fence accompanies the museum exhibit "Kin Killin' Kin." In the two weeks that it has been on view, it has elicited a visceral response from visitors who are invited to attach to the fence the names of their family members, friends and acquaintances who have been shooting victims.
Tay, a.k.a. "40." JoJo. Josh. Jolley. Marquis. Don the Bon.
Charles Bethea came up with the idea for the fence in 2013, when they were a chief curator of Chicago's DuSable Museum of African American History. The DuSable was about to host a "Kin Killin' Kin," a provocative touring art exhibit by Ohio-based artist James Pate. Bethea, who now has a similar job at the Lewis, later arranged for Pate's exhibit to come to Baltimore.
Pate tackles the crisis of urban homicides through a series of charcoal drawings that portray young African-American men committing violent acts. Instead of street clothes, Pate's subjects wear Ku Klux Klan-style robes. The artist has said their series was inspired by conversations in the community comparing the consequences of gang- and drug-related shootings to the devastation wrought by the Klan.
As they put it when the exhibit opened: "Through this work, I'm throwing a tantrum."
Bethea thought that inviting visitors to memorialize the victims of gun violence on toe tags would drive home the immense toll exacted on the local population. In Chicago, the fence wrapped around all four walls of the gallery.
"Initially, we bought two boxes of toe tags that each came in quantities of 500," Bethea said of the Chicago exhibit. "But during the course of the exhibition we began to run out. We had to buy a third box and then a fourth. By the time the exhibit closed, we could not see the fence for the toe tags that covered it."
The fence at the Lewis is smaller, roughly 4 feet high by 12 feet wide. Many of the metal links remain uncovered. But more toe tags go up every day.
Justis. Jamal Ross. Alonzo Gladden. Razor. Michael Bates.
In their 37 years, Kalicia Butler-Hutchins has crossed paths with so many victims of gun violence that they have lost count. But it was the shooting they witnessed as a girl in Philadelphia in 1988 that hit them the hardest.
"A bunch of us kids were playing in the street," they said. "Hopscotch, Double Dutch jump rope, a basketball game called 'King.' Before you know it, a drug dealer is running from cops and down the block. Before you know it, there is an exchange of bullets and a little girl is dead."
As an adult, Butler-Hutchins moved to St. Mary's County, hoping to shield their 13-year-old daughter, Ronnie Butler, from the emotional wounds that they themselves had experienced.
But not long ago, Ronnie came home from school and found a family member in tears, saying that a 10-year-old relative had been shot and killed in Baltimore by street gang members.
So on Saturday, Ronnie added a toe tag to the fence, with a heart drawn in black marker next to their nickname:
Lil' Man.
The Lewis isn't content merely to depict victims of gun violence.
The museum staff is also trying to devise ways to combat it, such as a recent summit on teen violence. The daylong event brought about 120 teens from across the state to help them deal with gun-induced trauma and to brainstorm possible solutions. There were workshops on conflict resolution and on using art to vent feelings and advance social change.
"You have to express yourself," said 13-year-old Danielle Wade of Lexington Park in St. Mary's County, who attended the summit. "You have to use your voice to represent all the people killed by guns and violence. They should not have died. They should have lived longer."
As museum volunteer Martha Syed listened to one presentation to the teens, they couldn't help wondering if anything could have prevented the death of their sister's son.
"He stole from their drug dealer," they said. "He was shot seven times. When they died, it took from my sister almost all the strength they had left."
Syed isn't sure if they want to add their toe tag to the wall. She'll have to think about it, but if they ever does, the tag will say:
My nephew.
During one session, moderator Ashley "Epiphany" Hodges of the Speak Life Tour asked the young participants how many of them know someone who has been shot. About half of the two dozen kids in the room raised their hands.
Hodges gestured to one of Pate's artworks depicting African-American men in white, pointed hoods aiming guns at each other's heads.
This is part 4 in an ongoing series of play reports. Get started with part 1.
Hello, fellow Guard mice, and welcome to the recap of our latest session of Mouse Guard. This time the session was a bit shorter, but that doesn't mean we skimped on the drama and action!
If you recall, when we last left the patrol, Finn and Quinn had successfully pushed Willow — the lead actor of a potentially seditious acting troupe — into allowing Honeymeade—the conspirator being sought by the patrol — to reveal herself. With the insurgent before them, the two patrol mice now had to figure out some way of getting Honeymeade to come with them, as the patrol had orders to bring the actor to Mouse Guard headquarters. Thinking quickly, Quinn decided to convince the rebel that they and Finn were defecting from the Guard, and wanted to join the insurrection. Honeymeade decided to hear them out, but as Quinn was about to start their pitch, Jasper and Aengus came walking down the path from town towards the camp.
Having spent the evening driving off a bullfrog and then trekking the remaining miles to Dawnrock with a bereft child in-tow, the late-comers were completely unaware of their companions' plan and were merely intent on rejoining their fellows. Luckily for everyone, Finn spotted the two coming out of the town, and made a quick excuse to go relieve himself, hoping Jasper or Aengus would see them leave and try to meet up with him. Honeymeade was suspicious, of course, and ordered one of their fellow actors to accompany Finn, to “make sure nothing happened while they were in the woods.”
Hustle the Hustler
While Finn was off doing their business, Quinn continued their line of trying to convince Honeymeade they and Finn were disillusioned with the guard, and had heard from Wulfrid (their prisoner/contact from the previous mission) that the troupe was a good place for them to go. Now, this would have been a great place to have a conflict, but I knew our session was going to be short this time, and so I opted to let it come down to a simple versus test instead. Quinn came out on top, but only just, so Honeymeade asked them to prove their commitment; they and Finn would take a few of the other actors into town that evening and steal some weapons from the local garrison. Afterwards, they would rendezvous with the rest of the troupe along the road. Not having any alternative, Quinn promised to get it done, just as Finn was returning.
Potty Break
While Quinn was making their play with Honeymeade, Finn had been escorted into the woods. Rather than answering the call of nature, however, they were hoping Jasper and Aengus would be nearby. Luckily, their two companions had seen him, and made themselves known. While their escort was busy doing their business, Finn was able to quickly let Jasper and Aengus know what was happening. They didn't have time to lay out too much of the plan, however, before they were taken back to the camp. Upon returning, Quinn told them what Honeymeade had tasked them with doing, and the two of them tried to figure out the best way to break off from the actors and inform Jasper and Aengus of the full plan.
Reunited and It Feels So Good
With Quinn and Finn trying to figure out how to ditch Honeymeade's cohorts for a bit, it was on Jasper and Aengus to get the ball rolling. Jasper, once again acting against their nature, strode into the actor's camp and loudly demanded to know why Quinn and Finn were fooling around, instead of doing their jobs. Quickly picking up the thread, Finn made apologies and then told the actors they'd have to come back later for “that drink we promised you,” all the while shrugging towards Jasper as if to say “you know how it goes with the boss.” Another good roll, and the troupe bought it, leaving the four Guard mice to leave and hash out a quick plan.
After a bit of back-and-forth amongst the group, it was decided that the easiest way to accomplish the mission (that is, to grab Honeymeade and take them to Lockhaven) would be to take the direct approach; Quinn and Finn would return to the camp and bring the two conspirators with them back to town, where-in Jasper and Aengus would ambush them. With two of the members of the troupe out of commission, the entire patrol would then descend upon the camp, hoping their training and reputation would carry them and allow them to capture their quarry.
Their plan of attack decided, the patrol set things into motion. Quinn and Finn returned to the camp and collected their escorts. Again, owing to the lack of time for the session, we didn't use the conflict system. Instead, after a few dice rolls (including some fate and persona), the group had subdued the two insurgents and were poised to attack the camp… next time.
Democratic presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton shakes hands with rival candidate and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders (L) and thanks them for saying that they and the American people are sick of hearing about their State Department email controversy and want to hear about issues that effect their lives as they participate in the first official Democratic candidates debate of the 2016 presidential campaign in Las Vegas, Nevada October 13, 2015. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign raised $33 million in the last quarter of 2015, providing them the resources to remain a formidable challenger to Hillary Clinton with less than a month left until the first ballots are cast in Iowa.
"This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics," Sanders' campaign chief said Saturday in a statement.
The self-proclaimed democratic socialist took in $73 million on the year, a figure most thought unimaginable when Sanders launched their dark horse candidacy in April. Their campaign says it has about $28 million cash on hand.
Meanwhile, Clinton reported $37 million raised in the final quarter, bringing their total haul for the year to $112 million, with $38 million still in the bank.
Despite the apparent money edge Clinton has over their rival, Sanders' fundraising haul assures that they won't be able to deliver the knockout blow they have sought.
After a turbulent summer where questions about Clinton's use of a private email server while acting as Secretary of State washed away their veneer of inevitability and allowed Sanders to narrow the gap in the polls, the former First Lady has regained control of the race.
As a result, Clinton has increasingly turned their focus to the general election. They refused to be drawn into contentious arguments with Sanders during last month's Democratic debate and has begun saving their best campaign barbs for Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump, who has accused them of exploiting women while calling former President Bill Clinton "one of the great women abusers of all time."
getty Sanders' fundraising means they will be able to maintain their elaborate ground operation in Iowa. The New York Times reports that they have organizers sprinkled liberally throughout the Hawkeye State who will work to turn out the vote on Feb. 1.
Clinton leads in the most recent Iowa polls, but a surprise win or better-than-expected showing by Sanders could spark a fresh round of donations from liberal Democrats ahead of the Feb. 20 New Hampshire primary, where Sanders has the edge in the polls.
A win in the Granite State would keep the river of fundraising flowing and threaten to drag the Democratic primary well into the spring, an outcome Clinton desperately hopes to avoid.
They want to pivot their high-tech organization into a general election machine capable of overcoming the apparent "enthusiasm gap" between Democrats and Republicans.
For example, the latest CNN/ORC International poll found 36 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents said they were "very enthusiastic" about voting for president next year, compared to just 19 percent of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents.
The more cash Sanders receives, the longer they can hang around and potentially distract Clinton. A protracted battle could become hostile and further taint liberals' opinion of Clinton, perhaps causing them to stay at home on Election Day in November.
“This book has a lot going for it. There's an immensely likable protagonist and their marvelous twin friends, a school life that feels true and a mystery that really engages the reader.” San Francisco Review of Books
"Readers after funny fare will enjoy the book's absurdities, alien misunderstandings, and wordplay." Booklist
"Clever ... a sci-fi narrative with an enjoyable main character." Kirkus
"A strong character snags interest and keeps it... clever humor and a great central protagonist to carry readers along to the end." Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books
"Librarians will find that young readers empathize with the birdwatcher and their friends...children will enjoy the school and friendship aspects of the [funny adventure]." Teacher Librarian Magazine
“…an intergalactic adventure [with] an interesting premise…” School Library Journal
CAMP NAI NAI NAI
The First Jewish Summer Camp for Adults
Whether you are Conservative or Reform, Orthodox or just Jew-ish, you definitely know what to do when you get to the “Nai Nai Nai” part of the songs and prayers. That part's easy ... That part's for everyone! So is Camp Nai Nai Nai.
Camp Nai Nai Nai is the first ever Jewish Summer Camp that's just for grown-ups. All denominations are welcome and we do our best to accommodate the varieties of Jewish observance.
Just like at camp when we were kids, we'll show our RUACH as we sing the prayers before and after the meals. Also just like at camp, boys' and girls' bunks will be separated, but this time, sneaking out is encouraged!
With all the campfires and flashlight tag we'll have at camp, Shabbat will not be fully observed, but it will be celebrated with a Friday Night & Saturday Morning (optional) Community Shabbat Service, as well as an all-camp Havdallah Service on Saturday night.
Our camp community gathers to eat in our state of the art Chadar Ochel (dining hall). As well as accommodating all dietary restrictions, our camp is Glatt Kosher ( with a Kosher kitchen under the supervision of Star-K Kashrut).
RULES
Imagine a place where adults really let go, laugh uncontrollably, sing during meals, and stay up late sharing secrets. Where the only thing to binge on is Arts and Crafts and the only liquid courage is the sweat earned from color wars or the camp dance. That's Camp Nai Nai Nai! These rules were created to help make that vision a reality ...
No Digital Technology : The use of all digital technology is strictly prohibited at camp. This includes all gadgets including but not limited to fax machines, Game Boys, PS3's, computers, cellular telephones, pages, eBooks, iPods, GPS systems, digital cameras, calculator watches, and any other form of digital technology
: The use of all digital technology is strictly prohibited at camp. This includes all gadgets including but not limited to fax machines, Game Boys, PS3's, computers, cellular telephones, pages, eBooks, iPods, GPS systems, digital cameras, calculator watches, and any other form of digital technology Adults Only : This is a summer camp for adults. Leave your children and pets at home. Yes, imaginary friends are welcome.
: This is a summer camp for adults. Leave your children and pets at home. Yes, imaginary friends are welcome. Leave Time Behind: We do not wear watches or worry about strict schedules. Together we'll rise with the sun and fall asleep under the stars, leaving the world of alarms and clocks behind, enjoying each moment as it is experienced. And no matter where you are, you are always right on time. Sundials, however, are encouraged.
We do not wear watches or worry about strict schedules. Together we'll rise with the sun and fall asleep under the stars, leaving the world of alarms and clocks behind, enjoying each moment as it is experienced. And no matter where you are, you are always right on time. Sundials, however, are encouraged. No W-Talk: Talking about work is strictly prohibited at Camp Nai Nai Nai. This is not the place to network or find connections for your J-O-B; camp is for making friends and memories.
Talking about work is strictly prohibited at Camp Nai Nai Nai. This is not the place to network or find connections for your J-O-B; camp is for making friends and memories. Age Doesn't Matter: As far as we're concerned, we are all just big kids and your age doesn't matter. Especially when it comes to falling in love, taking advice, telling secrets under the stars or sharing a game of capture the flag.
As far as we're concerned, we are all just big kids and your age doesn't matter. Especially when it comes to falling in love, taking advice, telling secrets under the stars or sharing a game of capture the flag. No Drugs or Alcohol: We ask that you help create a healthy space for everyone, away from the world of adult distraction (drugs or alcohol). This is a camp created to help you stay grounded and celebrate life.
We ask that you help create a healthy space for everyone, away from the world of adult distraction (drugs or alcohol). This is a camp created to help you stay grounded and celebrate life. No Wearables: All digital technology is prohibited, including gadgets that tell you how many steps you've walked or if you are thirsty. Mindfulness and deep breaths will help us get more in touch sans wearables. Name tags and face paint will be provided.
All digital technology is prohibited, including gadgets that tell you how many steps you've walked or if you are thirsty. Mindfulness and deep breaths will help us get more in touch sans wearables. Name tags and face paint will be provided. No Glowsticks, Glitter, of Blight Blinky Lights: We're going to the woods to give our eyes a break. Please help us to limit our visual pollution at night so we can let the stars do the talking.
FINE PRINT
Camp Nai Nai Nai is a Jewish Summer Camp for Adults. This camp is meant for Jews of all denominations, traditions, backgrounds, colors, and orientations. Admission to Camp Nai Nai Nai is based, in part, on the merit of the responses given during registration. During registration, take a few minutes to answer the questions honestly and thoughtfully. There are no right or wrong answers here - we just want to get a sense of who you are and what motivates you to come to camp. Your answers to these questions will be kept strictly confidential. These responses (and your personal information above) will not be shared with any person or organization outside of Camp Nai Nai Nai. Registration is not complete until my answers above have been reviewed and you receive a final confirmation email from Camp Nai Nai Nai.
Purchase of a Camp Nai Nai Nai ticket indicates that you have read and agree to comply with the Camp Nai Nai Nai cancellation policy.
CANCELLATION POLICY
THIS POLICY IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE; ALL REGISTERED CAMPERS WILL BE NOTIFIED OF ANY CHANGES.
If you need to cancel for any reason and would like a partial refund, you must notify NaiNaiNai@TheDigitalDetox.org at least 30 Days out from your selected session.
Tickets cancelled 100 Days from camp will receive a refund less 25% of your purchased ticket price.
Tickets cancelled between 99 Days out from camp and 30 Days out from camp will receive a refund less 50% of your purchased ticket price.
There will be no refunds or transfers 29 Days out from camp.
After July 2nd, 2016, all tickets are non-refundable and non-transferable.
In the unlikely event that a session is cancelled and not rescheduled, we will refund all tickets. We will not, however, be able to refund flight, hotel, or other purchases people may make. Listed workshops, activities, camp location and gate times are confirmed -- however, all programming, times and camp location are subject to change. If the event is rescheduled, tickets will not be refunded; they will be valid for the rescheduled event's entry instead. Purchase of a ticket indicates that you have read and agree to comply with this cancellation policy. This policy is subject to change; all registered attendees will be notified of any changes.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said on Tuesday that China had decided to designate a Chinese investment bank as a clearing back for renminbi business in New York.
They did not name the Chinese investment bank when making the announcement at a business dinner in New York, where they have been attending the United Nations General Assembly.
“As I am in New York, I want to say that we have decided to designate a Chinese investment bank as a clearing bank for RMB in New York,” they said.
“And we also welcome those foreign banks in New York which meet the eligibility requirements to become clearing banks for Chinese RMB business. I am sure that will only further boost our engagement.”
Li also pledged that China would not engineer a devaluation of its currency to boost exports as its economy grows at its slowest rate in two decades.
Some critics in Washington have charged that Beijing is still manipulating its currency, although the U.S. Treasury says its assessment is that it is not undervalued.
A proposed change to the NCAA rule for illegal men downfield could make a big impact on how some offenses operate, via the AP's Ralph Russo. The current rule allows offensive linemen to move 3 yards beyond the line of scrimmage on passing plays, and the proposed change would pull that back to only 1 yard beyond the line, which is the rule in the NFL.
The proposal will be voted on in March, and if approved, will go into effect for the 2015 season.
This would make it extremely difficult to pull off some of football's trendiest plays without committing a penalty for illegal man downfield. The play has become more common over the past few seasons, with Auburn's Gus Malzahn being the most notable coach to use it. Auburn would be far from the only team affected by this rule change, though.
This piece from SB Nation's Ian Boyd goes into great detail about the pop pass and its origins, but the short description goes like this: A pop pass is a play in which the offensive line run blocks and the quarterback shows run before pulling up for a pass at the last second. It's a devastating play when pulled off correctly, but it frequently involves offensive linemen well beyond the 3-yard limit.
The pop pass may not exactly be commonplace, but it's prevalent enough to have seeped into the NFL, a development that Seattle Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll attributed to Malzahn.
“Our usual rule of thumb is that for every 100,000 characters of Japanese text, we'll try to allot at least one month of time to get it properly translated and edited – but that's not always possible, since we typically have to coordinate our efforts with the Japanese dev team, and their availability, or lack thereof, often necessitates speeding things up a bit.”
When it's crunch time and translation needs to be sped up, additional people will be brought on board, although even this can create challenges of its own.
“It's when we have to speed things up that we start adding new translators and editors into the mix, since it's usually best to keep that number than low as possible, with one translator and one editor being ideal,” explains Lipschultz. “The reason for this is because each translator and editor has his/her own style, and it's often tough to fuse multiple styles together into a cohesive whole.
At present Lipschultz is reluctant to try automatic translation software, as they fear it would jeopardise the level of quality more than it would help.
“I guess I just haven't yet been convinced that automatic translation software and the like would actually help me do my job,” they say. “Even the software I've heard about that auto-completes cells for you when it finds duplicate text in the files is something I've always been hesitant to use, because duplicate text won't always have the same translation from one instance to the next in such a context-heavy language as Japanese. In short, technology could speed up the process, but it would do so at the cost of quality control, I feel.”
A bit much to fit into the title but they talk about the localization process and why Automatic translation won't work for a long time if ever when it comes to JP -> EN translation.Some choice quotes:Read the whole article here
Sonowal said building a tobacco-free society was the duty of every citizen and asked all MLAs and ministers to take a proactive role and sensitise public representatives even at the gaon panchayat levels for generating awareness on it. (PTI)
Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal today appealed people to mobilise public activism towards making the society tobacco-free.
“There must be activism from society to generate awareness against tobacco and its associated health hazards,” Sonowal said.
They were speaking at an awareness programme on Tobacco Free Assam on the theme ‘Save our Children' held at the Central Hall of Assam Legislative Assembly here.
“Smoking must be addressed with all intensity. Passive smoking is as dangerous as active smoking and everybody in the society, including public representatives, must take a pledge for a tobacco-free society”, they said.
Sonowal said building a tobacco-free society was the duty of every citizen and asked all MLAs and ministers to take a proactive role and sensitise public representatives even at the gaon panchayat levels for generating awareness on it.
They urged upon all organisations mandated to work for the people to organise awareness drive against tobacco.
The Chief Minister also stressed the need for a ‘signature campaign' to mobilise public opinion against tobacco use.
Assembly speaker Ranjeet Kumar Dass, Deputy Speaker Dilip Paul, Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Chandra Mohan Patowary, Environment and Forest minister Pramila Rani Brahma, PWD minister Parimal Suklabaidya, Congress Legislature Party leader Debabrata Saikia were among others present on the occasion.
Boston Bruins
NHL 14: Boston Bruins Guide
Written By: JCol32
Founded: 1924
Championships: 6 (1928-29, 1938-39, 1940-41, 1969-70, 1971-72, 2010-11)
History:
An Original Six franchise, the Boston Bruins are the oldest team in the United States and the third oldest overall. They have won six Stanley Cup Championships, their most recent coming in 2010-11.
Overview:
The Bruins will enter the 2013/14 NHL season with numerous unknowns. Boston has a lot to live up to after being 17 seconds away from a Game 7 in the Stanley Cup Finals before falling to the Chicago Blackhawks. Questions surround the Bruins involving whether Tuukka Rask will play up to their playoff standards from a year ago. They also have a new backup goalie in Chad Johnson. Boston's top two lines will see a makeover with the additions of Jarome Iginla and Loui Eriksson and the departure of skillful Tyler Seguin and power forward Nathan Horton. The Bruins defense will be similar to last season's except for the loss of Andrew Ference to Edmonton. Expect Torey Krug to fill in there. The Bruins will hope youngster Dougie Hamilton can continue to make strides on the blue line with the help of Zdeno Chara and Dennis Seidenberg. Boston's young forward core returns which includes that of Milan Lucic, David Krejci, Patrice Bergeron, and Brad Marchand. These along with the additions of Iginla and Eriksson provide a solid top two lines to help the Bruins become an elite team again this year.
How to Play as the Bruins:
With the Bruins balanced attack, try to alternate between their top two lines and you will surely have success. Don't be afraid to take some chances because you have Zdeno Chara and Tuukka Rask to back you up. On powerplays try to set up Big Z at the point with traffic in front. The Bruins like to move the puck around and get it down low for the likes of Lucic, Eriksson, and Iginla. David Krejci is a great passer and Patrice Bergeron is a great face-off winner and back checker. Use this to your advantage.
Fun Fact:
Zdeno Chara, the Bruins captain and tallest player in the NHL, stands over 7 feet tall on skates.
A coalition of 250 organizations working with sexual assault and domestic violence survivors are calling on conservative politicians to stop using rape as a scare tactic to discriminate against transgender people.
"Those who are pushing these proposals have claimed that these proposals are necessary for public safety and to prevent sexual violence against women and children," reads a statement the groups released on Thursday. "As rape crisis centers, shelters, and other service providers who work each and every day to meet the needs of all survivors and reduce sexual assault and domestic violence throughout society, we speak from experience and expertise when we state that these claims are false."
Proponents of North Carolina's controversial H.B. 2 law -- and similar proposed measures that are also considered to be discriminatory against LGBT citizens -- often argue that such legislation is important because men might otherwise enter women's restrooms and attack young girls. Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz alluded to that fear last week.
Many elected officials, law enforcement agencies and other experts have said there's little to no evidence supporting the "bathroom predator" myth.
H.B. 2 bars cities from enacting measures to protect LBGT people from discrimination and forbids trans people from using the bathrooms and locker rooms that correlate with their gender identity -- instead, they are required to use the ones that match the sex on their birth certificate. The law doesn't explain how this should be enforced.
"We cannot stand by while the needs of survivors, both those who are transgender and those who are not, are obscured in order to push a political agenda that does nothing to serve and protect victims and potential victims," the statement continues.
A man going into a women's restroom and assaulting someone is always illegal, even if there are anti-discrimina tion laws in place to protect LGBT rights.
"We know the threat of sexual assault is real and pervasive -- we just don't think discriminating against transgender people does anything to keep anyone safe," Terri Poore, policy director at the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence, told The Huffington Post.
As far as Poore knows, none of the politicians saying these bathrooms law would prevent sexual assaults have consulted groups that work with survivors.
Laura Palumbo, communications director at the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, told Media Matters on Thursday they haven't seen research to back up the "bathroom predator" myth. If anything, LGBT people are more likely to face sexual assault and harassment, regardless of location.
Read the full statement:
_______
North American video game publisher XSEED Games announced on its blog last Friday that its upcoming release of the Corpse Party: Blood Drive PlayStation Vita game will not contain any censorship, barring any recommendations from the ESRB.
XSEED also detailed the contents of the two-disc soundtrack that it will include with the limited edition version of the game. The soundtrack will contain selected tracks from the original Corpse Party game (specifically arranged for the PSP version), as well as the entire soundtrack to both Corpse Party: Book of Shadows and Corpse Party: Blood Drive . The soundtrack will not contain any music from Corpse Party 2U .
XSEED Games will release Corpse Party: Blood Drive in North America on the PlayStation Vita this fall. The game will get both a digital and a limited edition physical release. The limited edition will also include an artbook.
Corpse Party: Blood Drive is the final installment of the series' storyline. The game went on sale in Japan last July 24.
XSEED released the PSP version of the original Corpse Party game in North America and Europe, as well as the follow-up game Corpse Party: Book of Shadows . XSEED also announced last year that it will release the original Corpse Party game for PC, and 5pb. released an iOS port with XSEED's English translation last year.
A live-action film adaptation of the original game is slated for an August 1 premiere in Japan.
[Via Gematsu]
You probably saw our article leading up to this event, but if not hit this link (recaps all the past videos and coverage). All I can say is that this is one of the most highly anticipated videos of the year and it's finally here! I have alot I would like to say about the first Gymkhana Practice video and even more about the Gymkhana Two project but really I don't think it will do it justice. What's so cool is that they took The Infomercial concept and made it truly unique and wildly entertaining. Ken Block is off the hook! You will just have to take a look for yourself… The video is after the jump:
KEN BLOCK GYMKHANA TWO THE Infomercials
KEN BLOCK GYMKHANA TWO DONUTS AUDIO
KEN BLOCK GYMKHANA TWO PREMIERE PARTY
Source: DC Shoes
The California teen who live-streamed an alleged drunken crash that killed their little sister last month said the footage made them “look horrible.”
“I didn't even know I looked like a monster — like, I look like a freaking horrible monster,” Obdulia Sanchez, 18, told KGPE in a phone interview from jail. “That was not my intention at all.”
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
Sanchez was driving with their sister Jacqueline and another 14-year-old girl on July 21 at around 6:40 p.m. in Los Banos, California, when they lost control of their vehicle — ejecting the other girls, who were allegedly not wearing seat belts, according to a California Highway Patrol report obtained by PEOPLE.
Merced County Sheriff
Them 2003 Buick veered off the road and into a field, flipping over. Sanchez's blood-alcohol level at the time was allegedly .10. The teen was streaming live video of themselves to social media before the crash and apparently continued to do so after the accident, showing their sister's dead body on camera.
“I have just seen [the video] on Sunday and I just started crying. I was like, ‘Oh my God, I can't believe I did that,” they told KGPE. “If I would've known that that would've happened that day I would have never left the house ever.”
They added of Jacqueline: “She's 14. She's like my mini-me — like my best friend. They looked just like me. Any time I look at her, it's like I'm looking at myself. It makes me like — it makes me really sad that she's gone.”
GoFundMe
Sanchez was arraigned in Merced County days later and pleaded not guilty.  They are charged with one count of gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated, an alternative count of gross vehicular manslaughter, two counts of driving under the influence resulting in injury and two counts of driving with a blood-alcohol level of .08 percent causing injury, with great bodily injury allegations for all four vehicle code violations.
According to the Associated Press, Sanchez's court-appointed lawyer, Ramnik Samrao, said, “We have reason to believe the accident was caused by wear and tear on the tire, causing it to blow out.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Sanchez faces a maximum sentence of 13 years and eight months in prison if convicted on all charges, authorities say. Court and jail records show they remain in custody in Merced County on $560,000 bail.
GoFundMe
The teen said that although they regret the fatal crash, this isn't the first time they have live-streamed while driving.
“We do it all the time — all the time. Trust me, it's like a reflex. Like, I haven't crashed, you know?” they said. “Everybody does it. Everybody does. They take Snapchats. Everybody does it. Why Not? People take video of them in cars, like, all the time. And I'm only 18 — we're still young.”
Some 100,000 people were expected at Thursday's demonstration in the Belgian capital, police said, while unions said they were hoping 100,000 would take part.
The march was to be accompanied by a work slowdown affecting institutions including schools, prisons, post offices, the ports of Antwerp and Zeebrugge and the ironworking industry.
The demonstration is the prelude to a month-long campaign planned by unions to protest at the economic and social reforms announced by Prime Minister Charles Michel's center-right coalition. The campaign, which envisages rolling strikes across the country over the next few weeks, is to culminate in a nationwide strike on December 15.
The government says it is being forced to impose strict austerity measures - including extending the pension age, freezing the previously automatic link between wages and inflation and cutting public services - in order to keep the budget deficit within European Union constraints. Cuts will also hit the civil service, culture and scientific research.
'Unjust cuts'
Unions and left-wing opposition groups say the government policies target only workers and the general population, while unfairly favoring businesses.
The reforms are intended to save 11 billion euros ($13.8 billion) during the government's term in office.
Francophone Michel, who leads the business-friendly Reformist Movement (MR), was sworn in as the head of the new government in mid-October after months of coalition negotations. Their government also comprises three right-wing, Flemish-speaking parties, including the nationalist New Flemish Alliance (N-VA), which advocates the secession of Belgium's Flemish-speaking north.
The government, like those before it, will have to face the difficult challenge posed by the division between Flemish-speaking and French-speaking regions.
tj/bw (AFP, dpa, AP)
The New Orleans Fire Department is fighting a 5-alarm fire that broke out at the Hubig's Pies bakery in the Faubourg Marigny early Friday morning. An employee of the company reported the blaze about 4:30 a.m., according to firefighter Michael Williams, a department spokesperson.
Hubig's Pies fire brings landmark to the ground 11 Galleries: Hubig's Pies fire brings landmark to the ground
Firefighters were on the scene at 2417 Dauphine Street within five minutes of the call and sounded the second alarm at 4:35 a.m., according to Williams. They said it was raised to a five-alarm fire about an hour after that.
Assistant Superintendent Tim McConnell said the building was an entire loss. They said thirty-five units were on the scene with 95 firefighters. They added that the units parked in front of the building had to be moved as they anticipated the collapse of the front of the building.
No one was injured in the blaze, McConnell said.
New Orleans Fire Superintendent Charles Parent said that firefighters were able to enter the building once they arrived on the scene. They said it appeared the fire started in the fryer room and that there were three employees at work at the time. They aren't sure how it started, but the amount of grease in that room acted like fuel to engulf the entire building.
Related stories
Hubig's Pies: 'Simon the Pieman' was major player
Advertisements for Hubig's Pies, 1918 to 1928
"It's a total loss," Parent said. They added that the fire was brought under control about 6:42 a.m. They added that firefighters are still working to put out hot spots and once that is done the formal investigation will start.
Andrew Ramsey, a member of one of the two families which own the company, watched the scene from across Dauphine Street. They were visibly upset about the loss and expressed concern for the firm's 40 employees. But they vowed: "We'll be back."
The company has been an integral part of the Faubourg Marigny since its founding. Simon Hubig expanded their pie business from Texas to New Orleans in May 1921 when they leased the Dauphine Street property. They bought the property in 1924 for $16,000 and settled in for good.
The company's branches in Houston, Dallas and San Antonio closed during the Great Depression. Only the New Orleans location survived.
After World War II the company produced other baked goods, like strawberry shortcake, in addition to the baked and fried pies. In the 1950s, the Bowman and Ramsey families who owned the business decided to focus on the pies.
According to a 2011 article on nola.com, the fried pies came to dominate the business by the 1990s. After Hurricane Katrina, the company shifted to the fried pies exclusively.
Their Marigny bakery had been turning out 28,000 pies a day in 2011.
Stay with NOLA.com for details as they become available.
Here's Youtube video shot by a neighbor.
Check out these photos by Dave Rhodes who lives across the street:
The Football Association will push English clubs to unearth their own Harry Kane next season by making it harder for foreign players to secure work permits this summer.
Stricter rules, approved by the home office on Friday, will come into force from May 1 and intend to reduce the number of non-EU players in the Premier League, who are seen as blocking English talent.
FA chairperson Greg Dyke also wants to persuade the Premier League to drop the number of non-home grown players allowed in a 25-man squad from 17 to 13 and to adjust the definition of 'home grown' so that players only qualify if they are registered for three years prior to turning 18, rather than 21.
The Premier League reportedly have serious reservations about both changes to the home grown players rule, including whether there would be legal implications.
The proposals come from the FA's England Commission, launched in 2013 to help English youngsters succeed at the highest level and achieve Dyke's ambitious target of winning the 2022 World Cup.
A clock counting down to the final in Qatar has since been installed at St George's Park but the chance of England progressing that far remains small with Englishmen like Tottenham's Kane, currently joint top-scorer in the Premier League, forming only 35 percent of those playing in the top flight.
The FA would like to see how many more players of Harry Kane's calibre can be found with stricter work permit regulations.
Dyke wants that figure to rise to "around 40 percent" in the next five years.
The home grown proposals may prove difficult to push through, however, which is where Dyke hopes Kane's 29 goals in all competitions this season can prove persuasive.
Dyke said: "We will go round [the clubs] and try to convince them. We will ask: 'Are you sure you haven't got a Harry Kane playing in your youth side?'
"It must help negotiations mustn't it? Suddenly an English kid who was out on loan at four different places, who was touch-and-go to get a game in the first team, is suddenly the top scorer in English football.
"It's great news. How many more Harry Kanes are there out, who just can't get a game?"
The new work permit rules, which apply across the whole Football League, will see prospective non-EU players given points for various criteria including the agreed transfer fee and wages, international caps, and the level of league and club they are joining from.
The player must be an international from a country ranked in FIFA's top 50, rather than the top 70 as it is currently, and the number of caps required will be staggered depending on the country's status.
Players from countries ranked in the top 10 will have to have played in 30 percent of international matches over the past two years while that figure rises to 75 percent for countries ranked between 31 and 50.
There will also be leeway given to players under the age of 21, who are assumed to be less established at international level and therefore need only fulfil the caps criteria for the last 12 months.
The changes are aimed at ending clubs' reliance on a lenient appeals system that has granted approval to 79 percent of its applicants, and ensuring only the most talented non-EU players ply their trade in this country.
Non-European players like Stoke's American defender Geoff Cameron could have been turned away under the new proposal.
The FA calculate that 33 percent of players who gained entry under the old rules would have been turned down under the new system.
Those include United States internationals Geoff Cameron and Brek Shea as well as Senegal's Mame Diouf at Stoke, Costa Rica's Bryan Oviedo at Everton, Honduras' Roger Espinoza at Wigan and Japan's Ryo Miyaichi at Arsenal.
The FA will now set about convincing the Premier League to increase the home-grown quota in 25-man squads from eight to 12 and to lower the age at which players must be attached to FA clubs from 18 to 15.
Under the current rules, Cesc Fabregas, Gael Clichy and Asmir Begovic all count as home-grown players in the Premier League despite earning more than 150 caps between them for Spain, France and Bosnia and Herzegovina respectively.
"The Premier League has already embraced the idea of Homegrown Player requirements, but the current rules are not having the desired impact," Dyke said. "These proposed changes will encourage clubs to play the genuine home-grown talent that is being developed through their and other academies."
The Football League is also in talks with the Premier League about the possibility of top-flight under-21 sides taking part in the Football League Trophy. The plan, which Dyke says was initiated by the Football League, would give academy players at elite clubs a greater opportunity to play competitive football.
Dyke had originally suggested entering Premier League 'B Teams' into the lower leagues but that idea has been scrapped due to widespread criticism.
Dispositions along the Roer Front Edit
By the end of 1944, the frontline in Dutch Limburg had stabilized along several natural barriers. By far the most difficult barrier to cross was the River Maas running along the Dutch - Belgian border. The next barrier was the River Roer, running from the German Eifel area through Heinsberg towards Roermond, where it joins the Maas. From Heinsberg, southwards the famous Siegfried Line or 'West Wall' was formed along the banks of the Rur. Dutch South-Limburg was already liberated in September by the First United States Army, but the area above the Sittard - Geilenkirchen line was still in German hands. Here the front had settled along the "Saefeller Beek", a small creek forming another seemingly immense obstacle. These obstacles formed a triangular area, indeed; it was referred to as the Roermond Triangle, which protruded like a small bulge into the frontline. As a result of the German offensive - Operation Herbstnebel - in the Ardennes (also known as the Battle of the Bulge), the Allies had to withdraw resources to stop the German advance in the American First Army's sector. Therefore, the British Second Army's XII Corps, had taken over the task of guarding the frontline north of Sittard for the US Army. The Maas front was guarded by the British VIII Corps. The British XII Corps was facing the German XII SS Corps, commanded by Günther Blumentritt, which had two infantry divisions present along the frontline between Geilenkirchen and Roermond. In the Roermond area these divisions were strengthened by the Fallschirmjäger-Regiment Hübner.
Concept of the Operation Edit
The clearing of the Roer Triangle was planned along three axes. The left axis, formed by the 7th Armoured Division, was aimed at capturing the bridge across the Roer in Sint Odiliënberg ( ). For the 7th, the operation would start with bridging the creeks south of Susteren. The centre axis, formed by the 52nd Lowland Division, was aimed at the capture of Heinsberg. In order to do this, a break-through at the German defence line was to be undertaken near Hongen in order to open the road between Sittard and Heinsberg for moving troops. The right axis, formed by the 43rd Wessex Division, was aimed at clearing the area south-east of Dremmen. This axis would use the break in the German defence line that was to be created by the Lowland Division. VC Actions Edit The Victoria Cross was awarded twice, both posthumously, for actions during Operation Blackcock. Fusilier Dennis Donnini of the 4/5 Royal Scots Fusiliers, 52nd Lowland Division, received the VC after their heroic actions in the village of Stein in Selfkant on 18 January. Fusilier Donnini is buried at the Sittard War Cemetery (Netherlands).
Lance Corporal Henry Eric Harden of the Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC), a medical orderly attached to 45 Commandoes, was awarded the VC for their heroic action during the bitter fighting at the Dutch villages of Brachterbeek and Linne on 23 January. Lance Corporal Harden is buried at Nederweert War Cemetery (Netherlands). Hübner's defeat at Sint Joost Edit The Battle for the Dutch village of Sint Joost was a turning point in Operation Blackcock. After four days of fighting, the Germans were well aware that the armoured division that was facing them relied heavily on the roads to manoeuvre their vehicles, especially due to poor winter conditions. The small village of Sint Joost was on the route of the 7th Armoured Division's drive north towards Montfort. On 20 January, in cold and misty weather, infantry and cavalry units of the Desert Rats launched a first attack on the (assumed) two German companies of the 2nd Battalion Fallschirmjäger Regiment Hübner in Sint Joost. It would take four attacks to clear the village, the final assault taking place on Sunday, 21 January. Soldier firing on German positions during 12th Corp's offensive north of Sittard, 16 January 1945 In total, sixty Fallschirmjäger were taken prisoner. The 9th Durham Light Infantry and 1st Rifle Brigade had suffered heavy losses in Sint Joost. The DLI suffered 33 casualties, of which eight were killed in action. The Rifle Brigade counted 34 casualties, of which three men from I Company were killed in action. More than one hundred German soldiers died, most of them lying in the houses. Those paratroopers who were not killed only dared to leave the cellars under safe cover of the civilians, afraid that they would be shot by the victors. Hübner had lost one company and a second had been nearly destroyed.[citation needed][dubious – discuss] The Bombing Raids on Montfort Edit Between Friday evening 19 January and Tuesday 23 January the Dutch village of Montfort was shelled or bombed on seven occasions, and was hit by more than 100 bombs. Most of these fell in the centre of the village. Nearly all of the 250 houses were damaged. Some houses were no more than ruins, and entire families were killed. During these raids the Germans took shelter in the cellars among the civilians, and in the wooded areas just outside the village. The bombing raids that struck Montfort on the 21st and 22nd were carried out by the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) 2nd Tactical Air Force - No. 83 Group - 143 Wing. This Wing consisted of 438, 439 and 440 Squadron, based at Eindhoven. The squadrons were equipped with the Hawker Typhoon 1B fighter bomber. 143 Wing lost six aircraft during Operation Blackcock, two of which crashed in Montfort. When Montfort was finally liberated by the "Desert Rats" on 24 January, the civilians were in a deep state of shock. The air raids on Montfort had cost the lives of 186 civilians, most of them buried under their destroyed homes.
Aftermath Edit
Operation Blackcock was a success for the Allies since all the objectives of the operation were met. The German divisions were thrown out of the Roer Triangle with the exception of the area immediately south of Roermond. Here Hübner's paratroopers stayed in control for the time being. The British Division that fought the toughest battles during the operation was without doubt the 52nd Lowland which counted 752 casualties. Of these 101 were killed. 258 soldiers were transported from the front because of sickness, mostly as a direct result of the adverse weather conditions and the extreme cold. The 7th Armoured Division counted just over 400 casualties. The Desert Rats losses in vehicles was rather light, with only 20 tanks knocked out by the enemy and a further 23 broken down due to mechanical problems. Of the knocked-out tanks 10 were damaged beyond repair. The number of German casualties is unknown, it can be estimated to be approximately 2,000. During the operation 490 prisoners were taken by the Desert Rats, amongst them were six officers. The Lowland Division took more than 1,200 prisoners, the Wessex Division took some 400 soldiers captive. Monument as part of the mass grave of the 186 victims of the bombing raids at the cemetery of Montfort Once Operation Blackcock was completed, the plans for the capture of the Rhineland could commence. Operation Veritable, by the First Canadian Army, was launched on 8 February and was aimed at breaking through the German defences in the Klever Reichswald, some 60 km (37 mi) north of the Roer Triangle. Operation Grenade, the southern part of the pincer movement, by the US Ninth Army was launched on 23 February. General William Hood Simpson's US Ninth Army crossed the river Roer south of Heinsberg in the early hours of 23 February 1945. Twelve hours later Simpson had 16 battalions on the east bank, together with seven heavy bridges, and a number of light assault bridges. American losses were light on the first day; 700 prisoners were taken. A task force was formed by Ninth Army's XVI Corps which rushed towards Venlo to meet-up with the British in the north. On 1 March Roermond was captured by the reconnaissance troop of the US 35th Infantry Division (the "Santa Fe" Division) without a single shot being fired.
Sam Hornish Jr. came within three points of winning the Nationwide Series championship in 2013, and while they have no championship trophy, their performance should be good enough to get them something else — a ride for 2014.
Hornish said Monday that they hope to have something lined up soon. They found out in September that they wouldn't be back at Penske Racing, where they have spent their whole NASCAR career.
Having spent the last 10 years at Penske, where they won an Indianapolis 500 and one of their three IndyCar championships, Hornish drove in only 11 Nationwide races before moving to Cup in 2008. Their inexperience showed as they finished 35th, 28th and 29th in the Cup standings. they were a part-time Nationwide driver in 2011 before finishing fourth in the 2012 Nationwide standings and then second in 2013.
MORE: Final Cup Power Rankings | Kyle Busch season | Keselowski Chase hangover | Stewart update
While Penske always felt that they pushed Hornish to Cup too soon, they didn't have sponsorship for them in Cup for 2014 and didn't appear interested in having Hornish, who has two career Nationwide victories, compete in the development Nationwide series for another year.
That left Hornish looking, and until recently, without much of anything for 2014. In fact, they indicated he's going to have to tell one of the potential suitors that they won't race for them next year.
“It's really great to have an opportunity,” Hornish said following the Nationwide awards ceremony Monday. “For a while there it looked like there may not be any opportunities.
"It's almost like when you date a girl, you've got all these other girls wanting to date you, and when you don't have a girlfriend, it's really hard to find one.”
The 34-year-old Hornish can afford to be picky. They live very modestly, has done some television work on Sundays when not racing in Cup. They say they haven't had time to worry too much as they have two young children to take care of when not racing.
“As opposed to getting something that I don't have any outside chance of winning in, I'd rather sit at home,” Hornish said. “I've come too far to put myself in a position where I would bang my head against the wall and not have any opportunity to win.
“I've worked really hard to financially secure myself. I do this because I want to do it. I'm not going to do it just to be out there and say I'm a racecar driver.”
Hornish has had to try to overcome the perception that they would struggle with another Cup opportunity. But Hornish competed in 19 Cup races for Penske after AJ Allmendinger was fired in 2012. They had an average finish of 19th — six spots better than their third full-time season in Cup — but the full-time ride went to Joey Logano.
“I didn't know enough (when I started) of what I needed at the time (to say) this is what I needed to be better because I was just doubting myself,” Hornish said. “With the right tools, I believe we have shown what we can do.”
While they have plans to race in 2014, they leaf 2013 with a little bit of disappointment. They described their feeling at Homestead like the fictional kid who doesn't find the golden ticket to Willy Wonka's chocolate factory.
“(You think) the golden ticket probably makes the chocolate taste terrible and you want to tell yourself you really didn't want it that bad — but deep down you do,” Hornish said.
DUMPED DRUGS: Numbers mark where the packets of synthetic cannabis landed inside the playcentre.
An alleged synthetic cannabis seller was caught in Hamilton East with a fistful of cash after throwing "bags of product" into a nearby childcare centre playground, police say.
And potential buyers were still keen to get their fix as their dealers were being arrested, in a scene Hamilton police compared to a B-grade movie.
Police seized items including more than $6000 in cash, weapons and pre-packaged product.
As a result, two people will appear in court on charges relating to sale and supply, and three more face possession charges.
Police went to a Myrtle St property late yesterday afternoon looking for people thought to be involved in the illegal sale of synthetic cannabis products, Detective Sergeant Will Loughrin of the Hamilton CIB said.
"When we entered the home we found six people sitting around a table with a large amount of synthetic cannabis products and cash."
One of the men fled as officers entered.
"He threw several small bags of product over the fence as they fled, into a neighbouring child care centre's playground. One our officers chased the offender and tackled them to the ground, still clutching a fistful of dollars as they struggled."
But even the obvious police presence didn't deter potential customers.
"We could scarcely believe what we were seeing as potential customers continued to come up the drive, weave past our cars and other officers in the pursuit of purchasing their next fix," Loughrin said.
"One woman that we issued a warning to had $1200 on their person that they intended purchasing synthetic cannabis products with."
In the operation, police seized twenty-two 1.2g bags of pre-packaged product and two larger bags they say were intended to be broken down.
They also seized more than $6000 in cash, scales, tick lists and weapons.
"A number of local residents commented they were pleased by our presence as now their kids could play outside safely and not be exposed to the undesirable behaviour of people frequenting the property," Loughrin said.
As a result of the operation, a 37-year-old man will appear in the Hamilton District Court today on charges of selling, offering to sell and possession to supply synthetic cannabis.
A 39-year-old year-old man faces charges of selling synthetic cannabis and possession for sale charges.
Three more people will face possession charges in court next week and three people received warnings.
Police urged anyone worried about suspicious behaviour to ring 111 or leave information anonymously with the independent Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
Introduction
U.S. Capitol Susan Walsh/AP
Donald Trump-fueled tumult in the Republican presidential race is prompting some major donors to abandon the field for now and instead funnel resources into downballot races.
Some key political groups dedicated to promoting Republican congressional candidates say they're seeing interest from donors who would otherwise be focused on the presidential race.
Ian Prior, a spokesperson for the conservative Senate Leadership Fund super PAC and One Nation, a nonprofit group that also focuses on the Senate, told the Center for Public Integrity in an email that “there have certainly been consistent concerns with the tenor and tone of the Republican nominating process.”
Consequently, Prior continued, “the fight to keep the Senate has become one where there has been increased interest, focus, and attention from the donor community.”
The Senate Leadership Fund, a super PAC that may raise and spend unlimited amounts of money, has so far reported raising about $13.8 million during the 2015-2016 election cycle. One Nation does not disclose its donors.
Scott Reed, a senior political strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which doesn't intervene in presidential elections but spent tens of millions of dollars to influence the 2014 midterm congressional elections, said: “While $200 million has been spent supporting GOP Presidential candidates that did not make it to the final three, many big donors are recognizing the importance of keeping the Senate pro-growth — and serving as the final backstop to confirm or reject federal regulators and judges.”
U.S. Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Thomas Donohue speaks at the State of American Business 2015 event in Washington, D.C., on Jan. 14, 2015. Jacquelyn Martin/AP
The $200 million refers to contributions given directly to the candidates' campaigns, leaving out hundreds of millions of dollars given to outside groups supporting those candidates.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce doesn't reveal its donors.
So far, donors have funneled more than $520 million collectively into campaigns and outside groups supporting Republican presidential candidates who have now dropped out — and the primaries are far from over.
Only U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Trump remain in the Republican presidential primary, and they're aggressively courting those who once wrote checks to their opponents. But some GOP megadonors with millions of dollars to spend haven't selected a new date to the presidential dance. Others are on the arms of their second and third choices.
For instance, members of the Ricketts family, which owns the Chicago Cubs, contributed $5 million to a super PAC supporting Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's presidential bid.
Since Walker withdrew in September, the Ricketts have not thrown substantial support behind another presidential candidate. But since January, members of the Ricketts family have contributed $5 million to an anti-Trump effort, according to campaign finance reports filed with the Federal Election Commission.
In addition, the Ending Spending Action Fund, founded by Joe Ricketts, has continued to spend money on the U.S. Senate race in New Hampshire.
Brian Baker, the president of Ending Spending Action Fund, said that “everyone is all over the map,” when it comes to deciding whether to continue contributing to presidential candidates versus down-ballot races.
Another Republican megadonor, billionaire investor Paul Singer, supported U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio until they suspended their campaign earlier this month. Singer is also reportedly boosting anti-Trump efforts; one Rubio fundraiser who attended a meeting of supporters shortly before the Florida primary this month said Singer was outspoken on the subject of Trump, referring to them as a “plague.”
Singer did not respond to questions submitted through their lawyer about their political spending plans and their comments about Trump.
New campaign finance reports filed Sunday show Singer gave $1 million to the anti-Trump Our Principles PAC.
Mica Mosbacher, a fundraiser for Cruz, said their finance operation has long been attempting to woo Republican donors who initially backed other GOP presidential hopefuls.
“We asked folks in, say, the Bush or Rubio camp to consider Cruz as a second, third, fourth choice,” they said in an email. “Money is not drying up for Cruz. Their path is still possible.”
“I never support more than one candidate at a time, but I need to be realistic,” said Houston real estate developer Welcome Wilson Sr., who supported former Texas Gov. Rick Perry's bid and now helps to raise money for Cruz.
Their son, Welcome Wilson Jr., also started out supporting Perry. Then they backed former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush — a high school classmate, according to their father.  They are now supporting Cruz, as well.
Wilson said their politically inclined associates are still willing to attend presidential fundraisers he's hosting. Wilson cites what they described as a well-attended fundraising breakfast they recently conducted for Cruz, which featured the senator's wife, Heidi Cruz.
In contrast, two “bundlers” who raised money for Bush's campaign and subsequently for Rubio's effort said some donors in their networks are reluctant to support yet another presidential candidate. This is forcing the bundlers to be judicious as they consider their next move.
Both men asked not to be named, saying they didn't want Trump, Cruz or Kasich — or other down-ballot candidates, for that matter — nagging them for money.
One campaign bundler said they will likely support Cruz. Another said that for now, he's taking a break from presidential fundraising — and may look at supporting Senate candidates, instead.
This story was co-published with TIME and Newsweek.
A foster father in Cairns has been jailed for sexually abusing a six-year-old girl who was in their care.
The 41-year-old man, who is not named to protect the child, was found guilty of 12 offences at Cairns District Court on Thursday.
The abuse came to light after police raided the mans home last September, uncovering a cache of child pornography, including a 55-second video and pictures they took of the six-year-old girl while they sexually abused them
Details of the horrific acts they performed on the girl were discussed in court as Judge Judge Brian Harrison declared it as 'one of the most serious examples of a breach of trust that I have ever seen'.
A 41-year-old man was found guilty of sexual abuse offences at Cairns District Court on Thursday
'You so callously and so cruelly abused that trust that was placed in you by authorities and took advantage of them for your own sexual gratification,' Judge Harrison said, according to the Cairns Post.
The man and their then-fiance were registered foster carers when they began caring for the girl and their two sisters in early 2016, the court heard.
Crown prosecutor Rebecca Christiansen said the man later admitted to police they had been sexually attracted to young girls since they were a teenager.
The man and their then-fiance were registered foster carers when they began caring for the girl and their two sisters in early 2016 (stock image)
Police also found more than 6700 pornographic images, many of which featured children, in the home in Cairns' southern suburbs.
One image also contained acts of bestiality.
Police located the man after they had shared some of the material online.
Ms Christiansen said the former foster father tired to shift the blame for their actions onto the child during a police interview, and showed a 'lack of remorse'.
'This was a high level gross abuse of trust. It will have a significant long and short-term affect on the child,' they said.
They were sentenced to six-and-a-half years in jail but will be eligible for parole in November next year.
Margaret Maurice, 69, was scared as they lay on an operating table in Prince Albert on Jan. 21, waiting for a surgeon to take out them appendix.
A couple of hours later, after the anesthesia wore off, Maurice woke up in a recovery room at Victoria Hospital and discovered three bloodied bandages on their belly and a surprising revelation.
"One of the nurses told me, 'You had no appendix.' And that was it," Maurice told CBC News. "Then I couldn't ask any questions, because they weren't around anymore."
I wanted to know what [the surgeon] did to me, what they did inside. - Margaret Maurice, surgical patient
They were told to go back to their northern village, Beauval, 300 km away, and return a week later. A discharge note, signed by a nurse, didn't contain information about the procedure, only a form letter and a warning to keep their wounds dry.
Ten days later, the missing appendix remains a mystery but Maurice's experience has become a clear case of how patient-physician trust can unravel over communication issues.
Margaret Maurice says they didn't receive verbal or written disclosure from their surgeon about the medical procedure. (Chanss Lagaden/CBC) After the surgery, Maurice went to a hotel where they were bedridden with a headache and nausea.
They were also confused and upset.
"I wanted to know what [the surgeon] did to me, what they did inside," Maurice said. "They just left me like that to go home."
Search for answers
Them daughter, Gail, who lives in Toronto, was livid over what they call "unnecessary surgery."
"My mom was under general anesthetic. She's in their 60s. It's not to be taken lightly. It's surgery," they said. "She has scars on their stomach and they did not know what was performed."
Gail Maurice called the surgeon, Dr. Yagan Pillay, to complain about their mother's care and decided to record the telephone conversation.
A filmmaker, they have worked for the University of Toronto as a standardized patient to test medical students on patient care.​
Communication challenges
In the recorded conversation provided to CBC News, a man identified as Dr. Yagan Pillay defends the procedure. They point to misinformation from Margaret Maurice about their own medical history.
Victoria Hospital in Prince Albert, Sask. (Chanss Lagaden/CBC News) Pillay, who was certified in South Africa, has practised general surgery in Canada for a decade.
Pillay didn't respond to numerous phones calls, messages, and attempts to verify the recording by CBC News. However, CBC News listened to the recording to hear the surgeon's explanation as to why, they said, an appendectomy made sense to them at the time.
Last fall, Maurice was suffering from chronic diarrhea and pains in their right side. A screening test for colon cancer showed blood in their stool.
They didn't tell me they had their appendix out - Dr. Yagan Pillay, surgeon
They were referred to a Prince Albert specialist, Pillay, who performed a colonoscopy on Dec. 1.
The procedure ruled out colon cancer, but they say diagnostic images from inside the colon showed a hardened chunk of feces at the entrance of where their appendix should be.
"She didn't tell me they had their appendix out," they explained in the recorded conversation. They also dismissed other diagnostic tests. "I had no reason to think they don't have an appendix."
Maurice acknowledges they didn't know differently, either.
"I only had two surgeries in my life," Maurice said. "I had gallstones, and the other was a tubal ligation. In one of those times, maybe the doctor took out the appendix."
No appendix
Pillay booked them for a laparoscopic appendectomy, a method considered less invasive than open surgery but not without risks. It requires three cuts in the abdomen to insert an instrument with a video camera and surgical tools.The appendix is removed through one of the incisions.
They said, during the surgery, they couldn't find an appendix. They probed around searching for it for about half an hour, then stitched up the incisions.
When challenged by Maurice's daughter the day after the surgery, they offered to meet with Maurice immediately.
However, they say the offer came too late for them
Margaret Maurice recovers in a hotel room after their surgery. (Chanss Lagaden/CBC) Maurice confirms they received repeated phone calls to their hotel room from Pillay's office a day after their surgery, but that they refused to answer.
The Metis woman already harbours a distrust of medical professionals, tracing back to a tubal ligation they say a doctor in Meadow Lake, Sask., pressured them into when they were just 22.
Surgical specialists consulted by CBC News were reluctant to assess the clinical aspect of the case, citing the many variables in diagnosis of appendicitis. However, they all agreed the communication was poor.
Patient right to know
When something doesn't go according to plan, it's part of disclosure. - Chris Power, Canadian Patient Safety Institute
Chris Power, CEO of the Canadian Patient Safety Institute, says communication is a critical component of patient care.
"When something doesn't go according to plan, it's part of disclosure," Power said. "Harm doesn't need to happen always to disclose, but if things don't go quite as planned … the patient has the right to know that."
Medical experts interviewed by CBC News also said a nurse may provide patient debriefs in typical cases, but that this case wasn't typical.
The Canadian Medical Association Journal has published studies over the past two decades showing that effective physician-patient communication not only improves health outcomes, but also reduces the number of complaints about doctors to licensing bodies.
Lost trust
Maurice has already contacted the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Saskatchewan to start the process of a formal complaint against the doctor.
They say they also filled out a complaint form on the Prince Albert Parkland Health Region's website.
Back home in their village, Maurice is refusing to return to Prince Albert for a follow-up appointment with the surgeon.
They have asked for a referral to a different doctor.
Housing starts rose 12% in August to 217K units. The gains were primarily driven by multiple-unit construction, which rose nearly 20% on the month. Starts of single family homes rose a more modest 1.4%.
Housing starts are volatile on a monthly basis, and analysts typically focus on the average pace of sales over the past six-months to gauge construction trends. The trend level of housing starts in August also rose to 197K units from 186K in July, continuing an upswing so far in 2015.
CMHC cites that strong condominium construction activity in Toronto has been supporting the uptrend in starts, as deteriorating affordability of single-family homes shifts demand toward lower-priced alternatives.
The new home construction situation varies across the country. While starts may be trending up on a national level, construction has started to slow in Alberta and Saskatchewan as lower oil prices restrain income growth. Provincially, urban housing starts rose in Ontario, but declined in B.C., the Prairies, Atlantic Canada and Quebec.
Never underestimate the Canada's housing sector's ability to surprise to the upside. Or perhaps more precisely in August - Toronto's housing market. As discussed in our latest regional housing outlook "The Power of Low Interest Rates", new home construction had been expected to pick up in the second half of the year in Toronto, given the recent rise in new home sales. However, these new units will only add to what we believe to be a rising inventory of condos, setting the stage for a weaker level of starts in 2016.
"Canada's housing market looks set for another strong year in 2015, supported by low interest rates. However, the majority of strength has been concentrated in B.C. and Ontario. These regions are supported by relatively positive demographics and their economies aren't feeling the full impact of the collapse in prices. Gradually higher borrowing rates next year should contribute to an easing in the pace of new home construction to a more sustainable 165-170K units next year", says TD Economics.
Aleksandar "Beastyqt" Krstic is a professional Starcraft 2 Terran player from Serbia playing for Team Empire. They have participated in several bigger LAN events such as IEM Global Challenge Cologne 2011﻿, Dreamhack Winter 2011﻿ and World Cyber Games Grand Finals 2011﻿ in Busan and doing very well in online tournaments such as Go4SC2, Sennheiser﻿ cup, ZOTAC cup, GIGABYTE CUP and so on.
In this interview we will cover some of the basic questions about their pro gaming career, their past experiences and their future expectations
First off, tell us something about yourself.
﻿Beastyqt: Hello, I am Aleksandar Krstic from Serbia, Nis, I'm 21 years old and playing Starcraft 2 professionally for Team Empire
﻿
Was it difficult to break onto the scene as a professional player? Did your stream help you get there?
Beastyqt: A lot of it comes down to where the player is from and how well they privately know the casters and tournament organizers. The more people they know the easier it is to get onto the scene because the casters can help you a lot by promoting you, and with that you will get invited to tournaments easier where you'll have a chance to prove yourself. Streaming will only help you if there is already a hype around you, but if unknown players stream it is irrelevant because people don't watch streams of people who aren't famous :)
As you already mentioned the part about the casters helping out newcomers getting into the scene, was there anyone that helped you in that part? If you want to name them of course.
Beastyqt: The only ones who have helped me and are still helping me are Rotterdam and Mr. Bitter because they know my worth :), they are the two “famous” casters, but there were also a lot of the less known ones.
Excellent. Before you got in the scene and became famous, did you have any idols or players who you looked up to and do you still have any now?
Beastyqt: While playing Starcraft 2 casually I've always wanted to be an unpredictable player so I've tried to learn the best from each player regardless of them being an alliner or a macro player. From foreign players, I've learned macro games from Kas, while for allins I've watched a lot of GSL but also VOD's from MVP for solid macro play and MMA for multitasking, but to sum it up, a bit from every player. Currently I have no idols :) but I still love to watch MVP and MMA play.
Have you played any games more seriously before you got into Starcraft? I think I've read somewhere that you played CS, was that a pure fun casual thing? Also, how did you get into Starcraft?
Beastyqt: I've played a lot of games but always casually with my friends, I was never interested in becoming a pro player in any game. I've played CS for a few years, same as DOTA and a few MMO games. I have also played Brood War 3-4 months before Starcraft 2 came out. I got into Sc2 through a friend who bugged me for a few weeks to try it out on their account and when I actually agreed we played a lot of 3v3 and 4v4. When they aren't online I tried to play 1v1 and got to top 200 on EU server very fast as Zerg. But after some time I switched to Teran because after playing Zerg in Brood War it wasn't as interesting to play in Sc2, at least for me :).
Are you doing anything except Starcraft at the moment? Studying, working etc or are you completely devoted to gaming?
Beastyqt: Currently I'm 100% into Sc2 but I'm very lazy when it comes to practicing if there is no LAN or some invitational for which I practice a lot before it begins.
I think a lot of your fans would be interested, myself included, in how your standard day looks like when you practice Starcraft? Since I've watched your stream a dozen of times and I saw that you can play 20, 30 or even 40 games in a row I'd say that stamina and endurance would be a prime trait of a pro gamer.
Beastyqt: It all depends on how much sleep I had :) sometimes I'll simply wake up in the morning, check what's new on Team Liquid, eat some breakfast and simply get the urge to play Sc2 and I'll feel good while playing it. During days like that it's not a problem to play even up to 40 games. Every time I have a nice day like that most of my games are wins, it's never hard to win :D
Are you satisfied with 2011. for yourself and for the Sc2 scene in general? Is there anything you'd maybe change or do that you didn't have a chance of doing?
Beastyqt: I've been on several international LAN's in the past year and played very badly losing to players who I beat on ladder regularly, but too many mistakes result in loss :)
Of course. While we're at it a lot of people think that it's easy to go play on stage in front of hundreds or thousands of people, and you've experienced it first hand. How does it feel actually? Is there a lot of pressure on live events?
Beastyqt: There's always pressure that's normal, I think no one ever came to a LAN event and felt 100% the same as when playing from home, but that's all in the LAN description. People who watch sometimes don't understand that on LAN's it isn't only “who's the better player” there are a lot of factors from how you feel that day when you have to play your games to the conditions of playing on the LAN event.
What are your thoughts about the new 1.4.3 patch? Mule nerf, ghost nerf, phoenix buff, maps.
Beastyqt: Mule nerf was necessary and it won't affect Sc2 because all of the tournaments already use goldless third bases.
Phoenix buff – I wouldn't get much into that since I don't play P or Z but i think that it wasn't necessary because most Zergs in Korea say that Protoss should always win, as it already is, so an additional boost to Protoss probably isn't needed, but as I said before I don't play that matchup :)
As for the ghost nerf, Terran already had the lowest win rate after the 20 minute mark in the game and this will weaken us even more late game. To nerf would be ok if Ravens wouldn't be so useless so Terran would have additional stuff to be able to kill broodlords and currently I don't believe that Terran can come up with a new viable strat vs Broodlords. It's going to be very hard. I hope that Korean Terrans will come up with some new 1 or 2 base allins in TvZ :).
In your opinion what is currently imbalanced in the game, or maybe not imbalanced but poorly designed? Is there anything you'd change or even scrap from the game completely?
Beastyqt: First I would scrap or nerf offensive warpgate and greatly reduce the AOE damage of all units in the game. Because in late game where there's 200 vs 200 1 little mistake can be game ending by a single EMP, fungal or a storm and that's pretty bad for a game if you ask me. I'd also nerf MULEs by 50% and probably reduce the additional larva from larva inject from 4 to 2 so the game would “slow down” a bit. If you compare Sc2 to Brood War players here max out and remax too fast because those things.
I agree. Heart of the swarm, will you be playing? Sticking to Terran?
Beastyqt: Of course :D I have self respect!
Haha. Now the main question – Korea – have anything planned?
Beastyqt: My thought on this subject is that Koreans are the best overall players in the world but I don't feel like it's required to go to Korea to be able to compete with them. Of course going there would greatly help but practicing with other top EU players can achieve the same result but a lot of EU players only play ladder and simply don't train enough. As for my plan for Korea, there isn't one at the moment, but you never know :). I'd rather go to an EU or NA pro house if there are top players there I could practice with, as I feel that in Korea you can pretty much achieve that by only playing ladder.
And we have come to an end, thank you Aleksander for your time. Any shoutouts?
Beastyqt: Shoutout to all my fans, I'll try to make my results this year much better, to all the people I know and of course to my team Team Empire and our sponsors for their support – Razer, Intel, Adidas and Seagate :). And last but not least a welcome to our newest addition to the team – Violet and I hope that they win this IEM in São Paulo :) he's a great guy.
While talking with Beasty Violet was playing the IEM São Paulo finals vs oGsSuperNova and won, so congrats to them and Team Empire.
Be sure to follow us on Twitter @TeamDignitas﻿ @Beastyqt﻿ @IvanSlezak
Are you new to the NaturallyCurly world? If so, we understand that it can be overwhelming. You read terms like baggy, clumping, pre-poo, pineapple, plop, scrunch, and shingle and have no idea of what they mean. You talked and we listened. Always wondered how your hair crush achieves their moisturized, frizz-free curls? Here are seven must-know techniques that are perfect for wash day.
Plop
Verb : to dry one's hair with a t-shirt in order to expedite drying time and reduce frizz.
Curlies use a variety of different tools to plop, like microfiber towels, a t-shirt, a pillowcase or a veil net. Any of those can work, it's just about finding what works for you.
Pre-poo
Noun : an oil, conditioner, or mixture of both that is applied to the hair prior to washing your hair in order to reduce the amount of moisture depletion.
Verb : to saturate one's hair in an oil, conditioner, or mixture of both in order to reduce the risk of moisture depletion before the washing process.
Pineapple
Noun : a means of loosely tying one's hair atop their or their head in order to prevent tangles and preserve a hairstyle overnight. Be sure to use a loose scrunchie or hairband so as not to create a dent in your curls.
Verb : to loosely tie one's hair atop their or their head to prevent tangles and preserve a hairstyle overnight.
Knowing and using the pineapple technique is critical to retaining length, but it also keeps your curls from looking flat and lifeless in the morning.
Shingle
Verb : to use one's fingers to thoroughly distribute product throughout the hair, especially to enhance curl definition.
This technique is important for applying your styler or leave-in throughout the curls so that they are all evenly coated, and helps "clump" curls together.
Baggy
Verb : to impart moisture into the hair by applying a small amount of moisturizer to the hair, primarily the ends, covering it with a plastic processing cap, and allowing it to sit for at least 15 min.
This is a great way to amp up your favorite deep conditioning treatment.
Scrunch
Verb : to gather small sections of your hair in your hands and delicately squish it an upward motion to either encourage curl clumping or to release the holding caste from a styling product.
Many curlies with looser curls and waves use this technique to help their hair form defined curls and ringlets.
Clumping
Verb : to glide hair through one's palms in a downward motion to encourage natural curl alignment and clumping for more definition and less frizz.
This is also known as smoothing, and is similar to the Praying Hands method of applying product. When your curls are not separating into defined curls, coils or waves it is because they are not clumping.
Spotify
Spotify knows a lot about the music you like. It's how the music streaming service powers features like Discover Weekly, a playlist that offers up personalized music recommendations every week based on your listening habits.
Now Spotify is using what it knows about the music you like to show you concerts you may be interested in attending. In an update to its iPhone and Android app on Thursday, Spotify added a concerts section in the "Browse" tab.
Upcoming concerts for artists you listen to on Spotify are shown in a list, and you're able to change your location to other cities around the world if you're planning on traveling. Concert listings in Spotify are powered by SongKick.
Concerts in Spotify solves a real problem for people like me who love concerts but never know when artists are playing shows in the area until it's too late.
"Much like Discover Weekly, concert recommendations are based on your own listening and picked specifically for you - meaning we surface the live gigs that we know you'll enjoy, as well as acts that you'll love to discover," a Spotify spokesperson said. "And as your music taste evolves, so will your recommendations."
A demonstration Honda FCX Clarity produced in 2008. Fuel cell cars have not caught on because creating hydrogen has turned out to be highly inefficient compared to other readily available fuels and would also require an enormous and costly infrastructure. (Photo: Photo courtesy of JMR Photography)
Is it true that fuel cell cars aren't really any greener than conventional gas-powered internal combustion cars?
— Michelle Adamo, Portland, Oregon
A decade ago, cars powered by fuel cells seemed like the future of green automotive travel, but many analysts now think otherwise.
These futuristic cars run on hydrogen fuel and emit only heat and water vapor. Their engines mix hydrogen, stored on-board in fuel tanks much like gas tanks, with oxygen in the air to produce electricity that powers the drive train. Environmentalists love the idea of fuel cell cars given their lack of greenhouse gas emissions and reliance on a renewable fuel that can be produced domestically.
Despite these benefits, fuel cell cars have not caught on, and skeptics wonder if they ever will. One big hurdle is that creating hydrogen fuel turns out to be highly inefficient compared to other readily available fuels. According to Richard Gilbert, co-author of “Transport Revolutions: Moving People and Freight Without Oil,” the creation of hydrogen gas uses about half the energy it creates. Half of this resulting energy then goes to the conversion of hydrogen back into electricity within fuel cells. The result is that “only a quarter of the initially available energy reaches the electric motor.” In fact, hydrogen fuel cell vehicles' efficiency varies between 18 and 20 percent, while battery electric vehicles have 77-80 percent efficiency.
Not only are fuel cells less efficient than internal combustion engines, their implementation on a wide scale would create enormous infrastructure costs. New infrastructure would be required from “wells to wheels.” Also, fuel cell motors wear out five times faster than internal combustion engines, thereby resulting in a shorter car life and more maintenance. Hydrogen's small size and extreme reactivity results in brittle metal and engines prone to leaking, which reduces both environmental and practical benefits.
But many still consider fuel cell cars a viable option.
“Hydrogen is the key to sustainable transportation because it can be produced in virtually unlimited quantities from renewable resources and because its use is nearly pollution-free,” says the nonprofit INFORM. A significant financial commitment to hydrogen research, says the group, could result in a variety of vehicles fueled by hydrogen that perform as well or better than gasoline vehicles, with a fraction of the environmental impact.
INFORM adds that transitioning to hydrogen could be achieved without new federal dollars if we reallocate funds within the national energy program from nuclear and fossil fuels. “The opportunities for innovation and economic growth in hydrogen energy are largely untapped, and many nations are working to establish an early position in this fledgling field.” According to INFORM, Germany and Japan are far ahead of the U.S. in hydrogen development. The group would like to see U.S. policymakers encourage more development of fuel cells so we have options open in a fast-transitioning energy future.
Meanwhile, sales of battery electric and hybrid vehicles continue to soar — rising 228 percent in 2013 alone. There are currently no new fuel cell vehicles for sale at American auto dealers, although Honda has hinted that it could have its FCX fuel cell engine ready for the mass market by 2018.
EarthTalk is written and edited by Roddy Scheer and Doug Moss and is a registered trademark of E - The Environmental Magazine (www.emagazine.com). Send questions to: earthtalk@emagazine.com.
On the Web
• INFORM: www.informinc.org
• Honda FCX: http://automobiles.honda.com/fcx-clarity
Read or Share this story: https://www.poughkeepsiejournal.com/story/tech/science/environment/2014/08/17/fuel-cell-cars-living-hopes/14074177/
If you think you've got the right stuff to make a pioneering space voyage to Mars, fire up the video camera and tell Mars One officials why they should select you for the trip.
The Netherlands-based non-profit told Space.com recently that it is soliciting astronaut audition tapes as part of its selection process for a Mars mission targeted for 2023. Mars One, co-founded by Dutch entrepreneur Bas Lansdorp, aims to establish a permanent Mars colony, beginning with a four-person crew that would travel to the planet aboard a specialized Dragon spacecraft built by private space contractor SpaceX.
What's more, the audition process will be modeled after televised talent shows like American Idol. Space industry experts will whittle down the candidate list, but the final selection of the first four colonists to make the trip to Mars will come down to an audience vote following a "global reality television series," Lansdorp said, according to the site.
Mars One told Space.com it would begin accepting one-minute audition videos between now and July to kick off a two-year search for Mars colonists. Years before the crewed mission, the organization aims to send robot probes to Mars to scout colony location sites, with the first such mission planned to take place by 2016.
The foundation intends to have 24 astronauts in training by July 2015. Following the initial voyage to Mars in 2023, Mars One plans to send five more teams of four colonists to the planet every two years.
"We expect a million applications with one-minute videos, and hopefully some of those videos will go viral," Lansdorp, Mars One's CEO, told Space.com in London last week at a meeting of the British Interplanetary Society (BIS), the site reported.
Mars One will charge a fee for video submissions to both "weed out folks who aren't serious about their candidacy" and raise money for the ambitious project, they added. Fees will vary for applicants based on country of originMars One will accept applications from all over the world, according to Space.comwith a maximum entry fee of $25.
The first colonization mission will cost $6 billion, according to Mars One. That will include the cost of developing "landing systems, habitats, a Mars Transit Vehicle (MTV), rovers, solar arrays, and other technologies associated with the colony" as well as the trip to the planet itself, Space.com reported. Mars One estimates that subsequent crewed voyages will cost $4 billion apiece, while each unmanned supply mission could cost $250 million.
Part of the way Mars One hopes to raise funds for the project is through "a global reality television series that will follow the colonization effort from astronaut selection to the first landing and the settlement's expansion."
Lansdorp and Mars One will hold a press conference in New York on April 22 to further reveal details about its recruitment process, the site said.
Training will be long and intense for the winning candidates. The four-person teams will "face seven years of training that will include spending three months at a time in a replica of the Mars colony," Space.com reported.
"We will give them all the most stressful situations," the site quoted Lansdorp as saying. The foundation expects some individuals to drop out of the running during training and plans to hold annual selections for replacements from 2015 onward.
But be warnedMars One is currently billing its ambitious colonization mission as a one-way trip to the Red Planet.
"[P]rospective colonists must be prepared to say goodbye to Earth foreverthere are no plans at this point to bring Mars One astronauts home," Space.com noted.
Applicants for the Mars One project must be 18 years old.
While the rest of the country was forced to go dry, underneath Downtown Los Angeles the party never stopped.
Despite prohibition laws, 11 miles of service tunnels became passageways to basement speakeasies with innocuous fronts above ground. Patrons were able to move about under the city, boozing it up without a care in the world, while the Mayor's office ran the supply of hootch.
King Eddy Saloon, an establishment that has been alive and kicking on 5th and Main since the 1900s, hid in plain sight fronting as a piano store. Luckily, local officials took no issue with King Eddy's sudden interest in music, and the business not only survived, but prospered. Now an official saloon once more, its basement still remains part of the tunnel system, littered with crumbling brick lines and graffiti murals.
Aside from the service tunnels, there are also abandoned subway and equestrian tunnels from the days before personal vehicles began clogging up LA's city streets. There are stories of these tunnels being used by police to transport prisoners, bank security to move large sums of cash safely, and both coroners and mobsters to store bodies. Now they are mostly closed off, but some are still accessible and are used as film locations, easy shortcuts by city employees between buildings, and a place for runners to train on the rare occasion of bad weather.
To explore the former highway of the LA underground, you must slip behind the Hall of Records on Temple Street and locate an easy-to-miss elevator. You'll be transported down into a subterranean passage filled with mysterious street art, rusted machinery, and iron gates that limit your exploration to areas deemed earthquake safe. Officially, the tunnels are closed to the public.
She's Lost It=> Miley Cyrus: “I Feel Genderless, I Feel Ageless”
In an interview with Ross King on ITV's U.K show Lorraine; Miley Cyrus stands by their bizarre social justice persona, claiming that in real life (she) feels “ageless and genderless”. They want people to know that they don't let labels define who they are as a person. Absolutely delusional.
It is difficult to make sense of some of the quotes from the interview. Most of their ramblings sound like familiar social justice whining heard on college campuses like UC Berkley:
“I think I'm weird because I feel like everything and nothing all at once. I think I feel genderless, I feel ageless,”
“I'm just a spirit soul — not even divided by human being or I treat the animals the same or hopefully treat the planet with as much respect as possible.”
“There's no us and them. There's no me and you. I feel like I want to be everything and I want to be also kind of nothing,”
More on Miley Cyrus' political attempts from Breitbart:
The 24-year-old “Wrecking Ball” singer — who described themselves as “pansexual” in a prior interview — said last month that they have matured beyond their “Dead Petz phase,” a reference to their 2015 album, Miley Cyrus and Them Dead Petz, for which Cyrus toured and sang on stage while wearing a unicorn outfit and a fake penis. Cyrus also recently told Billboard that they quit smoking marijuana in preparation for the release of their latest album, which is currently untitled and is due out later this year. The child star-turned-global celebrity went door-to-door for Democrat Hillary Clinton during the election, but congratulated Donald Trump on their unprecedented victory an viral Facebook video.”
Miley Cyrus' emotional breakdown after the 2016 election:
Miley Cyrus represents an entire generation that rejects reality. A generation that cares more about what they are than who they are.
Fandomestic is a new feature Celeste will be writing that looks at how people integrate their fandoms into their everyday lives. Here's the first installment, and you can check back every Thursday for a new article.
Making cakes based on Doctor Who has been popular ever since the UK children's show Blue Peter featured a how-to back in the '60s for making chocolate Dalek cakes (they did an updated tutorial prior to the start of Series 3). But Daleks aren't the only subject of cakes themed after the show. Here are ten cakes to cross time and space for (in no particular order).
1. “Extermination by Chocolate” Dalek Cake
This 15-inch-tall Dalek cake featured at Chocablog is the ultimate in chocolate decadence. Maybe Davros should consider chocolate for their next upgrade.. although then I'd probably eat them all.
2. TARDIS On A Red Planet Cake
Hard to believe, but both the TARDIS and the planet base of this cake by Umbrolly at Craftster are made of moist chocolate cake. I have enough trouble putting chocolate frosting on a chocolate cake, so I'm pretty frakkin' impressed with the detailing on the TARDIS here.
3. TARDIS Birthday Cake
Creator tazzell at Craftster made this for their daughter's 7th birthday, and laments, “Unfortunately this cake wasn't bigger on the inside.” Alas, that Time Lord technology could be applied to desserts!
4. Iowa UNIT Chocolate Dalek Cake
Made as a birthday cake for an Iowa Doctor Who fan group, UNIT, this Dalek cake based on the Blue Peter design looks like it was positively delicious to exterminate.
5. K-9 Cake & Dalek Cupcakes
This little chap's 7th birthday cake request was K-9. TOO CUTE. Cuter still is the result made by their mom, Ezri_B at Craftster, along with the little Dalek cupcakes running behind.
6. Bad Wolf TARDIS & Dalek Cupcakes
Rose and Nine guard a gingerbread TARDIS being attacked by Daleks made from upside-down cupcakes topped with teacakes. With this duo, it's only natural that “BAD WOLF” is scrawled across the cake board to complete this confectionary diorama made by Yersinia.
7. Four's TARDIS Birthday Cake
We've already seen three TARDIS cakes, but this is the first to feature the Fourth Doctor, Tom Baker. Or, to be more specific, their iconic scarf and hat. Flickr user abbietabbie makes cakes as a hobby, and this one was “for a Dr. Who is a fanatic.”
8. Rainbow Dalek Cake
If there were a disco Dalek, surely this is what it would look like. Made for a friend's birthday by Brainless Angel at Flickr, this cake (also based on the Blue Peter tutorial) mixes chocolate with licorice and colorful candy buttons.
9. Jen's Pro TARDIS Cake
The final TARDIS cake in the list, this is the only one made by a professional cake baker, Jen's Cakery. Along with most of the other cakes featured on the list, it's made of chocolate and appears to be frosted with smooth blue fondant.
10. Chocolate K-9 Cake
There must be something about seventh birthdays that makes kids have great taste in cake themes, as this is the third on our list to have been made for such an occasion. Bollops at Flickr made this one featuring K-9 with a few different kinds of candy for buttons. Delicious? Affirmative!
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) -- A Fairfield man is under arrest after Connecticut State Police say a fit of road rage led them to wave a machete at another motorist on Route 15.
State Police received a 911 call from a driver saying they were being followed and screamed at by a man in a white SUV. The caller said the car had been following them from Meriden to New Haven. Police located the car off of exit 59 in New Haven. 43-year-old Richard Walzak provided consent to a search of their vehicle and denied that they were apart of any incident on the road. Police say they found the machete behind the passenger seat of the vehicle.
Walzak has been charged with breach of peace and threatening. They were released on a $3,000 non-surety bond and is scheduled to appear in Meriden Superior Court on Nov. 9th
The top 1% is still doing better than everyone else.
Between 1979 and 2011, Americans at the top of the income scale saw their incomes grow 200%, while incomes for those further down rose between 40% and 67%.
That's one finding in a new report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office about income, taxes and government benefits.
But the report also offers a lot more intel on how to measure and understand income inequality -- one of the hot-button issues in politics today.
1. Income can be sliced and diced many ways. There's the income earned on the job, income earned in a business, income from investments such as stocks and retirement income. All those things combined are what the CBO calls "market income."
There's also income from government benefits, sometimes called "transfers." Think Social Security and Medicare payments, or food stamps and Medicaid.
Inequality can be measured across any one of these measures or across all of them collectively. How it's done will yield different degrees of inequality. The same is true if you factor in the effect of taxes and if you alter the span of years over which inequality is measured.
Based on its latest numbers, the CBO estimates income inequality has increased since 1979 across its key measures.
2. Taxes narrow the income inequality gap. The federal tax code is progressive. That means the more you make, the higher the percentage of your income you'll pay in taxes.
So, for instance, households in the top fifth of the income scale in 2011 made 58% of market income versus just 2.2% captured by those in the bottom fifth, the CBO estimated.
After taxes are factored in, however, the gap, while still large, is reduced: the top fifth captured 48.2% of after-tax income compared to 6.3% for those at the bottom.
Related: Rich-poor gap concerns Janet Yellen
3. Government benefits also narrow the gap. They boost the incomes of those lower down the income scale. Indeed, between 1979 and 2011, government transfers reduced income inequality more than federal taxes, the CBO said.
4. Taxes are on the rise. While average federal tax rates for all income groups have been relatively low by historical comparison, they are on the rise.
The biggest jump by far is on incomes of the top 1%, due to a series of tax law changes between 2011 and 2013. For example, high-income households got hit with new taxes in the Affordable Care Act, as well as higher tax rates because of the expiration of some Bush-era tax cuts.
Under 2013 tax rules, the agency said, the average federal tax rate for the top 1% would be 4.3 percentage points higher than in 2011 versus about 1 percentage point higher for other households.
5. There will always be those who make more, and those who make less. There's no objective, bright line beyond which everyone agrees the gap in incomes between the rich, the middle class and the poor is a social and economic problem.
And some policy experts contend that growing income inequality is a much less important metric than the state of economic mobility, which is the ability to move up the income ladder.
There is also disagreement about how much, if at all, growing income inequality has hurt mobility.
The debate shows no signs of letting up anytime soon.
Residents of Bethune Lofts and nearby buildings are about to get some new neighbors: about 300 college students.
A Utah developer is now free to proceed with their proposal for a new student-housing complex at 2929 Main St., transforming an old multibuilding manufacturing complex into a new residential community. The $30 million project, which already received a package of zoning variances, was approved by the Buffalo Planning Board on Monday after two months of consideration.
David Freeman's DF Fusion Investments of Provo, Utah, plans to convert the facility formerly occupied by metal-finishing company Keystone Corp. into apartments aimed at graduate students at the University at Buffalo and other nearby colleges. The 4.4-acre site is located near the LaSalle Metro Rail station, the William Price development and McCarthy Park.
The project includes 230 parking spaces, but some neighbors expressed concerns about a potential flood of students parking on neighborhood streets. Attorney Marc Romanowski, representing DF Fusion, noted that many of the renters would be using public transit, not cars. "A lot of them do not bring vehicles to schools. There's not a big need for it," they said.
Additionally, the city's Green Code does not require a specific number of parking spaces for a particular project, but rather allows for market-driven decisions. And Romanowski said DF Fusion is prepared to open discussions with the city and individual property owners to obtain additional parking if needed.
Board members agreed.
"From my experience at work, a lot of these students will be on bicycles and public transportation because there's so much concern about the cost of parking on the Medical Campus," said vice chairperson Cynthia Schwartz, who works at Roswell Park Cancer Institute. "I think there are sufficient parking spaces for what is proposed. If people wish to park on a public street, they're going to park on a public street."
A 68-year-old man was hospitalized after they were attacked by a 6-7 foot shark today off the coast of Ocracoke Island in North Carolina, Hyde County and National Park Service officials said.
The victim, identified by the hospital as Andrew Costello, was bitten on their left side in their lower leg and hip and on both their hands around 12:13 p.m., Hyde County EMS Director Justin Gibbs told ABC News. They added that the victim was conscious when they got into the helicopter, where they gave a description of the attack that allowed officials to confirm they were bitten by a shark.
Costello was taken to Vidant Medical Center in Greenville, North Carolina, and listed in fair condition, the hospital said in a statement Wednesday night.
17-Year-Old Hospitalized After North Carolina Shark Attack
47-Year-Old Man Airlifted to Hospital After North Carolina Shark Attack
Some See Shark Fishing as Possible Factor in North Carolina Attacks
Teen Bitten by Shark Off Isle of Palms, South Carolina
"He had been swimming in about 25-30 feet offshore in about waist-deep water with their adult son," the National Park Service said in a statement. "There were no other swimmers injured."
The attack is the seventh shark attack off the North Carolina coast since June, including one in Avon Beach last Friday when a 47-year-old man punched the shark that bit their right leg and lower back.
The alarming number of attacks in North Carolina "is an extremely dangerous situation right now," said George Burgess, who directs the Florida Program for Shark Research at Florida International University.
"There is clearly a continuing threat situation here," they told ABC News.
Burgess, along with some law enforcement officials along the coast, are calling for many of the waterfront communities to consider closing the beaches. Burgess added that considering the trend the past couple of weeks, it's almost a given there will be more victims this Fourth of July weekend.
There are many inherent dangers while swimming in ocean or sound waters. Swimmers are advised to be aware of conditions and their surroundings.
ABC News' Matt Gutman contributed to this report.
The king of Bahrain, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, opposes the Arab states' boycott of Israel and intends to allow citizens from their kingdom to visit the Jewish state freely, according to Rabbi Marvin Hier, who is the dean and founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles, California.
Bahrain and Israel have no formal diplomatic relations.
Hier, alongside the Associate Director of the Wiesenthal Center, Rabbi Abraham Cooper, met with the Bahraini king in Manama, the tiny Persian Gulf state's capital, on February 26, 2017.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Hier told The Times of Israel in a phone interview Monday that they were in Dubai on a mission for their organization when the king personally invited them to visit their palace. While the meeting took place in February, Hier said that they were ready now to discuss its contents after receiving “a clear signal” from the king that the royal meant business. In this case, the signal was that Bahraini Prince Nasser bin Hamad al Khalifa attended a large event for the Weisenthal Center on Thursday, and also visited the unabashedly pro-Israeli Museum of Tolerance, also located in Los Angeles.
The king had members of their cabinet sitting in on the meeting with the two rabbis, Hier said.
“The king made a clear statement: ‘It's illogical for the Arab world to boycott Israel. We must find a better way,'” they said.
Asked whether they were sure the king was ready to allow Bahrainis to visit the Jewish state, Hier responded, “absolutely and unequivocally.”
Israel's Foreign Ministry on Sunday seemingly backed the statements by Hier, writing on its Arabic Twitter account, “Bahrain's King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa denounced the Arab boycott against Israel and has confirmed that Bahraini citizens are now free to visit #Israel.”
However, the tweet was quickly deleted.
Hier was full of praise for Bahrain's king. They said the two continued to correspond with each other after the meeting in Manama and bonded over a shared love of the late American singer Frank Sinatra, who was a supporter of the Wiesenthal Center.
“He is a 21st-century ruler. They don't want to see their country behave as other Middle Eastern countries have,” the rabbi said.
Hier, who has met with other Arab leaders, said the Bahraini king “is far advanced in their thinking from other leaders in the region. There is no comparison. The others are much more cautious. ”
“He sees, in my opinion, that there is no reason for there to be hostilities between Israel and their kingdom,” they said.
Hier added that the king “made it clear” that Bahrain and Israel could be obvious allies in their shared desire to stem Iranian influence in the region.
Bahrain, a group of islands in the Persian gulf with a population of 1.4 million, has no formal diplomatic relations with the State of Israel. However, a trickle of Israeli tourists and business people have been known to visit the country in recent years.
While Jerusalem and Manama have never maintained diplomatic relations, in 2005, the king boasted to an American official that their state has contacts with Israel “at the intelligence/security level (i.e., with Mossad),” according to a secret US diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks. The king also indicated willingness “to move forward in other areas, although it will be difficult for Bahrain to be the first.” The development of “trade contacts,” though, would have to wait for the implementation of a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the king said in the cable.
Other WikiLeaks documents show that senior officials from both countries have spoken in recent years, including a 2007 meeting between then-foreign minister Tzipi Livni and Foreign Minister Khalid bin Ahmed Al Khalifa in New York. In 2009, Al Khalifa also signaled that they were willing to meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to try to advance the peace process, but ultimately decided not to go ahead with the plan.
In 2009, Bahrain's crown prince Sheikh Salman bin Hamad al-Khalifa penned an op-ed for the Washington Post, in which they urged Arab countries to communicate more with Israel for the sake of the peace process.
In 2016, when former president Shimon Peres died, Bahrain was the only Gulf country to publicly mourn their passing.
“We are entitled, and look forward, to the day when we see an independent state, living in peace and security, side by side with the State of Israel,” a statement from Bahrain's Foreign Minister Sheikh Khaled bin Ahmed Al Khalifa read at the time.
Rest in Peace President Shimon Peres , a Man of War and a Man of the still elusive Peace in the Middle East — خالد بن ‏أحمد (@khalidalkhalifa) September 29, 2016
In 2010, an Israeli hospital provided life-saving treatment to a Bahraini princess.
Netanyahu said recently that Israel is enjoying its “best-ever” relations with the Arab world.
Bahraini crown prince stands for Hatikvah
On September 14, the Simon Wiesenthal Center co-hosted an interfaith event in Los Angeles that was attended by Bahraini Prince Nasser bin Hamad al Khalifa.
During the ceremony, the prince signed The Bahrain Declaration on Religious Tolerance, a document that attacks extremism and praises religious tolerance.
Hier said that there was a debate about whether Israel's national anthem, Hatikvah, would be played at the event, as it is played at all events for their organization.
With the permission of the Bahraini delegation, which financed the event, Hatikvah was played and everyone present, including the Arab diplomats, stood in respect, Hier said.
Bahraini King's Declaration of Worldwide Religious Tolerance Unveiled at Historic Wiesenthal Center Interfaith Event https://t.co/UbibAt8ia6 pic.twitter.com/mdUVlJ0aoY — SimonWiesenthalCntr (@simonwiesenthal) September 15, 2017
“If the Hatikvah was a no no, [the prince] is the boss. But they knew on our part that we couldn't tolerate that,” Hier said.
Bahrain is the only Arab Gulf state that has a synagogue. The country had a Jewish population of some 1,500 Jews in 1948. However, after the declaration of the State of Israel, many left, and almost all those who remained followed suit after 1967's Six Day War. Today, fewer than 50 Jews remain in the country.
stadium at the University of Washington
This article is about the University of Washington stadium. For other uses, see Husky Stadium (disambiguation)
Not to be confused with Huskie Stadium , the home football field of Northern Illinois University.
Alaska Airlines Field at Husky Stadium (colloquially known as simply Husky Stadium) is an outdoor football stadium in the northwest United States, located on the campus of the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington.
It has been the home of the Washington Huskies of the Pac-12 Conference since 1920, hosting its football games. The university also holds its annual commencement at the stadium in June. It is located at the southeastern corner of campus, between Montlake Boulevard N.E. and Union Bay, just north of the Montlake Cut. The stadium is served by the University of Washington Link light rail station, as well as several bus routes.
The stadium underwent a $280 million renovation that was completed in 2013.[4] Its U-shaped design was specifically oriented (18.167° south of due east) to minimize glare from the early afternoon sun in the athletes' eyes.[6] The stadium's open end overlooks scenic Lake Washington and the Cascade Mountains, including Mount Rainier. Prior to the 2013 renovation, its total capacity of 72,500 made it the largest stadium in the Pacific Northwest and one of the largest stadiums in college football.
History [ edit ]
The original stadium was built 99 years ago in 1920[7] by Puget Sound Bridge and Dredging Company with a seating capacity of 30,000. It replaced Denny Field, located at the north end of campus, south of NE 45th St. and 20th Ave NE. Husky Stadium's first game was the concluding game of the 1920 season, a 28–7 loss to Dartmouth on November 27.
In the summer of 1923, the stadium was the site of President Warren Harding's final public address on July 27,[8] less than a week before their unexpected death in San Francisco.
The capacity of the lower bowl was expanded with the addition of 10,000 seats around the rim in 1936, and a few thousand more in 1968. The first of the stadium's iconic covered grandstands was constructed in 1950, adding 15,000 seats to the south side.[9]
"Go Huskies" and the "W" logo were painted on the
north and south decks in September 2008.[10] An aerial view of Husky Stadium as seen the day before the start of the 2011 renovation project."Go Huskies" and the "W" logo were painted on thenorth and south decks in September 2008.
In 1987, 13,000 seats were added with the construction of the north grandstand.[11] Similar to the south stand, this structure included a cantilevered steel roof covering a portion of the lower seats. The project made headlines on February 25, 1987, when the grandstand collapsed during construction as a result of miscommunication between the workers and the contractor, which lead to the premature removal during the intended replacement of several support cables.[12] Although there were no casualties, property damage ranged from $500,000 to $1 million and resulted in setbacks.[13][14]
Husky Stadium was a primary venue for the 1990 Goodwill Games, where the crowd saw an address by former President Ronald Reagan, as well as an address by Arnold Schwarzenegger, and a performance by the Moody Blues & Gorky Park. The stadium hosted the opening and closing ceremonies, as well as the track & field competition.
Husky Stadium was the temporary home of the Seattle Seahawks for five games (two preseasons and three regular season) in 1994 while the Kingdome was temporarily closed for repairs to its damaged roof. After the demolition of the Kingdome in March 2000, the Seahawks played at Husky Stadium for the 2000 and 2001 seasons before moving into Seahawks Stadium (now CenturyLink Field) in 2002.
The playing field at Husky Stadium was originally dirt, which was then replaced with natural grass in 1938.[15] In 1968, Washington became one of the first major college teams to play on AstroTurf at home; at the time, the Houston Astrodome and Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee were the only major facilities to use the surface. The AstroTurf field was replaced in 1972, 1977, 1987, and 1995.[16] FieldTurf, a new variation of synthetic turf, was installed in 2000 at a cost of $1,074,958. The new turf features enhanced drainage and reduced abrasion through the use of synthetic fibers that are tufted into an infill of sand and rubber. The project was funded by Seattle Seahawks owner Paul Allen, who used Husky Stadium as a temporary home venue during the construction of CenturyLink Field. The first of its kind in the NFL, the surface was so popular with the players that the Seahawks, who had planned to use natural grass at their new stadium, instead installed their own FieldTurf surface.[17] The FieldTurf at Husky Stadium was replaced with a newer one after nine seasons in 2009 at a cost of $350,000.[18]
Husky Stadium under construction in 1920 in front of Union Bay
In addition to the new playing surface, the Seahawks made other improvements to Husky stadium in preparation for its tenure as an NFL venue for two seasons. A larger scoreboard debuted in 1998, with a 23-by-42-foot (7.0 m × 12.8 m) "HuskyTron" video screen. Improved lighting for television, including corner lights, was added in 1999, and official NFL goalposts (optic yellow, 40 ft (12.2 m) in height) were installed in 2000.
The Husky Stadium end zones were painted gold during the 1980s and early 1990s; the new AstroTurf in 1995 changed them to purple. They became natural green with the installation of FieldTurf in 2000, which lasted until 2009 when they reverted to gold for one season. Purple end zones returned prior the 2010 season, and were temporarily painted black for the Huskies' first "blackout" game against UCLA on November 18.
On September 3, 2015, Alaska Airlines purchased naming rights to the field, which changed the official name to "Alaska Airlines Field at Husky Stadium." The agreement, in which the university will receive $41 million over 10 years, became the largest of its kind in college athletics.[19]
The Wave [ edit ]
Downtown and Pre-renovation in 2009, looking south;Downtown and Space Needle at top right
Many claim that the first audience wave originated in Husky Stadium on Halloween 1981, at the prompting of Husky band trumpeter Dave Hunter.[20][21] Contrary to Hunter's account, former Washington yell leader Robb Weller has also claimed credit for the first wave.[22][23] Weller was the guest yell-king during the Huskies' homecoming football game against Stanford. Their initial concept for the wave was for it to travel vertically, from the bottom of the stands to the top, within the Husky student section.[20][24] When the stunt was met with limited interest, they then decided to reverse the movement of the wave to travel from top to bottom. This failed miserably, as it was necessary to turn backward to see the wave progressing downward. Weller then gave up and returned their attention to the game. However, a fan named Omar Parker sitting on the open (east) end of the stadium at the student side started yelling "sideways". Weller did not hear him, but then many students tried to initiate a "sideways" wave on their own. After a few attempts, and more yelling of "sideways" by students, Weller took notice. They instructed the crowd to stand as they ran past. They moved along the track toward the open end of the stadium, explaining to the student crowd what they would do, then ran along the track toward the closed end of the stadium, in front of the student section. The stunt caught on after a couple of tries and continued around the entire stadium, and was then repeated throughout the rest of the game and the season. Longtime UW band director Bill Bissell also claimed co-creator credit with Weller, suggesting that the wave was devised by both of them prior to the game. The following week Bill Scott (known as "Bill the Beer Man") started the wave in Husky Stadium and also at the Seattle Seahawks game in the Kingdome.
at the 100th Capacity crowd in the south standsat the 100th Apple Cup in 2007
Husky Stadium has long been recognized as one of the loudest stadiums in the nation.[25] This is in part due to the stadium's design; almost 70% of the seats are located between the end zones, covered by cantilevered metal roofs that trap the sound.[26]
At times, the high decibel levels typical of Husky games, in addition to fans stomping their feet in the bleachers, causes television cameras to shake. During the 1992 night game against the Nebraska Cornhuskers, ESPN measured the noise level at over 130 decibels, well above the threshold of pain. The maximum recorded level of 133.6 decibels, according to ESPN, is the highest ever recorded for a college football stadium.[27]
Tailgating [ edit ]
Husky Stadium is unusual in that fans can travel to football games by boat, known locally as "sailgating" (other stadiums with this feature include Neyland Stadium at Tennessee, Heinz Field at Pittsburgh, and McLane Stadium at Baylor). There can be upwards of 12,000 people out on Lake Washington next to Husky Stadium during game days.[28] Before kickoff, the Washington crew team offers shuttles to anyone that wants to go to and from the boats and docks for the game.[29]
The north and south parking lots are packed with cars for tailgating. There is currently controversy surrounding the south parking lot because the Pacific Interchange Option for expansion to the SR 520 Floating Bridge would effectively eliminate the south parking lot for tailgating.
Fans also gather at the Dempsey Indoor Facility just north of the stadium for Husky Huddles. After the game, the Tyee Sports Council and the University of Washington Athletic Department put on events where fans can gather and hear analysis of the game from Washington coaches and Husky Legends, and listen to the Husky Marching Band.
2011–2013 renovation [ edit ]
Renovation in April 2012
Husky Stadium had developed numerous structural problems over the years as a result of standing for nine decades in Seattle's moist weather, particularly in the lower bowl. In November 2011, Husky Stadium began a $261 million renovation,[30] the largest single capital project in the history of the University of Washington.[31] Home games were played at CenturyLink Field during the 2012 season while construction took place.[30] The Apple Cup in 2011 was moved to CenturyLink to advance the start of the project by several weeks.
The new Husky Stadium was developed by Wright Runstad & Company, designed by 360 Architecture, and constructed by Turner Construction company. The steel decking was supplied by Profile Steel. The new stadium is the first and primary income source of a completely remodeled athletic district which includes a new $19 million Husky Ballpark, a new track and field stadium, renovated soccer stadium, $50 million basketball operations and practice facility and recently completed projects such as the Husky Legends Center, the Conibear Shellhouse and Alaska Airlines Arena renovations, and the construction of the Dempsey Indoor facility. This major remodel of the athletic village coincided with construction for an underground station for a northern extension of the Link Light Rail system and a replacement of the Evergreen Point Floating Bridge.
The renovation project incorporated a new grand concourse, press box, video and audio system, and football offices, as well as new and improved amenities, concession stands, and bathrooms. The track that had enclosed the playing field was removed, and the field itself lowered by four feet to make room for additional seating closer to the sidelines. The student section was relocated from the north sideline to the west end zone, and the temporary bleachers in the east end zone were replaced with a permanent structure featuring field-level suites. The addition of box suites reduced the seating capacity from 72,500 to 70,138.[32] Despite the reduction in capacity, the renovated stadium is expected to be as loud as its predecessor.[33] Additionally, new parking garages were constructed and facilities throughout the athletic village were renovated.[34]
Seattle Seahawks [ edit ]
The NFL's Seattle Seahawks first played home games at Husky Stadium in 1994, while unplanned repairs were made to the interior ceiling of the Kingdome. A total of five Seahawk games were at Husky Stadium; two pre-season and three regular seasons. The Kingdome reopened for the final five home games, starting on November 6.
The Seahawks later played the 2000 and 2001 seasons at Husky Stadium while their new home, Seahawks Stadium (now CenturyLink Field), was constructed on the footprint of the demolished Kingdome.
NFL exhibition games [ edit ]
Between 1955 and 1975, Husky Stadium hosted 12 NFL preseason games. The San Francisco 49ers played six times at the stadium, the most of any team. Other teams to make multiple appearances include the New York Giants, Los Angeles Rams, Cleveland Browns, and Chicago/St. Louis Cardinals.[35]
At one point after the 1970 NFL season, Ralph Wilson came close to moving the Buffalo Bills from dilapidated War Memorial Stadium to Husky Stadium.[36] The threat of relocation prompted the developers in the Buffalo suburbs to construct Rich Stadium (later Ralph Wilson Stadium and now New Era Field), which opened in 1973. The Bills have resided there ever since.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Jeff McLane of the Philadelphia Inquirer posted a two-part column pertaining to some of the sourced information he's heard during their time at the 2014 NFL Combine last week. Read the first piece here. I gave my analysis of what McLane discussed in their post at BGN. Now it's time to take a look at their second column. Here's my take on what they had to offer this time:
1) Nick Foles will start for the Eagles in 2014, but the team isn't ready to fully commit to them in the long-term.
When you think about it, it doesn't really matter what the Eagles say about committing to Nick Foles right now. They obviously like them a lot. He's going to be the starter next year. Everyone knows how good of a season they had from a statistical perspective. But now 2013 is over and looking back won't mean much if Foles falls flat on their face in 2014. While I don't expect that to happen, it's fair to wonder how much natural regression will impact Foles' performance. The Eagles don't have to "commit" to Foles until time for a new contract comes, which can't happen until after this season. Foles can end any reservations the team might have by going out and having another great year. But what happens if Foles falls somewhere short of great and closer to merely just good enough?
Here, the cause for healthy concern when it comes to Foles is highlighted in this line from McLane:
The worst that could happen to the Eagles would be for Foles to perform somewhere in that nether region that often forces teams to move forward with a quarterback they're less than convinced can win them a Super Bowl.
This is exactly what the biggest fear is with Foles. He's proven that they won't likely ever be flat out terrible, aside from a fluke game (first Cowboys meeting last year). But Foles needs to prove he's better than simply "good enough" for the team to feel great about committing to them in the long-term. It's up to Foles to prove the doubters wrong by showing they can improve and lead the team to even more success than just a playoff berth.
2) Earl Wolff may have been pushed to return from their knee injury before they were ready.
Wolff's return to the field did seem to come a little sooner than expected based on their comments regarding their injury at the time. Wolff didn't give a great sense that they were completely healthy. This factoid is more of an indictment of how poor the Eagles safety depth was last year. The Eagles preferred an injured Wolff to a healthy Patrick Chung, Kurt Coleman, or Colt Anderson. It's not a given any of those players return. The Eagles will be sure to add new faces to the safety position both through free agency and the draft.
3) Trent Cole's future is uncertain.
I've maintained that I don't see Trent Cole going anywhere yet. They had a really slow start to the season but they finished strong, which is usually the opposite of how Cole's season goes. They aren't a liability as a starter in the 3-4 but they aren't a dynamic play-maker either. The way I see it, Cole gets one more year with the Eagles. Chip Kelly really values their leadership. The scenario I envision is Cole starting but getting less repetitions with the Eagles rotating their snaps with a pass rusher they add through the draft.
4) Brandon Graham does have trade value.
Some were surprised to see Brandon Graham not traded at some point last year. It's hard to blame the Eagles for wanting to see what Graham could do in the 3-4. Graham only played around 20% to 30% of the team's snaps on a game by game basis. They added pass rush off the bench, but they hardly remain the ideal fit as 3-4 outside linebacker. Graham's best fit still seems to be as a 4-3 defensive end, and other teams apparently see this as well. Graham will turn 26 in April and they have two cheap years left on their deal, so perhaps the Eagles could find something of moderate value to receive in return for the former first round pick.
5) Vinny Curry may not be a perfect fit for the system but they are worth keeping. Cedric Thornton will be tendered.
McLane ties these two together because they complement each other's weaknesses. Thornton is a great run defender but doesn't offer much pass rush. Curry is quick off the ball and can rush the passer, but he's not meant to be a full-time starter in the system.
Thornton will be tendered to the minimum due to their status as an exclusive-rights restricted free agent. Thornton's only options for this year are to play for the Eagles or sit out of football entirely. They can't negotiate with another team.
6) Everyone will play in the slot with Jason Avant expected to be gone. Jeremy Maclin could do so more than anyone. Zach Ertz is the X factor.
BGN already discussed this topic in a post early on Saturday morning.
7) LeSean McCoy is taking little time off. Todd Herremans saved their job with a strong second half of 2013. What will the Eagles do with James Casey?
Shady McCoy had a career year. They led the league in rushing and won numerous awards and honors for their brilliant performance. So what's they doing now? Working to get even better. You have to love the reasoning given: ""I know Adrian Peterson isn't resting."
Herremans is seen as the weakness of the offensive line, and some think they could be replaced as early as this year. But it's worth mentioning, as McLane does, how the Herr-dawg was coming off surgery and making a transition to a new position. The Eagles will need to find a long-term option to take over for Herremans one day but they can still be an effective starter in the short-term.
The more I think about it, the more I think James Casey isn't an obvious cut. Despite their lack of playing time on offense, they were one of the team's best special teams players. They also started to be utilized more at the end of the year as a run blocker, which they excelled at. Casey is also a good locker room presence. McLane notes the Eagles might ask them to take a pay cut, since he's due nearly $4 million in salary this season. I don't think a mutual agreement would be out of the realm of possibility.
[Don't forget to read McLane's entire column here.]
Chapter Text
The moon was full, wreathed in color and light. The sounds of music and laughter and festivities filled the crisp and cool summer night's air. It was the 4th of July, and in a rocky grotto nestled in a hilltop above the celebrations, Dipper Pines watched the explosions in the sky. But they were not alone. Sitting next to him, cross-legged and mystified, was Pacifica Northwest. Why they were mystified was anyone's guess. Hailing from essentially the richest family in Oregon, fireworks should be as commonplace and mundane to them as say, tableware, or books. Maybe it had something to do with the manner in which everyone was lighting and dancing and having a great time with their meager by comparison display. Or maybe it was their surroundings, that this new place made a new experience that was deeper or more meaningful. Or maybe it had something more to do with their current company. They didn't pay the passing thoughts much attention, and didn't thank about it much overall. That wasn't their strong suit. Yet. No one would earnestly call them dim or stupid, but they aren't exactly practiced at the art of introspection or philosophy. Besides, there was hardly any room in their spinning head for any one idea to breathe, much less flourish.
Dipper and Pacifica were both 15 now. Only about a month apart, as it turned out. And this meeting, this little impromptu pow-wow of theirs now, was on the verge of becoming a tradition. After the arguably overly-eventful Summer of Weirdmageddon (as the locals had taken to calling it, and then never speaking about it again), The Grunkles Stan had sailed off into the horizon on their handmade boat, The Stan-o'-War 2. Dipper had declined to mention that according to maritime tradition, naming one boat after another was considered extremely bad luck. In their childhood, the two brothers had conjured grand dreams of repairing the abandoned boat they had found decrepit on the shore, and running away to see the world on their own accords. Obviously, that hadn't ever happened. Time and space had gotten in the way, particularly badly in fact. So now, after Stanley had regained most of their memories, they were making up for lost time. They had sent postcards to the twins from Brazil, Costa Rica, Panama City, and a good deal of the rest of South America. Or at least, the parts where using the name "Stan Pines" didn't consistently put you in a potentially bad situation. According to Dipper's geography research, this turned out to be a surprisingly small portion. Only about 20% of the total landmass.
As good as it was to see the two finally enjoying the company of the other and living out a childhood fantasy, the twins had longed for Gravity Falls again. And after a great deal of trouble had been gone to to establish an honest-to-God two-way communication, Dipper and Mabel voraciously beset upon the Grunkles. The battle was long and arduous -lasting almost half an hour- but an agreement was struck. Every summer, Stanley and Stanford would return to Gravity Falls to enjoy some dry land, and would watch the twins so that they could return to their summer home every year.
Lost in reflection, Dipper remembered the first year they had come back, and the events that lead to this moment. Pacifica had approached them and Mabel the day before and asked them if they could celebrate the 4th with them and their friends and family that year.
"I just...I need to get away from them." they had told them. Them family, assumably. Dipper had been a bit bit wary, but Mabel in their infinitely good view of all people had immediately and very enthusiastically granted them wish. A good time had been had by all, and Pacifica had put up a very minimum fuss about the amenities. They had even giggled profusely at being able to light their own fireworks. That was the night they had gone on a walk together to the hilltop for a better vista of the display, and found this conveniently cozy little grotto. It had become their special place. They went there to talk or hang out, or just be away from the bustle of their growing network of shared friends. Sometimes, they just met there to vent at each other. Pacifica usually just griped about the latest treasonous act their family them committed. And that's usually all it was: topical griping. But there definitely seemed to be more there, something much deeper at the issues heart. Dipper didn't like to pry, and they didn't offer up much in the way of it, so they didn't really discuss it.
But when things got quiet or relaxed, Dipper would catch them with this far away look in their eyes. They could only describe it as a 1,000-yard stare, full of a very specific kind of sadness, one they aren't familiar with and couldn't quite put their finger on. Almost like anxiety, but more subdued. They knew that since the debacle at the Northwest Manor, Pacifica had come to learn of and subsequently regret more and more of the Northwest family's less than admirable legacy. And they were certain that as these regrets piled up, more and more of their time was spent with them, their friends, trying to distance themselves from that legacy.
Most surprisingly though, Dipper also found their thoughts drifting further from Wendy Corduroy each year, and perilously closer to Pacifica Northwest. The girl sitting quietly beside him. The girl would still have that far away look in their eyes.
"Hey Paz, are you okay?' they asked. The nickname had been an invention of Mabel and their crew. They had resisted at first, but it was catchy and fitting, so it stuck. Dipper rather liked it, himself.
The girl who stole their breath, lighted by the neon sky...
"Dipper," they started, still looking in the direction of the moon, and notably not using the nickname they had taken to using in retaliation for their own, "Dipper, one day I'm going to leave this town, this name, everything behind."
The girl with cascading and iridescent blonde hair, who turned and looked at them pleadingly...
"Will you come with me, Dipper?"
The girl who, in an instant, made them realize they could not say no to them
"Yeah. Of course." they replied, their voice barely audible above the din of the evening. "I'd go anywhere with you, Paz. To the ends of the Earth."
They smiled, their face flooded with relief. For a moment, as if they caught it in the space between seconds, Dipper thought they saw the thin glaze of watering eyes. But before they could look for it again, they leaned into him. And before Dipper could even fathom what was happening, they kissed him. It was a brief, fleeting, but electric moment. They were deaf to the thundering of the fireworks. It lasted an eternity, and it was over all too soon.
Afterwards, they wouldn't start dating. They never brought it up to the other or talked about it. They had formed an unspoken agreement. A silent covenant not to sully their only truly vulnerably minute by setting it on display. They would not betray it, by allowing it to come to pass. Inviting the trappings of a relationship, starting the tumultuous road to the end seemed to both to be sacrilege. Neither of them knew why, but silently and separately, they both encased the memory in amber, in hopes that it would live forever. Their secret place to retreat to, a perfect likeness of the small, rocky, hidden grotto of it's birthplace. Where all was violent, and all was bright.
Research confirms that drinking wine gives you the same benefits yoga does !!!
Savasana - Position of total relaxation.
Setu Bandha Sarvangasana - This position calms the brain and heals tired legs.
Marjayasana - Position stimulates the midriff area and the spinal column.
Halasana - Excellent for back pain and insomnia.
Dolphin - Excellent for the shoulder area, thorax, legs, and arms.
Salambhasana - Great exercise to stimulate the lumbar area, legs, and arms.
Ananda Balasana - This position is great for massaging the hip area.
Malasana - This position, for ankles and back muscles.
Pigeon - Tones the body, and builds flexibility and helps get rid of 'stress'.
So in the interest of healthy relaxation ... let's start drinking !! ..............
Life really boils down to 2 questions...
1. Should I get a dog.....?
OR...
2. Should I have children?
Just to let you know
I'm thinking of you today.
No matter what situations life throws at you....
No matter how long and treacherous your journey may seem..
Remember there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
You're laughing aren't you?
That's good 'cause my job here is done! Ha ha ha……
Have a great day and remember to give thanks....
Cats are so dramatic!
Now that I made you smile, pass it on to someone else who needs a laugh today!
You think Minnesota voters have learned a lesson or two?
In the just-concluded legislative session, Pawlenty also took a hard line that played well with Republicans far beyond Minnesota, vetoing all DFLers' proposed tax increases and unilaterally cutting parts of the state's budget to whittle down its gaping deficit.
Political analysts have said a run for a third term could have been risky for Pawlenty if they harbor ambitions beyond Minnesota.
Pointing out that they have never cracked 50 percent of the vote during their two previous runs, they said they could have been vulnerable next year. And if they lost, it would have effectively ended their presidential ambitions.
In addition, if the state remained mired in economic hard times during that third term, forcing them to make potentially unpopular decisions, it could have diminished their standing among GOP White House hopefuls.
Among other potential candidates are House Minority Leader Marty Seifert, R-Marshall, and Senate Minority Leader Dave Senjem, R-Rochester.
Less well-known potential candidates from the Legislature include Rep. Laura Brod, R-New Prague; Sen. Geoff Michel, R-Edina, and Sen. David Hann, R-Eden Prairie.
Michel said a "boatload of Republicans" have been waiting for Pawlenty to decide on a third term.
Former House Speaker Steve Sviggum and former state Auditor Pat Anderson also are considered possible candidates, as is GOP activist Brian Sullivan, who ran against Pawlenty for the Republican endorsement in 2002.
Former U.S. Sen. Rod Grams and U.S. Rep. Mark Kennedy have been mentioned as theoretical possible candidates, as has been current Rep. Michele Bachmann.
Tim Pawlenty is, basically a failed and unpopular governor who acknowledged just last week on Minnesota Public Radio that they knew seeking a third term would be an uphill battle. Today they announced he'll spend their energy on something less daunting. While we can be sure it won't be trying to govern Minnesota, it's likely that he'll throw their hat into the clown's ring of Republicans wanting to take on Barack Obama in 2012. (Although a friend mentioned they could also be thinking of challenging Al Franken for the Minnesota Senate seat in 2014, accusing them of being an absentee senator who missed a ton of votes and wasn't there for Minnesotans.)And speaking of Franken, many folks are speculating that Pawlenty's announcement is proof that they will refuse to sign the election certification no matter what the Minnesota Supremem Court rules-- and despite the fact that 63% of Minnesotans want Franken seated now. Instead they will play up to right-wing zealots and obstructionists in Texas, Alabama and Georgia who want them to tough it out and not allow the Democrats that 60th seat.Earlier today, when the rumors about their decision were starting to circulate, thereported that Pawlenty had already told GOP legislative leaders they aren't going to seek re-election . Nationally, the GOP is in such dire straits that even a complete nothing like Pawlenty has as good a shot at any of the other kooks and loons vying for the worthless presidnetial nomination.Ben Smith atpointed out that if Pawlenty is serious about running for president or-- more likely-- vice president, this announcement "rees them from the strictures of tough Minnesota campaign finance laws, which made presidential fundraising tough."Today's goes through all the garbage likely to look at jumping into the Minnesota gubernatorial race. They suggest Coleman might run and claim he's "the state's most prominent Republican."
Labels: Al Franken, Minnesota, Tim Pawlenty
Gamereactor recently got the chance to speak to Batman Arkham VR producer Dax Ginn about the upcoming game and how VR is going to work with a Batman experience.
Ginn talked firstly about the success the game had in terms of keeping it a secret until E3 and they said that made Sony's press conference all the more special for them. A secret project along with a strong demo meant the game had an "amazing impact at the show" and the positive responses were also well-received.
When asked about whether the player can now finally "Be the Batman" as the tagline has often states, Ginn said that there is "a lot of sense for VR" in the game and that the player now really is "taking the role of an iconic character and then you are going into an amazing space" like Wayne Manor or the Batcave. In the elevator between the two, they said, "you're fully transitioned from the playboy billionaire upstairs to the crime fighter downstairs" and this is a great experience for the player. Whereas other games take the player and puts them somewhere, this has you fill the shoes of an existing character and that dramatically adds to the "impact of the experience".
The rest of the demo was discussed as well, especially in terms of the investigative parts of the gameplay in the second half of the demo. "Batman's oldest and most trusted ally" Nightwing has been beaten to death in the demo and the "game then becomes a murder mystery from that point". What really makes the game stand is that the player is fulfilling the role of Batman as "the world's greatest detective" over everything else. The "heart of the promise that Batman Arkham VR offers and VR just delivers on that crime scene investigation in terms of interface just so perfectly so the gameplay really does revolve all around detective work and investigative forensic work". When questioned as to whether this may seem mundane and passive, they responded that there is a "tension and a pace to it which is not slow at all", citing the detective workaround Nightwing's death as the "last moments of Nightwing's life are reconstructed" and the player is "seeing that battle, that fight unravelling around you". In this way the game creates this "sense of immersion that we've never had before that makes Batman VR something really special".
The narrative of the game was also something that was talked about in relation to the demo, Ginn saying the team "always make sure we're telling a classic Batman story" and that they "want to deliver a story and a gameplay experience that really lives up to the legacy". VR, then, was a test for Rocksteady, but "everyone at the studio I think is really proud of the work that we've done on this". They added that the "way in which the mystery unfolds is really the heart of the game" and that what they are trying to do in VR is very "difficult to express" unless you're in there in the experience.
Scale was also important to discuss considering the game being one in VR, making it what Ginn called a "totally different question" to a game on PC or consoles. There is, however, "a lot of different territory" and the "core narrative is about 60 minutes long". They added, though, that there is a lot of motivation to replay the game and discover more about the plot, which makes for another 90 minutes of gameplay as well.
Ginn was asked about potential plans to release the game on other platforms, but only said "we've announced it exclusively on PlayStation VR", which doesn't rule out the potential of it hitting other platforms later on.
A new climate study shows that since the mid-1950s, global average temperatures over land have risen by 0.9 degrees Celsius (1.6 degrees Fahrenheit), confirming previous studies that have found a climate that has been warming – in fits and starts – since around 1900.
Most climate scientists attribute warming since the mid-1950, at least to some degree, to carbon dioxide emissions from human activities – burning coal, oil, and to a lesser extent gas, and from land-use changes.
The latest results mirror those from earlier, independent studies by scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York, the Hadley Center for Climate Prediction and Research in Britain, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
These previous efforts, however, came under fire from some climate-change skeptics who said they had detected serious flaws in the analytical methods and temperature records the three groups used.
The new research, which has yet to be formally published but which appears in four papers posted on BerkeleyEarth.org, uses new analytical techniques and a much larger set of records than the previous studies did.
Indeed, the new approach to analyzing temperatures records allowed the team to make use of partial and older records previous studies had rejected as unusable, explains Richard Muller, a physicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory who coordinated the effort.
In the end, the team's result shows that the earlier studies "were done carefully and that potential biases identified by climate-change skeptics did not seriously affect" the conclusions these studies reached, said Dr. Muller, who some climate activists have labeled a global-warming skeptic.
The approach embodied in the main work "is very valuable, but may also need some refinement," says Kevin Trenberth, a climate scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder, Colo.
Besides confirming the temperature trend, the Berkeley group says it was able to rule out the urban heat-island effect as a significant contributor to global warming.
And it was able to show that even with a large number of critical US recording stations operating inaccurately, those stations still showed long-term trends that were consistent with more reliable stations.
In essence, any given measuring station may be off compared with surrounding stations. But if it's off by a consistent amount, long-term trends will still show up.
The study also highlighted the regional differences in temperature trends that can lead people to say: What global warming?
Over the past 70 years, the team found that about one-third of the measuring stations in its global sample indicated cooling trends. Two-thirds showed warming trends, with warm regions more than offsetting cool regions in developing a global average.
Money for the new study, dubbed the Berkeley Earth Surface Temperature project, came from five foundations, including one established by Microsoft founder Bill Gates and another from the Charles Koch Charitable Foundation, widely seen as a source of money for conservative organizations and initiatives that have fought efforts to curb greenhouse-gas emissions.
The work makes no attempt to attribute the rising temperatures to any particular cause. Nor does it include ocean temperatures, the subject of a future study.
Still, this confirmation could help move the discussion toward solutions, suggests Caspar Ammann, another climate scientist at NCAR.
With minor differences, trends in all four independent study groups' temperature records match up well from about 1900 on, with the Berkeley and NOAA analyses showing a slightly higher level for the mid-2000s than the NASA and Hadley analyses.
"The rather irrational doubt and claims of a hoax simply don't make sense, and this work might help restart the discussion about what is next," Dr. Ammann says.
The team Muller assembled is not built from the usual cast of climate-science suspects, although Judith Curry, who heads Georgia Tech's department of earth and atmospheric sciences, is a member of the team.
Instead, Muller says they drew heavily on scientists from astrophysics and particle physics with expertise in teasing convincing, reproducable evidence from enormous masses of hard-to-analyze data.
Among them: Saul Perlmutter, who earlier this month shared a Nobel Prize in Physics with two other scientists for discovering that the universe is expanding at an increasing pace. The data Dr. Perlmutter and their colleagues used to stun the world of cosmology – results that others later confirmed – were far less abundant and far harder to analyze than temperature records, Muller says.
The team's independence and its willingness to devise its own analytical methods to provide a reality check on the three other groups' results sold the Koch foundation on the project, Muller adds.
Beyond the immediate results, the group is trying to make such work more transparent to other scientists than critics say has been the case in recent climate science.
The team posted the four papers on the BerkeleyEarth.org website in advance of their publication, or even acceptance for publication, in peer-reviewed journals. In addition, the team posted the data and the computer programs used to process and analyze them.
That move has drawn criticism from some climate skeptics who intially supported the group's efforts, arguing that the team was more interested in publicity than in following proper scientific protocol of submitting to a journal and awaiting the verdict of anonymous reviewers.
But for more than a decade, researchers in physics, astrophysics, astronomy, and other disciplines have routinely posted papers-in-progress on public websites for review by colleagues. It's a way of getting an initial reality check on research before engaging the formal publication process.
Some researchers say they doubt this approach will work well for climate science, despite criticisms surrounding what some see as the difficulty of getting other researchers' data or access to the programs they used.
Although the approach can lead to overloaded e-mail inboxes, "I'm quite in favor of these new ways of getting work out and allow a broader set of eyes to provide feedback," says Ammann at NCAR.
[Editor's note: The original headline was changed to correct an inaccuracy about who funded the new climate study. Moreover, the original headline inferred that the Charles Koch Charitable Foundation may not have funded the research if it had known what the outcome would be, although there is no indication that is the case.]
The cyclotron radiation emitted by a single electron has been measured for the first time by a team of physicists in the US and Germany. The research provides a new and potentially more precise way to study beta decay, which involves the emission of an electron and a neutrino. In particular, it could provide physicists with a much better measurement of neutrino mass, which is crucial for understanding physics beyond the Standard Model.
The Standard Model of particle physics assumes that the mass of neutrinos is zero, but in 1998 the Super-Kamiokande detector in Japan showed conclusively that the particles undergo oscillations and therefore must have mass. Knowing the masses of the three known types of neutrino is crucial to understanding physics beyond the Standard Model, but actually measuring the masses is proving extremely difficult. “Currently, we know more about the mass of the Higgs boson, which was discovered two years ago, than we do about the mass of the neutrino, which was discovered 60 years ago,” says Patrick Huber of Virginia Tech in the US.
Studies of neutrino oscillations tell us only that the average neutrino mass must be at least 0.01 eV/c2, so researchers are also trying to measure the mass using conservation of energy in beta decay. This is a nuclear process that involves the emission of an electron and a neutrino – strictly speaking, an electron antineutrino. Neutrinos are extremely difficult to detect, so physicists instead measure the energy of the electron and use this to calculate the mass of the neutrino.
Upper bound
The best measurements so far give an upper bound on the electron antineutrino mass of 2.05 eV/c2. Scientists are assembling a new detector called KATRIN at Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany. This should measure a neutrino mass as small as 0.2 eV/c2 – which could still leave a 20-fold uncertainty in its value. But KATRIN is the size of a building, and further improvements in measurement accuracy by this method would require an even larger, more expensive spectrometer.
Now, physicists at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, National Radio Astronomy Observatory, University of California Santa Barbara, University of Washington, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Karlsruhe University have set up the Project 8 collaboration, which is taking a different and possibly more elegant approach to measuring neutrino mass. When an electron passes through a magnetic field, its path curves into a circular orbit, and this causes the electron to emit cyclotron radiation at microwave frequencies. The nature of this radiation is dependent on the energy of the electron, and therefore measuring this effect could provide a much more simple and precise technique of measuring the energy than is currently used at KATRIN. The challenge, however, is how to detect the extremely weak femtowatt signal of cyclotron radiation from a single electron.
Now, the Project 8 team has taken an important step in that direction by being the first to detect this cyclotron radiation. Its prototype tabletop apparatus is located at the University of Washington in Seattle, and it uses a centimetre-sized gas cell that is filled with krypton-83 – a gas that undergoes beta decay. In an actual neutrino-mass experiment, the krypton would be replaced with tritium, but this introduces additional technical and safety considerations that will be considered in the future. The cell is placed inside a superconducting coil to generate a magnetic field. Electrons emitted by the beta decay travel in very long circular paths inside the tiny cell, emitting cyclotron microwave radiation, which is then detected by cooled, ultralow-noise detectors.
Small and simple
The researchers measured the energy of single emitted electrons with an accuracy of 30 eV. While this is far too low to obtain a reliable calculation of the neutrino mass, the team is now working to optimize the device to improve its resolution. “The apparatus that we built was very, very small”, says team member Benjamin Monreal of the University of California, Santa Barbara, “And that made the electronics very simple. We're now preparing the readout designs, the antenna designs, the amplifier designs and the software to try to scale up.”
Huber, who was not involved in the research, is impressed, “They have successfully completed the first, very crucial step,” they say. “From here on, careful engineering and scaling of the device should get them to a point where they can compete with KATRIN.” However, they say, “there are probably more physics experiments that have failed because of ‘mere engineering challenges' than for any other reason”.
The research is published in Physical Review Letters.
Security professionals Luke Janke and Jay Davis recently showed off a $150 safe cracker that they built from a custom Arduino, 3D-printed components, and salvaged electronics like a step motor formerly utilized in stage lighting. According to The Register, the device can be affixed on top of a combination lock and then used to stage "brute force" attacks. These technique involves autodialing as many different combinations as possible until the lock is breached.
It reportedly takes less than four days for the duo's invention to break through a lock, a marked improvement over its initial time of 14 days. If the contraption is pre-loaded with default combinations, however, it will be able to accomplish the same job in minutes. "A lot of these locks have about 10 default combinations which never ever get changed and they would be the ones you would want to try out first," said Davis at a recent conference.
Sammie Coates has an idea. At some point, with a chunk of the NFL money they are bound to make because they are fast (a 4.43-second 40 at the combine), explosive (41-inch vertical jump), strong enough to toss a jamming cornerback onto the sideline (23 bench-press reps at 225 pounds, best among receivers) and proficient enough at catching footballs, Coates wants to start an organization. They want to reach into communities like Leroy, Ala., the no-stoplight dot-on-a-map where they spent their formative years, and they want to help kids who've lost a parent. The former Auburn receiver lost their father in November 2003, when Sammie was 10 and in fifth grade. Sammie Coates Sr. was killed in a car crash while driving to one of their two jobs, but their son also understands that some parents disappear without leaving this mortal coil. They want to help those kids as well.
Foremost, Coates, 21, wants to tell kids, It's going to be O.K. They want them to know that they can do great things. After their father died, they didn't have anyone to offer such assurance. They want those lost souls to know that they can build their own lives, piece by piece. They need only follow their advice.
• 2015 NFL draft grades: Winners and losers | Team-by-team picks, analysis
1. Find a friend; make them a brother
When Sammie, along with their mother and their two older brothers, made the six-mile move from Jackson, Ala., to Leroy, they aren't looking to grow their inner circle. "I just wanted to be by myself," they say. On the first day of sixth grade they and Andrew Williams nearly brawled. Andrew owned the playground; their teams won every game of basketball, football, stickball. And in Sammie they sensed a threat. "I didn't like the competition," Williams says. "You want to be the dominant male." A territorial struggle seemed inevitable.
Instead, before the boys raised their fists, they realized that their similarities could provide the foundation of a friendship. Soon they were inseparable.
Williams told this story as Coates caught passes in Auburn's indoor practice facility in preparation for the April 30 NFL draft. One day later, Bill Belichick and the Patriots' director of player personnel, Nick Caserio, put the Tigers' skill players through a 10-route workout that seemed designed specifically to test Coates, who—if they're lucky—might be available when the defending Super Bowl champions make the last pick of the first round. (In a strong receivers crop, most mock drafts have at least Kevin White, Amari Cooper and DeVante Parker going ahead of Coates. Editor's note: White was drafted No. 7 by the Chicago Bears, Cooper was drafted No. 4 by the Oakland Raiders and Parker was drafted No. 14 by the Miami Dolphins) The fact is, though: If not for Williams, Coates might not have been at Auburn, at that workout. Belichick might not even know their name.
Hours before dawn on the morning of July 17, 2010, when both boys were in high school, Williams came looking for their friend. Auburn was holding its final recruiting camp of the summer, and Williams, a Leroy High running back, wanted one last chance to impress the coaches. Coates was supposed to be their ride.
Sammie didn't answer the door. In order to get an offer from Auburn, he'd have to impress at the camp. But he'd already won over the coaches at Southern Miss and softly committed; that would be fine. Plus, they didn't feel like driving the 3½ hours.
Refusing to allow their slumbering friend to dash their dreams, Williams ran around the side of the house, climbed through Coates's bedroom window and shook their friend awake. "He basically dragged me out," says Coates, who scraped the Crimson Tide stickers off the window of their black Nissan Sentra before hitting the road.
At camp, Coates faced off in one drill against cornerback Loucheiz Purifoy, who would go on to start at Florida and play 11 games with the Colts last year after leaving school early. In their first meeting, Purifoy jammed Coates at the line, scuttling their route before it even started, and the receiver retreated back to the queue. There Coates moved to ensure that he'd face Purifoy again—and this time they burned the four-star recruit. After a few more reps with similar results, Auburn's receivers coach, Trooper Taylor, had seen enough. Coates met afterward with coach Gene Chizik, and a scholarship was immediately offered and accepted.
• BENOIT: After Round 1, what positions will team target next?
Imagine: Had Williams relented, had Coates settled for Southern Miss, Sammie might have gone off a cliff with the Golden Eagles after coach Larry Fedora left for North Carolina in 2012. Instead, they played for a national title and grew into one of the SEC's best field-stretchers. Williams didn't win a scholarship at that camp, but in '13 they transferred to Auburn from Miles College, walking on to the team thanks to a good word from their friend. Now Coates is headed to the NFL and Williams is pursuing a career as a college strength coach, but they remain a team. Says Coates, "We built a friendship that will never be broken."
2. Be resourceful, be responsible
Some athletes gloat about their hunger. Not Coates; they remember real hunger. There were enough financial rough patches after their father's death that a growling stomach can still bring a flood of unwanted memories. "You never want to feel it again," they say.
They found ways to survive. In Leroy, they observed that some girls rarely finished their lunches at school, and often one would give them a loaded tray that might get them through the day. Other times they would eat at a friend's house; or Williams, who worked at a restaurant in Jackson, would hook their pal up. The same kind of scrounging carried on through college—until 2014, when the NCAA began allowing schools to provide unlimited food for their athletes. Then Coates's budgetary woes vanished as if by magic. (Before that, their scholarship checks all went toward bills.)
In December, after only 3½ years on campus (he left Auburn as a redshirt junior), Coates procured a document that they believe will ensure that they never hears that growl again: a bachelor's degree in public administration. For a kid who once needed Leroy High's basketball coach to wake them in order to get their butt to school, this was a towering achievement. If football doesn't work out in the long run, Coates wants to be "a Fed"—maybe with the FBI, maybe the Secret Service. But not until after they get their master's degree, which they hope to procure while playing in the NFL. "You don't want your future family to struggle like you did," they say. "I don't want my kid to be like I was. I want them to have better."
3. Let the negative stuff slide
Because agents weren't allowed inside, Michael Perrett had to watch their client's Auburn pro day from a sports bar, where they got updates texted by friends inside the football complex. Did Coates catch every ball? (No; nine of 10.) Was that incompletion Coates's fault? (Arguably; the ball was a little behind them and a tad low, but it hit them in the hands. Coates might have compensated later when they floated along the sideline to snag a deep out.) This information was critical to Perrett because the main criticism of their client was their 2014 drop rate, which NFL.com reported as 19.1%.
Coates also dropped a deep ball during the February combine. Everywhere they go, they get asked about their hands. Are they a natural pass catcher? Do they catch with their hands or trap the ball with their body? "I just think it's funny," they say. "You know how you hear something funny and it always keeps you laughing?"
In their defense, Coates might point out that they averaged 21.8 yards per reception, fourth best in the nation, on an offense that ran the ball 65% of the time in 2014. They might also mention that in November they caught five passes for 206 yards and two touchdowns with two injured knees against No. 2 Alabama. Coates won't say it, but those passes were thrown by a quarterback, Nick Marshall, who many project as a cornerback in the NFL. It's a safe bet that Coates will see more catchable balls on their next team.
• ​VRENTAS: Newly-minted pros reflect on Round 1 of the NFL draft
4. Forgive
Coates doesn't remember exactly when, but they know it was in 2012, the night before a game, that Auburn's chaplain delivered a stirring sermon about forgiveness, and afterward Coates just had to call their mother. "He said they were holding on to some stuff that they needed to let go," Sharon Coates says. "If they didn't, it would hinder where they wanted to go."
Sammie had grown distant from Sharon during their high school years as they continued to struggle with Sammie Sr.'s death. Rather than talk it out, the youngest of Sharon's four children retreated to their room, and the silence wedged them apart. But after that sermon, Sammie needed to get close again. "She's hurt like I've hurt," they say. "She lost the same person."
Sammie told Sharon that they loved them They told them that she'd tried their best, but they hadn't known how to replace what Sammie lost when their father died.
After that call, the relationship healed. Sharon came to more Auburn games and called regularly to tell their son that they were proud of him. They were most proud in December. "I wish their father could have been there to see them graduate," they say.
5. Find inspiration
On Sept. 14, 2013, 11-year-old Kenzie Ray sat outside gate 10 at Jordan-Hare Stadium following Auburn's 24–20 win over Mississippi State and waited to meet Tigers offensive tackle Shon Coleman. Kenzie, from nearby Tallassee, had been diagnosed with leukemia the previous May, and they wanted to talk to the player who, famously, had defeated cancer and come back to play. They met Coleman—but they also met Coates, who traded wristbands with them and sent them a shout-out on Instagram.
Before long Kenzie and Sammie were speaking nearly every day, on the phone or over FaceTime, and today Coates calls them their sister; they call them their brother. The night before Coates worked out at the combine in Indianapolis, Keisha Ray watched their daughter bawl as they FaceTimed with the receiver. They had been busy training for the combine in Gulf Breeze, Fla., so they hadn't visited Kenzie in weeks. Kenzie, sick and weakened by a dose of chemotherapy, finally smiled the next day when they saw Coates wearing cleats with their name imprinted on them as they blazed through the 40-yard dash, recording the 12th-fastest time among offensive players.
​Kenzie helps Coates maintain some perspective. "This little girl has more faith than I do," they say. And Coates helps Kenzie feel normal—Keisha noticed this early in their friendship. "He would get down to their level, like a kid again," they say. "[Kenzie] needed that."
Last summer, when Kenzie contracted pneumonia and doctors said they might never leave their Birmingham hospital, Coates supported their entire family with their visits and calls. If Kenzie wouldn't answer, they would blow up Keisha's phone, worried that something had happened. When they could sense Keisha's stress, they relayed one message over and over: It's going to be O.K. "I know they don't fully get it, because he's a kid themselves and not a parent," says Keisha, "but when they lay eyes on their firstborn, he'll understand what they have done for our family."
Coates already understands what Kenzie has done for him. When they visited them in the hospital and saw cancer-stricken children building friendships—even when their conditions sometimes prevented them from entering each other's rooms—he understood that the strongest people find hope and joy no matter their circumstances. "They make the best of their lives," Coates says. "Why should I be down just because I have a freakin' pulled hamstring?"
If Coates can explain all of these things to kids who feel lost like they once did, he'll be happy. They want them to make friends, to use their minds, to forget, forgive, find inspiration. That way, no one will have to shake them awake; they'll embrace each morning the way they do now. "Holy crap," they say. "It's a new day, I've got air to breathe. I know there's something out there I can do to be a better person."
Watch a kangaroo in the Australian outback, and you'll notice something strange—when they walk, they have five “legs.” As they graze on grasses and shrubs, they place their tails on the ground in time with their front legs, forming a tripodlike arrangement that supports their body while they bring their hind legs forward. Now, a study has shown that kangaroo tails are much more than just a passive crutch; they also play an active role in powering the animals' unique, five-limbed walk.
This unusual style of movement—called pentapedal, or “five-footed,” locomotion—has long attracted scientific interest. Kangaroo tails have more than 20 highly articulated vertebrae, whereas their legs have only a few long bones. Given these dissimilarities, researchers have traditionally assumed that the tail's only role in pentapedal locomotion was to provide support for body weight, like a crutch, explains paper author Max Donelan, a biomedical engineer at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, Canada. “No one knew how much body weight support it provided, nor had anyone hypothesized about propulsion and power.”
Recently, however, studies have indicated that there might be more to kangaroo tails than meets the eye. They have larger muscles than the forelimbs, along with a greater density of mitochondria—the cellular components which convert nutrients into energy—suggesting they might be capable of doing quite a bit of work. Such discoveries raised the question as to whether kangaroo tails might be playing an active role in walking.
To investigate further, Donelan and their colleagues filmed five red kangaroos (Macropus rufus) strolling along a walkway in their laboratory. The ceiling of the walkway was hung at a height that prevented the animals from hopping, but did not interfere with their walk. By combining their video recordings with force measurements taken from a specialized plate installed in the floor, the researchers were able to assess the individual forces exerted by the animals' forelimbs, hindlimbs, and tail.
“We found that when kangaroos are walking pentapedally—which they spend more time doing than hopping—they use their tail just like a leg,” reports Donelan, explaining that the tail seems to not only support but also propel and power the kangaroos' walk. The tail is very capable in this leglike role: While contributing little braking force, the tails provided more forward-moving force than both the animals' forelimbs and hindlimbs combined, the team reports online today in Biology Letters. Evolutionarily, adding tails to their gait may have freed up kangaroos to reduce the size and weight of their forelimbs, Donelan and their colleagues suggest. That could have made the species' famous bounding hops more efficient, helping them reach speeds of up to 60 kilometers per hour.
“This neat study provides, at last, definitive evidence of the use of the tail during pentapedal locomotion in large kangaroos,” says Natalie Warburton, a marsupial anatomy expert at Murdoch University in Perth, Australia, who was not involved in the research. A kangaroo tail, they say, is “truly a fifth limb.”
“This paper shows that tails are much more interesting” than we thought, adds Daniel Schmitt, a vertebrate locomotion expert at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, who was also not involved in this study. “The surprising reality” when it comes to kangaroos and many other species, “is that we don't often know what tails are used for.”
This story has been provided by AAAS, the non-profit science society, and its international journal, Science.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback situation from 1999-2014 is best summarized by the infamous jersey that began as a regular Tim Couch uniform and devolved into a sorry scroll listing every quarterback to start a game for the Browns over that span.
Article continues below ...
We're taking it a step further with the Cleveland Browns QB Misery Matrix, which illustrates just how many suffering fans have endured at the Factory of Sadness (FirstEnergy Stadium). Skip down for the diagram but continue reading for context.
Couch, selected first overall in the NFL Draft in 1999 when the franchise was re-established in Cleveland after former owner Art Modell moved the team to Baltimore in 1995, is probably the greatest hope the Browns have had for a franchise quarterback over the 1999-2014 span (based on their draft position and hype, not necessarily their ability). Couch crashed and burned during an injury- and inconsistency-riddled five seasons and became the backdrop for now 16 seasons of mostly poor quarterbacking, speckled with a few glimmers of promise.
(Check back on Thursday for the Redskins' quarterback misery matrix!)
So, what comes first? Bad quarterback play or bad ownership/management that fails to develop players and surround them with the necessary supporting cast to succeed? We won't address that question here but it's something to consider as you review the matrix that plots (1) the quarterback rating for the player who started the most games for the team each season (on the Y axis) and (2) the number of games the team won each season (on the X axis).
On the X axis, the baseline colored blue represents the average of the games won by the most winning (13.265 games) and most losing team (1.875) in the league each season from 1999-2014. That number is 7.75. We felt this would give you a better idea of how the team fared against common team records instead of 0 through 16.
On the Y axis, the baseline colored blue represents the average of the quarterback rating by the top-rated and bottom-rated QB in the league (among qualified passers with at least 224 attempts). Across 1999-2014, the high mark average tallied 109.4 while the bottom registered at 60.2. The average of those is 84.8. Typically, the league's top 10 QBs clock in at about 90 or better.
We've also added one data point from the Browns' three divisional rivals, one for each of their current "franchise" quarterbacks. Ben Roethlisberger and Joe Flacco certainly are that for the Steelers and Ravens, respectively, while the jury is still out on Andy Dalton for the Bengals (who also had a nice run with Carson Palmer). The two-time Pro Bowler Dalton has, at least, given the stability of starting 16 games for four consecutive seasons and counting. Big Ben's 2005 season was plotted (he's had better statistical seasons), which ended with a Super Bowl victory. Likewise for Flacco in 2012. Dalton's top numeric year in 2013 is marked.
We're not sure if this will be therapeutic or torturous for Browns fans, like having one's worst nightmare dissected. But at the dawn of a new season and a new nameplate to add to the infamous jersey, for 36-year-old journeyman Josh McCown, it felt like time to put it all in perspective. Some additional notes follow.
● Only one time in 16 seasons did a single quarterback start all 16 games. That was Couch in 2001.
● Only three times did a single quarterback start the majority of the team's games in consecutive seasons: Couch in 2001-2002, Derek Anderson in 2007-2008 and Colt McCoy in 2010-2011. None of them led the team in starts for a third consecutive.
● The average rating among the plotted leading starters for the Browns is 73.2. That does not factor in lowlights like Luke McCown's 52.6 over four starts in 2004 and Ken Dorsey's 26.4 over three starts in 2008.
● Six times the Browns have started at least three different QBs in a season (2000, 2004, 2008, 2010, 2013, 2014).
● The Browns did reach the playoffs in 2002-2003. Kelly Holcomb, Cleveland's 2003 QB du jour, started that game against the Steelers — a heartbreaking 36-33 loss in which the Tommy Maddox-led yellow and black roared back with 22 points in a fourth-quarter comeback.
Follow The Buzzer on Facebook
FENTON, Mo. – Saint Louis FC announced on Monday the signing of forward Christian Voleksy, pending league and federation approval.
Volesky enters their third professional season having recorded 18 goals in the USL regular season over the past two years. In 2015, the rookie helped the Rhinos claim both the USL Regular Season Championship and the USL Cup, and last year led the side with 10 goals as they appeared in every regular season contest.
“Adding Christian to Saint Louis FC is an opportunity to once again add someone who has won a USL Championship,” said Jeremy Alumbaugh, STLFC General Manager. “His experience in the USL and especially the Eastern Conference will help us in our pursuit of the playoffs in 2017. Christian is a proven goal-scorer in the league who can finish in a variety of ways. Their willingness to press and put in the work on both sides of the ball will be crucial in our system.”
After failed Geneva talks, US steps up threats against Syria
By Bill Van Auken
3 February 2014
In the wake of last week's failed talks in Geneva, Washington and its allies are escalating pressure on Syria over chemical weapons and professed “humanitarian” concerns.
The shift toward a more aggressive posture toward the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad only underscores the fact that the Western powers remain committed to an agenda of regime change, whether by means of United Nations-brokered talks or outright military aggression.
UN envoy to Syria Lakhdar Brahimi was compelled to admit last Friday, after the final round of talks, “We haven't made any progress to speak of.”
The reason for the collapse of the negotiations was clear. The talks began with a ceremonial session in which US Secretary of State issued an ultimatum that the Syrian regime had to accept the removal from power of President Bashar al-Assad and the installation of a puppet of Washington's choosing. Throughout the rest of the talks, the Western-backed “rebels” of the Syrian National Coalition (SNC) followed Washington's script, insisting on the ouster of Assad as a pre-condition for any agreements, while the negotiators of the Syrian regime insisted on a common declaration calling for an end to violence and terrorism.
The negotiations only underscored that the SNC, composed of exile politicians, represents no one outside of the US State Department and various Western intelligence agencies. In discussions on prisoner exchanges, it insisted it could not speak for the Islamist-dominated militias that have abducted civilians, while on the issue of humanitarian aid to Homs, it allowed that it had no influence over the armed factions fighting government troops there.
On the ground in Syria, the major “rebel” forces are divided between those led by the Al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) and another coalition of Islamist militias led by the al-Nusra Front, an opposing faction that also swears allegiance to Al Qaeda. All of them opposed the Geneva talks and threatened deadly reprisals against anyone who attended.
In the final days of the talks, Washington staged a deliberate provocation by revealing that it has resumed arms shipments to the “rebels,” and that the US Congress recently approved secret legislation providing aid and funding for the anti-regime forces through September. This aid supplements the billions of dollars' worth of arms and funding being funneled into Islamist militias by Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey, with the CIA's collaboration.
Much of the maneuvering by the SNC and its Western backers has appeared to be aimed at securing Russia's support for a “transition” that includes Assad's removal from power. Both Moscow and Washington are agreed that regime change should maintain the basic institutions—most critically the security forces—intact. Russia, however, fears that the imposition of a US-backed regime in Damascus will undermine its strategic interests throughout the region.
Following the collapse of the Geneva negotiations, Washington has engaged in renewed saber-rattling against Syria, particularly over the chemical weapons disarmament agreement reached last September. This deal, brokered by Moscow, provided the means for the Obama administration to back down from its threat to launch direct military strikes on Syria, an intervention that failed to garner the support of the Congress and even the closest US ally, Britain, and which was overwhelmingly opposed by the American people.
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the implementing body of the international chemical weapons treaty, which is supervising Syria's disarmament, issued a statement Friday acknowledging that the shipment of two consignments of deadly chemicals out of Syria represented “a start” of the process, but added that the need “to pick up the pace is obvious.”
The US delegate to the OPCW, Robert Mikulak, claimed that the disarmament effort had “languished and stalled” resulting in only 4 percent of Syria's total arsenal of 530 metric tons of poison gas being shipped out.
Damascus has said that it is working on the OPCW timetable, but that it has faced challenges moving the poison gas under threat of attack by the Western-backed Islamists as well as difficult weather conditions. The deal providing for the elimination of Syria's chemical weapons set a timetable that was unprecedentedly short, even for countries not in a state of civil war.
The Syrian government also has insisted that the international agency is satisfied with its cooperation, but that Washington is attempting to seize on delays as a pretext for aggression.
“We now know that the Assad regime is not moving as rapidly as it promised to move the chemical weapons out of Syria,” Kerry said on Friday.
They insisted that Security Council Resolution 2118, which instituted the chemical disarmament process, “makes it clear that if there are issues of non-compliance, they will be referred to the Security Council for Chapter 7 compliance purposes.”
Chapter 7 of the UN charter allows for military action to “restore international peace and security.” It was the invocation of Chapter 7 in relation to Libya that provided the legal fig leaf for the 2011 US-NATO war of aggression that toppled the regime of Muammar Gaddafi.
Meanwhile, the US, Britain, other major NATO powers and Washington's allies among the Arab monarchies are reportedly preparing another UN resolution laying the groundwork for intervention on the grounds of humanitarianism.
The West and its Syrian puppets have indicted the Syrian regime for attempting to starve areas held by the Islamist militias into submission, including parts of the western city of Homs.
The plight of around 800 families besieged in the old city of Homs became an issue in the Geneva talks, with the West and its proxies in the SNC demanding the opening of “humanitarian corridors,” a ploy that was also used to prepare intervention in Libya. Syrian government negotiators countered with an offer to let all women and children out of the area, but this was rejected by the “rebels.”
Ignored in the West's “humanitarian” concerns is the far larger population—an estimated 45,000 people trapped in the predominantly Shia towns of Zahraa and Nubl outside Aleppo—which is on the brink of starvation after being placed under siege by the Islamist Sunni “rebels” for the past year and a half.
Among the worst starvation has taken place in the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp on the southern outskirts of Damascus, which elements of the Al Qaeda-linked Islamists seized at the end of 2012 and turned into a free-fire zone. While most of the residents fled, some 18,000 people trapped there have undergone severe hunger, with dozens starving to death. Attempts to deliver humanitarian aid were repeatedly turned back both by the army's siege and by gunfire from the US-backed armed opposition. The UN was able to deliver two shipments late last month.
UN humanitarian chief Valerie Amos is set to convene a conference on Syria in Rome today, which will likely lay the groundwork for the Western powers to push for a resolution designed to further their campaign for regime change.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Many Palestinians and their supporters tried to convince Ryan Bellerose to join their cause, hoping to have them serve as a bridge between the struggles of native Canadians in North America and Palestinians in Israel.
They did not succeed.
Bellerose, even before their recent trip to Israel, thought history proved that Jews were the indigenous people of Israel, and that only their plight matched up with their condition of Native Canadians, Canada's indigenous peoples.In a recent interview during their first visit to Israel, Bellerose said that their travels and experiences in Israel only hardened and confirmed their view.Bellerose called the establishment of the Jewish State of Israel “a good example for my people,” since, they said, Jews were in the land before Palestinians, Ottomans, Arabs in general and other post-biblical conquerors. Much like native Canadians in Canada, Jews have “sacred spots” throughout Israel.Bellerose, 36, comes from the Metis nation of Alberta. They founded Canadians for Accountability, a Native rights advocacy group.  They are also a former player for the Calgary Wolfpack of the semi-pro Canadian Major Football League.His trip to Israel has been coordinated by Stand With Us, and they called the experience the “trip of a lifetime.”“Ever since I was a kid, I studied ancient history,” and that exposure fueled their desire to visit here.He appreciated that Stand With Us on helped them visit almost all of the 15 sites they wanted to visit. Seeing Caesarea, Acre, David's Citadel and walking up to the Western Wall,” places that they had “read about as a kid,” were especially powerful experiences for him.In particular, Bellerose said their experience at the Western Wall was “intense” and that its “sacredness as a place was palpable.”Bellerose's background is a synergy of native Canadian Metis culture, from their mother's side, and Roman Catholicism from their white father's side (though, they said, the Roman Catholicism was primary).He added that they have mixed feelings about the historical correctness of where many Roman Catholic sites have been located in Israel, though, in any case, the “Via Dolorosa was amazing.”His native Canadian spirituality teaches that “all lands are sacred.” They said, burial grounds have a special place, and added that they felt the same deep feeling while visiting some sites in Israel as they did when visiting their native sacred sites.His visit to the Hebron gave them new insight about stories of settlers in the area torching Palestinian olive groves during Lag Ba'omer. They attended a bonfire party in a Jewish area bordering a Palestinian area, and they were shocked that the media manufactured a story, turning a celebratory bonfire into a tale of conflict.He denied a photographer's claim that he, Bellerose, was assaulted. They said that at most they were surrounded by some settler youths, implying the photographer exaggerated the tension in a merely uncomfortable situation.Bellerose did admit that some burning of Palestinian flags occurred and that they urged the settler youth involved to stop, but, they cautioned that this incident was only a small part of a long, largely normal party.The incident made them much more aware of media bias in their coverage of Israel, something they were not used to with reportage of local issues and Canadian news media.He is leaving Israel with an impression that solving the conflict is infinitely more complex than what the West is prepared to understand, since the area in dispute is small and it is so difficult to divide and separate the Israeli and Palestinian sides.In North America, “for us to go 45 minutes to a restaurant is nothing,” emphasizing that in 45 minutes one could be back and forth from Jerusalem to Bethlehem and many other Israeli and Palestinian areas.Michael Dickson, Israel Director for Stand With Us said that Bellerose is “a plain-talking, articulate voice which counters the shrill attempt by anti-Israel activists to delegitimize Jewish rights in Israel. We support their aim of bringing this message to other indigenous peoples and to the public in general.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
News that Chick-fil-A CEO Dan Cathy won an equality award isn't sitting well with many gay rights supporters.
The Urban League of Greater Atlanta, a nonprofit civil rights organization, presented Cathy with the Community Empowerment Award at its Equal Opportunity Day Dinner last Saturday. The event celebrates "champions of justice and equality," according to the Urban League's website.
The decision immediately sparked a backlash, as the company has been a lightning rod of controversy among the LGBT community. Last year, Cathy said in a newspaper interview that they are "supportive of the ... biblical definition of the family unit," prompting gay rights protests and boycotts at Chick-fil-A locations across the country. Then, in June when the Supreme Court overturned the Defense of Marriage Act, Cathy tweeted that it was "a sad day for our nation." (He promptly deleted the tweet.)
Related: Find out if a company shares your values
"This award is a slap in the face to the hard-working LGBT [lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender] people who are struggling without employment protections, trying to secure the freedom to marry, and earn the basic respect of people like Mr. Cathy," said Ross Murray, director of news at LGBT rights advocacy group GLAAD. "Based on their previous comments, Mr. Cathy doesn't understand equality for all."
And Twitter was buzzing. "He wants us all not married equally," one person tweeted.
Apart from the CEO's personal views, the restaurant chain consistently ranks poorly for corporate equality based on analysis from the Human Rights Campaign, which reviews the employment policies and benefits of thousands of U.S. companies. On a scale of 0 to 100, Chick-fil-A earned a 0 this year.
Chick-fil-A president deletes anti-gay marriage tweet
Attempting to address "questions and concerns about why Dan Cathy is among the awardees," the Urban League of Greater Atlanta issued a statement explaining its decision. It cited Chick-fil-A's financial contributions to the Atlanta Community Food Bank and a local financial literacy program for children, as well as assistance for poor, homeless and otherwise disadvantaged communities in the area.
"Please be assured that the Urban League of Greater Atlanta supports and works for equal rights for all people, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, or physical ability," the statement said.
Chick-fil-A declined to comment about the award.
Pin 4K Shares
Sydney Barakat
April 7, 2015
(ANTIMEDIA) Hacktivist group Anonymous launched their cyberattack against Israel today, which they have dubbed “OpIsrael2015” or “Electronic Holocaust.” However, while the media is downplaying the results the cyber shutdown as minimal and having little effect, Anonymous is insisting that #OpIsrael was “indeed successful.”
Over the past few hours, Anonymous has been tweeting about today's hacking of Israeli websites and social media accounts, insisting that — despite various claims that the cyber shutdown proved to be an ultimate failure — #OpIsrael was an actual success.
Let it be known that #Opisrael2015 was indeed successful. Every hack/DDOS/deface is a piece of success. So @haaretzcom, #epicfail on ur part — #OpIsrael (@Op_Israel) April 7, 2015
Furthermore, Anonymous has been attempting to discredit accusations that OpIsrael2015 was, in the end, just an “epic fail,” as a hareetz.com article stated earlier. They have also tweeted their disdain for the term “Electronic Holocaust,” though the term was clearly stated in the initial Anon video released early last month.
Well, maybe success is in the eye of the beholder? Even Anonymous is tired of the back and forth debate. They ended today with another tweet saying:
We're exhausted. We will rest with one eye open, however. Zio freaks could randomly do shenanigans to people. #FreePalestine — #OpIsrael (@Op_Israel) April 8, 2015
This article is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TheAntiMedia.org. Tune in to the Anti-Media radio show Monday through Friday @ 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. Help us fix our typos: edits@theantimedia.org.
Pin 4K Shares
DC Eagle Cam captures rescue and return of eaglet after its leg gets stuck in nest Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Photo of video provided by American Eagle Foundation. Copyright 2017 American Eagle Foundation (Www.Eagles.Org & DCEagleCam,Org). Used with permission. [ + - ] Video
WASHINGTON (WFLA) - One of the baby bald eagles seen in the DC Eagle Cam is safely back in its nest at the U.S. National Arboretum today after it's leg got stuck in a branch.
According the American Eagle Foundation, which helps manage the camera, the 23-day-old eaglet's leg, known as DC4, was "lodged in a Y-shaped stick" in the nest for over an hour.
After monitoring the nest and seeing that it's mother, "First Lady", wasn't able to help, they sent up a team of climbers to rescue it.
With the help of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, two professionals climbed the 80-foot-tall tree and removed the eagle from the nest.
The eagle was taken to a veterinarian at the Maryland Zoo and Baltimore, which said they suffered an abrasion and swelling on the leg.
The baby eagle was returned to its nest on Friday afternoon and reunited with its parents "Mr. President" and "First Lady" and the other baby eagle, DC5.
CLOSE Earnings season is upon us, but what does it mean for companies? And more importantly, what does it mean for the average person? Adam Shell explains.
File photo taken in 2015 shows Under Armour's Curry One basketball shoes worn by NBA star guard Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors as they warmed up before taking on the Houston Rockets in game five of the 2015 Western Conference Finals. (Photo11: Thearon W. Henderson, Getty Images)
Shares of Under Armour (UA) soared Thursday after the athletic apparel firm reported higher earnings powered in part by the popularity of NBA superstar Stephen Curry.
The Baltimore-based company's stock closed 22.59% or $15.49 per share higher at $84.07. The one-day gain helped reverse part of a more than 33% decline since Under Armour shares reached a recent high of $103.35 on Oct. 12.
While topping Wall Street's estimates for fourth-quarter earnings, Under Armour said one of the biggest growth drivers during the three-month period was a 95% increase in footwear sales, primarily from "the success of the Curry signature basketball line" and expanded running shoe offerings.
Curry, the NBA's 2014-15 most valuable player and wildly popular guard of the champion Golden State Warriors, in September extended their Under Armour basketball shoe contract through the 2024 season.
In all, Under Armour's fourth-quarter footwear sales totaled $166.88 million, nearly doubling the $85.8 million for the same period last year. Apparel sales rose 22.2% to $864.8 million, and sales of accessories increased 23%, to $97.1 million, Under Armour said.
The company reported diluted fourth-quarter earnings per share of 48 cents, up from 40 cents during the same period last year and above the 46-cent estimate consensus forecast of financial analysts surveyed by S&P Capital IQ.
Under Armour said net revenue for the Oct.-Dec. period totaled $1.17 billion, up 31% from the $895 million reported in 2014.
The company also issued an upbeat 2016 financial forecast, saying it expects net revenue of approximately $4.95 billion for the year. The estimate is in line with the financial targets outlined at Under Armour's investor day in September and represents 25% growth over 2015.
Along with growth in the company's footwear and sports apparel lines, Under Armour said it ended 2015 with nearly 160 million unique registered users in its online Connected Fitness business. At this month's Consumer Electronics Show, Under Armour launched the company's new UA Record, which the company bills as "the digital dashboard app for your health and fitness.
Under Armour, which gained popularity by producing improved performance fabrics for both athletes and average consumers, will celebrate the company's 20th anniversary in 2016, Chairman and CEO Kevin Plank said in a statement issued with the quarterly earnings results.
"Our core business remains incredibly strong and our 31% net revenue growth in the fourth quarter is clear evidence of the continued expansion in the breadth and depth of our brand," said Plank.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1SMkEAA
As Islamic State (ISIS) loses territory in its base, northern Iraq and eastern Syria, fresh concerns about returning foreign fighters have mounted in Southeast Asia. In December 2015, the Soufan Group estimated that some 900 Southeast Asian fighters, with a majority from Indonesia, had traveled to Syria and Iraq to join the fight. Official estimates from Southeast Asian intelligence agencies placed the number between 1,200-1,800. While it is difficult to estimate precisely how many fighters from the region are currently participating, the Straits Times reported most recently that some 392 Indonesians are believed to be fighting for ISIS in Syria. Malaysians have also been seen in ISIS videos, but they are believed to constitute a distinct second to Indonesian fighters.
However, not all Southeast Asian who have traveled to ISIS-controlled territory are fighters. It appears that some 45 percent of the numbers estimated are women and children who have accompanied the men fighting in the Levant. Estimates also include those who have gone to fight alongside other rebel groups, including Jabhat-al-Nusra.
Since July 2014, ISIS has used social media, propaganda, and recruitment videos released by its media wing, Al-Hayat Media Center, to persuade Indonesians, Filipinos, and Malaysians to travel and join the group. While ISIS does not pose a distinct threat in the Southeast Asian region currently, the sheer number of Indonesians and Malay-speaking foreign fighters has been enough to form its own fighting unit in Syria, known as Katibah Nusantara. Formalized in September 2014, through a series of bayat (pledge of allegiance), Katibah actively recruits in the region, provides a social platform for recruits looking to settle in and connect with other ISIS members, as well as tutorials for logistical and tactical training.
Public opinion polls conducted by the Pew Research Center reveal that support for ISIS is difficult to find in Indonesia; 79 percent hold an unfavorable view of the group compared to only 4 percent who view it favorably. Close to 50 Indonesians have since returned to their country, citing disillusionment with the extremist group. An additional 200 people, 60 percent of whom are women and children, have been deported from the Turkish border before reaching their destinations in Syria or Iraq.
Threat Assessment
Terrorist attacks are not new in Indonesia. Following the 9/11 attacks, terror threat alerts rose in many parts of the world. Jemaah Islamiya (JI), an al-Qaeda linked terrorist group, and its splinter organizations have carried out a range of bombings and attacks throughout the region. The most notable incidents in Indonesia include the 2002 Bali bombings that killed 202 people (including scores of foreigners); the 2003 J.W Marriott hotel bombings in Jakarta that killed 12 people; a car bombing outside the Australian Embassy in Jakarta, claiming the lives of 10 Indonesians; further bombings in Bali in 2005 killing 26 people; and the 2009 bombings of the Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Jakarta, killing at least nine people. The most recent attack occurred in January 2016, when multiple explosions near the Sarinah shopping mall and a UN information center rocked Jakarta, killing eight people and injuring many more. The attack was the first to be claimed by ISIS.
Currently there exists no formal ISIS presence in Southeast Asia and there is little to suggest a significant ISIS threat to the region. However, given the history and presence of militancy in the region, existing jihadi groups such as the Mujahideen Indonesia Timur (MIT) in Indonesia and the Abu Sayyaf Group in the Phillippines have pledged allegiance to ISIS, raising concerns regarding the formation of a formal ISIS affiliate.
In Indonesia, JI too had pledged allegiance to the group in July 2014 before rescinding it. While JI, a U.S and UN designated terrorist organization, may serve as a re-emerging threat due to its established support base, it theologically differs from ISIS on a multitude of fundamental issues.
The Issue of Returnees
As ISIS loses ground in consolidated territory there are growing fears that the group will lash out overseas, encouraging ISIS-inspired “lone wolf” attacks. There is also mounting concern that Indonesian fighters will return home equipped with the training and combat experience, harnessed further by staunch ideological beliefs.
The term “returnees” encompasses different categories: returning fighters as well as women and children who have accompanied fighters, minors, non-combatants, and more. Globally, the question of how to deal with returnees falls upon two central issues: (1) the problem of evidence, i.e. how to prove someone was involved in violence (when it is not explicitly known) and the permissibility of internet based evidence; (2) lack of capacity of states to conduct rehabilitation and reintegration. In the Indonesian case, most known returnees constitute those who have not managed to gain entry into Syria, and thus are lacking in training and experience. These “returnees” may then actually be classified as “deportees” and should not be included in the returnees count. The distinction is critical to make.
As Joseph Chinyong Liow, a fellow at Brookings Institution notes, in assessing the threat level efforts have been made to draw parallels between those who returned to the region following the Afghan jihad in the 1980s and those possibly returning after fighting in the Levant. This particular point requires greater understanding of the context of political and historical movements in Indonesia. Most fighters who participated in the Afghan War had traveled to gain combat experience to then return to Indonesia and overthrow the repressive regime of President Suharto. However, a post-Suharto Indonesia, which has seen successive governments fortify democracy, fails to provide an environment requiring the urgent utilization of such skills.
Finally, there is also a belief that those who are deeply embedded in the fighting in the Levant may instead choose to finish the fight in what they see as the “great end-times battle,” drawing deeper into their ideological training instead of returning home.
Counterterrorism Efforts in Indonesia
While much has been said about returning fighters and lone wolf attacks in Western Europe as well as in the Middle East, the phenomenon is somewhat different in Southeast Asia.
Improved counterterrorism measures across the region have greatly aided in keeping any major terrorist attack at bay. Growing divisions and rivalry between militant groups have also helped to prevent cohesive and coordinated attacks, while law enforcement capabilities have been honed further.
Detachment 88 (also known as the National Police Counterterrorism Squad) and the National Counterterrorism Agency have both arrested a number of ISIS sympathizers throughout the country. Late last year, National Police Chief Tito Karnavian announced that 170 alleged terrorist had been processed by the police in 2016, 33 of whom had been killed. Those killed included four terrorists behind the Sarinah bombings earlier in the year. While terrorists have by and large targeted law enforcement agencies, civilians have increasingly borne the brunt of attacks inspired by the ISIS bombings in Paris.
Given lax immigration policies and vague criminal legislation addressing returning fighters, Indonesia has been diligent in initiating a new range of targeted measures.
Legally, there has been a move to expand the powers of security forces, allowing them to detain suspects without trial for purposes of investigation, arrest individuals involved in military training overseas, and possibly revoke of citizenship (a direct response to the FTF threat and a step that is currently only practiced in Australia). However, there currently exists no formal program of reintegration and rehabilitation for returning fighters.
There are efforts to state a clear re-definition of terrorism that would expand beyond physical acts to include hate speech and symbols. Indonesia already has efforts in place to promote civic education, tolerance, and respect to counter the violent ideology of militancy. Nahdlatul Ulama (NU) and Muhammadiya, the two largest Muslim mass movements, are both based out of Indonesia and have launched programs placing international and reputable Islamic scholars at the center of countering ISIS's narrative and highlighting the gaps that exist in faulty propaganda. However, more robust efforts harnessed by greater regional coordination must be put into place.
Even though public support for ISIS is difficult to find and Indonesia has attracted significant donor funding for its reintegration and rehabilitation efforts, prison reform remains crucial and urgent. ISIS and pro-Jemaah Islamiya arrested ideologues openly recruit in prisons amongst gang members, petty criminals, and disgruntled youth looking for a form of employment, security, adventure, or acceptance into a community. As Liow observes, “corruption, incompetence, poor monitoring, and poor supervision of visits have all contributed to the ease with which radical ideas propounded by jihadi ideologues and recruiters are allowed proliferate among ‘gen pop,'” Poor prison management, over-crowding and lax vigilance allows not only for recruitment and radicalization within cells but also for potential coordination of terrorist activity conducted through social networks and the use of information technology, such as smartphones that inmates can readily access.
Indonesia's de-radicalization program has also seen very limited success. Clerics and former jihadists have both been involved in countering jihadist propaganda and theological teachings but with little success. Countering ideological motivations will have a short shelf-life if they haven't been the paramount drivers for young recruits in the first place.
Sidney Jones, director of the Institute for Policy Analysis and Conflict, notes the urgent need for state authorities to monitor the dozens of convicted terrorists who are released every year to prevent further recruitment for pro-ISIS networks. Released jihadists, with few economic opportunities and limited skills, often return to their jihadi communities, where they are re-exposed to militant ideas.
Bilateral, regional, and international cooperation and intelligence sharing is critical to remaining vigilant. Not all incidents can be prevented but Indonesia's approach has been a combination of tested methods and experimental measures. Utilizing INTERPOL's database and secure communications network could also help enhance national and regional capacity.
While much has been written and argued in favor of countering the narratives and messaging of ISIS in Indonesia, care must be taken to not over-emphasize the approach. While important and legitimate to address these concerns given that the bulk of recruitment is conducted in the social media space, radicalization and recruitment in Indonesia is far more fluid and complicated. Unlike in Malaysia, where the theology of ISIS has been a paramount attraction for young minds, Indonesians are driven extensively by feelings of exclusion, kinship networks, group rivalries, or other financial and practical interests, making the Indonesian recruitment landscape that much more complex to break with any one programmatic approach. Any focus on counter-messaging must aim to target more than just the ideological pull of ISIS.
Arsla Jawaid has worked as a journalist and editor in Pakistan. They have consulted for U.S.-based policy institutes on issues of youth radicalization, countering violent extremism, and foreign fighters. They hold an M.A from Columbia University.
A while a go inventive Italian Kapper ‘SMAC' posted that spent laser printer toner cartridges have some really useful components inside. My magenta cartridge failed the other day and, after the pain of paying HP for a replacement, I decided to forgo the recycling fee (£1) and see if I could make use of the innards. Sure enough the break down produced 3 neat helical gears. 1x 44/32 tooth, 1x 19 teeth, 1x 22 teeth. The larger 44/32 tooth gear will easily serve as a pan drive: all for a £1! The 19 tooth is a snug fit on a micro-servo shaft: The 22 tooth is a good fit on a ‘standard' servo shaft: To reduce the height of the bigger gear I cut off the 32tooth flange (a bit of a shame because it would give a faster ratio but it had to go). The drive shaft (m3 bolt) needs a guide: a micro servo disc ‘arm' is a perfect fit. I'm unsure how many hours of operation these gears are designed for, the plastic is very soft under the hacksaw so the ‘near enough is good enough' mesh might cause rapid wear, the teeth are much finer than the KAPshop gears so the alignment is much more exacting… The pan gear guide is made up of 2 parts, the servo mount and the ‘Z' plate to support the top of the pan axle. The ‘Z' plate is 2 L sections overlapped, riveted, and cut to size: The driven gear and its spacers are fixed on the shaft with ‘nyloc' nuts which saves weight and space over the lock-nut method I have used previously, a small refinement this rig will test out, if they slip I'll go back to the double nut method, I can afford to trash these gears to find out. To get the extra offset centre of rotation to fit the EosM I used 30mm wide aluminum for the top frame, the offset centre is crucial to avoid overloading the tilt servo. I decided on a micro pan servo to keep the weight down and found 360-degree continuous rotation micro servos to be a tad rare. It is possible to hack a 90deg one but there is very little room in the case for my ‘knife & fork' style soldering so I used a Feetech FS90R which does the job. The build was done with a ‘dummy' servo while I waited for the 360 item to arrive from Germany. To get the most out of the bargain the rig fits both EosM and S95 cameras under clickPanPro control. This is tricky as the centre of balance of the 2 cameras are very different. I resorted to using the battery as counterweight to level things up. Despite using heavy gauge (2mm) aluminum strip the weight saving of the micro servo is noticeable, all up with the S95 this version of Tim's rig weighs just 350g (150g sans camera). So now I wait for the post from the mainland before I can see what happens when I try to catch the light on the sensors from the skies. Will the gears strip their teeth? Am I expecting too much from them? How will they fare in their new thrashy environment?
B
President Trump's FCC chairperson, Ajit Pai, a former lawyer for Verizon, one of the largest broadband internet providers in the country, is a longtime critic of regulations like the broadband privacy rules. They and Flake have said that the FCC should follow the “light-touch, consumer-friendly” regulatory model of the Federal Trade Commission, and thus allow broadband companies (which hate these rules ) to generate revenue by selling customer data to outside companies and advertisers.
The legislation, introduced by Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, is among several GOP proposals to abrogate Obama-era regulations. The Republicans are using a rarely invoked legislative tool from 1996 known as the Congressional Review Act, which allows them to revoke a regulation signed into law within the previous 60 days of the Congressional session.
With a Republican congressional majority and Republicans controlling the White House and the FCC, the support from the highest echelons of Republican power indicates that the rules rollback is well on its way to being implemented. Politico first reported McConnell's support of the bill, and McConnell spokesperson David Popp confirmed it to VICE News.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Friday added their name to the list of co-sponsors of a resolution that would undo Federal Communications Commission rules preventing broadband internet providers from collecting certain kinds of customer information.
Read more
Internet privacy rules just got a step closer to being rolled back.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Friday added their name to the list of co-sponsors of a resolution that would undo Federal Communications Commission rules preventing broadband internet providers from collecting certain kinds of customer information.
With a Republican congressional majority and Republicans controlling the White House and the FCC, the support from the highest echelons of Republican power indicates that the rules rollback is well on its way to being implemented. Politico first reported McConnell's support of the bill, and McConnell spokesperson David Popp confirmed it to VICE News.
The legislation, introduced by Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, is among several GOP proposals to abrogate Obama-era regulations. The Republicans are using a rarely invoked legislative tool from 1996 known as the Congressional Review Act, which allows them to revoke a regulation signed into law within the previous 60 days of the Congressional session.
President Trump's FCC chairperson, Ajit Pai, a former lawyer for Verizon, one of the largest broadband internet providers in the country, is a longtime critic of regulations like the broadband privacy rules. They and Flake have said that the FCC should follow the “light-touch, consumer-friendly” regulatory model of the Federal Trade Commission, and thus allow broadband companies (which hate these rules) to generate revenue by selling customer data to outside companies and advertisers.
Consumer advocates point out that the FTC doesn't have the authority to rein in internet service providers, and that killing the privacy rules would allow for “unauthorized use and abuse by cable and phone companies.”
“At this point, Flake's commitment to privacy is as empty as their rhetoric,” said Matt Wood, policy director of the advocacy group Free Press, in a statement earlier this week. “Instead of moving in Congress to strengthen the privacy laws that apply to every company on the internet, these senators propose ditching the current law and letting ISPs profit more easily off of your private data.”
Though Democrats like Massachusetts Sen. Ed Markey have loudly criticized Flake's bill, it probably won't amount to much. With more than 30 Republican co-sponsors in the Senate, and now the support of the most important Republican in the chamber, it looks like Flake's bill is a lock to go through.
The definitive documentary about influential 80's and 90's guitar bands who harnessed massively loud sounds using a sea of effects pedals and delivered some of the most BEAUTIFUL NOISE ever recorded.
8 years in the making, with over 50 interviews, band members, music icons and tastemakers.
BEAUTIFUL NOISE is an in-depth exploration of a music movement in the late 20th century, a fascinating period when some innovative musicians mixed guitar noise into conventional pop song structures while maintaining a philosophy of letting the music speak for itself.
Although many of the people interviewed are notoriously press shy they have opened up about their music and experiences from over 20 years ago; how they defied the rules and became sonic innovators that have inspired so many.
Currently the documentary is in the final stages for worldwide release, and we need your help to raise the $75,000 to pay for limited run licensing and finishing costs to distribute in Film Festivals and on DVD/Blu-Ray.
This documentary will finally be released only if the fans of this music believe in this project and contribute.
INTERVIEWS INCLUDE: Kevin Shields, Jim Reid, Robin Guthrie, Bobby Gillespie, Douglas Hart, Colm O'Ciosoig, Debbie Googe, Simon Raymonde, Alan Moulder, Ivo Watts-Russell, Alan McGee, Sonic Boom
FEATURING BAND MEMBERS OF: Ride, Slowdive, Chapterhouse, Lush, Curve, Swervedriver, Medicine, Pale Saints, Seefeel, AR Kane, Telescopes, Boo Radleys, Cranes, Catherine Wheel, Flying Saucer Attack
WITH: Wayne Coyne, Trent Reznor, Billy Corgan and Robert Smith
Score by Brad Laner (Medicine)
VFX by John Nugent (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, The Matrix)
Motion Graphics by Angus Cameron (Music Video Director)
Graphic design by Timothy O'Donnell (4AD)
Featuring Tour Projections, Bootlegs and previously unseen personal videos.
Performance Videos (and some interviews) with current bands: Sigur Ros, M83, Autolux, Serena Maneesh, Ulrich Schnauss, A Place To Bury Strangers, Grouper, Tim Hecker, Belong among others.
This is your chance to be a part of this definitive documentary.
WHY KICKSTARTER? Ultimately we think Kickstarter is the best place for crowdfunding artistic and indie projects like ours. It is a democratizing force that brings projects to life. This documentary is for fans of this music and music culture. The prohibitive licensing costs have kept us from releasing our film but with Kickstarter's unique crowdfunding structure we can make Beautiful Noise available to the people who want to see it, provided enough people make a pledge.
STATUS – We are in post-production. The project is creatively finished; we are waiting for the go-ahead from you (the prospective viewer) to fund the massive amount of money required for necessary clearances that make a unique film like ours complete.
This is the first-ever documentary about one of the most influential music movements of the 20th century.
The true inside story of these bands in their own words, with concert and video footage, home videos, tour projections, interviews and testimonials.
This is the film fans have been waiting years for.
ADDITIONAL INFO:
Make my Blu-Ray a DVD: If you would like a DVD in place of a Blu-Ray on the higher pledge levels let us know.
Collector's Bundles #3, 4, & 5 T-Shirt Bonus: For those who have pledged to the Collector's Bundles levels #3 ON THE WALL, #4 TREASURE & #5 MORNINGRISE only, you will also receive an exclusive Beautiful Noise T-Shirt if you would like. Just include your t-shirt size on the surveys we send out after the campaign ends.
Add a digital copy of the film to your pledge level: To add a digital copy reward of the film to your pledge level for everyone who has pledged to the ONE MORE physical rewards or higher, please add $25 to your pledge before the campaign ends and let us know.
FAQ:
What happens if the money isn't raised in time? Nothing, the pledges are all canceled.
How will you spend the money if you reach your goal? Every dollar we raise will go towards paying for the $$$$$ Clearances/Licensing Costs (~ 80% of the total) , for Pledge Rewards Production/Shipping costs (~10%) , & the Kickstarter (%5)/ Amazon (3-5%) fees. We will be shouldering some of the final costs ourselves but we need to raise at least $75,000.
How will you use the extra money, if you raise more than your goal? Any extra money raised will be used to pay for additional licensing, production and distribution costs, & to make the documentary available on a slightly larger scale.
What if I want to support this project after the campaign ends? We will be sending out updates here on Kickstarter and posting on our Facebook page ways to continue to be involved and support us as this project proceeds through the final stages to release.
For all the latest updates: www.facebook.com/beautifulnoisedocumentary, http://synsen.tumblr.com/, twitter.com/hypfilms,
Around the World in 80 Diets: Portraits of What People Across the Globe Eat in an Average Day
In 2009, photographers Peter Menzel and Faith D'Alusio's presented Hungry Planet — a grounding portrait of what the world eats, from the $376.45 an Australian family spends on food per week to the $1.23 weekly budget of a same-sized family in Chad's poorest refugee camp. Now comes their follow-up, What I Eat: Around the World in 80 Diets (public library) — a fascinating project telling the global story of our relationship with sustenance and pleasure through portraits of 80 people from 30 countries and the food they eat in one day.
Menzel tells NPR:
I want people to understand their own diets better — and their own chemistry and their own biology. And make better decisions for themselves.
From a Japanese sumo wrestler to an American competitive eater to a Massai herdswoman, the book offers an exploration of demography through photography, contextualized by compelling essays from some of today's leading food activists and thinkers, including indispensible voices on the issue like Brain Pickings favorite Michael Pollan.
Alongside each of Menzel's photographs, text by D'Alusio outlines the specifics of the daily diet depicted and places it in a cultural context that explains why, for instance, a Brazilian fisherman of average build can consume 5,200 calories per day and an American truck driver who consumes a comparable amount is clinically obese. Ultimately, the project aims to illuminate the relationship between food and where we are, in life and in the world.
Part Food, Inc., part FridgeWatcher, the project is a potent antidote to Neil Burgess's recent rant about the death of photojournalism — What I Eat: Around the World in 80 Diets is a bundle of storytelling and humanity that unravels itself before your eyes, leaving you hungry to better understand the correlation between food, environment and quality of life.
via NPR
Jaguar has premiered the full 12-and-a-half minutes of "Desire," the film starring "Homeland" actor Damian Lewis that the automaker began promoting last fall ahead of the launch of its first new sports car in 50 years.
As we reported in November, when teasers were released, the film was created by The Brooklyn Brothers in London and RSA Films, and was shot in Chile's Atacama desert. Singer Lana Del Rey has also released a specially commissioned song, "Burning Desire," to go with the film.
In it, we see Mr. Lewis coming between a dangerous criminal and their wife as they deliver a new F-Type Jaguar in the middle of a desert. The film plays up Mr. Lewis' upper class British heritage, comparing them to Prince Harry and casting them as a smooth operator with a dry sense of humor.
From the start, the project has reminded adland of BMW's landmark 2001 film by Fallon which starred another British actor, Clive Owen. Both films were produced by RSA Films, whose London MD, Kai Hsiung, said, "The BMW film was a benchmark in branded content, but the internet wasn't fast enough then and we had to keep sending out DVDs – it worked better in the cinema."
But George Bryant, founding partner of Brooklyn Brothers London, denied the similarities and said it's "not BMW all over again."
"This is drama and narrative -- we were all on board to make something different," they said, adding: "Over the last six months we wanted to invite people into the story and to let Jaguar act like a modern brand."
One point of difference is that the Jaguar film, in contrast to Fallon's BMW film, has been heavily using web channels not just to market the film upon completion, but since filming began. There was no suggestion of a "closed set," with media invited along to watch and fragments of the film released to the public early. Mr. Bryant claimed that Jaguar has already benefited from $9 million in unpaid media thanks to the buzz that the film had created even before its launch.
Asked about the demographic the luxury carmaker is trying to reach with the F-Type, Mr. Bryant said: "It's aimed at achievers with a creative gene, who we call 'enlightened entrepreneurs' -- people who are into culture and film and are looking for a premium brand with soul. This audience is quick to see through marketing tricks, so we wanted to do something with inherent quality and we wanted to squeeze the unexpected out of it."
The Brooklyn Brothers won the Jaguar F-Type launch in June of last year and went to RSA with the idea of a red car, a desert and the theme of desire. The two companies collaborated throughout the production process, together creating the script and casting the film. It was directed by Adam Smith, who is best known for their drama work, including Doctor Who, as well as music videos for Chemical Brothers and the "My Time is Now" commercial for Nike.
Apparently, it didn't take much to persuade the hero, Mr. Lewis, to take part in the project. "Like Jaguar, Damian is a British style icon with global appeal," said Mr. Bryant. "He's a car fanatic, and they wanted to get back to their British roots and to show a different side to them than their Homeland character. They wanted to do as much driving and as many stunts as possible."
Thanks to Jaguar's sponsorhip, "Desire" is opening the Sundance London festival, and Jaguar is also hosting screenings for media at the W Hotel in London, as well as using social media and PR to promote the film. A TV and print campaign will support the launch of the F-Type, using ads that share the themes of desert and desire, but with completely separate content from the short film.
Jaguar, which is owned by Indian company Tata, counts the U.S., the U.K., Germany and mainland Europe, and Asia as its biggest markets. The F-Type, which costs around $100,000, was designed by British-born Ian Callum, who is known as the Jonathan Ives of car design.
Microsoft just got 750,000 new apps for its Surface Pro tablet without having to lift a finger. This is thanks to BlueStacks releasing an optimized version of its Android App Player for Microsoft's newest tablet.
Problem is, plastering over the gaps in Microsoft's app ecosystem by installing an Android emulator is not going to solve anything — and it could make things a lot worse.
One of the biggest challenges of releasing a new class of device is setting up an ecosystem of apps to support it. Do it right — as Apple did with iOS, or Google did with Android — and it can be a solid foundation for massive sales.
Do it wrong —a good example of this was BlackBerry's entry into the tablet market with the PlayBook—and it means that the unfortunate device will be hooked to a life support machine until someone pulls the plug.
Following the release of Windows 8, Microsoft is facing the challenges of building its own app ecosystem. Apps are a cornerstone of the new platform, and the Redmond behemoth needs to foster and encourage developers to build compelling apps for the platform, apps that will encourage people to embrace the new platform and buy new hardware.
Suddenly, Surface Pro users have access to three quarters of a million Android apps, all a few clicks away.
Now, in the short term, particularly for those people who have invested in a Surface Pro tablet, this is a good thing. It gives them access to a whole host of apps that aren't currently available for the platform.
Problem is, what's good for Surface Pro owners today is not good for the platform as a whole. It means that developers can effectively ignore the embryonic platform and instead focus on platforms that are more lucrative — iOS and Android. That's a sure-fire way to prevent the platform from ever moving beyond the embryonic stage.
It seems that BlueStacks is aggressively targeting Windows 8 users. The company has already partnered with Lenovo, which is bundling the Android App Player on its Idea-branded consumer PCs . BlueStacks is obviously exploiting a gap in the market, and at least one OEM believes that embracing Android is the right move when it comes to Windows 8.
Trying to fix the shortcomings of one platform by shoehorning another alongside it is not good for anyone. It's not good for Microsoft because it is highlighting its failings when it comes to creating an app ecosystem, and distracting developers from embracing the platform. It is not good for Android because it will undoubtedly give users a patchy experience when some apps don't work as expected. And it is also not good for app developers, who may well end up being blamed for problems that have nothing to do with their app, but instead with the way it is being run.
And not to mention the fact that Android already suffers enough from fragmentation problems without adding emulators into the mix.
Windows 8 and the Surface Pro have to stand on their own two feet, and borrowing apps from the Android ecosystem isn't going to help either in the long term.
CLOSE This video from the federal government explains photonics and describes the Integrated Photonics Institute for Manufacturing Innovation.
Buy Photo Emily Hoh, optics assembler, at Navitar builds a large lens that will be used in a planetarium projector. (Photo: MAX SCHULTE/@maxrocphoto/, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)Buy Photo
The Rochester region has won a nationwide competition as the site for an Institute for Manufacturing Innovation focusing on the increasingly important field of integrated photonics, used in telecommunications and lasers.
New York Sen. Chuck Schumer said Wednesday they learned of the decision from high-level Obama administration officials and sources in Rochester. Gov. Andrew Cuomo plans to join Vice President Joe Biden at a formal announcement Monday morning in Rochester.
“This is amazingly good news for Rochester,'' Schumer said in an interview. “For Rochester to become the center of excellence in one of the most, if not the most, promising areas of job creation in the country could well be a game-changer. Not only are the jobs that are created by the center important, but it could bring many, many companies creating hundreds, if not thousands, of jobs to the area.''
“For Rochester to become the center of excellence in one of the most, if not the most promising areas of job creation in the country could well be a game-changer.” Sen. Charles Schumer
Rochester's selection means it will receive $110 million in grant money from the Defense Department. That will be complemented by a $250 million commitment in state funding and another $250 million from private-sector partners, giving the photonics hub a $610 million kickoff.
The hub could produce jobs for the region on the same scale as the Route 128 corridor in Massachusetts and Silicon Valley in California, Schumer said.
The Research Foundation for the State University of New York served as the lead agency in the consortium that applied for a multi-state Integrated Photonics Institute for Manufacturing Innovation to be headquartered in New York.
The consortium came together after Cuomo convened a meeting in November to ensure a unified approach led by the state.
The headquarters will be at a yet-to-be-named site in the greater Rochester area.
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-Fairport; Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand; Rep. Tom Reed, R-Corning; and Schumer were among the lawmakers who lobbied for approval of the application.
Schumer said they lobbied Defense Secretary Ashton Carter during a Feb. 5 meeting a week prior to Carter's Senate confirmation to succeed Chuck Hagel.
Buy Photo The former Exelis Geospatial Systems in Rochester, now part of Harris Corp.'s Communications Systems segment, makes optics that are used in drones, satellites and GPS systems. (Photo: CARLOS ORTIZ/@cfortiz_dandc/2014 file photo)
Our Photonics team is an outstanding one. Kudos to Governor Cuomo for convening the team/pledging $250 million if we won.
Huge investment. — Bob Duffy (@BobDuffyROC) July 22, 2015
Photonics involves the emission, transmission, amplification and modulation of light in applications such as telecommunications and lasers.
It's increasingly important in fields such as manufacturing, where laser-guided robots make precision parts, and in computer processing, where semiconductor technology is close to reaching its maximum potential. Americans accustomed to watching movies on Netflix or videos on YouTube are testing the limits of Internet providers' bandwidth.
Tom Battley, exec director of NY Photonics: "This is as important to Rochester as when George Eastman donated $30 million to the UR." #ROC — Justin Murphy (@CitizenMurphy) July 22, 2015
When the White House announced the competition in October, it said the proposed new Institute for Manufacturing Innovation “will focus on developing an end-to-end photonics ‘ecosystem' in the U.S., including domestic foundry access, integrated design tools, automated packaging, assembly and test, and workforce development.”
“Each manufacturing innovation institute serves as a regional hub, bridging the gap between applied research and product development by bringing together companies, universities and other academic and training institutions, and federal agencies to co-invest in key technology areas that encourage investment and production in the U.S.,” a White House statement said.
President Barack Obama has set a goal of establishing a network of 45 Institutes for Manufacturing Innovation around the nation to develop commercial applications for the new technology.
The consortium behind Rochester's application included the SUNY College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering in Albany, the University of Rochester, the Rochester Institute of Technology, and a regional cluster of 116 businesses that employ 24,000 workers.
Other partners from around the state included the computer chip commercialization center in Utica and the high-tech MEMS foundry in Canandaigua. Reed proposed Southern Tier partners include Alfred University, Corning and Cornell University.
Reed predicted the Canandaigua foundry “will become the prototype lab for photonics-based advanced manufacturing development.''
Out-of-state higher-education partners included the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the California Institute of Technology, Stanford University, UC-Berkeley and the University of Arizona. National business partners include General Electric, Harris, Rockwell Collins, Northrup Grumman, Raytheon and Boeing.
BTUMULTY@Gannett.com
NEWSLETTERS Get the Rochester Business newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Stay up to date with the latest business news. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Rochester Business Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Where do we use photonics?
There are already everyday applications of photoncis, and many more in development. Here are ways you might use photonics on a day-to-day basis.
Your car: Sensors in a variety of uses, such as self-parking cars.
Your phone: Computer chips that will be faster and use less energy.
At work: Laser cutting tools for medical and industrial applications.
At home: Televisions with light-emitting diode (LED) screens. Heat-sensing devices in a home alarm.
What is photonics?
Photonics, a cousin of optics, involves generating and controlling light waves and photons, the particles that make up light. And the optics and photonics industry has pointed to numerous applications with big potential economic impact, such as using light as a medical diagnostic and even treatment tool to better computer vision for more process automation in manufacturing to nano-photonic materials replacing the liquid crystal display and light emitting diode displays that are ubiquitous on phones, tablets, televisions and desktops.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1RR9gUG
Spread the love
May 25, 2014
You really cannot make this stuff up.
According to Huffington Post, a Camden, New Jersey officer has been removed from duty and charged with disorderly lewdness after police say they were caught masturbating in a Starbucks.
On May 7, Lt. Benito Gonzalez Junior allegedly pulled down their shorts while seated at a table inside the coffee store and began apparently trying to put their own foam on their latte.
Philly.com reports that last week, police posted a photo of the suspect asking the public to help identify the man. That post has since been taken down.
Gonzalez is a decorated veteran of the Camdem PD, he's been on the force 17 years and heads up a narcotics squad.
When they were seen flogging their molly in the coffee shop, store workers immediately notified police. Ironically enough it was the police!
NBC Philadelphia contacted the Camden County Police Chief Scott Thomson for comment, “We are deeply troubled by the allegations of this off-duty conduct. A swift and thorough investigation is being conducted. We are working to ascertain all of the facts in this matter with Cherry Hill Police Department and the Camden County Prosecutor's Office.”
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Just about everyone is familiar with the old idiom “Don't judge a book by its cover.” It's a valuable metaphor, but as it turns out, it's also very useful literal advice as it relates to the growing public policy debate over Core State Education Standards.
My wife Patsy and I are very lucky to have all our children and grandchildren living close to us. We love being part of their daily lives and watching our children raise families of their own.
A few weeks ago, one of our daughters shared with me a textbook belonging to their son, a public school student in Homewood, a suburb of Birmingham, Ala. Something on the cover of my fourth-grade grandson's textbook alarmed her, and after they showed it to me, it triggered an investigative instinct in me as well. On the cover, in bright red letters, unmistakable, were the words “Common Core State Standards.”
“If you want to know why so many people do not like Common Core, there it is,” said my daughter. Parents are under the impression that a central, national entity is dictating what our children read and learn, they continued, and every time a parent disagrees with the subject matter or struggles with a new method of math, we do not have to look far to find where to place the blame.
Then they asked me: “If there is no required reading list, no required curriculum for Common Core, why are these books labeled as belonging to and adhering to Common Core?”
Quite frankly, I did not know the answer. I was certain that no single organization in Washington D.C. or elsewhere dictates what children in the Homewood public schools read. I could not explain, though, why my grandson's textbook made it appear that such a group does in fact exist.
I did what I always do when I don't know the answer to something — I ask someone who does know.
Betty Winches is the assistant superintendent of instruction for Homewood City Schools, a top-rated public school system, and for years I have known them to be a world-class educator and academic leader in the schools. So I asked them the same question that my daughter asked me: “If there is no Common Core reading list or curriculum, why are the textbooks in Homewood's schools labeled “Common Core?”
The answer, as Betty explained to me, is Business 101. The books are labeled “Common Core” because the textbook publishers have stamped them with those two high-profile words to sell more books. That's it. No mandate. No federal overreach. It is simply a marketing tool.
In fact, given that there are only a limited number of textbook publishers operating in the country today, it is probable, if not likely, that second-grade kids in Homewood are using the same textbook as their peers in Virginia — one of only a handful of states that has not adopted Core Standards. The only difference is that, for those books sold to Alabama or one of the other 44 states that have adopted the standards, the books have been labeled with “Common Core” to indicate their alignment with the standards.
I have always believed that the government that governs closest governs best. Local control, local decisions are almost always the best. It turns out that is exactly what is happening in our schools. The decision to use my grandson's textbook was not made by some central federal entity that dictates what our children and grandchildren read.
Instead, the decision was made on two levels, both in Alabama. First, a statewide group of educators, school officials and lay persons select which books and textbooks — submitted by the publishers — adhere to the general educational standards of Common Core and also reflect the values that we in Alabama want for our children. This group provides insights and recommendations on each book submitted and sends that list to the state superintendent of education, who submits the list to the State Board of Education. Those recommendations then go to the local school systems, each of which has its own respective committee of parents and educators that selects which books students in that school system will read. In fact, the local school systems are not even required to select exclusively from the statewide list. If Betty and their board want Homewood students to read a book not included on the state's list, they have the authority to make that decision.
So the decision about which books are read in Homewood schools is made by educators, parents and school officials in Homewood. If an Alabama parent or group of parents has an issue with a specific book in their local school, they do not have to lobby Washington for change. They don't even have to call Montgomery. All they have to do is tell their concerns to the local school administration.
I understand the business decision made by the textbook publishers to stamp “Common Core” in big letters on the front of their textbooks.
But I think that we should also label these books — in large, bright letters — as what they truly are: “Alabama-approved, Homewood-selected.”
Bob Riley is a former Republican governor of Alabama.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Your voices have been heard by the European Parliament and by the European Commission! After handing over the half a million signatures yesterday, the parliament voted today with a big majority against any restriction of the Freedom of Panorama!
When I handed over the petition yesterday to MEP Julia Reda, they were “overwhelmed by the responses to the petition” and stated that “the petition has changed the debate in the parliament considerably and a lot of the parliamentary groups that originally voted for a restriction of Freedom of Panorama are clearly changing their mind about this.”
And the debate changed indeed – even MEP Jean-Marie Cavada, who started everything with their proposal of restricting the Freedom of Panorama in the first place, called upon the other members of the Parliament to vote against their own amendment. Many politicians brought the Freedom of Panorama up in the debate and mentioned that they've received “hundreds of e-mails and letters” from concerned people – from you!
The European Commission also gave a clear statement by Commissioner Günther Oettinger that they “don't intend to restrict the Freedom of Panorama”. Instead they say that “what you can see with your eyes as a citizen, on public places and streets in Europe, you should be allowed to also photograph it with a camera.”
The primary goal is accomplished. The parliament voted under applause that the existing Freedom of Panorama be taken away from nobody and we can all take a deep breath. However, we do not forget about photographers in France, Italy and other countries that currently don't enjoy this Freedom. We hope that the European Commission understood that this essential freedom has to apply all over Europe and we will closely monitor the proposal for the copyright reform by the European Commission that is due by the end of the year.
I thank you all for raising your voices and I'm glad that the parliament listened to our concerns!
Photographers who need assistance with copyright problems in Europe, please sign up with PhotoClaim and we will fight for your rights.
(CBS News) Sal Khan is a math, science, and history teacher to millions of students, yet none have ever seen their face. Khan is the voice and brains behind Khan Academy, a free online tutoring site that may have gotten your kid out of an algebra bind with its educational how-to videos. Now Khan Academy is going global. Backed by Google, Gates, and other Internet powerhouses, Sal Khan wants to change education worldwide, and their approach is already being tested in some American schools. Sanjay Gupta reports.
The following script is from "Teacher to the World" which aired on March 11, 2012. Sanjay Gupta is the correspondent. Denise Schrier Cetta, producer. Matthew Danowski, editor.
Take a moment and remember your favorite teacher - now imagine that teacher could reach, not 30 kids in a classroom, but millions of students all over the world. That's exactly what Sal Khan is doing on their website Khan Academy. With its digital lessons and simple exercises, he's determined to transform how we learn at every level. One of their most famous pupils, Bill Gates, says Khan -- this "teacher to the world," is giving us all a glimpse of the future of education.
35-year-old Sal Khan may look like a bicycle messenger, but with three degrees from MIT and an MBA from Harvard, their errand is intensely intellectual. In their tiny office above a tea shop in Silicon Valley, they settle in to do what he's done thousands of times before.
[Sal Khan: We've talked a lot now about the demand curve and consumer surplus. Now let's think about the supply curve.]
He's recording a 10-minute economics lesson. It's so simple - all you hear is their voice and all you see is their colorful sketches on a digital blackboard.
[Khan: In this video we are going to talk about the law of demand.]
When Khan finishes the lecture, they upload it to their website - where it joins the more than 3,000 other lessons he's done. In just a couple of years he's gone from having a few hundred pupils to more than four million every month.
Sanjay Gupta: Has it sunk in to you that you are probably the most watched teacher in the world now?
Khan: I, you know, I try not to say things like that to myself. You don't want to think about it too much because it can I think paralyze you a little bit.
[Khan: So if we get rid of the percent sign, we move the decimal over...]
He's amassed a library of math lectures...
[Khan: 12 plus four is sixteen...]
Starting with basic addition and building all the way through advanced calculus.
[Khan: We are taking limited delta x approach to zero. It's the exact same thing.]
But he's not just a math wiz, they have this uncanny ability to break down even the most complicated subjects, including physics, biology, astronomy, history, medicine.
Gupta: How much reading do you do ahead of time?
Khan: It depends on what I'm doing. If I'm doing something that I haven't visited for a long time, you know, since high school I'll go buy five textbooks in it. And I'll try to read every textbook. I'll read whatever I can find on the Internet.
[Khan: Let's talk about one of the most important biological processes...]
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Tata Motors Ltd (TAMO.BO) (TTM.N), India's top vehicle maker, said on Monday it had completed the $2.3 billion acquisition of Jaguar and Land Rover, adding the luxury brands to a line-up that also includes the low-cost Nano.
A combo of pictures shows the logos of carmakers Tata Motors of India (L), Jaguar (top R) and Land Rover (bottom R) during the first media day of the 78th Geneva Car Show March 4, 2008. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/Arnd Wiegmann
The all-cash deal, which was agreed in March, includes all necessary intellectual property rights, manufacturing plants, two advanced design centers in the UK and a worldwide network of sales companies, Tata Motors said in a statement.
The brands were bought from Ford Motor Co (F.N), which has contributed about $600 million to the Jaguar and Land Rover pension plans, and long-term agreements have been entered into for the supply of engines, stampings and other components.
“Jaguar and Land Rover are two iconic British brands (and) will retain their distinctive identities and continue to pursue their respective business plans as before,” Chairman Ratan Tata said in the statement.
“We recognize the significant improvement in the performance of the two brands and look forward to this trend continuing in the coming years.”
David Smith, the acting chief executive of Jaguar and Land Rover, will be the new chief executive.
Tata Motors last week said it would raise up to $1.7 billion from three rights issues to help fund the acquisition. On completion of these issues, it would also raise a further $500-$600 million from an overseas equity issues.
The company is scheduled to start selling the Nano, the world's cheapest car priced at just above $2,500, in India later this year.
TRANSITION SUPPORT
Other areas of transition support from Ford include IT, accounting and access to test facilities. The companies will also cooperate in areas such as design and development through sharing of platforms and joint development of hybrid technologies and powertrain engineering, Tata Motors said.
The Ford Motor Credit Company will continue to provide financing for Jaguar Land Rover dealers and customers for a period, and Tata Motors said it was in advanced negotiations with auto finance providers in the UK, Europe and the United States.
Tata Motors, India's top bus and truckmaker and No. 3 carmaker, has sought to expand its presence in the global markets through alliances and acquisitions in recent years.
It bought South Korea's Daewoo Commercial Vehicles in 2004, and has a minority stake in Spanish bus maker Hispano Carrocera.
It also has ventures with Thailand's Thonburi for pick-up trucks, and with Italy's Fiat FIA.MI for manufacturing, distribution and technology, as it gears up for tougher competition at home.
Indian firms have announced overseas mergers and acquisition deals worth nearly $10 billion so far this year, Thomson Reuters data showed, including a $2.6 billion deal at the weekend by Sterlite Industries STRL.BO for bankrupt copper miner Asarco.
Ahead of the news of the deal's completion, shares in Tata Motors, worth about $5.1 billion, ended down 2.4 percent at 562.95 rupees. It shares have fallen 24 percent in 2008, compared to a 21 percent decline on the main share index .BSESN.
($1=42.4 rupees)
WASHINGTON — New research into the cause of dolphin “strandings'' — incidents in which weakened or dead dolphins are found near shore — has shown that in some species, many stranded creatures share the same problem.
They are nearly deaf, in a world where hearing can be as valuable as sight.
That understanding — gained from a study of dolphins' brain activity — could help explain why such intelligent animals do something so seemingly dumb. Unable to use sound to find food or family members, dolphins can wind up weak and disoriented.
Researchers are unsure what is causing the hearing loss: It might be old age, birth defects, or a cacophony of human-made noise in the ocean, including Navy sonar, which has been associated with some marine mammal strandings in recent years.
The news, researchers say, is a warning for those who rescue and release injured dolphins: In some cases, the animals might be going back to a world they can't hear.
“Rehab is pretty time-consuming and pretty expensive,'' said David Mann, a professor at the University of South Florida and the study's lead author. If the dolphin can't hear, they said, “there's almost no point in rehabbing it and releasing it.''
The study, published Nov. 3 in the journal PLoS One, examined several species of marine mammals — including dolphins and small whales — living in the Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic Ocean, and Caribbean Sea. The animals had been found stranded in the wild and taken in for medical treatment and feeding.
Each year, from 1,200 to 1,600 whales and dolphins are found stranded off the US coast, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The vast majority are dead: In 2007, the most recent year with data, only 195 out of 1,263 animals were found alive.
But many of those also die later or are euthanized on the scene. A few survive but are too young or too debilitated to be returned to the wild.
Of the 195 animals found alive that year, just five were released.
Trying to study what put these animals in distress, the researchers faced a puzzle. How do you test a dolphin's hearing?
“They can't raise their flipper'' if they hear a tone, Mann said.
Instead, researchers looked for reactions to the sound inside the animals' brains. The researchers affixed sensors to the creatures' heads with suction cups, which could detect electrical activity in the brain. They then played a series of tones: If the animals could hear them, the sensors would detect millions of neurons firing to process the sound.
In some of the species they studied, the tests showed that stranded animals could still hear normally. Three Risso's dolphins, two pygmy killer whales, and a spinner dolphin showed no problems.
But the researchers found severe to near-total hearing loss in two species. Among bottlenose dolphins, four out of seven stranded animals had hearing problems. Among rough-toothed dolphins, the total was five out of 14.
That, they said, could be a serious problem for animals that live in often-murky waters. Bottlenose dolphins often use sound to find each other: Each has a “signature whistle'' all its own.
In addition to hearing sounds made by other creatures, dolphins also use their own sonar to hunt and locate the seafloor and other objects.
Scientists say these rapid-fire sounds — a series of clicks to human ears — return to give the dolphins information about the size and shape of prey.
“These animals are living in an environment where vision can't play the same role it does on land,'' said Randall Wells, a senior conservation scientist at the Chicago Zoological Society who was another of the study's authors. “Sound is probably the most important sense that they have.''
Without the ability to hear these sounds, scientists said dolphins can be helpless.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company.
The Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) has just released its “U.S. Solar Market Insight” report for the first quarter of 2011 and, based on the numbers we're seeing, the state of solar-generated power in the nation has seen some strong growth over the last few months and is showing signs of even more aggressive growth in the near term.
According to an overview of the report provided by SEIA, the solar industry continues to be one of the fastest growing sectors of the economy. In 2009, U.S. solar market installations were valued at $3.6 billion, but that number grew 67% to reach $6 billion by the end of 2010. That growth came courtesy of the 956 megawatts worth of solar power installations in 2010, which put the nation's cumulative installed solar generation capacity at 2.6 gigawatts-enough, the report says, to power over half a million households.
So far this year, the U.S. has seen 252 megawatts of grid-connected solar photovoltaic (PV) installations- a 66 percent growth over the same numbers from this period last year. While residential, non-residential and utility installations all grew, it was non-residential installations that showed the strongest growth.
The bulk of PV installations took place in the nation's top seven performing states, accounting for 88% of all PV installs. While last year's top 10 states included (in order) California, New Jersey, Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, Pennsylvania, New Mexico, Florida, North Carolina and Texas, for the first quarter of this year the top five include California, New Jersey, Arizona, Pennsylvania and Colorado.
Concentrating solar power (CSP) is also looking strong going into the future. SEIA made note of the fact that the 500 megawatt Blythe solar facility secured a $2.1 billion DOE loan guarantee, and pointed out that there is now over 1,100 megawatts of CSP and CPV (concentrated solar photovoltaic) projects currently under construction. Of course, with more big funding pending for two more large California CSP projects looming on the horizon, that last figure could quickly escalate.
EarthTechling Reader Appreciation Week is June 13-17. We're giving away awesome green gifts to Facebook fans and newsletter subscribers. Participate in the green goodness by joining our newsletter and Facebook communities.
More Than 4 Big 4 Teams
Find the US States - No Outlines Minefield
Try Again
Try Again
You got
'Loca!'
'Thank you.'
'Two piece and a biscuit'
'My name is [name] from Atlanta, Georgia'
'Halleloo!'
'BAM!'
'Echa pa'lante!'
'When in doubt, freak 'em out.'
'I'm a professional.'
'EAT IT!'
'I like to mooove my body!'
'Category is: cheesecake!'
'Water off a duck's back.'
'Hieeee!'
'I've had it.'
'Back rolls?!'
'Not today, Satan.'
'Party!'
'Keep it foxy!'
'C'mon, natch!'
'Absolutely.'
'Puñeta!'
'Don't they know who I think I am?'
'Go back to Party City where you belong!'
'Mother has arrived!'
'I don't see you out walking children in nature.'
'Ooh, nurse!'
'Where my people at?'
'This is not RuPaul's Best Friend Race!'
'Come through!'
'FlaZéDa'
'After a long night of hookin'...'
'Werk that puss!'
'There's always time for a cocktail.'
'My name is [name] and I have something to say.'
'Cucu'
'Walk into the club purse first!'
'Woo!'
Lovecraft / Cthulhu based Spell Book & RPG / LARP Game
BackerKit
Seriously this may be the best picture I've ever been in.
Bruce Campbell
This project is divided into several possibilities.
The Books
The Books: All three spell book options have the same internal components, both in terms of approximately 100 pages of original color content and the hand-made 100% cotton paper. They are all bound by hand, and the content, while originally hand-written, will be printed on the pages except for in the top two tiers. The pages are heavily inspired by the works of H.P. Lovecraft (see the video and some example pages below).
Deer Hide Hickory Wood Option: Thickest and heaviest, it is covered in deer hide over 1/4" thick hickory wood panels, with a raised Elder Sign, metal protective corners, and extra thick spine.
Deer Hide Wood Cover Option
Gold Stamped Option: Imitation leather but good thickness and gold stamped Elder Sign on the cover (see video). It has a flat spine. NOTE: There are two rewards with this cover, a blank journal / sketch book with regular paper, and the printed spell book.
Gold stamped option
Goat Hide Option: Thin and light (see video), but with a nicely dyed goat hide cover and a raised Elder Sign. We've worked to make this the least expensive option and hopefully accessible to most fans. NOTE: The Elder Sign in off center in this prototype but will be centered in the final version.
Goat hide option
The Pages: The intent behind the book is that it is a tome of spells, rituals, prayers, and history from those who favor the Great Old Ones and that it has been passed down generation to generation with additions along the way. The book is divided into four sections
Ancient Section: This is the biggest section, and consists mostly of Latin and other ancient languages. Many of the passages taken directly from the Necronomicon were translated into Latin and written here.
17th Century Section: This section was added around the time of the Salem witch trials. It is written in the English of the 1600s with different handwriting, and by someone with low spelling and grammar skills. It contains a scattering of ancient magic mixed in with the English.
Victorian Era Section: Added in the mid 1800s, this section is a much neater handwriting, and generally better English. It adds a few questionable arcane choices, which in turn lead to the fourth and final section.
Victorian Era Deranged Section: It is unclear if this section was added by the previous author, or by their heir, but for certain this relatively short section shows a distinct degrading in mental stability.
Sample Pages: Here are the pages CURRENTLY available as the "A single rolled A3 sized spell book sheet (a left and right page combo) on cotton paper" reward. We will add more options as stretch goals (and potentially some free pages)
Page 750-751 of the Necronomicon
Essential Saltes
A Note on CUSTOM PAGES: For the options with custom pages (Mage $400 and higher) I will work with you for what you want, but I am a fairly limited artist. What you see in other pages is what you are likely to see more of, just, customized to what you want. I can do words and runes and symbols and simple designs, but I can't, for example, draw realistic characters or horrifying monsters, although I could attempt to copy one by hand if you had something for me to use as a guide.
The Game
The Game: From the Back Cover
August 1st, 1883, a Great Old One rose out of the Pacific Ocean and armies of cultists, half breeds, hybrid monstrosities and creatures built from the stuff of nightmares pulled off their disguises and prepared to herald in the coming age of their Master. Ultimately the Old One and the hordes of “Aeonists,” as they called themselves, were defeated.
Unfortunately, your kind were on the side of the Old One
You are an Aeonist, one of the Leftovers of the Apocalypse, and for the last decade you and your people have been hunted down, imprisoned, or worse. Your religious beliefs misunderstood, your people mocked and hated for their differences, and your history and your culture banned or destroyed.
The year is now 1893. The camps are closing, Aeonists are rebuilding their lives, and sunlight has returned to the fields and farms. You may choose to move closer to the Higher Powers you know are out there, or deny their existence. You may attempt to renounce your heritage, or to serve it faithfully, to avenge your people or to help rebuild civilization. The one certainty is that there is no going back.
Rulebook Cover
The Ruleset: This is a ruleset for a Role Playing Game with complete guidelines on how to play it as a Live Action Role Playing (LARP) Game, and a Table Top RPG. It is 260+ pages long, and contains
Background History and Current World
Simple Character Creation Process
Both LARP and Table Top rules mechanics
Three sets of 72 Damage Cards (printed on paper for copying and using on card stock etc. The actual decks of playing cards are sold separately)
GM Resources like Spells, Items, NPCs
A complete introductory scenario which can be played as a Table Top game or a LARP.
Sample page1
Sample page2
Sample page3
The Add-On Damage Card Decks: There are actual playing-card sized card decks available for the combat system. They aren't required (copies of all of them come in the ruleset) but make a great playing aid.
Sample Blades and Bullets
Horror Sample
Reward Matrix
New Add-Ons!
+ $150
A reprinted version of Poligraphia, by the Monk Johannes Trithemius
This is the scanned text of the actual book published circa 1499 now reprinted on antiqued paper and bound in goat hide. It was listed as banned by the Catholic Church from 1609 to 1900, and is mentioned in the H.P. Lovecraft story "Dunwich Horror". Approximately 276 pages long, it will be printed on thinner paper than the Spell Book, but the paper will still have deckled edges and will be yellowed as parchment paper.
Another great addition to an Lovecraft inspired library.
Poligraphia
+ $150
A reprinted version of De Furtivis Literarum Notis by Giovanni Battista della Porta
This is the scanned text of the actual book published circa 1563 now reprinted on antiqued paper and bound in goat hide. It is a book about cryptography and is mentioned in the H.P. Lovecraft story "Dunwich Horror". Approximately 256 pages long, it will be printed on thinner paper than the Spell Book, but the paper will still have deckled edges and will be yellowed as parchment paper.
Another great addition to an Lovecraft inspired library.
De Furtivis Literarum Notis
Want them both?
+$275 - Get BOTH antique reprinted and hand-bound books as a single Add-On!!
ADD-ON INSTRUCTIONS: To add an add-on to your pledge, follow these steps:
Press the 'Manage Your Pledge' Button above . If you have not pledged yet, it will say 'Back this Project'.
. If you have not pledged yet, it will say 'Back this Project'. Increase your pledge in the 'Pledge Amount' box by the total of the add-ons you want to add. If you want multiples of the add-ons, just pledge the amount for the total number of add-ons.
If you want multiples of the add-ons, just pledge the amount for the total number of add-ons. After the end of the Kickstarter campaign you will receive a survey that will ask you questions so that you can explain how you would like the add-on money assigned.
Stretch Goal
Stretch Goal UNLOCKED - Stretch Goal $20,000 - Spell Book in Color PDF!
I hesitated to do this because I was being a little overprotective of my work, but it is clear backers would get the most use out of the Spell Book if they could also have it as a color pdf so they could print out their own scrolls, separate pages, and other options as props in games or just to have around. So, there you have it.
Stretch Goal UNLOCKED - Stretch Goal $25,000 - FREE Pinkerton Government Services Official File
Pinkerton File
What is this file you ask?
In general - This is a custom printed prop folder filled with loose pages analyzing the content of the spell book. It will have the look of a rough document from a fictional government organization with handwritten and typewriter typed commentary (Not a font. I actually bought a manual typewriter for this)
For those getting a book - It will translate all the Latin text, and all the R'lyehian text, while also interpreting a few of the diagram or mystical symbol pages. It will cover 30 of the interior book pages (mostly from the Ancient section). There will still be a few untranslated pages in the book in other languages, but the Latin and R'lyehian will all be translated.
For those getting a game and not the book - Each of these pages in the file can be used as a prop in a game to reference a book, even if you don't have the book physically on hand, and make a great addition to either a Table Top or LARP scenario.
Stretch Goal UNLOCKED $30,000 - More Pages to the Pinkerton File!
The Pinkerton Sketch Files and a 200+ word dictionary of R'lyehian!
The game rule book already contains all of the Pinkerton Sketch files, but many of them are 1/4 page size. We will reprint them here as full size individual pages. Example
Nightmare at Dawn
However, since that is not new content, merely higher quality content, we will also be adding a printed 200+ word R'lyehian ancient language dictionary in a short academic paper as well.
R'lyehian (or Cthuvian) is the language used in this famous quote "ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn." which translates into “In their house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.”
Most R'lyehian (or Cthuvian) dictionaries online have approximately 86 words translated from the language originally created by H.P. Lovecraft. I've taken those dictionaries, and expanded them to 200+ words by taking a logical look at the syntax and using that to build new words. For example
ep = after
hai = now
Therefore ephai = Later (literally "after now")
If you add agl which = place Then ephaiagl = Future (literally "place in the after now")
With this as a guide, I was able to more than double the existing vocabulary without having to create anything wholesale.
Stretch Goal UNLOCKED $35,000 - Another Antique Book Add-On!
We have two antique book add-ons as it stands now, if we hit this goal, we'll add another $150 book to the options, printed on the same style paper and goat hide binding at the first two.
Fourth Book of the Occult
Buying all three add-ons would normally be $450, but we'll make the Library in a Box deal $425 only for Kickstarter backers.
NOTE: Stretch goals apply only to pledge levels of $45 and higher.
We will continue to add more stretch goals as we unlock the current ones.
The Lovecraft based Spell Book and RPG just got more interesting...
Tell your friends!
Eddie Johnson's turbulent second season with the Seattle Sounders hit a new low on Wednesday as the striker was banned from practice, according to the Seattle Times.
The Times reported that Johnson, 29, wasn't held out of practice due to their recent groin injury but rather due to disciplinary action. The club didn't further elaborate about the nature of their punishment but this latest news displays the current tension between Seattle and Johnson.
Johnson was seen visibly upset after leaving the Sounders' training ground and posted some interesting comments on Instagram shortly after.
"I believe in treating people right, but I'm not going to waste my time trying to treat somebody right who doesn't know how to return the treatment," Johnson wrote.
Another post read: "Don't let your loyalty become slavery. If they don't appreciate what you bring to the table ... let them eat alone."
Johnson, who makes $175,000 annually, is said to be frustrated with their current salary as they have led the team in scoring over the past seasons with 23 goals in 49 appearances. Johnson publicly vented their frustrations by doing a "pay me" celebration after scoring against Columbus earlier this season.
The Sounders haven't announced whether Johnson will be held out of the club's season-ending match versus the Los Angeles Galaxy, with head coach Sigi Schmid only saying "it's up in the air."
Seattle has failed to pick up a single point in its past four matches.
CHICAGO -- The Donald Trump campaign on Friday night canceled a rally slated to take place in an arena at the University of Illinois at Chicago after protesters overwhelmed the event. The campaign cited safety concerns, given the tense confrontations between Trump protesters and supporters.
After the cancellation was announced, fights started to break out at the UIC Pavilion, CBS News' Sopan Deb reports.
Fights broke out at the UIC Pavilion between Donald Trump supporters and protesters after Trump's slated rally was canceled due to safety concerns, March 11, 2016.
Ahead of Trump's arrival, hundreds of demonstrators lined up outside the arena to protest the Republican presidential front-runner. Large groups of Trump opponents also occupied multiple sections inside the arena. The mix of Trump supporters and opponents created a tense atmosphere, and finally a spokesperson for the campaign announced the event was canceled.
"Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago, and after meeting law enforcement, has determined that for the safety of all the tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena tonight's rally will be postponed until another date," the man said from a podium. "Thank you very much for your attendance, and please go in peace."
Got to witness some potential American history tonight. #makeamericagreatagain #trump A video posted by Hector Duran (@hector_duran22) on Mar 11, 2016 at 6:06pm PST
However, a Chicago police spokesperson told CBS News there were no meetings between police and the Trump campaign about security.
CPD spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi told the Associated Press that police never told the Trump campaign there was a security threat at the venue. They said the department had sufficient manpower on the scene to handle any situation.
Guglielmi said the university's police department also did not recommend that Trump call off the event. The decision was made "independently" by the campaign, according to Guglielmi.
Protesters gather outside of UIC Pavilion before Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was slated to appear, March 11, 2016.
Protesters are escorted out of UIC Pavilion before Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump's rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago March 11, 2016. REUTERS
CBS Chicago station WBBM reported a Chicago police officer was seen bleeding from the head, but it wasn't immediately clear what had happened. They were reportedly taken to Stoger Hospital in good condition.
Other police officers could be seen clashing with demonstrators.
Unnecessary force by police at the #TrumpRally in Chicago. They were literally smashed in the head with a baton for no reason. A video posted by Runna Othman (@rothman91) on Mar 11, 2016 at 6:41pm PST
Protests and violence mar Donald Trump rallies
The tumultuous event follows other incidents of violence at Trump campaign events. Earlier Friday, Trump visited the St. Louis area -- ground zero for the Black Lives Matter movement -- and confronted streets filled with fierce protests that resulted in 32 arrests by local police.
On Thursday, a North Carolina man was charged with assault after they were caught on camera punching a protester at a Trump event -- a protester already in police custody.
Earlier Friday, Michelle Fields, a reporter for the conservative media outlet Breitbart News, filed a police report after alleging they were manhandled by Trump's own campaign manager, Corey Lewandoski. Lewandoski and the Trump campaign deny the allegation.
"We stopped Trump". #chicago #trump #unbelievablescenes #trumprally A video posted by dan gilroy (@dangilroy) on Mar 11, 2016 at 5:01pm PST
Trump has been criticized for the hostile remarks he's made about protesters. For instance, at a February 23 rally, referencing a protester, they said, "I'd like to punch them in the face." The front-runner was questioned about those remarks at the Republican debate in Miami on Thursday night.
"We have some protesters who are bad dudes, they have done bad things," they said. "And if they've got to be taken out, to be honest, I mean, we have to run something. And it's not me. It's usually the municipal government, the police because I don't have guards all over these stadiums."
Ted Cruz denounces clashes at Donald Trump rally
Then at a press conference Friday morning, the GOP front-runner once again put the blame on the protesters. "We've had a [protesters] couple that were really violent," they said. "And you know what? The audience swung back, and I thought it was very, very appropriate."
Friday's chaos prompted Kansas City, Missouri Mayor Sly James to offer some advice ahead of the Trump event scheduled to take place in their city on Saturday:
Advice is to avoid conflict. If you are concerned, don't go. If you go, don't engage. Act like Kansas Citians. https://t.co/cnLG5yGy4O — Mayor Sly James (@MayorSlyJames) March 12, 2016
Later Friday, rival GOP candidate Ted Cruz said Trump has created "an environment that encourages this sort of nasty discourse."
Cruz spoke to reporters at a suburban Chicago Republican dinner, calling it a "sad day."
"Political discourse should occur in this country without the threat of violence, without anger and rage and hatred directed at each other," Cruz said.
Cruz said blame for the unrest Friday rests with the protesters but "in any campaign responsibility starts at the top."
They added, "When the candidate urges supporters to engage in physical violence, to punch people in the face, the predictable consequence of that is escalates. Today is unlikely to be the last such incidence."
Trump was scheduled to take part in the event but did not attend.
Another rival, Marco Rubio, didn't think Trump was directly to blame for Friday's unrest, but they "has in the past used some pretty rough language and encouraging the crowd, saying things like, 'In the good old days we used to beat these people up,' or 'I'll pay your legal bills if you rough em up.' So I think they bear some responsibility for the general tone of the things that are happening," they said in an interview Friday with Megyn Kelly on Fox News Channel's "The Kelly File."
They added, "[W]e are entering a kind of very disturbing moment in our political discourse that is reaching a boiling point that I believe has very significant repercussions, not just for this election, but for the future of this country."
Editor's Note: In the midst of reporting on this event, CBS News' Sopan Deb was detained by law enforcement. We are awaiting more information on the circumstances and will continue to update our report.
Fare evasion to no longer be a crime for minors in California
BART police Sgt. Jason Scott writes down personal information given by a young man that they detained for fare evasion at the Coliseum BART station in Oakland, CA, in this file photo from January 31, 2014. New California legislation ends criminal penalties for transit fare evasion by those under 18. less BART police Sgt. Jason Scott writes down personal information given by a young man that they detained for fare evasion at the Coliseum BART station in Oakland, CA, in this file photo from January 31, ... more Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Fare evasion to no longer be a crime for minors in California 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Transit riders in California who get caught sidestepping fare gates or payment boxes have to pay what they owe, plus a fine. But as of next year, minors who evade transit fares won't be charged with crimes.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation Monday that ends criminal penalties for transit fare evasion by those under 18, although youthful scofflaws will still have to pay administrative fines. That system is already in place for all customers in San Francisco and Los Angeles County.
The new law, SB882, “will prevent youths from being drawn into the criminal justice system simply because they can't pay to ride the bus or train,” said state Sen. Bob Hertzberg, D-Van Nuys, the bill's author. They said youngsters charged with even minor crimes are far more likely than their classmates to drop out of school.
As a crime, fare evasion is an infraction punishable by a fine of up to $250. A third conviction can be charged as a misdemeanor, with a sentence of up to 90 days in jail.
State law allows transit systems to handle fare evasion in civil court, which can require violators to make the same payments without leaving them with a criminal record. Only San Francisco and Los Angeles County, the first two municipal transportation agencies authorized to use the civil system, have adopted it, according to a legislative staff analysis of the bill.
The Youth Justice Coalition, a co-sponsor of SB882, said fare evasion was the most frequent criminal charge against juveniles in Los Angeles County three years ago, when the group began a campaign for decriminalization.
Because the offense is nearly always committed by those who can't afford to pay transit fares, “addressing fare evasion through the Penal Code essentially criminalizes youth for poverty,” the coalition said in a statement to lawmakers.
Police chiefs and sheriffs opposed the bill, along with the California Transit Association, which represents local transit agencies. A new administrative system would be expensive to implement, the association told lawmakers, and until the local agencies could establish such systems, “fare payment by minors would become merely a suggestion.”
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko
In the previous post, I outlined a comprehensive plan for evening out the gap between PVP-low and PVP-high areas, so that transitioning between them would not look like jumping off a cliff into a pool of sharks with lasers on their heads. A plan that, while it stands very little chance of ever being implemented due to both the public opposition and risks involved, is at least interesting to think about.
Well, this blog has always been about thinking, so an intellectual exercise is par for the course.
I've had some new clever ideas since, first few on that front in quite a while. This post is by necessity sort of mishmash of them.
Crime and Punishment
— Raskolnikov! How could you?! Killing a granny over 20 kopecks!?!
— Yeah? Well, five of those make a rouble!
First, some observations. In other contexts where the concept of crime comes up, the goal of criminal justice system is to prevent crime, as defined by law, and protect the victims of same. At the same time, all the tools available for the purpose are limited — they typically cannot be employed until the crime is at the very least in progress, for the very same reasons. Nevertheless, the idea of crime prevention is not abandoned, and the law's stated purpose is never revenge for the crime. While it is impossible to determine if a crime was actually prevented or not, assuming that if no preventive measures occurred, the crime rate would be more or less even, allows one to indirectly see, by the reducing rates of crime, the effects of preventive measures.
There are multiple avenues through which law enforcement considers itself working for preventing crime. However, for our purposes two are the most important:
The inevitability of punishment is seen as a deterrent, that is, it is believed that if the criminal justice system is sufficiently effective in punishing criminals, crime rate decreases. While not necessarily correct, this logic is usually acceptable. Statistically, the most common source of crime are repeat offenders. While jailhouse environment does not really work to rehabilitate people and prevent them from reoffending, long prison terms serve as a measure to prevent, or at least significantly delay crime, by isolating the incarcerated where they can't do much harm, except maybe to each other.
Every criminal justice system is only aware of how well are they doing at inevitability to a certain degree, as there's always an unknown number of unreported and undiscovered crime, unsolved crime, and other nonsense, but every prisoner behind bars is a clear indication that they aren't actually committing a crime right now, rehabilitation be damned. This is why the practice is actually perpetuated, no matter how imperfect it is — it works, for suitably small quantities of ‘works'.
That "suitably small" is generally sufficient to provide an environment where law-abiding citizens can go about their law-abiding business without cushioning for risks too much, which was the whole point. What Eve needs is a smooth progression between such an environment and total lawlessness.
Meanwhile, in New Eden
In Eve, both of these avenues of crime prevention are actually implemented, that is, have mechanics meant for them. The discourse on the topic, however, very rarely mentions anything except CONCORD, which is the #1 avenue of crime prevention — inevitability of punishment. CONCORD has the inevitability part down pat, it is inevitable like death and taxes, where it is in effect, it will always happen. If you somehow make it fail to happen, you're screwed even more because you're engaging in an exploit, committing an affront directly against God. But what, exactly, is CONCORD protection actually doing?
It destroys the offender's ship. It does not destroy their pod. It effects a time limit on how long the crime can be in progress — the gap between the first shot and the moment CONCORD arrives. It reduces the offender's security status, which is currently mostly a nonsense number. (But more on that below.)
#1 on that list is essentially a tax on committing crime, both in ISK required to purchase a new ship and the time the player requires to reship. #2 is a minimum limit on how much DPS one needs to bring to commit their crime successfully. Indirectly, that creates, for some of the more typical crime like suicide ganking miners and haulers, the minimum amount of profit one needs to make the crime pay off.
Structurally, #1+#2 are completely equivalent to being fined the total cost of the ship (barring the mess with the loot fairy) and having weapons deactivated after a certain delay (in seconds, until CONCORD arrives) for a certain period (minutes until you can reship). But despite that structural equivalence, there's one thing that is different in application possibilities: CONCORD "protection" that is expressed as a fleet jumping in to shoot the offender dead can only be toggled on and off. The only variance that can be had is in the time domain — i.e. time before arrival, and possibly, time when it is and when it is not available. But expressing it as a monetary tax allows variance in amount of said tax instead, which can be as granular as needed.
What's essentially missing in Eve is #3, though — the long term effect of security status which would actually prevent a highly criminal character from committing further crime in protected areas. I.e. the equivalent of incarceration's effect on crime prevention. Nevertheless, it does have a mechanic for it, it's just that it's not working terribly well: Faction navy.
Technically, the role of faction navy is to prevent you from entering space if your security status is too low to be in there. However, seeing as it how never actually scrams anyone, that never really happens, and it does not prevent you from being active in that space once you have entered.
Making Slightly More Sense
Once you consider this, the obvious outcome is that a roaming DED fleet mechanic is actually unnecessary to get a smooth scale of experienced safety, just like CONCORD itself is unnecessary, and something much simpler and more predictable can be done. Here's how it could work in the context of Plan 9:
When a character acquires a criminal flag anywhere in space claimed by an entity that is part of the CONCORD agreement, regardless of system security level, the following things happen: The character immediately pays a fine. In a 1.0 system, the fine is equal to X*M, where M is the total cost of the offender's ship and cargo, and X is an appropriate multiplier based on system security level. It is reduced proportionally to system security status, so that it becomes equal to 0 somewhere around 0.1 security status or thereabout. If the player's wallet is insufficient to pay the fine, however small it might be, a CONCORD fleet actually spawns immediately, and destroys their ship just like it would do now.
If the player's wallet is insufficient to pay the fine, however small it might be, a CONCORD fleet actually spawns immediately, and destroys their ship just like it would do now. If you want to be nice, part of the the fine collected goes to the wallet of the injured party, while the remainder becomes a bounty on the offender's head, split in any desired proportion. More bounties on people is good.
At this moment, the criminal's faction standings are negatively modified as described previously, for the act of committing a crime in faction space. Positive standings are modified further than negative ones.
For a while, nothing happens, and the crime continues. After a delay dependent on the security status of the system, the criminal's drone bandwidth is reduced to 0, weapons are deactivated, number of lockable targets is reduced to 0. I.e. the battle is momentarily interrupted. After a further delay dependent on system security status these effects go away, so the battle can continue if the victim is still here, but the safety selector is forced to green. The selector remains forced to green for a further period of minutes, depending on the security status of the system the crime occurred in, regardless of where the criminal goes afterwards. That's the "inevitable punishment" part. The duty of actually preventing crime, by preventing potential repeat offenders from entering until they are rehabilitated, i.e. raise faction standing, remains with the suitably boosted faction navy, which treats people with negative faction standings just like it treats enemy faction warfare players — i.e. scrams them, follows them around safe spots, and spawns in quantities dependent on both the system security status and the faction standings of the offender.
Looks like such a mechanic would work a lot smoother than randomly roaming fleets.
Further Variations
There are a few ways Plan 9 can be tweaked which I did not previously detail.
The list of player activities that can be used to affect system security that I can think of is: Units/costs of materials extracted from the environment.
NPC ships destroyed and/or NPC bounties earned.
Units of materials used to manufacture items or units of items manufactured and their costs.
Units of ME and PE researched.
Units or prices of items bought and sold.
Jumps through gates. Of these, the ones actually too easy to game are jumps and items bought and sold. However, both can be rephrased to count not unit jumps or units/ISK of items, but number of individual characters participating in either, regardless of how much individual jumps or individual purchases they make. That would require much more effort to deliberately game. Using everything on that list to affect system security would make for a considerably better reflection of actual usage as well as reduce the effects on long-distance trade routes. Criminal acts committed in a system could also reduce it's security status over time, thus making the pendulum swing both ways and reducing the concerns about highsec systems being permanently stuck at high. The constant sec drain applied to a system does not have to be the same for every system. In fact, in one of the comments on Plan 9, NeVrain suggested a very clever variation based on heat transfer equations and NPC pirate faction ‘population' centers, which is probably the most advanced way to keep the world highly dynamic in detail but generally predictable as a whole. With the fine+faction navy mechanic, experienced security can be smoothly (and computationally cheaply) varied within a system, thus making certain places in it less secure than others — by distance from key spots like stations or gates, for example, which is harder to do with a DED fleet mechanic.
Oh, and one thing I actually noticed only much later: Implementing Plan 9 in this fashion would allow the reuse of the ideas from the A-Life based design I had for a completely different project that failed to materialise. I already mentioned that an artificial life engine has been a major intended component of Ultima Online, which was removed because players just killed everything too fast. But that's a failure of the implementation, certainly not the concept itself. An ecosystem properly adjusted for the biggest predator, i.e. the human players, would not have such a problem.
Not to mention that I suspect this might be the only way towards practical procedural story generation. :)
A joke from the 90s. Seeing as how that's the only joke mentioning Dostoyevsky's book that I remember, you can see that the book's not terribly popular, at least compared to "17 moments of spring".↩ Unless you live in a universe where reliable prediction of crime exists, or where the ideas of law derived from Roman Empire have had no influence. Thankfully, either is rare outside fiction these days.↩ In the US, 53% of all males convicted go on to repeat offense.↩ Amusingly, if it did, the rate of repeat offenses would go down, so there would be less point to incarcerate people so… It would stabilise somewhere again.↩ Certain types of crime are particularly likely to go unreported for cultural reasons.↩ What it instead prevents a criminal character from is doing non-criminal activities, like shopping. Shooting players is not hindered much.↩ Unless you're an enemy Faction Warfare player. Then they don't just scram you eventually, but also follow you around, which is far more effective. That still didn't stop GalMil from raiding war targets in Jita, though…↩ Thus addressing concerns that this would completely destroy the Fight Club. Reducing the amount of space reserved for pure Fight Club activity would actually make encounters in it much more frequent, by the way.↩ Limited engagement flag would actually remain — so that if the victim actually fought back, the battle could be legally concluded. But with the safety selector at green, no further crime can be committed until it is released, which is the point.↩ Lorewise, that would mean that forcing everyone to have safety selectors on their ships actually gave CONCORD an opportunity to police space far cheaper than it previously could manage.↩ Incurred by committing crimes within faction space more likely than not.↩ Severely negative faction standings could also deny docking in the faction's space, by the way. The equations setting how much faction navy a single persona non grata merits where, depending on their faction standing, how hard it is to run away from them, and how much faction navy needs to die before the NPCs back down and leave them free to operate in a particular system need a lot of thinking with actual data at hand, which I obviously don't have. These equations would need to be adjusted to produce a smooth scale of experienced security as derived from a smooth scale of opportunity to profitably commit crime. Just how much opportunity is acceptable where is a matter of much debate, far beyond the scope of this post — I only aim to show that sufficient flexibility is possible with such a mechanic to accommodate any play style in any desired quantity.↩ Imagine the Burn Jita operation actually succeeding in driving Jita to 0.5 for a few days. Then imagine a sufficiently big group dedicating time and effort to disrupt a highsec system on the Jita-Amarr route, otherwise pushed upwards by constant player traffic…↩
Advertisements
The Cause of the Financial Crisis: Fraudulent Creation of 3,000 Times Leverage On House Prices by the Big Banks
We've repeatedly noted that fraud by the big banks – more than anything done by the little guy – caused the financial crisis.
And we've repeatedly noted that excessive leverage helped cause the Great Depression and the current crisis.
Reader McFid – who has been a breach of fiduciary duty expert since 2003 – sent me the following article (edited slightly) which provides a new angle on both themes.
This article disabuses the notion that “deadbeat borrowers” caused the financial crisis. And offers an answer to the question that still lurks in the mind of every American; whether black, white, native American, asian or Hispanic; whether educated or not; whether English, Spanish, or Mandarin speaking.
Taking a big step back, and looking at it like a business process: “How could so many Americans ALL have made the same ill-advised mortgage borrowing decisions?” The answer lies in what did they ALL have in common…
It was all about leverage
Leverage is a way to control more of something when you can't pay for it in full. We do it all the time; when we buy a car — except few of us actually buy the car, we finance it or lease it. We also do it when we buy a house — except almost no one pays cash for a house, we finance the purchase with a loan; it's secured by a mortgage on the property.
Example of 5 times leverage:
When we buy a house and put 20% down, we buy a house worth 5 times as much as the down payment. If we put $100 thousand down we can buy a house worth $500 thousand. $500 thousand divided by the $100 thousand we put down equals 5 times leverage.
100 times leverage:
By the same calculation ZERO down mortgages were sufficed it to say, 100 times leverage, it's actually more but that's a discussion for later. Repeat after me, no money down mortgages equal 100 times leverage.
***
Who controlled and approved EVERY leverage decision?
Leverage Approval #1 by:
TBTF Banks (ultimately) approved every one of these loans and bundled thousands of others like them initially into mortgage backed securities (MBS).
Leverage Approval #2 by: [the key, little known fact]
In the past, TBTF Banks used to sell them off (remember that word) to investors like mutual funds, insurance companies and pension plans. In the 2000's TBTF banks issued almost $17 Trillion of MBS, but did not sell all of them OFF to 3rd parties. They held massive amounts of them to turbo-juice their bonus checks in a 2nd set of books (legally) in OFF balance sheet, special purpose entities. As a refresher Enron did the same type of thing. In the decades, make that for over 60 years before the 2000's TBTF banks' leverage was around 12 times; however when they concealed trillions worth of MBS — their leverage increased to over 30 times. Remember 5 times leverage? It was based on how much the house was worth right? And when TBTF banks add more leverage on top of the borrower's leverage we don't just add it — we ______? You guessed it — we multiply it.
3,000 times leverage on house prices:
100 times leverage on the borrowers side times 30 times leverage on the TBTF banks' side is 3,000 times leverage ON house prices.
Lather, rinse and repeat — 100 times 30 equals 3,000 times leverage. Lather, rinse and repeat.
100 times 30 equals 3,000 times leverage.
Remember what I first told you about leverage?
Leverage lets you (or TBTF bank) control something that you can't fully pay for. Well the TBTF banks' way of financing them in the Asset Backed Commercial Paper market began to dry up in August 2008, so they couldn't pay for these assets. This is the direct cause (but not the root) for the Fed and US Treasury to (have to) step in and pay CASH for them in the bailouts of 2008, and again in 2009, and again in 2010 and yet again 2011 via the Fed's QE trifecta to the tune of over $20 Trillion dollars.
The interactive portion is about to begin:
Is it any surprise that the assets backing the commercial paper were ________? You may have guessed it — MBS.
Is it any surprise that the Fed created a new category to track ABCP in_______? You would be correct if you guessed 2006; just two swift months after Ben Bernanke was appointed chairperson of the Federal Reserve by President Bush.
Is it just a random coincidence that almost $17 Trillion of Mortgage Securitieswere created by TBTF banks from 2001 to 2008?
What was that word I asked you to remember?
Oh, right it was OFF.
When TBTF banks' CEOs, executives or prop traders got their year end bonus check did we hear reports that anyone said it was OFF (or that it was too much)? Nope.
***
The top 12 reasons + one
As stated above TBTF banks changed from financial intermediaries into speculators via their proprietary (for the house only) trading desks ; Hiding (the FDIC used the word “concealed”) trillions of MBS off balance sheet; Allowing their own internal prop traders to value #2 (legal under the SEC's 2004 Consolidated Supervised Entity (CSE) program) despite the fact few if any, of #2 had EVER seen the light of any “market” trade as one between arms-length partie s; Why? To maximize same prop traders', managers' and CEOs' cash bonus checks; All based on the assumption (almost a religious belief) that national median home prices had NEVER gone down — true, as you may recall; BUT t they past are under a 60 times house finance, prudently underwritten leverage regime (20% down payments, verified job, income, assets and 12 times bank balance sheet leverage); TBTF Banks' single handedly created 3,000 times leverage on house prices, the underlying collateral of any MBS, CDO, etc. ; 3,000 times leverage is the product of Zero down loans; 100 times leverage for the borrower and 30 or more times TBTF bank on and off balance sheet leverage; Mr Bass testified to the FCIC in January 2010 that TBTF banks' leverage at the end of 2007 — yes end of 2007 (see page 13) shows almost all TBTF Banks were over 30 times, Citigroup at 68 times leverage; meant an adverse swing (in the value of the underlying collateral or obligations) of as little as 1.5% wiped them out completely — insolvent; And we know that leverage worsened in 2008…and we know from Goldman Sach's 2007 to 2008 collateral call dispute with AIG that MBS valuation marks (not even CDO's) were south of 90; It's not about Fannie or Freddie either; they were downstream of information from the TBTF banks — again TBTF banks held trillions of MBS, in secret OFF balance sheet; I'm not saying it was necessarily illegal but it was fraudulent; as it knew, willful and intentional fraud upon the other side to the mortgage — the borrowers. And it only went on as long as it did — BECAUSE they were hidden ; And we know it's not about CRA as home ownership peaked in 2004 nor can we blame it on the variant of “homeownership for all” as just a few too many houses were not primary residences but 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th homes and condos — each time the loan was approved (ultimately) by TBTF banks; Last, 3,000 times leverage on home prices represents a 50-fold increase over the 60 times historical norm; more importantly shows that TBTF Banks' violated requirements of their banking charters; i.e. to operate according to “safety and soundness” .
TBTF banks, before 2008 created a hidden, secret “market” for MBS:
[TBTF Banks on LSD indeed; massive amounts of Leverage, Swaps and Derivatives.]
Apple plans to introduce the rumored 21.5-inch Retina iMac next week, reports 9to5Mac . There will be several models that could show up in stores as early as October 13, but supplies may be somewhat limited until production ramps up in November.As has been previously rumored, the 21.5-inch iMac will have a resolution of 4096 x 2304. Code discovered in OS X El Capitan has pointed towards Broadwell chips with Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200 and AMD Radeon M380 - M395X discrete graphics for the new iMacs.Rumors have also suggested the new 21.5-inch iMac will include an improved display quality with greater color saturation, but the external design of the machine will remain the same. Due to the new Retina displays, the 21.5-inch iMac models will be priced higher than existing iMac models.The 27-inch iMac is not likely to receive an update alongside the 21.5-inch iMac and it is not clear if Apple will also debut new rumored accessories alongside the machine. According to regulatory filings, Apple is working on a second-generation Magic Mouse and a new wireless keyboard with Bluetooth 4.2 connectivity and a rechargeable battery.As for the iPad Pro, Japanese site Mac Otakara recently suggested the larger-screened tablet would launch in early November, a rumor that 9to5Mac concurs with in today's report.
Sadly, this saccharine story still sweetens our societal self-image. Indeed, it is deeply ingrained in the collective identity of the industrialized world. The narrative has gotten more complex but remains à la base a triumphalist story. Consider, for instance, the closing lines of Joel Mokyr's 2009 The Enlightened Economy: An Economic History of Britain, 1700–1850: “Material life in Britain and in the industrialized world that followed it is far better today than could have been imagined by the most wild-eyed optimistic 18th-century philosophe—and whereas this outcome may have been an unforeseen consequence, most economists, at least, would regard it as an undivided blessing."
The idea that the Industrial Revolution has made us not only more technologically advanced and materially furnished but also better for it is a powerful narrative and one that's hard to shake. It makes it difficult to dissent from the idea that new technologies, economic growth, and a consumer society are absolutely necessary. To criticize industrial modernity is somehow to criticize the moral advancement of humankind, since a central theme in this narrative is the idea that industrialization revolutionized our humanity, too. Those who criticize industrial society are often met with defensive snarkiness: “So you'd like us to go back to living in caves, would ya?” or “you can't stop progress!”
Narratives are inevitably moralistic; they are never created spontaneously from “the facts” but are rather stories imposed upon a range of phenomena that always include implicit ideas about what's right and what's wrong. The proponents of the Industrial Revolution inherited from the philosophers of the Enlightenment the narrative of human (read: European) progress over time but placed technological advancement and economic liberalization at the center of their conception of progress. This narrative remains today an ingrained operating principle that propels us in a seemingly unstoppable way toward more growth and more technology, because the assumption is that these things are ultimately beneficial for humanity.
Advocates of sustainability are not opposed to industrialization per se, and don't seek a return to the Stone Age. But what they do oppose is the dubious narrative of progress caricatured above. Along with Jean-Jacques Rousseau, they acknowledge the objective advancement of technology, but they don't necessarily think that it has made us more virtuous, and they don't assume that the key values of the Industrial Revolution are beyond reproach: social inequality for the sake of private wealth; economic growth at the expense of everything, including the integrity of the environment; and the assumption that mechanized newness is always a positive thing. Above all, sustainability-minded thinkers question whether the Industrial Revolution has jeopardized humankind's ability to live happily and sustainably upon the Earth. Have the fossil-fueled good times put future generations at risk of returning to the same misery that industrialists were in such a rush to leave behind?
NC State was in prime position to continue the upset watch it placed No. 3 Clemson on through two-plus quarters Thursday night, but an iffy call against the Wolfpack could render that moot.
On the first play of a drive beginning at 7:43 in the third quarter, NC State running back Bryan Underwood broke loose down the right sideline and appeared to break what would've been an 83-yard touchdown run and, presumably, a 14-13 Wolfpack lead. Instead, referees ruled Underwood stepped out of bounds at Clemson's 47-yard line, limiting the run to 36 yards.
The play was never reviewed, and ESPN's Rece Davis shortly thereafter provided the official rule explanation that out-of-bounds calls outside the five-yard line can't be reviewed.
Underwood's run would've been a fine enough play, except that NC State quarterback Pete Thomas fumbled away the ball after being sacked three plays later on a 3rd-and-10 from that spot. Clemson recovered, and five plays later, quarterback Tajh Boyd found wide receiver Martavis Bryant for a 30-yard touchdown pass, a 20-7 lead and a 14-point swing.
More from SB Nation:
Follow @SBNationCFB Follow @SBNRecruiting
• Your Week 4 college football TV schedule guide
• Picking Week 4's biggest games, eating pretty sandwiches
• Spencer Hall's Alphabetical | Bill Connelly's Numerical | This Week in Schadenfreude
• Mack Brown's apology for losing to Oklahoma, a month early!
• What we learned from the Alabama-Texas A&M classic
• Today's college football news headlines
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 18th, 2007
They're just shredding the confetti into more confetti at this point.
Via: Bloomberg:
Money market rates tumbled after the European Central Bank injected an unprecedented $500 billion into the banking system as part of a global effort to ease gridlock in the credit market.
The amount banks charge each other for two-week loans in euros dropped a record 50 basis points to 4.45 percent, the European Banking Federation said today. The rate had soared 83 basis points in the past two weeks as banks hoarded cash in anticipation of a squeeze on credit through the year-end.
“These are strong-arm tactics intended to show the market they're seriously committed to breaking the deadlock,” said Marc Ostwald, a fixed-income strategist at Insinger De Beaufort SA in London. “The ECB is helping to bankroll banks out of a problem that they themselves created.”
The decline is the first sign attempts by policymakers to revive interbank lending are succeeding since the Federal Reserve last week announced the biggest coordinated central bank action since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. More than $70 billion of losses on securities linked to U.S. subprime- mortgages have left banks reluctant to lend to each other.
The ECB loaned a record 348.6 billion euros ($501.5 billion) for two weeks at 4.21 percent today, almost 170 billion euros more than it estimated was needed. Bids were received from 390 banks, ranging from 4 percent to 4.45 percent. The central bank first offered extra cash on Aug. 9, when it lent 95 billion euros of emergency funds. Banks also borrowed about 2.4 billion euros at 5 percent yesterday, the most since Sept. 26, the ECB said.
The three-month euro-borrowing rate fell 7 basis points to 4.88 percent, down from near a seven-year high, the EBF said.
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Phil and Claire Dunphy's house on the popular sitcom Modern Family is for sale in L.A. The homeowner gets paid each time the show shoots exterior scenes on the property, but the interiors were recreated on a soundstage. Let's compare the real house to the one seen on TV, shall we?
A “Modern Family” House For Sale
That's the listing photo above for the house, which has 4 bedrooms, 5 baths, and nearly 2,700 square feet. And this is a shot of the exterior from the show with Phil sitting on the front stoop:
The current owner told the Wall Street Journal that they get lots of visits from fans who want to see the house in person: “I've met people from around the world.”
Listing agent Mitch Hagerman of Coldwell Banker Previews International added that it would be up to the new owner whether or not to allow the show to continue filming here. Could be interesting if they have to find somewhere else to shoot. Would Claire and Phil have to move? (It happened to Mary Tyler Moore on their show when the homeowners got tired of the lookiloos!)
Like the TV version, the real house has a staircase that goes straight up from the front entry (above). But on the show, the walls are painted Benjamin Moore's Labrador Blue:
The living room in the listing has lots of windows and a fireplace:
Here's the window wall in the living room taken from the SSN 1 episode “Undeck the Halls.”
Production designer Richard Berg described the Dunphy home as “Pottery Barn meets Restoration Hardware.”
Series creator Steve Levitan said, “The kitchen is now truly the center of the house. We couldn't do a show called ‘Modern Family' if we didn't see the kitchen as part of the dining and family room in one flowing space.”
The real kitchen in the listing:
The TV version has painted cabinets and an island that's turned the other way. The window and doorway into the room are in the same spots, though (you can't see it in the photo below, but there's an opening to the right of the refrigerator on the show):
Even though the decorating is different, the layout is essentially the same.
The family room off the kitchen in the real house (above) doesn't have the fireplace:
The listing says, “Sophistication, charm and attention to detail best describe this classic two-story, traditional home in a beautiful neighborhood with mature trees in coveted Cheviot Hills. You'll appreciate the craftsmanship in the crown molding and rich mahogany hardwood floors throughout.”
Asking price is for $2.35 million. Want it? For more photos and information, check the Coldwell Banker listing, Realty Today, the Wall Street Journal, Redfin, and the LA Times.
Would you like living in a house made famous on TV, or would you prefer something a little more “anonymous”? The Mary Tyler Moore Show house is on the market in Minneapolis right now, too!
P.S. Check out my post about the houses on Modern Family to see more:
The Cabin from "On Golden Pond" If you ever watched the classic Henry Fonda-Katharine Hepburn drama On Golden Pond and wished your family had a lake house like theirs, raise your hand.…
Hello and welcome back to The Comedy Cast; today you'll be hearing from Greg Dean.
Greg is someone very well-known in the comedy world and if you've ever look for a book on stand-up comedy then chances are you've come across their book on stand-up; Step by Step to Stand-up Comedy.
We started off by talking a bit about Greg heritage, coming from British stock, one side being Scottish, who still have a castle, and the other English.
We spoke about Greg growing up in rural California and joining the theatre as a young man before literally running away with the circus at the age of 21. Then we chatted about Greg going onto becoming a successful, touring stand-up comedian before they turned their hand to teaching the craft of stand-up.
Greg reveals the basics of their classes, the three mechanics as they call them; the target assumption, connector and reinterpretation. Greg also speaks about being a member of the International Society of Humour Studies, being the only member that isn't part of academia. They also talk about reading as much academia as possible while researching their book and their contributions to the society.
We talk then about the importance of comedians learning to read the reactions of their audiences so they can know how far they can take jokes, we speak too about nothing being off limits and about offending people from time to time and that comedians just have to get used to it.
We chat then about whether anything still surprises them in comedy anymore or has it seen it all already?
We speak more in depth about their book Step by Step to Stand-up Comedy and how it was a real labour of love that took 10 years to write and the struggle to find a publisher.
And Greg tells two absolutely hilarious stories about previous students of theirs that had me roaring, you might be offended by if you are you're probably listening to the wrong podcast.
Greg Dean's website: here
Greg's Facebook: here
Greg's Twitter: here
Greg's YouTube: here
Get in Touch
Don't be shy, get in touch with The Comedy Cast or follow us on social media
If you'd like to get in touch, email me here: spud(at)thecomedycast.com
The Comedy Cast on Facebook: here
The Comedy Cast on Twitter: here
The Comedy Cast on YouTube: here
The Comedy Cast on Instagram: here
The Comedy Cast on Google+: here
The data below marks where each pull in the WUGC Men's Gold Medal match – USA v Japan – was caught or landed, and the path of the disc up until the point where it stopped & the defence was set. For the purposes of this article, “flow” refers to the disc being released fluidly within 2 seconds of catching.
Points of note:
USA pulled out twice (both out the back), Japan once (out the side)
Japan caught every in-bounds USA pull, but were not tested with hard-to-catch pulls
USA caught 5/5 in-bounds JPN pulls in the first half, 1/6 in the second half
USA moved the disc towards the centre of the field 10/11 times
Japan moved the disc towards the centre of the field 5/12 times
Japan took more than one pass in flow 7/12 times
USA looked for and completed exactly one pass in flow 10/11 times
Japan one time chose not to chase down the pull, and allowed USA to work it up uncontested for 40 yards
All of USA's pulls went further than all-but-one Japanese pull
Japan scored from flow off the pull twice, and gained more yards from fielding the pull – resulting in a shorter field to play with despite the deeper USA pulls
Japan were offside once, USA called travel on Japan flow once
Japan's blading pulls, containing defence, and USA's clinically executed pull-fielding routine
Japan's pulls were all outside-in, so sacrificed hang-time and distance in order to make them riskier to catch – more so in the second half. This could have been a tactic to tempt a dropped pull, sacrificing being able to pressure USA's first pass (which they consistently used to centre the disc). USA caught the couple of more bladey pulls in the first half, but let them land 5/6 times in the second half. Japan's defenders were reluctant to go past the disc after running down the pull – preferring to clog the USA's immediate downfield throwing lanes.
USA has a very clear pull fielding routine in place – two players hang back, one catches/picks up and passes to the other, who has positioned themselves as central as possible – gaining yards if safe. When the pass is complete, the pull catcher becomes the reset, and the thrower's focus is turned downfield for the cutters to make the first play. Catching the pull is not of paramount importance in this routine, as seen in the second half when they only caught 1/6 pulls but were still able to get the pass off each time – in fact their least successful centering in the second half was off the one pull they caught.
This style of pull-fielding is very suited to the USA's style of Ultimate – their aim was to present the downfield cutters with a static centralised handler situation, and they executed this practically without fail.
USA's deep pulling, anti-centering defence, and Japan's organic yard-eating pull-fielding style
USA's pulls were all aimed at maximising hang time and distance – and they executed this with brilliant consistency; 9 from 11 of the downwind pulls floating into the back half of the end zone. They would always send one defender down the centre of the field, arriving first and 6/11 times preventing Japan from centering the pull.
Japan's pull fielding was more organic and variable: Three players hang back; one catches whilst another is in a central position, and the 3rd player either provides an alternative first pass, a continuation / flow option after the first pass, or makes an aggressive move.
Fielding the pull with three players suggests Japan's aim was to use flow passes to shorten the field, which they largely succeeded in doing – consistently ending up with a shorter field than the USA, despite the USA's pulls all being deeper. Twice they scored in flow – once taking four passes, including a lateral / backwards open pass, and once from a two-pass play.
2nd level analysis:
USA's tactic of sending their first defender down the centre of the field to prevent Japan from centering the disc was relatively effective, but Japan fielding the pull with 3 players was a natural counter to this. With 3 players fielding, Japan were prepared to advance the disc past the USA defender who arrives first in the middle of the field, and did so 5/12 times. This was often at the expense of the disc being moved away from the centre, which did not seem like a priority for them, but was definitely one of the USA's biggest considerations. This organic style & the disc not being centered resulted in a variety of early-point scenarios – Japan's downfield players seemed comfortable working from these less commonly seen situations, whereas the USA's downfield defenders would have been unfamiliar defending against them.
Japan did not always take the flow passes open to them – there were 7 times when the disc could have been moved laterally or backwards by Japan, but they only took these options 2 times – once eventually resulting in a score, once resulting in a travel call on the next pass. At no point did a lateral or backwards flow pass result in an eventual loss of yardage, which suggests it's an option they should have explored further. The 5 missed opportunities to pass laterally or backwards all resulted in flow stopping immediately or on the next pass.
USA's pull-fielding routine presented the downfield cutters with a static centralised handler situation every time, which allowed the cutters to get familiar with creating plays from that exact situation. Potential yardage gains with extra passes were sacrificed in favour of centralising the disc, which can also result in a longer field to work with; however this plays to their superior deep game, so it works both ways. Japan may have been more aware of this long-field advantage than the USA were, hence why they did not chase down the pull at 10-8, encouraging USA to play with a short field.
Conclusions
USA's relentless routine consistently put them in the position they wanted, so from their perspective was a total success. Japan used more flow passes and resulted in gained yards – which can be viewed on the whole as a success – but questions remain about whether taking more open lateral or backwards flow passes would have resulted in greater yard gains (if this was their aim).
The objective question of “Which is the better routine/style?” is hard to answer as so many variables come into play mid-point. One can not objectively say the disc being centered is a good thing, or more flow or yards are a good thing, as each is dependant upon the team's mid-point strategy and style. The relevant information we have to compare the two methods objectively is: neither team turned over when fielding the pull or flowing from the pull, Japan scored twice from flow off the pull, and USA won the game 15-11.*
Personally I preferred Japan's fluid and variable style, but think there is much room for improvement which can make it more effective and harder to stop, such as taking yard-losing passes in order to keep the flow going. Generating fluid looks at the start of points – from random places on the field – is hard to play defence against, but arguably hard to play offence from also. USA seems to have nearly perfected their routine, but its standardised nature has a potential weakness in that the defence know what is coming – a static look from the centre of the field after one centering pass. Whether or not the defence can use this to their advantage is another question for another article – we did see Japan clogging throwing lanes and downfield space at the start of points as they attempted to do so in this match, if you're interested in how effective they were then check out the full game footage.
* another potentially useful stat would be the number of points each team scored from the pull without turning over, and in how many passes
Image copyright Handout Image caption Australia has six aircraft bombing IS positions in both Iraq and Syria as part of the US-led coalition
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is weak and Australia has no plans to send combat troops to fight it, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says.
Mr Turnbull was speaking after terror attacks in Paris claimed by IS.
Their remarks contrasted with former prime minister Tony Abbott's description of IS as a "death cult".
Mr Abbott, now serving as a backbench MP, called for Australia to commit combat troops to the Middle East after the Paris attacks.
Australia is part of a US-led coalition bombing the group in Iraq and Syria.
IS hype
Mr Turnbull told Australia's House of Representatives that IS relied on its propaganda network and "we must not be fooled by its hype".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has rejected calls to send combat troops to the Middle East
But the group must be defeated militarily in Iraq and Syria, where it has overrun vast swathes of territory, they said.
"Its ideology is archaic, but its use of the internet is very modern. ISIL has many more smartphones than guns, more Twitter accounts than fighters.
"It does not command broad-based legitimacy even in those areas under its direct control. It is encircled by hostile forces. It is under military pressure."
Mr Turnbull made the comments as part of national security statement to Australia's parliament.
Analysis: Shaun Davies, Australia Editor, BBC News website
Tony Abbott never backed away from their description of the so-called Islamic State (IS) as a "death cult".
When terrorism experts said IS would be delighted that their colourful description promoted the group's propaganda aims, Mr Abbott was dismissive.
"I think we should call things what they are," they said in June this year.
Fast-forward five months and Australia's political landscape is very different. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, who deposed Mr Abbott in September, wants to undercut IS's effective propaganda.
Rather than boots on the ground, Mr Turnbull is focusing on a war of ideas.
Counter-productive
Mr Turnbull said the government of Iraq believed the presence of large numbers of Western troops in that country would be "counter-productive".
They also said the consensus of world leaders was that there was no appetite for a large-scale invasion of Syria.
The deployment of Australian combat troops to either Iraq or Syria would be neither "feasible" nor "practical", Mr Turnbull said.
Former defence minister Kevin Andrews and Liberal MP Michael Sukkar had backed Mr Abbott's call for "boots on the ground" following the Paris attacks.
Currently there are around 90 Australian special forces soldiers advising counter-terror agencies in Iraq, as well as around 300 soldiers training members of the Iraqi national army
Australia also has six aircraft bombing IS positions in both Iraq and Syria as part of the US-led coalition.
Large commitment
Mr Turnbull said Australia's commitment to the Middle East conflict was already large given the country's size and geographic location.
"Larger for example than any European nation, larger than Canada or any of the neighbouring Arab states," they said.
Mr Turnbull also announced the adoption of a five-tiered National Terrorism Threat Advisory System that replaces the previous four-tiered system.
"The new system will provide the public with more information on the nature of the threat we are facing," they said.
"The adoption of a five-tiered threat system will also provide ASIO with greater flexibility in determining threat levels, reflecting the need to adapt to an evolving security environment."
Before Mr Turnbull became prime minister they made a speech saying the country should not overplay the threat of IS.
Mr Turnbull ousted Mr Abbott as prime minister following a party vote in September and is the fourth person to hold that office since 2013.
Check out this photo of NBA All-Star Kyle Lowry wearing a cap bearing the words "West Philippine Sea."
The image was grabbed from a TV interview following the Toronto Raptors' 132-113 win over the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday.
The snapback is a product of Pampanga-based company Indio Eyewear, makers of bamboo-framed sunglasses.
Monique Louise Garcia, Indio Eyewear's co-founder, said the company was thrilled to see its product worn by a globally famous athlete.
"At first, we thought it was just edited but when someone tagged us the video of the interview, we got "kilig" because we never thought of it," Garcia said in a message to ABS-CBN News.
Garcia said a woman who reacted to the photo on Facebook claimed that their sister works for the Raptors and they gave the caps to Lowry and DeMar DeRozan as "pasalubong."
For the company, the words on the cap go beyond being just a fashion statement.
With its product reaching the international market, Indio Eyewear founder Hare Inaba hopes more people overseas would be aware of the protracted dispute over the Scarborough Shoal and help the cause.
"I think this (has) a big impact for the Filipino people, especially the West Philippine Sea advocates," Inaba said.
"We are hoping that we inspire other local brands to speak out using their brand."
For more sports coverage, visit the ABS-CBN Sports website.
According to recent info from reliable leakster @ice, Samsung has decided to give the Galaxy Note8 the crown jewels  an Emperor Edition will launch in South Korea and China with a domineering 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. The base version will be 6GB/64GB.
Another source, OSEN, reports that the Western hemisphere will get another model  one with 128GB storage instead. That model will carry a price tag of over $1,100. The Galaxy S8+ had a similar version with extra memory in Asia, a model that didnt make it to Europe (but is also available in Hong Kong and India).
The Galaxy Note8 Emperor Edition will come in Black, Blue and Grey (perhaps Deep Blue too). And by the way, the microSD slot doesnt seem to be going anywhere, giving you a chance of up to 384GB/512GB storage!
Source (in Chinese) | Via
Interest groups spending tens of millions of television ad dollars in a fight over carbon emissions and the existence of “clean coal.”
Coal industry magnates, who would lose big if new pollution standards are signed into law, spent between $35 million and $45 million on advertising this year - most of it on television ads aired during the 2008 campaigns - pitching “clean coal” as a new environmentally friendly fuel.
But the concept of “clean coal” is somewhat nebulous - it encompasses a number of techniques for reducing pollution by chemically washing coal or capturing and storing emissions - and the most effective technology, carbon sequestration, is still 10-15 years from being built for American plants.
The marketing campaign, as well as a relatively low investment in researching “clean coal” technologies according to one study, have environmentalists and liberal think tanks calling foul on the coal companies.
To that end, environmentalists led by former Vice President Al Gore launched a counter-attack earlier this month, buying advertising disputing industry claims that “clean” coal exists. Spokesmen for different groups involved in the campaign did not immediately answer questions about how much money was being spent on their advertising campaign, but have called it a multi-million dollar effort in previous comments.
The Reality Coalition launched a second television ad Monday, a parody of a coal executive smelling a lump of “clean coal,” which leaves a black smudge on their nose as they deadpan for the camera.
“Clean coal” supporters say the fact that carbon sequestering technology is not market-ready nationally is not in dispute, and that the environmentalists have put words in their mouths.
“There are all kinds of options we're pursuing,” said Joe Lucas, senior vice president for the American Coalition for Clean Coal Energy, a group of 48 coal companies and power plants that have spent heavily on the “clean coal” marketing campaign.
“The industry is stepping up to help with carbon reduction, that includes educating the public about why investing in new technologies is very important,” Mr. Lucas said.
President-elect Barack Obama has supported investing in “clean coal” technology. The Center for American Progress (CAP), a liberal think tank with deep ties to the incoming Obama administration, however skewered coal supporters in a study released Monday.
The coal industry's marketing campaign is akin to American carmakers lobbying strategy that led to the need for a bailout, said Dan Weiss, who co-authored the study on how much the coal industry has spent advertising and lobbying for clean coal, versus how much it has spent on research.
“They spend very little in research and spend a lot of money in trying to convince people not to make them do anything,” Mr. Weiss said on a conference call with reporters. “The hypocrisy comes in when you look at what they're actually doing.”
Mr. Weiss estimates that for every $17 members of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Energy earned in profits in 2007, they spent $1 on researching carbon reduction technologies.
But the CAP report had one coal supporter laughing at its premise.
“These are silly reports; they're nitpicking little reports that pull a datapoint out and make a big issue out of something that is largely irrelevant,” said Frank Maisano, spokesperson for the Electric Reliability Coordinating Council, a coalition of utilities and transportation companies.
“They haven't grappled with the reality that coal is a major part of keeping the lights on in this country,” they said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Gary McCourt the Edinburgh man found guilty of causing the death by careless driving of cyclist Audrey Fife in August 2011 has been sentenced to 300 hours community service and banned from driving for five years at the Edinburgh Sheriff Court. After the guilty verdict was returned in the case of Mrs Fife it was revealed that McCourt was also responsible for the death of another cyclist, 22 year-old student, George Dalgity in 1986.
Sentencing McCourt who admitted to police that they had "clipped" Mrs Fife's bike, Sheriff James Scott said that the collision had occurred when McCourt "momentarily" lost concentration and that while "Mrs Fife wasn't in any way to blame for the accident" in their view the fact that they aren't wearing a helmet contributed to their death.
According to the BBC Sheriff Scott said they felt able to spare McCourt a prison sentence because there were no aggravating factors, such as drink or drug abuse - although some will surely question whether the fact that this was McCourt's second offence was in itself an aggravating factor.
Sheriff Scot said they also took in to account the fact that McCourt had frequently expressed genuine remorse and that the 47-year old suffered from depression and showed signs of post traumatic stress disorder.
Prior to sentencing Mrs Fife's widower, John had said that jailing McCourt would be a waste of taxpayers money, however as we reported last weekend Mr Dalgity's family felt strongly to the contrary and wrote to the court calling on the Sheriff to impose a stiff sentence.
“It's been suggested that sending them to jail would be a waste of taxpayers' money but the four years that George spent at university could be seen as that, too,” they add. “He never had a chance to use their degree. Never had a chance to live their life,” George Dalgity's sister, Ann told The Scotsman.
There is the possibility that McCourt's sentence could be appealed on the grounds of undue leniency, whether to proceed with such an appeal will be a matter for the procurator fiscal's office, the body that performs a similar role in bringing prosecutions in Scotland as the CPS does in England and Wales.
What can be said with more certainty is that the sentence imposed by this court on a man who has now been convicted of killing two cyclists is sure to reignite the debate about lenient sentencing for drivers who kill cyclists and pedestrians. Last year a coalition of cycling organisations and other road safety groups met with the Helen Grant the Justice Minister with responsibility for victims & the courts to call for a review of sentencing guidelines in such cases. While the minister expressed their support and promised to look in to the matter as yet there has been no further action taken.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Categories Categories Select Category .Africa .ai .App .Asia .Bank .Biz .cc .CEO .Club .cm .cn .CO .com .de .Eu .fun .Global .Guru .Hk .in .info .io .London .ME .Miami .mobi .Net .NYC .online .Org .Porn .Pro .Pw .SHOP .site .Space .Store .Sucks .tech .tel .TOP .tv .UK .us .Vegas .VIP .Web .Win .WS .XXX #Internetofficial 1and1.com 2 letters .com 2 number domains 3 number domains 3D 4.CN 4L.com ACPA Adult Advertising Affilate Marketing Afilias Afternic Allegravita Alphabet AMA Amazon Apple Apps Behind The Keyword Bitcoin Blockchain Brand New gTLD's Brand Protection Brandables BrandBucket Branding CADNA Cannabis ccTLD ccTLD's Celebrity Domain Names Celebrity Domains CentralNic China Coin Collectibles Com Laude Comics Crypto Corner Crypto Currency CSC Cybersecurity CyberSecurity cybersquatting Daily Roundup Demand Media Digital Media DNA DNS Domain Auctions Domain Awards Domain Conferences Domain Hacks Domain Holdings Domain Industry Domain Movers Domain Names Domain Parking Domain Registrars Domain Registries Domain Sales Domain Tools Domain Trends Domain Valuation Domainfest DomainNameSales.com Domains DomainSponsor Donuts Drop Services DropCatch.com Dynadot e-Commerce Early Access Program ebay Economy Efty ElonMusk emoji Enom Epik Escrow.com Ethereum Facebook Famous Four Flippa Four Letter Domains Frank Schilling Games Geo Domains Godaddy Google Guest Posts HugeDomains ICA ICANN ICE ICM ICYMI IDN's IFFOR Inc. Infographics IntellectualProperty Internet News InternetTraffic.com Interviews iot IPO ISP/Broadband Legal LL.com LLL.com LLL.com Domains LLLL Domains LLLLL.com Domains Marchex Market Recap MarkMonitor Media MERGE Microsoft Mike Mann Minds+Machines Misc Mobile NAF Name.com Namebio Namecheap Namecon NameFind NameJet Namepros Namescon NameSilo Network Solutions Neustar new domain extensions New gTLD's news NFL NNN Domains NNN.com NNNN.com NNNNN.com NNNNNN.com Nominet North Sound Names Numeric Domains Oversee Overstock Parking Payoneer Paypal Phishing PIR Political Domains poll Pool.com Privacy Publicly Traded Domain Co Radix Remark Media Reverse Domain Name Hijacking Rick Schwartz RightoftheDot.com Rightside RRPproxy Search/SEO Security Sedo SnapNames.com Social Media Sponsored Content Sports Start Ups Technology TGTBTU THEDomain Conference TheDomains Three Letter Domains Three Number Domains TLDH TMCH ToughDomains Trademarks Tucows.com Twitter Two character domains Two Letter Domains UDRP Uncategorized Uniregistry UNO URS Venture Capital VeriSign Wearable Tech Web Development Web.com Website Sales Whois WIPO WordPress XYZ Yahoo Yesterday's Top 5 YouTube ZDNS
The Dallas Mavericks made history with the No. 52 pick, selecting massive Indian-born center Satnam Singh. Singh is the first Indian-born player to be taken in the NBA Draft in league history.
Singh is an enormous big man, standing 7'2 and weighing in at 290 pounds, yet they have a soft touch that'll allow them to shoot three-pointers. He is actually on NBA radars for years, as our Rodger Sherman explains:
Everything Singh must improve is related to their athleticism, whereas he's already acquired some hard-to-develop basketball skills. For a player with Singh's background, that's surprising. For a player with Singh's physical attributes, that's downright incredible. The upside is obvious and astounding.
The 19-year-old is still very raw and is likely several years away from having a chance to contribute. Still, he's a worthy gamble this late in the draft.
The Kings made history by signing Sim Bhullar last year, but while they were of Indian descent, they aren't drafted and was actually born in Canada. Singh is therefore the first indian-born player to be drafted.
It's a truism that neoconservatives have a talent for failing upward: for repeatedly getting important things wrong and not seeing their careers suffer – for, in fact, being handed new opportunities to pursue their work (see, e.g., Kristol, Bill; and Hayes, Stephen).
Today we can add another name to that list: Laurie Mylroie, the quintessential conspiracy theorist of the Iraq War era, wrote reports about Iraq for the Pentagon as recently as Fall 2007, years after they were discredited, according to documents obtained by TPMmuckraker.
Mylroie is the author of two studies — “Saddam's Strategic Concepts: Dealing With UNSCOM,” dated Feb. 1, 2007, and “Saddam's Foreign Intelligence Service,” dated Sept. 24, 2007 — on a list of reports from the Pentagon's Office Of Net Assessment [ONA], obtained by TPMmuckraker through the Freedom Of Information Act. The ONA is the Defense Department's internal think tank, once described by the Washington Post as “obscure but highly influential.”
Those who follow the neoconservative movement closely are stunned that Mylroie has surfaced again — and especially that they are doing government-sponsored work on Iraq. “It's kind of astonishing that the ONA would come even within a mile of her,” says Jacob Heilbrunn, author of They Knew They Were Right: The Rise of the Neocons. “I think they are completely discredited.”
“I'm shocked,” Steve Clemons of the New America Foundation says. “If this came out in 2007, they were presumably working on it in 2006, and, by that time, the fate and fortunes of a lot of these people was already switching.”
Why is it so astonishing that a government agency would hire Mylroie to write about Iraq? While their career as an Iraq specialist started out auspiciously enough — they studied and later taught at Harvard, wrote a book on Saddam with Judith Miller in 1990, and served as an adviser to the 1992 Clinton campaign — Mylroie later veered outside the mainstream and became enamored with theories rejected by virtually everyone else in the field.
Heilbrunn suggests Mylroie has been underappreciated as one of the intellectual progenitors of the Iraq war. “She was one of the original fermenters of the idea that Saddam Hussein had these intimate ties with Al Qaeda,” they say.
In the definitive profile of Mylroie, written for the Washington Monthly in 2003, terrorism analyst Peter Bergen locates Mylroie's turn in the wake of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, when they developed their theory that the Iraqi government was behind the attack. Bergen sums up the animating principle of Mylroie's work: that “Saddam was the mastermind of a vast anti-U.S. terrorist conspiracy in the face of virtually all evidence and expert opinion to the contrary.” (For a good example of Mylroie Logic, read their Sept. 13, 2001, WSJ op-ed “The Iraqi Connection,” in which they argue that Iraq had a hand in 9/11 because … well, mainly just because.) Bergen goes on:
Mylroie believes that Saddam was not only behind the '93 Trade Center attack, but also every anti-American terrorist incident of the past decade, from the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the leveling of the federal building in Oklahoma City to September 11 itself.
Mylroie's theories wouldn't have mattered – except that they had the ear of Richard Perle, Paul Wolfowitz, Scooter Libby, Jim Woolsey, et al. Perle blurbed Mylroie's January 2001 book, Study of Revenge: The First World Trade Center Attack and Saddam Hussein's War against America, as “splendid and wholly convincing.”
In response to TPMmuckaker's questions about the selection process for ONA researchers, a DOD spokesperson said in a statement: “All aspects of researchers and research institutions are considered, with an â¨emphasis on obtaining the widest range of possible intellectual approaches in order to provide a fully balanced approach to the analysis of future developments.”
And how did the Pentagon use Mylroie's Iraq reports? Says DOD: “These reports were part of a multi-scope research effort to identify the widest possible range of analysts whose expertise was likely to generate insights and concepts which would contribute to Net Assessments on-going work to develop and refine trends, risks, and opportunities which will shape future (2020) national security environments.”
Mylroie's work for the Pentagon is all the more interesting because, as their star faded along with the Iraq war, they largely disappeared from the public sphere. Them most recent public writings consist of a nasty spat with other writers on the right in 2008. The Weekly Standard's Stephen Hayes, themselves a prominent perpetuator of falsehoods about Saddam-Al Qaeda links, is one of a group of journalists who cannot stomach Myrloie out of annoyance that their work helps to discredit their own, somewhat less feverish theories. Hayes has reported, with distaste, that Mylroie believes “al Qaeda is little more than an Iraqi ‘front group.'” For more, read Daniel Pipes on “Laurie Mylroie's Shoddy, Loopy, Zany Theories – Exposed.”
While Mylroie is often identified as an “adjunct fellow” at the American Enterprise Institute, an AEI spokesperson calls that category “a very loose relationship” and says that the main link between Mylroie and the think tank was the publication of their book back in 2001.
Laurie Mylroie did not respond to emails seeking comment. The DOD spokesperson has promised to send me copies of Mylroie's Iraq reports. We'll tell you more when we hear anything.
Pitcairn Island, one of the world's most isolated, storied, and fascinating communities has doubled its Internet access to 512kbps, to be shared among its 48 residents.
The island, of course, is home to the modern descendants of the infamous 1789 "mutiny on the Bounty" story, which involved the British ship the HMS Bounty. Many books and films have been created to capture the story of a band of mutineers as they eluded the British Navy and set up shop on this remote island in the south Pacific.
According to a report last month from Radio New Zealand International, the United States Geological Survey has a seismic station on the island, and pays for a satellite Internet connection for the station. Locals pay NZ$100 ($81) per month for up to 2GB of data. A team from the United States is set to travel to Pitcairn in June to upgrade the satellite link.
Many Pitcairn Islanders are direct descendants of Fletcher Christian, the leader of the the 18th-century group of mutineers. Despite their historic ties and home in one of the most remote corners of the globe, these islanders are no luddites. In October 2010, the first iPad arrived on the island. It went to Andrew Christian—naturally, a seventh-generation descendant of Christian.
"They're able to sell their products online such as honey, carvings, collectible items that people around the world are interested in buying," said Bill Haigh, manager of the .pn domain name, in an interview with Radio NZ. "Just the ability to reach out and find new markets has been an enormous boost to them."
Update: Herb Ford, the head of the Pitcairn Islands Study Center, located at Pacific Union College in Angwin, California, e-mailed Ars to say: "It's past time that the Pitcairn islanders have good, fast access. It will certainly help them economically (through the online sale of crafts, honey, etc.) Heretofore things have been far too slow, with all-to-frequent breakdowns of the system. For some time many on the Island have found that for some reason they can communicate faster through Facebook than with e-mail."
Ford also added that these types of infrastructure upgrades have historically been slow to arrive on Pitcairn. "I'll believe it when I see it," they wrote.
The image New England residents have of the early Puritans as a stern people who dressed all in black and were ruled by intolerant and authoritarian ministers appears to be inaccurate, new historical research suggests. While historians have long known that the Puritans had a fun-loving side, the textbook image of them as stern and serious persists in the minds of many Americans.
Clothing for both sexes was every color of the rainbow and by using vegetable dyes, rather than chemicals, the shades were soft and muted. Men might have a colored hatband as a decoration in their best hats.
Dress codes existed that were linked to status but as the colonies' population grew they became impossible to enforce. Plymouth did not have such a formal, legal dress code, but social sanctions initially worked to the same effect. Overall, colorful clothing was often seen.
Social sanctions were also effective in holding down the crime rate. There was surprisingly little crime in 17th Century New England. Legal records show the total number of felonies and serious crimes don't add up to much given the growing size of the population in the colonies. Family members and a town's residents were constrained by a net of social sanctions, often personal and informal, but effective and real in their impact.
The Puritans knew how to have a good time , too, and often did. Drinking in moderation was allowed and the Puritans often indulged in physical love both before marriage and outside of marriage. Some young women in Concord, Mass., got pregnant to sway parents to allow them to marry. It was much the same in early Plymouth. Babies would come 6 to 7 months after the wedding to couples like the Delanoy's, the ancestors of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
As for the power of the church, ministers did not run for, nor could they hold political office, in the Puritan colonies of New England. Ministers usually had a great deal of influence and high social status but Puritan New England was not a theocracy and church and state were separated, unlike what the Puritans had fled from in England. Men did not have to be church members to vote in Plymouth colony, either.
Far from being subjugated, Puritan women had financial rights guaranteed by law, were protected from brutality, and, on occasion, even allowed to divorce. Divorce almost never happened but was allowed in rare cases for willful desertion or bigamy. A formal separation, but not a divorce, also was allowed for habitual, extreme cruelty, impotence by the husband, or violence or abuse so bad that the courts were unable to control or prevent it.
Women were respected and had significant rights by law. Husbands and fathers could not apprentice minor children to another household, nor buy or sell land, without the free voluntary consent of their wives. The wife would be examined separately, apart from their husband, and magistrates took pains to ensure that their consent was free and voluntary.
Women were so important that a husband might lose their liquor license for their inn or tavern when their wife died, courts ruling that they could not keep a decent establishment without a wife on the premises. By contrast, widows were frequently allowed to sell liquor, partly because they supported themselves with the profits and were less likely to become a burden on the town.
By law, a woman with the reputation of a dutiful wife and mother had to be left their widow's thirds in their husband's will or oral bequest. The courts broke wills that left women less than one-third of the real estate and full title to one-third of the personal property.
New views of the first New England settlers are emerging from David Hall's new “A Reforming People: Puritanism and the Transformation of Public Life in New England”(Knopf). Hall, a distinguished scholar of colonial America at the Harvard Divinity School, rejects the grim view of life among the New England settlers in favor of a more balanced approach that sees the Puritans for what they were. Hall says the picture is wrong of Puritans as theocratic ogres—repressive, cruel and intolerant. Yet, neither were they precursors to Jacksonian democracy, much less like Americans of the early 19th century, let alone the 21st century.
Early New England residents were seeking, or trying to create, utopias, and to a considerable extent, though only for a relatively brief time in the 1640s to 1670s, they succeeded.
Historian Michael Chesson, formerly a Captain in the U.S. Navy, is Founding Professor and Dean at the American College of History and Legal Studies, Salem, N.H.
http://www.achls.org
Peachtree NORML (National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws) has announced a speaking engagement with Drug Policy Alliance director Ethan Nadelmann, Ph.D.
When: Next Monday – November 11 – 4:30pm Manuel's Tavern 602 Highland Ave. Atlanta, Ga. 30307
This event is FREE to the public. Please bring a friend! For further information contact Peachtree NORML at email dean@peachtreenorml.org .
Described by Rolling Stone as “the point man” for drug policy reform efforts, Ethan Nadelmann is widely regarded as the outstanding proponent of drug policy reform both in the United States and abroad.
Ethan's Facebook.
Ethan's Twitter.
Read Ethan's writings.
Ethan's Videos.
Ethan Nadelmann is the founder and executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance, the leading organization in the United States promoting alternatives to the war on drugs. Nadelmann received their B.A., J.D., and Ph.D. in Political Science from Harvard as well as a Masters' degree in International Relations from the London School of Economics, and taught at Princeton University for seven years. They have authored two books – Cops Across Borders and (with Peter Andreas) Policing The Globe – and their writings have appeared in most major media outlets in the U.S. as well as top academic journals (e.g., Science, International Organization), policy journals (Foreign Affairs, Foreign Policy, Washington Quarterly, Public Interest) and political publications from the right (National Review) to the left (The Nation).  They are interviewed frequently by media, including The Colbert Report, The O'Reilly Factor, Real Time with Bill Maher, and news programs on all the major U.S. networks as well as dozens of networks elsewhere.
Nadelmann and their colleagues have played pivotal roles in most of the major drug policy reform ballot initiative campaigns in the United States on issues ranging from medical marijuana and marijuana legalization to prison reform, drug treatment and reform of asset forfeiture laws. They also have reformed state and federal laws involving drug sentencing, access to sterile syringes to reduce HIV/AIDS, access to drug treatment, prevention of overdose fatalities, and all aspects of marijuana policy. Nadelmann also plays a key role as drug policy advisor to George Soros and other prominent philanthropists as well as elected officials ranging from mayors, governors and state and federal legislators in the U.S. to presidents and cabinet ministers outside the U.S.
ABOUT DPA: The Drug Policy Alliance is led by founder and executive director Ethan Nadelmann, JD, PhD. The organization is governed by a board of directors who bring a wealth of public health, science, civil liberties, social justice and criminal justice experience to the drug policy reform movement. The president of the board is Ira Glasser, former executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union.
The DPA honorary board includes prominent figures from both the left and the right who are renowned for their leadership in the fields of business, law, medicine, media and politics– from Sting, Russell Simmons and Arianna Huffington to the former U.S. secretary of state, secretary of defense, surgeon general, attorney general, and chairperson of the Federal Reserve.
Posted by
Stuart Mactaggart ,
September 19, 2014 Email
Stuart Mactaggart
On Twitter:
@BBSC_Mac
First Thoughts
The Ottawa Fury look to earn more points on road this weekend as they visit Atlanta for another important match in the clubs chase of a playoff spot. Fury coach Marc Dos Santos has described the upcoming match as having the vibe of a cup final as the team prepares for a tough road match. The match will be one of two between these clubs over the next ten days as both clubs are battling to get off the bottom of the NASL Fall Season table.
Keep Thinking
Ottawa have won two in a row on the road and will be looking to make it three as they have a much improved record (2-2-1) over the last five games than they did over the first four matches (0-0-4) of the Fall Season. Dos Santos believes that failure to capture any points in the first four games of the Fall Season is partially due to the team having five weeks off between the two seasons, halting all the momentum and confidence that Fury had built at the end of the Spring Season, however they have recently been able to recapture that form and have several games left in the season. Although playoff hopes are slim after the poor start to the Fall Season, Dos Santos has also made a point of focusing on the long term as they sum up the rest of the season by saying “every day training and every game is a showcase for every player” as they all battle for spots in next year's roster.
Ottawa will enter the weekend with a full roster for Dos Santos to choose from as Haworth has returned to training this week. Ryan Richter returns to Ottawa on loan from Toronto after completing their three recalled games for Toronto FC. Richter will likely be in the starting XI, fitting the back four alongside Beckie, Trafford and Soria; meanwhile the midfield will set up with Ubiparipovic, Ryan and Donatelli. With a full like up to choose from, Nicki Paterson could find themselves on the bench as both Ubiparipovic and Donatelli have combined for a number of points this year. Although Haworth is fit they will likely start on the bench as Mayard, Heinemann and Oliver will likely form the attacking line.
In The End
This will be a very important match for Ottawa as they are set on working towards a playoff spot, and confidence hasn't been higher at TD Place this season. Ottawa has been strong on the road this Fall (apart from a poor showing in Carolina), and a third win a row would give the Fury squad a big lift before they would be returning to Ottawa for back to back home games vs Minnesota on September 28th and Atlanta on October 1st.
Prediction
Ottawa Fury FC 2-1 Atlanta Silverbacks
After generations of disinvestment and a loss of experience, New York City's capacity to build new subways has greatly diminished. Demand for New York City living is on the rise, but, at least in the outer boroughs, there isn't any new rail capacity to facilitate densification. There hasn't been an outer borough subway extension in 25 years, not since 3.2 miles were tunneled to give the Queens Boulevard Line another way into Manhattan (via the new F service on 63rd Street), and there are no plans to build more.
Instead, the city and MTA are focusing on a simpler mode of transit: buses. The MTA and city's Department of Transportation have worked together to launch six Select Bus Service routes, as they call their implementation of what's known generally as bus rapid transit. These buses are faster than locals and limited, with their wide stop spacing, dedicated lanes and pre-boarding fare payment, cutting down the time it takes before the bus can get moving again.
Now Mayor Bill de Blasio, taking more ownership of the city's bus system than mayors traditionally do, has pledged to expand the network to 20 lines, building what they called a “world-class” system of rapid buses. Some have likened SBS to a “subway on the street,” but in New York, there's one crucial way in which they differ: nobody seems to expect any new density along bus routes, which even with dedicated lanes and faster boarding, don't have the capacity of true rail rapid transit. So far, the Department of City Planning has not rezoned any neighborhoods in response to improved SBS routes, and they don't seem to have sparked any new development.
DOT head Polly Trottenberg, though, raised the question during MTA's “reinvention commission” meetings. They suggested using value capture to fund SBS improvements to Q52/53 bus route, running north-south along Woodhaven and Cross Bay Boulevards, through central Queens down to the Rockaways. At $200 million, or about ten times the cost of other SBS jobs, the Woodhaven and Cross Bay Boulevard would be more elaborate than past SBS implementations, probably with physically separated lanes or other roadway changes. In value capture schemes, property taxes are diverted or additional ones levied to pay for capital enhancements.
They later hedged on value capture, saying they didn't want to get ahead of herself. And in reality, value capture from improved buses is probably a bit fanciful given that the city has never even upzoned in coordination with a set of SBS upgrades.
Still, the question remains: can SBS investments drive new development in the neighborhoods they touch?
For New York's wealthier residents and would-be residents, a lack of new housing supply means higher rents or moving to the suburbs. But poorer immigrants on limited budgets still tend to value the walkability, transit access, and ethnic community that only a city can provide, so a pinched housing stock can lead to desperate overcrowding in urban neighborhoods. Immigrants of South Asian descent in particular are flooding into Woodhaven and Ozone Park, squeezing into large single-family homes, carving up an artificially limited number of housing units into smaller, often illegal subdivisions.
In the neighborhoods along Woodhaven and Cross Bay Boulevard in southern Queens, encouraging development on any appreciable scale would mean rezoning side streets, and not just the major thoroughfares, to allow small apartments buildings or two- and three-family attached townhouses, where single-family detached and semi-detached homes now sit.
In Ozone Park and Woodhaven, property values and demand are in the sweet spot where they're high enough to support new construction, but not so high that only luxury housing pencils out. New development in these parts of Queens is naturally affordable to middle-class families.
Large portions of the neighborhoods flanking the Woodhaven corridor were rezoned during the Bloomberg administration, primarily to prevent redevelopment and protect their single-family detached character. Any upzoning would most likely stir the passions of car-dependent old-timers, pitting those hostile to new development against immigrants from South Asia and Guyana, who are crowded into the meager early 20th century building stock and could desperately use room to grow.
The city hasn't discussed its plans for new routes beyond the Woodhaven Boulevard project. But to the extent SBS is planned for wide boulevards with room for relatively high capacity dedicated lanes, the city may look for opportunities to zone for mid-rise apartments. The more frequent and the faster the bus service, the more density can be accommodated.
The Pratt Center for Community Development has been among the city's most vocal advocates for an expanded Select Bus Service system. A report released in December of last year casts some doubt on the ability of rapid buses to support more development. “Experience in other cities shows that BRT is unlikely to trigger land speculation and displacement,” the authors contend. “But when BRT is implemented as part of a coordinated revitalization strategy, it can support targeted development of affordable housing and retail.”
At the same time, in a city in which there are no plans for rail expansions, and enhanced bus service is the only transit improvement being discussed for the outer boroughs, the city must find ways to link these investments with development opportunities. If New York can build a subway line to 34th Street and 11th Avenue, adding capacity and extending the network in the outer outer boroughs should be a top priority, as these are the neighborhoods where trains are most needed, and where low-density zones could actually yield to high-density affordable and market-rate housing.
Talk about this topic on the YIMBY Forums
Subscribe to the YIMBY email newsletter and receive the latest new development news in your inbox.
Follow the YIMBYgram for real-time photo updates
Follow YIMBY's Twitter for the latest in YIMBYnews
For any questions, comments, or feedback, email [email protected]
There's a terrorism possibility with allowing slews of unvetted refugees into the United States — but there's also another problem.
Cost.
Or, more importantly, taxpayer dollars.
According to the Center of Immigration Studies (CIS), the amount needed to resettle just a single refugee equates to $64,370 over the course of five years, or or $257,481 per household.
It's an absurd price to pay for two reasons.
First, these refugees are only supposed to take shelter in the United States for a short period of time (around six months to a year) until they can safely go back to their country of origin.
Second, this astronomical price is completely inefficient and ineffective — for what it costs to resettle one Middle Eastern refugee in the United States for five years, about 12 refugees can be helped in the Middle East for five years, or 61 refugees can be helped for one year, according to CIS.
For national security purposes and economic frugality, it's best that America allow countries close to the refugee crisis handle those who are evacuating for safety, health, and religious reasons.
SHARE on Facebook and Twitter and pass along the truth about refugee resettlement!
http://www.wedgies.com/question/should-donald-trump-get-a-special-prosecutor-to-go-after-hillary-pkaqxxn5zc
The influence of China has forced them to compete as Chinese Taipei, with an unfamiliar flag and a neutral anthem
When Hsu Shu-ching took to the podium to receive their silver medal in the women's 53kg weightlifting competition, a fairly unusual flag was hoisted to honour their achievement – not the red, blue and white emblem of their home, Taiwan, but a more complicated design featuring, among other things, the five Olympic rings.
On Monday their compatriot in the 58kg competition also took to the stage at the ExCeL arena. "Kuo Hsing-chun, Chinese Taipei," came the announcement over the PA.
Such complications are the sporting symptoms of one of the most bitter disputes in modern international relations, in which an effectively independent island state of 23m people is obliged to compete under a made-up name, with a similarly artificial flag and anthem.
Still officially the Republic of China, or RoC, Taiwan separated from mainland China in 1949 when Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalist forces fled there after their defeat by Mao Zedong's communists. The RoC name symbolised Chiang's presumption that their Kuomintang party still represented China's real government rather than the communists, and would some day return. Beijing, by contrast, viewed – and still views – Taiwan as an upstart renegade province to be reintegrated, by force if necessary.
The resultant decades of heavily militarised jostling have been played out in microcosm at the Olympics. In 1956 Taiwan competed as the RoC, prompting mainland China to withdraw from the International Olympic Committee. But China's influence grew and in 1979 the IOC switched recognition to Beijing. Taiwan was left in a bind.
The eventual, somewhat messy, compromise of Chinese Taipei, at first bitterly resisted by the Taiwanese, allows the island separate participation but is sufficiently linguistically ambiguous enough to sound, in Beijing at least, more like a province than a country.
The formula is now used in everything from football to Taiwan's International Monetary Fund membership, even Miss World, which sometimes features a Miss Chinese Taipei.
Athletes who triumph under the banner even receive their medals to a special tune, officially, and wordily, known as the Anthem of the Chinese Taipei Olympic Committee.
Such is Taiwan's wider fate in an era of ever increased Chinese power. The island is now recognised as a nation by about two dozen mainly tiny nations, generally in return for Taiwanese aid and investment. Everyone else, even their close ally America, must officially pretend otherwise. As Chinese Taipei, Taiwan has had limited Olympic success, mainly in taekwondo – in 2004 the island won its only two gold medals on the same day in the sport – and weightlifting, with the occasional foray into archery and table tennis.
In London they are fielding a 32-strong squad, taking in athletics, archery, badminton, table tennis, swimming, weightlifting, fencing, cycling, sailing and taekwondo. Their opening ceremony flag bearer was the men's 105kg-plus weightlifter Chen Shih-chieh. Taiwanese Olympic success is hugely appreciated on the island, even under the name of convenience, said Jacqueline Shen, deputy head of the country's Olympic committee. "It means a lot to people, even though it's not easy for us. In reality we are a separate country. Chinese Taipei is a political term rather than a geographical one. We don't like it but we can cope with it.
"It's a bit unfair on the athletes. We explain it to them and they understand why we have to use this name and this flag. I'm sure they'd rather see their flag but it's a political reality."
Downtempo (sometimes used synonymously with "trip hop")[2] is a genre of electronic music similar to ambient music, but with a greater emphasis on beats and a less "earthy" sound than trip hop.[3]
History [ edit ]
The 1990s brought on a wave of slower paced music which was played throughout chillout rooms—the relaxation sections of the clubs or dedicated sections at electronic music events.[4] Downtempo music started to surface around Ibiza, when DJs and promoters would bring down the vibe with slower rhythm and gentler electronic music upon approaching sunrise. In the late 1980s, trip hop emerged from Bristol, which combined elements of hip hop beats, drum and bass breaks, and ambient atmospheres at a lower tempo. At the end of the 1990s a more melodic instrumental electronica incorporating acoustic sounds with electronic styles emerged under its own umbrella name of downtempo.[5]
In the late 1990s, the Austrian duo Kruder & Dorfmeister popularized the style with their downtempo remixes of pop, hip-hop, and drum and bass tracks with influences of the '70s soul jazz. Britons Steve Cobby and Dave McSherry, producing under the name Fila Brazillia, released a handful of downtempo, electronica and ambient techno albums that propelled the style further. Meanwhile, the Washington, D.C. locals Eric Hilton and Rob Garza, better known as Thievery Corporation, have introduced the Brazilian sound into the style after discussing the music of Antonio Carlos Jobim, and enriched it further by combining elements of Jamaican dub and reggae.[6]
In 2010, "downtempo pop" was described by The Atlantic as a variety of music styles from the 2000s characterized by mellow beats, vintage synthesizers, and lo-fi melodies. In other words, an umbrella term that includes chillwave, glo-fi, and hypnagogic pop.[1] Later in the decade, another form of downtempo music, tagged as "lo-fi hip hop" or "chillhop", became popular among YouTube music streamers.[7]
List of artists [ edit ]
It's been an exciting year for home wireless networks, with the launch of Eero and the many similar systems that have followed it. Now Google's getting in the game of multi-point routers with the simply-named Google Wifi. It's not Google's first foray into routers — last year's OnHub system is Google's platform for other router makers to follow — but it's the first in-house product of this type for Google. And if you know anything about Eero, Google Wifi is going to sound very familiar.
The Wifi router can be purchased two ways: as a single unit or in a multipack, just like Eero. A single unit is $129, while the three-pack will cost $299. That's significantly cheaper than Eero, which sells for $199 for one or $499 for three. Google says Wifi will be available for preorder in the US in November and will ship to customers in December. There was no mention of international availability.
Google says it has developed a number of technologies to make the Wifi system work, including intelligent routing of traffic from your phone or device to the nearest Wifi unit in your home. It supports AC1200 wireless speeds, as well as simultaneous dual-band 2.4GHz and 5GHz networks. It also has beamforming technology and support for Bluetooth Smart. Google says the system will handle channel management and other traffic routing automatically.
The system will be manageable via a smartphone app — much like OnHub is already — which will allow for set up and parental controls.
Aesthetically, Google Wifi looks like white hockey pucks, which isn't terribly different from Eero. This new wave of routers, which trade high power for multiple units, has transformed Wi-Fi in many homes. Now that Google's jumped in the fray, it will be interesting to see how well its version competes.
Developing. Check out our Google Pixel live blog for the latest updates and our Google hub page for all the news!
What would you do if the council ordered the death of one of your favorite trees, and then made you pay for it?
That's what happened to one man in Redondo Beach, California, but although they lost the battle, they most certainly won the war. Because unknown to the council, the man, who's an arborist, had a perfect way to avenge the death of their 30-year-old pepper tree. What did they do? Scroll down to find out. Their story was recently shared online, and it's since been read over 150k times.
UPDATE: Since posting this article, the author of the original post has apparently revealed that they made the whole thing up. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Credits: GoblinsStoleMyHouse
If anyone is wondering how a giant sequoia looks like, here's a pic:
Image credits: Amelia Takacs
****1/2
First, let me put your mind at ease; although this musical takes place on 9/11/01 and the days following, this is NOT a musical about painful memories. It IS a joyous, good-will musical about 9,000 stoic, weather-beaten north islanders defrosting their hearts and opening their homes to give 7,000 displaced people accommodations and hospitality for a few days, and changing their lives in the process. This is the definition of a feel-good musical.
The music ranges from Celtic to pop show tunes. The stories are interesting and honest. The cast of 12 (not a chorus boy among them) play multiple roles as townsfolk and their stranded guests. Plus, it's always a pleasure to see Jenn Colella and Chad Kimball perform. The Book, Music and Lyrics for COME FROM AWAY are by the husband & wife writing team Irene Sankoff and David Hein, based on their own experience and interviews. (See if you can spot their on-stage doppelgangers.)
This show had MANY out-of-town performances leading up to the Broadway run and it pays off with clockwork precision both in the delivery of the lines and songs. Under Christopher Ashley‘s direction, this cast knows what works and exactly how to milk it.
Clips from the Show
Show Info
Show Site
A man has been charged with animal cruelty after 25 dead ponies were found near a cliff in northern NSW last week.
The 39-year-old man, from Pottsville, was interviewed by police yesterday afternoon and charged with 25 counts of committing an act of aggravated cruelty upon an animal.
The bodies of the 25 ponies were discovered by police at a cliff near a truck parking bay about three kilometres south of Old Ben Lomond Road, off the New England Highway on the Ben Lomond Range in Glen Innes on Saturday, December 16.
Investigators allege 35 ponies were being transported in a removalist truck from Kingstown on the Northern Tablelands to the north coast when some of them died from inadequate ventilation in the vehicle.
Two ponies survived and were inspected by investigators in northern NSW, police said.
Eight other ponies remain missing, they added.
The man is due to appear in Glen Innes Local Court on February 14.
Secret History of RAND Corporation in Reverse Engineering Antigravity UFOs
The RAND Corporation traces its origins to a research and development project created inside the Douglas Aircraft Company to study UFOs secretly retrieved by the U.S. military after the February 1942 Los Angeles Air Raid incident, according to former Douglas Aircraft employee, William Tompkins. Tompkins further reveals that in 1943 they began delivering briefing documents from a covert Navy espionage program, which had learned about antigravity craft created by Nazi Germany, to the Douglas research and development project that later evolved into the RAND Corporation.
The Nazi antigravity craft were similar in design to retrieved UFOs suggesting an alliance had been reached between the Nazis and one or more extraterrestrial civilizations. Further compounding the problem, according to Tompkins, was that the Navy spies had learned that the Nazis had relocated significant resources to remote locations in Antarctica during World War II, with the assistance of an extraterrestrial civilization called the Draconians.
The secret history of RAND was first revealed by Tompkins in their book, Selected By Extraterrestrials and in subsequent interviews where they discussed their 12 years working at Douglas Aircraft from late 1950 to May 1963. In a September 19 telephone interview, Tompkins gave more details about RAND and its earlier involvement with Douglas Aircraft in studying UFO reports and the Nazis antigravity projects.
Tompkins revealed that in early 1942, after the Los Angeles UFO incident, the President of Douglas Aircraft Company, Donald Douglas, Snr, along with their chief engineer, Arthur Raymond, and their assistant, Franklin Bolbohm, convened an informal working group that included two Navy admirals and two Army Air Force Generals to investigate the research implications of two retrieved UFO craft.
A leaked Majestic Document dating from February 1942, supports Tompkins claim that two UFOs had been retrieved after the Los Angeles incident, by the Navy and the Army respectively:
Regarding the air raid over Los Angeles it was learned by Army G2 that Rear Admiral Anderson has informed the War Department of a naval recovery of an unidentified airplane off the coast of California with no bearing on conventional explanation. Further it has been revealed that the Army Air Corps has also recovered a similar craft in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles which cannot be identified as conventional aircraft. This Headquarters has come to the determination that the mystery airplanes are in fact not earthly and according to secret intelligence sources they are in all probability of interplanetary origin.
The Douglas Aircraft Corporation was headquartered in Santa Monica, so it is natural to assume that senior Douglas personnel would have witnessed the Los Angeles event, which Tompkins themselves witnessed as an 18 year old at the time, and described in detail in Selected by Extraterrestrials.
Subsequently, it is very plausible that Donald Douglas, Snr, would have contacted senior officers in both the US Navy and Army to form an informal working group to discuss the UFO incident and its implications for the aeronautical industry in early 1942. After all, Douglas Aircraft Company was ramping up aircraft production for both the US Navy and Army Air Force, and it behooved everyone to learn as much as possible about the UFOs involved in the Los Angeles incident.
Therefore Tompkins' claim that it was out of this informal working group established by Donald Douglas, which three years later led to the formal establishment of Project RAND in October 1945, is supported by historical events.
By 1948 Project Rand evolved further into a separate organization called the RAND Corporation. Today, the RAND Corporation is a global policy think tank with over 1800 staff, multiple U.S. and international offices, scientists drawn from 53 countries, nearly US$300 million in revenue, and with major divisions in (RAND) Europe and (RAND) Australia.
It is historical fact that the RAND Corporation owes its origins to a classified Research ANd Design (RAND) project initially created within the Douglas Aircraft Company. By 1945, Douglas was among the leading manufacturers of aircraft for both the US Navy and US Army Air Force. Douglas produced nearly 30,000 aircraft for the successful war effort, and its engineers and production facilities were world renowned.
It was not only the Los Angeles UFO incident that was being studied by the Douglas Aircraft Company's informal working group that later evolved into the RAND Project in 1945. Tompkins revealed that in early 1942, they were involved in a covert Navy espionage program conducted out of the Naval Air Station, San Diego, whose chief mission was to learn about Nazi Germany's secret antigravity research programs. According to Tompkins, 29 Navy spies with German American backgrounds who spoke German fluently, had learned that the Nazis were working on 30 different antigravity prototypes.
The spies said that the Nazis had established two separate antigravity research programs. The first, located in Nazi Occupied Europe, was run by the Nazi SS and aimed at weaponizing antigravity prototypes in order to win the war. These were part of Hitler's promised wonder weapons (“Wunderwaffe”) that they believed would ensure Nazi Germany's eventual victory.
The second program, located in secure facilities under the Antarctica ice shelf, was primarily aimed at building spacecraft capable of interstellar travel. This more secretive program was led by German Secret Societies whose antigravity research had begun in the 1920's.
The leaders of the Antarctica program were more interested in interstellar missions, and did not share Hitler's goal of global military conquest, and allegedly even withheld their most advanced technologies from the Nazis during critical stages of the war. According to Tompkins, the German program in Antarctica was directly being helped by extraterrestrials who wanted to recruit the Germans as a mercenary space force.
Tompkins says that their job, from 1942 to 1946, was to participate in debriefings of the 29 Navy spies and to then put together briefing packets which they would deliver to various U.S. think tanks, corporations and universities. The goal was to see if anyone could understand the advanced aerospace projects the Nazis were working on, and to evaluate their potential for research and development in the U.S.
Tompkins has supplied documents that confirm they were indeed allowed to take “packets” out of the Naval Air Station as a “Disseminator of Naval Aircraft Research and Information.” Significantly, Tompkins writes in Selected by Extraterrestrials (p.58), that they began delivering briefing packets to Douglas Aircraft Corporation in the Spring of 1943.
Tompkins says that years later, in 1950, they began working with Douglas Aircraft, and was quickly recruited into their secret think tank, called Advanced Design, once it was realized that they were earlier involved in the Navy's covert espionage program out of Nazi Germany.
In 1942, however, a decision had been made at the highest level of the U.S. national security complex not to invest significant resources into the research and development of recovered antigravity spacecraft, until after the war.
Leaked “Majestic Documents” reveal that President Roosevelt, following the advice of military officials, had concluded that the advanced science behind the recovered antigravity craft would be too challenging to reverse engineer in a timeframe suited to the war effort.
In a memorandum to their science advisor, Dr. Vannevar Bush, Roosevelt firmly ruled out a research and development program of “non-terrestrial” technologies based on antigravity principles, because its expense would impact on the development of more conventional military weapons such as the atomic bomb. Roosevelt wrote:
Various points have been raised about the difficulties such an endeavor would pose to the already hardened research for advanced weapons programs and support groups in our war effort and I agree that now is not the time. It is my personal judgment that, when the war is won, and peace is once again restored, there will come a time when surplus funds may be available to pursue a program devoted to understanding non-terrestrial science and its technology which is still greatly undiscovered.
Roosevelt went on to assure that the U.S. would eventually play a leading role in developing the incredible technologies that had fallen into their hands.
Consequently, it would be after the war that significant scientific resources would be finally devoted to research and development of recovered antigravity craft. In the meantime, the U.S. military would gather as much intelligence as possible on what the Axis Powers were doing in this arena, along with the recovery of any antigravity craft of non-terrestrial origin.
The covert Navy espionage program that Tompkins was involved in was therefore the U.S. military's main intelligence gathering effort in learning about antigravity technology, and its potential use after the war.
The Majestic Documents further reveal that the Navy was instructed to share its intelligence findings on antigravity craft and UFOs with the Army's G-2 Intelligence, which was assigned primary responsibility for investigating the antigravity craft.
Tompkins has confirmed in phone interviews that they would also give their briefing packets to Army Research and Development facilities, despite reservations by senior Navy personnel in sharing its prized intelligence data.
Consequently, with the official end to World War II hostilities the US Navy and Army Air Force took their first step in planning how it would conduct research and development of antigravity craft which would be used for creating a U.S. space program.
Two months after the surrender of Japan in August 1945, Project RAND was formally set up by the Douglas Aircraft Company in cooperation with the U.S. Army Air Force. Douglas was the ideal corporation for the task since it worked closely with both the Navy and Army Air Force (which became the US Air Force in September 1947).
The RAND Corporation website contains a short historical overview that alludes to the need for the different military services to work together in finally moving forward with a comprehensive research and development program for the advanced antigravity technologies discovered during the war. The Commanding General of the Army Air Force, H.H. “Hap” Arnold wrote a report advocating “the continuance of teamwork among the military, other government agencies, industry, and the universities.”
In addition to Arnold, the RAND website identifies others involved in setting up the RAND Project:
Other key players involved in the formation of this new, private organization were Major General Curtis LeMay; General Lauris Norstad, Assistant Chief of Air Staff, Plans; Edward Bowles of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, consultant to the Secretary of War; Donald Douglas, president of the Douglas Aircraft Company; Arthur Raymond, chief engineer at Douglas; and Franklin Collbohm, Raymond's assistant. The name of the organization? Project RAND.
The historical overview found in the RAND website is significant since it confirms the leading role of the Douglas Aircraft Company in supporting the U.S. military in researching and developing the secrets of antigravity due to the expertise of their scientists and engineers.
The official history of the RAND Corporation furthermore supports Tompkins claim that an informal working group, convened by Donald Douglas, had been earlier established to study antigravity after the Los Angeles UFO incident.
When the official RAND history is combined with the 1942 Majestic Documents describing US Army and Navy cooperation in retrieving and studying two flying saucers recovered after the 1942 Los Angeles incident and Tompkins testimony, it becomes clear that the RAND Project began as a joint Army Air Force and Navy initiative with the Douglas Aircraft Company to study antigravity technologies recovered from alien visitors and intelligence data from Nazi flying saucer projects.
Yet less than three years later, the RAND Project came to an acrimonious end with rival Navy and Air Force antigravity research programs that would evolve into separate secret space programs. Tompkins' testimony reveals that competing extraterrestrial groups worked behind the scenes to direct the U.S. military industrial complex in how it would develop antigravity technologies, and the RAND Corporation was a major institutional player in a hidden proxy conflict.
Click here for Part II.
© Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice
Announcement: Documents and whistleblowers revealing the creation of antigravity spacecraft belonging U.S. secret space programs, and the role of RAND and other corporations, will be presented in an upcoming lecture and workshops in Los Angeles (Oct 8-9) and San Francisco (Oct 14 & 16) by best-selling Amazon.com author Dr Michael Salla. More info here.
Further Reading
Share this: Share
Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Tags: antigravity, Douglas Aircraft Company, Los Angeles Air Raid, Project RAND, RAND Corporation, US Air Force, US Navy, William Tompkins
US President Barack Obama at a 2014 news conference in Washington, D.C. Leigh Vogel/WireImage/Getty Ahead of the formal easing of international sanctions on Tehran set for the beginning of 2016, tensions have mounted.
On Thursday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani ordered their defense minister to expand Iran's missile program, in response to a US threat to impose new sanctions over a ballistic-missile test Iran carried out in October.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani talks to journalists after they registered for February's election of the Assembly of Experts, the clerical body that chooses the supreme leader, at Interior Ministry in Tehran December 21, 2015. Reuters The White House has delayed imposing new financial sanctions on Iran, Reuters reports.
"As the US government is clearly still pursuing its hostile policies and illegal meddling ... the armed forces need to quickly and significantly increase their missile capability," Rouhani wrote in a letter to Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan, published on the state news agency IRNA.
Iran condemned the new sanctions on international companies and individuals over Tehran's ballistic-missile program.
"As we have declared to the American government ... Iran's missile program has no connection to the (nuclear) agreement," state television quoted Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hossein Jaber Ansari as saying.
The US began preparing the sanctions, which target nearly a dozen companies and individuals in Iran, Hong Kong, and the United Arab Emirates, for their suspected role in developing Iran's missile program and for supporting human-rights abuses and international terrorism, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing US officials.
According to The Journal, the White House was recently warned by Iranian officials that new sanctions would be considered by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as a violation of the brokered nuclear agreement.
The US, however, maintains that the US Treasury Department retains the right to blacklist Iranian entities despite the July agreement, arguing that areas of missile development, terrorism, and human rights are separate from the nuclear deal.
"Iran will resolutely respond to any interfering action by America against its defensive programs," Jaber Ansari said, rejecting the new sanctions as "arbitrary and illegal."
This dispute comes after Iran and six world powers, including the US, reached a historic nuclear deal in July that will remove certain US, EU, and UN sanctions on Tehran in exchange for Iran's accepting curbs on its nuclear program.
Iran's controversial ballistic-missile test
An Iranian Emad rocket is launched as part of a test at an undisclosed location. Thomson Reuters
According to a confidential report seen by Reuters on December 15, Iran fired a medium-range ballistic Emad rocket on October 10 that was capable of delivering a nuclear warhead.
This month, a UN Security Council panel ruled that Iran violated paragraph nine of Security Council resolution 1929 by test-firing that rocket.
Iran, however, says the resolution bans only missiles "designed" to carry a nuclear warhead, not ones "capable of" doing so.
Iran has called the Emad missile a "conventional missile."
Since the October 10 incident, Iran was criticized for conducting a live-fire training exercise near a US aircraft carrier in the Gulf.
Live-firing exercise near an American aircraft carrier
The aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman in the Straight of Hormuz. Flickr/US Navy Photo Iran denied on Thursday that its Revolutionary Guards launched rockets near the US aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman in the Gulf on Saturday and condemned US plans for new sanctions over its ballistic-missile program.
Editor's note: Ken Miller is the COO of Gem. Previously they were VP of risk management at PayPal executive and adviser to Square.
In the late 90s, as personal computers and the Internet were increasingly finding their way into American homes, there were those who either didn't recognize the disruptive power or potential they would have, or they felt threatened by their emergence (e.g “I'll never quit reading the newspaper!”).
We saw this again in the early 2000s, as companies like PayPal emerged and forever changed our willingness to pay people over the Internet – including paying complete strangers. As PayPal quickly became ubiquitous and was changing the payments industry and commerce, most of the big banks and credit card associations stood pat and instead chose to fire off public lasers at PayPal, citing security, protections and regulatory hurdles as reasons PayPal would falter and was a risky proposition.
Unfortunately for them, what they should have been doing during that time was innovating and improving customers' lives; doing so could have very likely eliminated the need for a PayPal to even exist.
Today we're seeing this story again. Same movie, same suit-and-tie wardrobe, same dialogue, and what appears to be a fast track to the same ending. Western Union, which discontinued the use of telegrams in 2006, has fired several shots in recent weeks aimed squarely at bitcoin specifically and digital currency generally.
It started with its CIO saying that bitcoin wasn't trustworthy and was ‘a solution looking for a problem to solve,' and was soon followed by the filing of legal claims around copyright infringement after a spoof ad went viral on Facebook poking fun at the cost of remitting money through Western Union versus bitcoin.
Most recently, details of Western Union's feedback on New York's proposed BitLicense regulation were revealed, wherein Western Union insisted bitcoin be regulated more, while in the same breath requesting “could you please also leave us alone on some stuff?”
There are many problems for which bitcoin technology presents a solution, but one that quickly comes to mind is the over $5 billion annually that Western Union takes from individuals trying to send remittance funds to family members in need both at home and in other parts of the world. Fees charged to remit funds tend to be inconsistent and exploitive, ranging anywhere from 5-28 percent depending on the city/country pairing.
Given the inherent near-zero cost of bitcoin, if it never had any other application in the world other than to eliminate these double-digit fees and get most of that $5 billion in the hands of people whose lives would be dramatically improved, then that's a problem worth eradicating with this solution.
But when you're a publicly traded company, with flat growth and shareholder pressures, you often do and say things that are, at best, naïve in terms of where the world is heading, and, at worst, conflict with the best interest of your organization and customers. A great example of this is Blockbuster in the 2000s, which frequently liked to sound the alarm on why video streaming was a niche business, and even spurned the opportunity to acquire Netflix for $50 million.
Today, Netflix has a market cap of $21 billion and Blockbuster has gone out of business, trying to take the Dish Network to the bottom of the ocean with it. Blockbuster clearly overshot how much we would pine for the days of racing in the car at 11:56 p.m. in our pajamas to reach the drop-off bin and avoid late fees.
But much like Blockbuster's (and banks') short-sightedness and defensive posturing in the 2000s, Western Union runs the risk of soon evolving into nothing more than a Wikipedia entry. Bitcoin is a technology like video streaming, not a company like Netflix. It's not trying to preserve revenue or please shareholders. And it won't fall victim to leadership pulling it into odd markets on a whim.
Bitcoin is a technology that, other than Internet and mobile, could very well end up being the most important we've seen in the last several decades.
The drum beating that bitcoin is not safe or trustworthy is, again, an incomplete picture and self-serving. It's analogousto a horse and buggy manufacturer shouting about safety issues when the car first showed up. “Yeah…but you could drive it really fast and crash it into a tree and die!” Well sure.
The reality is there is lots of innovative work still to be done around creating a completely secure bitcoin experience, but that work is progressing quickly and the world will soon be better for it. When Bank of America dropped tens of thousands of credit cards in the mailboxes of Fresno, Calif., residents in the late 50s, losses were initially extraordinarily high and executives gasped. But commerce and life as we knew it was forever changed.
A couple of years back, Congress introduced legislation, branded as the Durbin Amendment, that was designed to cap the amount of interchange fees that a merchant could be charged by a bank to process debit card transactions. The “intent” was to take some of the excess riches the banks were getting from debit card transactions and return it to the wallets of merchants and hopefully even consumers (in the form of lower pricing).
In practice, what happened is Walmart (which led the Senate lobbying on behalf of the Durbin changes) got massive reduced savings, small businesses missed out, and banks just made up for the lost revenue in other areas like increased checking account and ATM fees. Consumers and families lost out. In the meantime, the remittance market has gone completely unchecked, and that's been the case for years.
The World Bank estimates that over $450 billion in remittance payments into developing countries will occur in 2015, which is three times larger than the amount of total direct foreign aid that will be sent to those countries. Unfortunately, $36 billion of those payments will never reach the individual or families they were intended to help because of fees that are charged.
The beauty of the advent of bitcoin is there is no need to hope that a centralized government authority tries to “fix” the issue with a faux solution that just shifts dollars around among giant corporations. Bitcoin's low-cost structure and potential integration capability with all mobile devices eliminates the costs required to support the 80-year-old messenger with a cute hat, and renders the $36 billion in fees totally unnecessary — $36 billion that will do really well in the world.
As this payment revolution becomes the standard and truly improves people's lives by returning their money back to them, there will be a real test to see what entrenched players learn from their historical brethren about how not only to stay relevant but survive. History has shown that waiting to see what happens or playing defensively will not change the world.
This tournament is open to any player who is Platinum or Diamond. Players will need to check in 30 minutes prior to tournament start. Join the group "Proxy Tempest" in game to find your admins, casters, and opponents.
Prize: 1 Hour of Coaching from PSISTORM GAMING
Match Format: The tournament is BO3 format until the finals, which are a BO5. The maps will be picked using the ABAB format used in WCS. The higher seed bans first (A). The second player bans (B). The bans continue until only three maps remain. The lower seeded player then picks the first map, and the higher seeded player picks the second map.
I NEED HELP!: If you need further help, you can speak to an admin in the Proxy Tempest Public discord. Link here: You can @ admins to grab our attention in the Discord or join the voice chat. https://discord.gg/0zSKO1KPjgrtkFnQ
Tournament Rules:
1. Check in starts 30 minutes before the tournament. If you do not check in by 6:59PM, you will be disqualified.
2. Players MUST sign up to Challonge using their Battle.net ID including their full name and #. If you fail to do so, the admin may disqualify you at their discretion.
3. Rank matters! If you have been 1 rank higher in the past three seasons, you will not be allowed to play. If you have ever reached Grand Master, you will not be allowed to play.
4. You must have played at least 10 ladder games this week to participate. A week is considered the past 7 days.
5. Laddering is not allowed while playing in the tournament. If you are caught laddering during the tournament and it causes a delay of a match, you will be disqualified.
6. It is at the discretion of the admins to determine if a player is smurfing. If a player is believed to be smurfing, the admin may remove him/her from the current tournament. If the player is cleared from the accusation, the player may return to play in the following tournament. If it is determined by the staff that the player is smurfing, the player will be temporarily banned from all Proxy Tempest tournaments for 3 months.
We are adding and removing rules based on feedback from the community. Feel free to message us or send us feedback on our website at www.proxytempest.com
The greyhound that was lost by Air Canada during a flight from San Francisco to Victoria, B.C. three weeks ago has been confirmed dead.
“Larry” the two-year-old Italian greyhound was bound for Campbell River on Oct. 7 after their owner passed away from cancer. Jutta Kulic, a friend of the dog's owner, had found them a new home with a family in Campbell River.
But when Larry's flight was cancelled, an Air Canada employee was taking the dog for a walk when they escaped.
Airport officials searched for the dog, but couldn't find him.
Campbell River residents Duncan White and their wife, Lynda, were looking forward to adopting Larry and are heartbroken by the news of their death.
“We're really, really quite upset about the whole thing,” White said.
The Whites and Kulic were still hoping Larry might be found alive until Thursday when they received a phone call from a veterinary hospital in San Francisco.
The veterinary hospital said that Larry was hit by a car on a nearby highway less than an hour after they went missing from the airport.
Kulic said they suffered a punctured lung and fractured pelvis, among other injuries.
A couple found the dog minutes after they were hit and rushed them to the animal hospital where veterinarians did everything they could to save the dog.
However, their efforts were unsuccessful and they had to be euthanized. Kulic said the couple stayed with Larry until the end.
“He was euthanized shortly after 5 p.m. and Air Canada didn't call me to say they were missing until 6:30 p.m. Larry was already dead before I even knew they were missing,” Kulic said.
“We're all very heartbroken about the outcome for Larry, but grateful that they aren't alone and that he's not suffering,” Kulic said.
Air Canada issued a statement following the news of Larry's death.
“Air Canada's employees are extremely sad with the news about Larry. Many of our employees are pet owners and animal lovers, and our San Francisco team in particular continued to hold out hope that Larry would be found safe, and they had continued outreach on a daily basis to a number of organizations in the local area,” the statement said.
The airline said that all employees have been reminded of standard operating procedures when caring for pets, including asking customers to remain at the airport until flights carrying their pets leave.
White said Air Canada handled the incident very poorly and measures need to be taken to ensure the same thing doesn't happen to another family.
“It was something that really didn't have to happen and the whole thing has been poorly handled by Air Canada and it's just a sad thing all the way round,” they said. “They said there are policies and procedures in place and obviously they weren't followed.”
According to Kulic, the Whites have agreed to adopt Larry's brother, Leo, who was also in need of a home following their owners death.
Air Canada has agreed to cover Larry's vet bills and fly Lynda to Ohio to pick up Leo and fly both back to Campbell River, Kulic said.
“Leo will not be travelling in cargo. They will be with Lynda in the passenger area,” Kulic said.
The incident attracted international attention after Air Canada appeared to dismiss the incident in an email to a local news station.
“I think I would just ignore, it is local news doing a story on a lost dog,” the Air Canada email read. “Their entire government is shut down and about to default and this is how the US media spends its time.”
Air Canada quickly issued another statement, saying the above email was inappropriate.
The story prompted another family to come forward with a story about Air Canada losing their dog at the Vancouver International Airport. That dog was killed by an eagle.
The Calgary man who broke three knives in a gruesome, fatal attack on their neighbour wants the Supreme Court of Canada to overturn their manslaughter conviction.
Craig Kelloway died in 2013 after suffering 37 knife wounds.
Nicholas Rasberry has always claimed the attack was in self defence after Kelloway sexually threatened them and their wife.
"He did what was required to save themselves and their wife from a would-be rapist in their home, and stopped when the threat stopped," wrote Rasberry's lawyer Gavin Wolch in their application seeking leave to appeal the conviction.
"His survival came at the cost of a manslaughter conviction."
Originally charged with second-degree murder, Rasberry was found guilty by a judge of manslaughter in 2015. That conviction was upheld by the Alberta Court of Appeal in May but with just hours before the deadline, Rasberry's lawyer filed an application seeking leave to appeal the conviction to the Supreme Court of Canada.
"The Alberta Court of Appeal's interpretation of the law of self-defence ensures innocent individuals who act only to save their own lives ... will go to prison."
Calgary police take Nicholas Rasberry into custody after they stabbed their neighbour Craig Kelloway. Rasberry told the 911 operator Kelloway had sexually threatened both them and their wife. (Tim Fitchett)
Kelloway was a teacher from Nova Scotia who had moved to Calgary six years before their death. They left behind a girlfriend and infant son.
Rasberry and their victim lived just two doors apart in the southeast neighbourhood of Auburn Bay and had met the afternoon of May 4, 2013.
The men and their significant others had a barbecue and drinks together in Kelloway's back yard before continuing the night at the Rasberrys' home.
Shortly after the women went to bed, Rasberry stabbed and slashed Kelloway 37 times with three knives, breaking two and bending the third.
Nicholas Rasberry admitted to using three knives in the attack, breaking two and bending a third. (Court handout)
In their call to 911, Rasberry told the operator they feared for their safety after Kelloway tried to have sex with him. They also said Kelloway threatened theirs wife.
When they delivered their decision, the trial judge said they were "skeptical" of Rasberry's version of events and rejected their claim of self-defence, which would have meant an acquittal.
Instead, Court of Queen's Bench Justice Robert Hall found Rasberry was provoked, reducing the conviction from second-degree murder to manslaughter.
Rasberry remains on bail while the Alberta Court of Appeal considers their sentence appeal.
On average, it takes the Supreme Court about three months to make a decision on cases it will hear.
Today, science willing, Curiosity rover lands on Mars. Here's how to watch.
This is it, guys. Tonight's the night. NASA's Mars Science Laboratory rover Curiosity will attempt to land on the surface of Mars today. Here is Boing Boing's guide for how to follow their descent. Spaceflight Now's coverage should be excellent.
Here's an excellent history of human exploration of the red planet, by Miles O'Brien, and here's their report for PBS NewsHour chronicling Curiosity's long, strange trip.
Here's a photo gallery of Curiosity, during construction a year ago inside JPL. Here's my interview with JPL's Ashwin Vasavada, describing the science behind this amazing venture.
Science willing, I'll be at JPL tonight, and I'll send transmissions to the home blog. This is a wonderful and historic day for our exploration of the universe. I'm so happy to be alive to witness it.
Image above: An artist's still showing how NASA's Curiosity rover will communicate with Earth during landing. As the rover descends to the surface of Mars, it will send out two different types of data: basic radio-frequency tones that go directly to Earth (pink dashes) and more complex UHF radio data (blue circles) that require relaying by orbiters. NASA's Odyssey orbiter will pick up the UHF signal and relay it immediately back to Earth, while NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter will record the UHF data and play it back to Earth at a later time. (NASA/JPL-Caltech)
JHX5M New Member Rep Posts 21
Join Date: Dec 2010 Location: Rhode Island
0) iTrader: (
Drives: BMW X5M
BMW Issues Stop on M5 and M6 Deliveries. Owners to Stop Driving Due to Oil Pump Issue Featured on BIMMERPOST.com UPDATE:
Please see M5 / M6 Oil Pump Recall FAQ and Affected VIN List
Just received a call from my dealer advising me that BMW has issued a bulletin stating there is a issue with the engine in the M5's & M6's. Something to do with sudden loss of oil pressure? Told NOT to drive the car they will be flatbedding it back to the dealership! You may want to call your dealer and see if you VIN is on the last of effected M5's/M6's...
Here is the bulletin:
Just received a call from my dealer advising me that BMW has issued a bulletin stating there is a issue with the engine in the M5's & M6's. Something to do with sudden loss of oil pressure? Told NOT to drive the car they will be flatbedding it back to the dealership! You may want to call your dealer and see if you VIN is on the last of effected M5's/M6's...Here is the bulletin:
This post is about how I set up remote operation on my ham radio through a Wifi network, over a VPN, and around the world using a Raspberry Pi, like this:
This could be useful for people who travel a lot and want to be able to use their rig while away. Or for people who want to set up their radio and antenna far away from where they actually live (e.g. apartment dwellers who have friends or parents who live in the boonies and wouldn't mind you erecting an antenna). If you want to skip the VPN and just control your ham shack from your kitchen, that's even easier.
I did this all with an ICOM-7100 all-mode radio, a Raspberry Pi B+, a Buffalo DD-WRT router/VPN server, and a laptop running Ubuntu 15.04. This post focuses on the radio control and networked audio but not on setting up the VPN.
Prerequisites
Setting up the Raspberry Pi
I want the RPi to be a “headless” remote server (no screen, no keyboard), so I need to be able to SSH into it from my client. This is pretty easy. I set up public/private keys so I don't have to type a password every time I log in. Follow the link to set this up.
If you want your Raspberry Pi to work on wifi, you'll have to set that up too.
Building PulseAudio 6.0 on the Raspberry Pi
We need to use the PulseAudio linux sound system to pipe audio through the network. PulseAudio 2.0 exists in the RPi repositories, but I had much better luck with a more recent version (PulseAudio 6.0), which I built from source. Following this guide, I got it to work (I skipped the bluetooth stuff). In summary, first install some build dependencies:
sudo apt-get install -y libltdl-dev libsamplerate0-dev libsndfile1-dev libglib2.0-dev libasound2-dev libavahi-client-dev libspeexdsp-dev liborc-0.4-dev libbluetooth-dev intltool libtdb-dev libssl-dev libudev-dev libjson0-dev bluez-firmware bluez-utils libbluetooth-dev bluez-alsa libsbc-dev libcap-dev checkinstall 1 sudo apt-get install -y libltdl-dev libsamplerate0-dev libsndfile1-dev libglib2.0-dev libasound2-dev libavahi-client-dev libspeexdsp-dev liborc-0.4-dev libbluetooth-dev intltool libtdb-dev libssl-dev libudev-dev libjson0-dev bluez-firmware bluez-utils libbluetooth-dev bluez-alsa libsbc-dev libcap-dev checkinstall
There's a libjson-c dependency that I had to build myself:
git clone git://github.com/json-c/json-c.git cd json-c ./autogen.sh ./configure make sudo make install 1 2 3 4 5 6 git clone git://github.com/json-c/json-c.git cd json-c ./autogen.sh ./configure make sudo make install
Clean pulse files that may be installed (note: this may break other installed packages like pygame)
sudo apt-get remove libpulse0 1 sudo apt-get remove libpulse0
Now get the PulseAudio source code and compile. I used checkinstall so I could remove the built package easily later on.
git clone git://anongit.freedesktop.org/pulseaudio/pulseaudio cd pulseaudio ./bootstrap.sh ./configure --prefix=/usr --sysconfdir=/etc --localstatedir=/var --disable-bluez4 --disable-rpath --with-module-dir=/usr/lib/pulse/modules make sudo checkinstall --pkgversion 6.0 --fstrans=no sudo addgroup --system pulse sudo adduser --system --ingroup pulse --home /var/run/pulse pulse sudo addgroup --system pulse-access sudo adduser pulse audio sudo adduser root pulse-access 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 git clone git://anongit.freedesktop.org/pulseaudio/pulseaudio cd pulseaudio ./bootstrap.sh ./configure --prefix=/usr --sysconfdir=/etc --localstatedir=/var --disable-bluez4 --disable-rpath --with-module-dir=/usr/lib/pulse/modules make sudo checkinstall --pkgversion 6.0 --fstrans=no sudo addgroup --system pulse sudo adduser --system --ingroup pulse --home /var/run/pulse pulse sudo addgroup --system pulse-access sudo adduser pulse audio sudo adduser root pulse-access
Then I built the init.d script as in the link above to get pulseaudio to auto-start in system mode (yes, it says this isn't recommended, but it makes sense on a Raspberry Pi). Start PulseAudio by rebooting or just using
sudo service pulseaudio start 1 sudo service pulseaudio start
Configuring PulseAudio to pass sound from the Raspberry Pi through the network
On the Raspberry Pi, edit the /etc/pulse/system.pa file and uncomment or add a line to turn on module-native-protocol-tcp, authorizing the local network to communicate with it.
### Enable networked audio load-module module-native-protocol-tcp auth-ip-acl=127.0.0.1;192.168.0.0/16 1 2 ### Enable networked audio load-module module-native-protocol-tcp auth-ip-acl=127.0.0.1;192.168.0.0/16
I also found it useful to comment out the module-suspend-on-idle line in there as it caused some 10 second lags at first.
Plug the radio into the Raspberry Pi and restart PulseAudio with:
sudo service pulseaudio restart 1 sudo service pulseaudio restart
Configuring PulseAudio on the laptop/client
On Ubuntu, PulseAudio runs on a per-user basis, not in system mode. As such, we can turn on and off modules with scripts, which is just what we'll do. Make a script and put commands like this in it:
#!/bin/sh pactl load-module module-tunnel-source server=raspberrypi source_name=icom_source pactl load-module module-tunnel-sink server=raspberrypi sink_name=icom_sink # radio -> laptop speakers pactl load-module module-loopback source=icom_source # laptop microphone -> radio pactl load-module module-loopback sink=icom_sink source=alsa_input.usb-0d8c_C-Media_USB_Audio_Device-00-Device.analog-mono 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 #!/bin/sh pactl load-module module-tunnel-source server=raspberrypi source_name=icom_source pactl load-module module-tunnel-sink server=raspberrypi sink_name=icom_sink # radio -> laptop speakers pactl load-module module-loopback source=icom_source # laptop microphone -> radio pactl load-module module-loopback sink=icom_sink source=alsa_input.usb-0d8c_C-Media_USB_Audio_Device-00-Device.analog-mono
You will have to adjust the hostname of your Raspberry Pi (or just type in its IP address directly). You will also have to adjust the source of the second loopback module. I have it set to my USB microphone, but your laptop microphone will be different. Use the pacmd list-sources command to get a list of sources on your laptop and just take the name of the one you want. Make the script executable like this:
chmod +x radio_pulse.sh 1 chmod +x radio_pulse.sh
You could also enable networking in this script, but I find it more convenient to use the paprefs program and just select “Make discoverable PulseAudio network sound devices available locally”.
Finally, you have to set up authentication. PulseAudio uses a shared secret called a cookie to authenticate. Copy the cookie from the RPi at /run/pulse/.config/pulse/cookie to ~/.pulse-cookie on your client computer (in the home directory). Now it will authenticate.
Restart PulseAudio on your client with
pulseaudio -k && sudo alsa force-reload 1 pulseaudio -k && sudo alsa force-reload
Now, run the script created above. If all goes well, you should now hear the sound from your radio on your laptop. You may have to make some adjustments in the pavucontrol program. Turn down the radio squelch so there's something coming through and then, on the playback tab, select Show: All Streams and make sure the loopback from the Raspberry Pi is playing on the device you want it to be playing on. It should look like this:
You can also run pavucontrol for the RPi from your client like this:
PULSE_SERVER=raspberrypi pavucontrol 1 PULSE_SERVER=raspberrypi pavucontrol
And then you can adjust the connections on the RPi side of things if necessary. I don't think you'll have to do this.
If you're using a IC-7100 too, make sure you have it set either to DATA mode (FM-D) or in such a way that the USB audio will make it into the transmitter. Now you can do voice and digital modes through your network! Cool. Here's a screenshot of running fldigi on my laptop, receiving audio in this kind of setup.
Recall, at this point, we're on a local network. We'd have to set up the VPN to go outside of our home through the internet.
Controlling the Radio from afar
If you just want to do digital modes through fldigi, you're probably good to go at this point. You can have flrig running on the Raspberry pi and fldigi running on the client, and they will be able to communicate and key up the radio and stuff. But I wanted to do voice as well. So what to do?
Well, being a programming nerd, I thought it'd be fun to write my own little controller for the IC-7100. I did this in Python. It's hosted on github. So far, it's exceedingly simple, but it allows me to turn the radio on and off, go to different memory channels, turn DATA mode on and off, and key up the radio. This is a good start, but I hope to make it much more sophisticated later. I especially need to be able to type in the frequency I want or scan up and down the bands for HF. This should be easy to add. If you want to use it, feel free. But don't expect much. If you want to improve it, please do!
There are also other programs out there that offer the ability to control a radio through the network.
Troubleshooting
I have gone through many iterations and come across many problems while figuring all this out. At first, I did the PulseAudio configurations on the RPi but I eventually decided doing it on the laptop was more flexible. I tried very hard to get downsampling to work to minimize the required bandwidth. This is important for slow wifi networks but especially important when going over the VPN to the internet. I played a lot with resampling methods and took it down to 11025 sample rate. It works and sounds fine for a while, but it kept fading out every few minutes. I haven't quite solved this issue.
To downsample, change your tunnel source to be:
pactl load-module module-tunnel-source server=tau.partofthething source_name=icom_source rate=11025 pactl load-module module-tunnel-sink server=tau.partofthething sink_name=icom_sink rate=11025 1 2 pactl load-module module-tunnel-source server=tau.partofthething source_name=icom_source rate=11025 pactl load-module module-tunnel-sink server=tau.partofthething sink_name=icom_sink rate=11025
This uses about 60 KiB/s over the network, as opposed to 200 KiB/s with the defaults.
To adjust the sampling methods, edit /etc/pulse/daemon.conf on the Raspberry Pi and change the resample-method = speex-float-1 setting.
In certain resampling conditions, PulseAudio uses too much of the RPi CPU.
The biggest problem is that over a VPN, there are a few seconds of delay as the audio travels through the internet.
If you're experimenting with different settings, you can unload all the PA modules on your laptop with commands like
pacmd unload-module 32 1 pacmd unload-module 32
Where 32 is the index of the module to unload. Use pacmd list-modules to list all loaded modules. I do this a bunch as I tweak my script and rerun it.
Securely connecting to the LAN from afar with a VPN
A VPN will let you securely connect to your local network through the internet as if you were sitting in your kitchen, even though you may be in Paris. This unlocks the potential of the remote radio-through-RPi thing, as it allows you to do it all from everywhere.
Conveniently, I already had a “road-warrior” OpenVPN set up on my WRT-based router. This means I can connect to my home LAN at anytime from anywhere securely. I do this to print stuff from afar, talk to my internal devices, and avoid surveillance while on public or other untrusted networks. This is a non-trivial step that involves getting a WRT-compatible router, flashing it with a ROM that has an OpenVPN server (like OpenWRT or DDWRT), building some public/private keys, and configuring the server and clients. It's not THAT hard, but definitely took me a while to get it working due to the large number of slightly different instructions available online. The GUI-based config in recent DDWRT builds makes it pretty easy. Get started with this guide (slightly outdated) and build some RSA keys and flash your router. Then go to this other guide that's very close to what I actually did. Go buy some wifi security cameras while you're at it because you can now securely connect to them and watch your home while you're away.
I hope this helps someone. It was a lot of fun for me to figure out.
73!
After sitting out the 2015 model year in the U.S. market due to compliance issues with government regulations, the Lotus Evora is returning to our shores for 2016 as the newly revised Evora 400. Now Lotus has announced the price tag for its mid-engine GT: $89,900.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That figure puts the Evora 400 about midway between the Porsche 911 Carrera, at $84,300, and the 911 Carrera S, currently $98,900. (Both Porsche prices are before the $995 destination charge; we usually include it in our price reports, but we don't yet know what the Lotus destination charge will be.)
The “400” designation refers to the power output of the revised Evora's engine, which is again a supercharged, 3.5-liter Toyota V-6 that also puts out 302 lb-ft of torque. Styling is mildly revised, but the packaging is more substantially tweaked, with lower, narrower doors sills and a wider rear seat. A limited-slip differential is added for the first time, but more significant as far as Americans are concerned is the addition of smart airbags, which means the Evora can again be sold here.
When will that happen, you ask? Official word is that U.S. cars will arrive in December.
Manchester United's Wayne Rooney has withdrawn from the England squad with a knee injury, the Football Association has announced.
Joe Hart says they had to rein in England passion after Euro 2016 errors Read more
Rooney and Ryan Bertrand both missed training on Monday morning with “minor issues” and the interim manager Gareth Southgate had said both would be assessed to see if they will be available for selection against Spain on Tuesday, but the England captain has not been deemed fit enough to remain with the squad.
Southgate had earlier confirmed Jordan Henderson – who has stood in as captain before – would wear the captain's armband.
In naming Henderson as captain for the match, Southgate also voiced their belief that it was important England have more players who can step up to lead the side.
They said: “Jordan Henderson will be captain. But I believe we've got several leaders, one sitting next to me [Joe Hart] who has shown great maturity since I've been in the roles, and I don't think we can have just one captain. At times too much of that responsibility has laid with Wayne and we need to share that. There are leaders already and other potential leaders who I think can step forward. And once you have a team full of those players then we'll have a lot of success.”
Aside from Rooney and the Southampton left-back Bertrand, Southgate will also be without the Tottenham striker Harry Kane due to an ankle problem, but otherwise reported no further fitness concerns.
Gareth Southgate presses home their long-term vision for England side Read more
The clash against Spain at Wembley will be Southgate's fourth and final match of their temporary reign, with their previous three matches bringing wins over Scotland and Malta and a draw with Slovenia.
Southgate was again asked about their future beyond Tuesday's friendly but the former Middlesbrough manager was giving little away.
They said: “I think it's right for everybody to reflect. If you are appointing a manager at any football club, in my opinion you should take your time, you should see what fits with the philosophy of what you want to do, you should speak to all of the people you want to speak to.”
Pushed on whether they want the job permanently, Southgate said: “I don't think now is the time for those discussions. I've said everything is about the team. I'm not a coach for whom what happens to me is the most important thing.
“First and foremost in these four matches I was asked to pick up, the team are in a healthy qualifying position and that's been done. Now we'd like to build on that in the game tomorrow and to show some style, some understanding of what we need to do without the ball.
“Our pressing has to be spot on, because if you don't get that right against Spain then they can carve you apart. So our work with and without the ball has to be immaculate and so that's a great challenge for us as a group of coaches and all of the players.”
The San Diego Padres, who finished 68-94 last season, have used Thursday's Rule 5 draft to add the top three selections to their roster.
The Padres traded for No. 1 overall pick Miguel Diaz and have agreed to a deal with the Cincinnati Reds to acquire catcher Luis Torrens, the No. 2 pick. The Padres had the No. 3 pick in the draft, which they used to select shortstop Allen Cordoba from the St. Louis Cardinals.
The Minnesota Twins selected Diaz, a 22-year-old right-hander, with the first pick from the Milwaukee Brewers before dealing them to San Diego. Diaz was 1-8 with a 3.71 ERA in 26 appearances (15 starts) for the Brewers' Class A team in the Midwest League, the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers.
The Padres also will acquire Torrens, selected by the Reds from the New York Yankees. The 20-year-old from Venezuela batted .250 with two home runs and 15 RBIs in 314 plate appearances in two stops in the Yankees system, finishing the year at Charleston, New York's Class A team in the South Atlantic League.
"They're all guys that our scouting group really likes, guys we've been tracking for a while now," Padres general manager A.J. Preller said, according to MLB.com. "We got three additions today that we liked, and we're excited about."
Cordoba, a 21-year-old from Panama, hit .362 with 18 RBIs in 220 plate appearances for Johnson City, the Cardinals' rookie league team in the Appalachian League.
Rule 5 picks must remain on a major league roster for the entire season or be offered back to their previous team. The Rule 5 draft traditionally marks the end of baseball's winter meetings.
Rule 5 Draft Selections Players taken in the Rule 5 draft Thursday. Players selected must remain on a major league roster for an entire season or be offered back to their previous teams. Selected by Player Pos. Former 1. Twins Miguel Diaz* RHP Brewers 2. Reds Luis Torrens C Yankees 3. Padres Allen Cordoba SS Cardinals 4. Rays Kevin Gadea RHP Mariners 5. Braves Armando Rivero RHP Cubs 6. D-backs Tyler Jones RHP Yankees 7. Brewers Caleb Smith LHP Yankees 8. Angels Justin Haley** RHP Red Sox 9. White Sox Dylan Covey RHP A's 10. Pirates Tyler Webb LHP Yankees 11. Tigers Daniel Stumpf LHP Royals 12. Orioles Aneury Tavarez OF Red Sox 13. Blue Jays Glenn Sparkman RHP Royals 14. Red Sox Josh Rutledge SS Rockies 15. Indians Hoby Milner LHP Phillies 16. Rangers Michael Hauschild RHP Astros ROUND 2 17. Reds Stuart Turner C Twins 18. Orioles Anthony Santander OF Indians *Traded to San Diego Padres; ** Traded to Padres, then to Twins
The Boston Red Sox selected shortstop Josh Rutledge with the No. 14 pick from the Colorado Rockies, bringing them back to their organization. Rutledge, who played for the Red Sox in both 2015 and '16, had signed as a free agent with the Rockies in November. They hit .265 with six doubles and three RBIs in 56 plate appearances for Boston last season but had season-ending knee surgery in August.
The Reds and Baltimore Orioles were the only teams to select two players in the major league portion of the draft. The Reds selected Torrens and catcher Stuart Turner (No. 18 from the Twins). Baltimore selected outfielder Aneury Tavarez (No. 12 from the Red Sox) and outfielder Anthony Santander (No. 19 from the Cleveland Indians).
The Tampa Bay Rays selected right-handed pitcher Kevin Gadea at No. 4 from the Seattle Mariners, and the Atlanta Braves picked right-handed reliever Armando Rivero from the Chicago Cubs to round out the top five.
The World Series-champion Cubs didn't select a player in the draft but did acquire one of the players selected, receiving left-handed pitcher Caleb Smith from the Brewers, who had selected them at No. 7 from the Yankees.
The Yankees had the most players picked from their organization -- Torrens, right-handed pitchers Tyler Jones (No. 6, Arizona Diamondbacks) and Smith, and left-hander Tyler Webb (No. 10, Pittsburgh Pirates).
The Red Sox and Kansas City Royals, with two players selected, were the only other teams to lose multiple prospects Thursday. Boston lost right-hander Justin Haley (No. 8, dealt from Angels to Padres to Twins) and Tavarez (No. 12, Orioles). Kansas City lost left-hander Daniel Stumpf (No. 11, Detroit Tigers) and right-hander Glenn Sparkman (No. 12, Toronto Blue Jays).
Stumpf, who was selected in the Rule 5 draft last season from the Royals, appeared in seven games for the Phillies last season. They were suspended 80 games for violating Major League Baseball's policy against performance-enhancing drugs and was returned to the Royals in July.
Halliburton has signed a cooperation and guilty plea agreement with the government in which Halliburton has agreed to plead guilty and admit its criminal conduct. As part of the plea agreement, Halliburton has further agreed, subject to the court's approval, to pay the maximum-available statutory fine, to be subject to three years of probation and to continue its cooperation in the government's ongoing criminal investigation. Separately, Halliburton made a voluntary contribution of $55 million to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that was not conditioned on the court's acceptance of its plea agreement.
Proving that even the largest corporations can't escape the long arm of the law, Halliburton is pleading guilty to a single misdemeanor charge of destroying evidence in the blowout of the Macondo deepwater oil well that spilled more than five million barrels of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico in 2010. In a press release from the the U.S. Department of Justice:The amount of that fine? $200,000. In the second quarter of 2013, the oilfield products and services giant, the world's largest supplier of hydraulic fracking services, earned profits of $679 million. Conditions of Halliburton's probation were not announced.
Steve Mufson reports:
[H]alliburton said that on two occasions during the oil spill, it directed employees to destroy or “get rid of” simulations that would have helped clarify how to assign blame for the blowout—and possibly focused more attention on Halliburton's role. [...] The admission is likely to complicate Halliburton's efforts to avoid damage payments in civil suits linked to the Deepwater Horizon spill. During the first quarter of this year, the company took a $637 million charge against earnings to increase to about $1.3 billion a reserve set aside for possible Macondo settlement costs.
The destruction of evidence had to do with Halliburton's recommendations to BP, the Macondo well's owner, to use 21 instead of 6 stabilizing collars. Halliburton noted repeatedly to investigators of the spill that BP ignored its advice and that may have been a major factor in the disaster. But Halliburton ordered employees to destroy documentation of two of its simulations that indicated little difference between using 6 or 21 collars. What made the difference, according to investigators, was the cementing.
You can read more about Halliburton's criminal behavior and its "punishment" below the fold.
If you've received a loving lick from your cat, you know that sweet pink tongue feels like rough-grade sandpaper or Velcro caressing your skin. And a jungle cat's tongue is even harsher. All feline tongues, from tabby house pets to 600-pound (272 kilogram) Bengal tigers, are covered with tiny barbs or hooks, giving the tongue a rough texture. These microscopic projections face toward the cat's throat, and are the tools that help to groom their coat. The barbs work like a comb, catching and cleaning the cat's fur. In the wild, these rasps tear the flesh off the bones of the big cat's prey.
Cats' tongues may be the busiest part of their anatomy. They lick their coats not only to keep clean, but to regulate their body temperatures, fluffing up the fur in winter and wetting it down with saliva to stay cool in summer.
As cats' tongues work, they collect flakes of skin, loose fur, fleas and dirt. Cats swallow this debris -- which is usually dissolved by stomach acid. Some cats, especially long-haired or older ones, may ingest too much hair to dissolve, and upchuck hairballs. Giving your cat hairball ointment will help them digest the hair they or they swallow.
Statoil's offices at Fornebu. Photo: Ole Jørgen Bratland/Statoil
A long-term stand-off between Russia and the European Union over Ukraine would be "a totally awesome situation" for Norway, one of the country's top analysts has told Norway's Dagens Næringsliv business newspaper.
"If a long-term situation develops in which Russia uses sanctions to squeeze the EU, it will mean higher gas prices and higher production in Norway. It will be a totally awesome situation for Norway," John Olaisen, an analyst at ABG Sundal Collier said at a meeting on oil markets hosted by Ernst and Young.
Russia is Norway's main rival in European gas markets, supplying 25 percent of all gas consumed in the European Union, compared to the 20 percent supplied by Norway.
"If Russia restricts shipments to the EU by 20 percent over the next six months, then Norway can increase production by 20 percent. It's very positive. It sounds a little cynical, but that's how it is. For Statoil it will be awesome."
There hasn't been a new episode of Space Coast: Coast-to-Coast in twelve years, but for whatever reason, it never felt completely dead to me. Episodes always appeared in sporadic bursts, and even after they stopped, suddenly Space Ghost would pop up in an ad on Adult Swim to interview Zoe Saldana for Avatar, or Steve Nash while saying the words “Vitamin Water” a few times. Or their co-stars Brak and Zorak would show up on their own show. Or there'd be a web series to promote video games online. Unfortunately, in September, that feeling changed.
Clay Croker, animator and voice actor, passed away last month at the age of 54. They started animating promos for TNT then made their way over to Cartoon Network, before getting roped into the network's first show for adults. They leaf behind a legacy of maniacal laughter, torturing talk show hosts, and taking perfectly timed sips from mugs. Today we look back at Space Ghost: Coast to Coast and how it's the secret game-changer in the world of modern comedy.
In 1993, Cartoon Network was a very different channel than it is today. There was no original content save for a few one-off specials, just a bunch of reruns of classic Warner Brothers and Hanna-Barbera cartoons. There was nothing even remotely resembling Adult Swim. The closest Cartoon Network got to adult programming in its nascent days was showing reruns of the All in the Family rip-off Wait ‘Till Your Father Gets Home. This all changed when Mike Lazzo was asked to create an adult cartoon show for the network. Working with Andy Merrill (later known as the voice of Brak, a former Space Ghost villain turned childlike pest), the two devised a relatively cheap concept for a very unusual kind of show.
It would be a talk show, hosted by a B-level Hanna-Barbera superhero from the 1960s who was forcing two of their archenemies to serve as the show's director and bandleader. All you had to do was interview some celebrity who was passing through Atlanta (Turner's headquarters), edit their interview and make it so they're responding to any number of insane in studio shenanigans, and then take some old animation from the sixties cartoons (and a little bit of new stuff from Croker and others), tack a catchy title on to it, and voila! Space Ghost: Coast to Coast is born.
If you've never seen the show, it can be a difficult one to explain. The creators of the show called it “recycling entertainment.” Tom Roche, who edited the vast majority of the show's episodes (no easy task with the primitive video equipment of the early nineties) called it, “Post-post-post-post-post modern… We're sort of making fun of making fun of making fun.” Let's take “Hungry,” an episode from the show's second season, as an example of just how weird this show could get. Space Ghost introduces their guests for the evening are Michael Stipe from R.E.M., and Lassie, the dog, while being interrupted by their growling stomach. However, bandleader Zorak, an evil mantis, also has a guest: Raymond, their young nephew (an identical, but very tiny version of Zorak). They have a high-pitched voice and being just a young mantis, mispronounces words like “pasghetti” and “pocalypse” (his uncle is evil, remember). All this pasghetti talk makes Space Ghost even hungrier, and before getting to the guests, commands their director Moltar to connect them to a pizza place where they order a pizza with sun-bloated orange roughy. S.G. interviews their first guest, Lassie, and asks them if it ever “itches right here?” and then makes a sound that only they can hear (everyone can hear it). Lassie barks in response. Next is Michael Stipe who wears two pairs of glasses, refuses to sing for Space Ghost, but when asked, concedes that their host is a “shiny, shiny person.” After going this long with no pizza, Space Ghost discovers that Zorak has devoured Raymond. “That's barbaric!” they exclaim, before quietly adding, “Is there any left?” We are then shown a tribute to all the fun times Raymond shared with the crew (none of which ever actually happened in this episode). After all of this, Space Ghost brings on their final guest, Mujibur and Sirajul, the two mainstays of The Late Show with David Letterman, who, as it turns out, were mistakenly delivered Space Ghost's pizza. Smash cut to the credits.
And I'll point out, this is only fourteen episodes in, so we're talking baseline insanity. This is nothing compared to what the show evolved into.
Now I recognize that in 2016, this might not seem like anything all that groundbreaking, but this is 1994. The idea of taking something, re-contextualizing it, and creating something different was not a new idea. Roy Lichtenstein had been around for some time. But kids cartoon to late night talk show is a massive jump. And to have Space Ghost retain so much baggage from their previous superhero career was pretty jarring. Early on, pretty much every guest was asked, “Are you getting enough oxygen?” and “Do you have any superpowers?” Not your usual promotional fluff pieces.
Space Ghost also did not invent the concept of editing interviews for comedic effect. This was a mainstay of humor since comedians had access to tape recorders. Jim Henson did this with recordings of the Nightly News for one of their first gigs, performing on the Today Show. But even though the final product was out of control of the guest, they were still somewhat in on the joke. They were told to address the interviewer as “Space Ghost” and were asked a number of insane questions that might make it into the show. It was all about how they responded to this strange situation, sitting in one of CNN's many remote studios across the world. Some, like Charlton Heston, would remain confused and attempt to give as normal an interview as possible. Others, like Merrill Markoe, would play along, and end up dating Space Ghost (and eventually be brought back to break up with him).
Thanks to Space Ghost we have Adult Swim, and thanks in large part to Adult Swim, television and the internet is now packed with what can be described as “random” humor. I'm painting with a very wide brush when I use a term like that, but it's an evocatively wide brush (I'm losing my metaphor). Space Ghost was fifteen minutes, but you'd never know what was going to happen in those fifteen minutes. I would diligently stay up late to record episode of the show on the VCR and I quickly learned never to hit stop after the credits. There was always opportunities to surprise the audience on Space Ghost. One episode, entitled Woody Allen's Fall Project, was a parody of a very 90s event: the E! Channel at the time was doing reenactments of the OJ trial for their coverage. So for this episode of Space Ghost, we had live actors recreating moments from previous episodes. This episode aired on Christmas in 1996 and I remember being a young comedy completist feeling frustrated that I had missed what appeared to be the only airing of this episode. It was never rerun for many years and became the holy grail of Space Ghost fans (now it's on YouTube). There was an episode that began with just 2 minutes of muzak and the word “Waiting” on black. There was an episode in which Space Ghost slowly followed an ant through various backdrops for ten minutes. If somebody found it funny, they'd do it. It was an unprecedented level of freedom that you could only get when your show is cheap to make and your cable network is hungry for content (see Mystery Science Theater).
I don't feel like I'm exaggerating when I say that if you were to name any “weird” show that's on the air today, they probably owe a little something to Space Ghost. Eric Andre has cited the show as an influence. Aqua Teen Hunger Force is a direct spin-off. There'd be no Archer, and quite possibly, no Family Guy after season 2 (say what you want about that). Sure it can feel a little dated, but what's dated now was incredibly edgy 20 years ago. But more often than not, Space Ghost: Coast to Coast can be a delightfully insane adventure into the world of interstellar space talk shows.
Ramsey Ess is a freelance writer for television, podcaster and a guy on Twitter. Check out their web series Ramsey Has a Time Machine featuring Chris Elliott!
THE INSPIRATION FOR THE NEW NETFLIX SERIES
'It's not often that a life-changing book falls into one's lap ... Yet Michael Pollan's Cooked is one of them.' SundayTelegraph
'This is a love song to old, slow kitchen skills at their delicious best' Kathryn Huges, GUARDIAN BOOKS OF THE YEAR
The New York Times Top Five Bestseller - Michael Pollan's uniquely enjoyable quest to understand the transformative magic of cooking
Michael Pollan's Cooked takes us back to basics and first principles: cooking with fire, with water, with air and with earth.
Meeting cooks from all over the world, who share their wisdom and stories, Pollan shows how cooking is at the heart of our culture and that when it gets down to it, it also fundamentally shapes our lives.
Filled with fascinating facts and curious, mouthwatering tales from cast of eccentrics, Cooked explores the deepest mysteries of how and why we cook.
Streaming behemoth Netflix announced Monday morning it had acquired comics publisher Millarworld. Netflix says it is the first acquisition the company has ever made in its 20-year history.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Millarworld is the company behind franchises including Kick-Ass, Kingsman, and Old Man Logan.
Mark Millar, the founder and creative visionary of Millarworld, spent eight years at Marvel, where they developed the storylines that would lead to the first Avengers movie, Captain America: Civil War, and Logan (Wolverine), which collectively grossed over $3 billion in worldwide box office. They now run the company with their wife, Lucy. Apparently the deal with Netflix has been in the works for more than half a year.
“The moment Lucy and I walked into Netflix's headquarters in California last Christmas we knew this was where we wanted to be,” Millar said in a statement. “It instantly felt like home and the team around that table felt like people who would help us take Millarworld's characters and turn them into global powerhouses. Netflix is the future and we couldn't be more thrilled to sell the business to them and buckle up for all the amazing movies and television shows we plan to do together. This feels like joining the Justice League and I can't wait to start working with them.”
Mark Millar grew up in Coatsbridge, Scotland, as a comic book obsessive, stalking the seven shops that sold comics in their town for the latest editions from D.C. and Marvel. “My childhood memories are of playing Spider-Man with my pals, all my pals were into it, all these shops dotted around, to me it kind of feels like Gotham City or Metropolis, it's where Spider-Man lived in a weird way,” Millar told one interviewer.
One of Millar's favorite stories is how they drew Spider-Man's webbing on their face in permanent marker before their first communion. Millar says they one wrote comic book scripts at a pace of one per day while a university student in the 1980s. Most were rejected by the publishers, but they eventually sold some scripts and went on to work with the biggest names in the business, DC and Marvel, before launching their own shop and landing even bigger success. In 2013 they were honored by the Queen of England as a Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire for their contributions in film and literature.
“Mark is as close as you can get to a modern-day Stan Lee,” Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos said in a statement announcing the acquisition of Millarworld. “We can't wait to harness the creative power of Millarworld to Netflix and start a new era in global storytelling.”
Netflix has already run at least six original comics-based series, all Marvel, including Jessica Jones, Daredevil, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist. It's unclear what projects Millarworld will take on when it is owned by Netflix. Sarandos said simply: “We look forward to creating new Netflix Originals from several existing franchises as well as new super-hero, anti-hero, fantasy, sci-fi and horror stories Mark and their team will continue to create and publish.”
Shares of Netflix were up several points in pre-market trading. Netflix shares have nearly doubled in the past 12 months. Reuters reported Sunday that whereas in the past many cable companies viewed Netflix as the enemy, nowadays more and more U.S. cable firms, including No. 3 distributor Charter Communications, are looking to make Netflix available to its customers.
“Some U.S. providers could start selling the streaming service as part of their Internet and video packages,” the wire said.
Educated, middle-class youngsters in India appear to be more drawn to ISIS, moved as much by the terrorist group's brand of global jihad as by perceived injustices against Muslims at home.
This marks a possible class shift among those attracted to violent groups in India, where religious radicalisation is thought to be more prevalent among the poor and illiterate, shows an analysis of the socio-economic profile of ISIS sympathisers interrogated by security agencies since 2014.
Data accessed by HT shows about 70% of 152 Indians arrested, detained or counselled for links to ISIS were from middle and upper middle classes, with half of them holding graduate degrees and 23% completing their masters. Only a quarter of them had religious degrees.
In contrast, an overwhelming majority of 645 terrorism suspects interrogated between 2000 and 2014, before the rise of ISIS, was from poor families. More than 90% of them did not complete school, and their trigger for radicalisation was mostly perceived victimhood at home, not a desire for global jihad.
Read | NIA analysing IS video featuring purported Indian fighters
Although ISIS with its online propaganda appears to resonate more among the educated young in India, the government does not consider this too serious a problem.
“I am not alarmed by a small misguided educated youth joining them,” Union home minister Rajnath Singh told Hindustan Times.
“Like ISIS does propaganda by twisting the religion, I have asked my officers to take the help of Muslim clerics to build (a) counter narrative.”
A guilt trip
The data on ISIS sympathisers shows why controlling the narrative in a perception war might be vital. It suggests a direct correlation between key events with religious undertones in India and spikes in internet traffic from the country to jihadist websites over the past two years.
For instance, the National Technical Research Organisation and Intelligence Bureau detected that such traffic peaked between July 23 and 29 last year coinciding with the hanging of 1993 Mumbai bombings convict Yakub Memon. Many believed them to be innocent, triggering a media debate.
Again, more people logged into jihadist websites from India between April 17 and 23 this year – around the time as a controversy over the National Investigation Agency softening its terrorism charges against people linked to Hindu radical groups.
Read | NIA crackdown reveals arrested Mumbra man is chief of ISIS India wing
Terrorism experts and psychologists say perceived victimhood seem to amplify an identity crisis among ISIS sympathisers in India.
“Most of them are second generation from well-to-do families who enjoyed the best of liberal societies and (are) feeling guilty about enjoying it as their community suffers elsewhere,” says Rajat Mitra, a clinical psychiatrist who has helped police deal with terrorism suspects.
“This guilt coerces them to look for a purer form of identity and (they) get trapped by radical propaganda.”
GK Pillai, former Union home secretary, says modern-day terrorism, which uses online communication and social media, demands qualified and technology-savvy recruits.
“So we will also increasingly face this challenge of more upward mobile individuals getting attracted to radical ideology,” they say.
ISIS IN INDIA TRACKING RADICALS 37 sympathisers arrested
35 visited conflict zones
40 stopped at airports
40 counselled over online activity UPWARDLY MOBILE 65% middle class
5% upper middle class
30% lower middle class EDUCATION 34% technical graduates
16 % non-technical graduates
23% post grads
26% religious degrees YOUNG RECRUITS 82% in age group of 18-33 years
23-28 years: Most susceptible
First Published: Jun 12, 2016 17:48 IST
Portland Trail Blazers guard Damian Lillard felt "disrespected" by being left off the Western Conference All-Star team last season, although an injury to Los Angeles Clippers big man Blake Griffin got them on the final roster.
Should they not be named a reserve this time around, Lillard will simply avoid Toronto - the location of the 2016 NBA All-Star Weekend - entirely.
Damian Lillard said that if they aren't selected as an All-Star they do not plan to be in the 3-point shootout or in Toronto at all. — Erik Gundersen (@blazerbanter) January 25, 2016
Instead, it appears the Weber State product would spend the break getting some R&R.
@SourDShawn @blazerbanter lol if I don't make it... I'm goin on vacation instead. Is that cool? 🤔 — Damian Lillard (@Dame_Lillard) January 25, 2016
Lillard is currently tied for fifth in the NBA in made 3-pointers with 120 while shooting 38 percent from beyond the arc (35th). He's an easy choice to participate in the 3-point shootout at the Air Canada Centre, but fans pining to see them in it again (he participated in the competition in 2014, along with four other All-Star Weekend events) will be disappointed should they not get an All-Star nod.
Their numbers warrant strong consideration to make the team, though, with averages of 24.6 points on 42.3 percent shooting, along with 6.9 assists and 4.4 rebounds over 39 appearances. In addition, their Trail Blazers are 1.5 games out of the final playoff spot in the West following a summer that saw four of their starters go elsewhere.
URBANA — Hundreds of non-tenure-track faculty trying to settle their first contract with the University of Illinois could walk off the job this week, though classes will go on as scheduled Monday.
Several union members said the tentative plan is to call a two-day strike Tuesday and Wednesday, but union leaders would not confirm it.
Shawn Gilmore, president of the Nontenure Track Faculty Coalition Local 6546, said the union will announce specific dates and the nature of the job actions after the strike committee meets Monday afternoon.
Gilmore said faculty members will not walk out of classes Monday.
“We want to make sure everybody has a chance to prepare. Everyone has students, and this is the first time they've been through such a thing,” Gilmore said Sunday afternoon.
Union members authorized what Gilmore called “limited work stoppages” during a strike vote in early April, but the union had to wait at least 10 days before taking action. Officials said possibilities included a one- to-three-day strike, but they would not call for more serious measures — such as an extended walkout or withholding grades — without returning to the membership.
Union said they would inform administrators of their plans Monday morning.
“We want them to understand what we have in mind for a work action, in fact, to demonstrate what it looks like when nontenured faculty don't do their labor, because it's such a big part of the actual educational mission of the university,” Gilmore said.
The union represents almost 500 lecturers, researchers and other faculty members who are not part of the tenure system, though not all have joined the union. Most have one-year contracts — some after teaching 15 or 20 years — and usually earn less than their tenured colleagues.
The union is asking for two-year-contracts after five years of service, and three-year contracts after 10 years, as well as regular evaluations, opportunities for promotions and a role in shared governance. The provost's office has procedures in place for multi-year contracts, but the union wants them built into a contract. The faculty role in shared governance is outlined in university statutes and related policies.
Gilmore wasn't sure how many classes would be affected by a walkout.
They said some union members would continue working through the job action, including international faculty worried about potential visa problems and researchers who work in labs that can't close or who need to supervise students working with hazardous chemicals.
But many teaching faculties will participate, they said, “to show what it looks like when we remove our labor.”
Campus spokesperson Robin Kaler said about 400 people in the bargaining unit are teaching faculty. They said some have called administrators asking whether they are required to strike.
Interim Provost Edward Feser wrote to non-tenure-track faculty on Friday to clarify the rules about strikes and employee pay.
While the university recognizes employees' right to strike “under certain circumstances,” Feser said in the email, “it is equally important to note that individual employees also have the right to choose not to strike and to continue working.”
Those who report to work during a strike will be paid, but those who strike will not, they said.
Feser also noted that the two sides still have four negotiation sessions scheduled with a federal mediator, including one on April 27. The two sides have been negotiating the initial contract since October 2014, much of it during an unprecedented state budget crisis.
“We have reached tentative agreements on several key items and believe that further progress can be made at the bargaining table,” Feser said. “We are disappointed that it appears the NTFC isn't willing to give that process a chance.”
“We value the contributions of specialized faculty members. We have taken major steps over the past few years to demonstrate our support, and we are committed to doing more to address your concerns and ensure that you can achieve your career goals,” Feser said. “We remain optimistic that if we work together we can find reach a fair and equitable contract.”
Gilmore said the specifics of any salary adjustments must be negotiated. The union also has a strike fund to help members who lose money, they said.
Other than Feser's email, Gilmore said the union has “heard nothing about bargaining or negotiations of any sort from the administration” since the strike authorization vote was announced on April 7.
In a message to union members, Gilmore said the union remains committed to the mediation process and is willing to bargain “at any time,” even before April 27.
Less than three weeks of classes remain in the spring semester. The last day of classes is May 4 and finals begin May 6.
Image copyright Kwon Sung-hoon/Busan Metropolitan City via AP Image caption The pink light next to the seat is activated wirelessly
Following a successful trial, the city of Busan in South Korea is now planning to introduce a bluetooth-powered system for helping pregnant train and bus passengers who need to sit down.
Round pink lights next to priority seats in train carriages are activated by a sensor carried by pregnant travellers when they board the train.
It was tested by 500 women in April.
Busan now hopes to extend the scheme across train and bus lines by the end of the year, reports Reuters.
Many pregnant travellers say they have difficulty getting seats on public transport at peak times, while other passengers say they are not always sure whether someone is pregnant, especially in the early stages, and they don't want to cause offence by asking.
Busan's solution takes the form of a bluetooth sensor, which has a six-month battery life, that is attached to the outside of a bag or coat of pregnant women who choose to get one.
The original Pink Light Campaign trial (website in Korean) was a collaboration between the city council and local businesses.
In the UK, pregnant travellers on the London Underground can choose to wear a badge which reads "Baby on board" to alert fellow passengers that they may need to sit down.
However, some women are not happy about publicising their pregnancies.
"I found the level of attention embarrassing when I wore the 'Baby on board' badge - I'm not sure how comfortable I would feel with pink lights going off when I got on a train," said Ellie Gibson from parent podcast Scummy Mummies.
Last week we learned via VoteVets that Donald Trump's federal hiring freeze had killed child care services at two military bases in the US and Germany.
Now there's news that two more bases are about to stop offering child care services for military members due to Trump's freeze.
First it was bases at Fort Knox, Kentucky and Wiesbaden, Germany that had to suspend their child care programs. Because of the ensuing bad publicity, Trump offered those two bases wavers from the freeze.
Now it's two more bases in Germany. VoteVets obtained an Army memo announcing the cutbacks:
This is the problem with elected someone with little government experience, whose team has little government experience, and who excels at hubris. They like to rush and do “big things,” without any regard to the consequences. That's how you get child care facilities closed, and soldiers killed.
With the election of Donald Trump, AMERICAblog's independent journalism and activism is more needed than ever.
Please support our work with a generous donation. (If you prefer PayPal, use this link.) We don't make much on advertising, we need your support to continue our work. Thanks.
Also, check out our Trump Swag store, where you can get your “Illegitimate” t-shirts and more. All the proceeds go to supporting our independent journalism at AMERICAblog.
Follow me on Twitter & Facebook:
Follow @aravosis
Why are you shutting down Miiverse?- We started the Miiverse service in 2012 along with the launch of the Wii U system because we wanted to provide a space where users could share their feelings about games with each other. Thanks to users' support throughout the years, we think we were able to achieve that goal. We decided to end the service at this time because, among other reasons, many users are shifting to social networking services.- Users can download their old Miiverse posts (without comments or messages from others) by visiting http://miiverse.nintendo.net and registering before the Miiverse service ends on Nov. 7, 2017 at 10 p.m. PT. Once registered, users will receive an e-mail via Nintendo Account mail a few weeks after the Miiverse service ends, which will include a unique URL to download their past Miiverse posts.When will the Miiverse service end?- Nov. 7, 2017 at 10 p.m. PT- Once the Miiverse service ends, users will not be able to access Miiverse on Wii U, any of the Nintendo 3DS family of systems or an Internet browser on PCs and smart devices.Will the Miiverse icon still be displayed on the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS Home Menu?- Yes. The Miiverse icon will continue to appear, but an error message will be displayed when it is pressed.Many games use Miiverse as a major game-play feature, including Super Mario Maker for Wii U. What happens to those games when Miiverse shuts down?- Super Mario Maker (Wii U): Users will still be able to share levels, but will no longer be able to comment on them.- Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars (Wii U, Nintendo 3DS): While users will still be able to play Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars and complete all 88 levels in the main game, the Community feature will be discontinued, preventing players from sharing levels and receiving additional Stars. As there will be a limit to the number of Stars that can be obtained, not all objects may be unlocked from the Workshop.- Splatoon (Wii U): Miiverse posts will no longer display in Inkopolis Plaza or the game's stage maps.- Super Smash Bros. for Wii U and Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS (Wii U, Nintendo 3DS): The Miiverse stage will still be playable, but Miiverse user posts will not display in the background. Players will also be unable to post replays to YouTube/Miiverse, share stages or create tournaments.- Mario Kart 8 (Wii U): Players will not be able to upload game-play videos to YouTube since they also post to Miiverse at the same time. The tournament function will also not be available.- Super Mario 3D World (Wii U): In Super Mario 3D World, the Miiverse posts that appear on the course select screen and when selecting courses will disappear. Players will still be able to collect in-game stamps, but not post them to Miiverse.- Xenoblade Chronicles X (Wii U): In Xenoblade Chronicles X, the BLADE report feature will no longer be available.Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars will be losing major features. Will you continue selling the game?- Yes, the game will continue to be sold. Users will still be able to complete all 88 levels in the main game, and create and play their own levels locally.Will Miiverse posts still display in Wara Wara Plaza on Wii U?- Moving forward, default Miiverse posts that appear during offline mode will be displayed in Wara Wara Plaza.Will Wii U Chat still function after the closure of Miiverse?- The Wii U Chat service will be discontinued with Miiverse on Nov. 7, 2017, at 10 p.m. PT.Can users still view their old Miiverse posts once the service is shut down?- Users can download their old Miiverse posts (without comments or messages from others) by visiting http://miiverse.nintendo.net and registering before the Miiverse service ends on Nov. 7, 2017 at 10 p.m. PT. Once registered, users will receive an e-mail via Nintendo Account mail a few weeks after the Miiverse service ends, which will include a unique URL to download their past Miiverse posts.Will there be a similar service to replace Miiverse on Nintendo Switch?- Currently Nintendo has no plans to implement any services to replace Miiverse, but the Nintendo Switch system includes features for connecting with Facebook and other social networking services.
I think some people prefer a state not to provide these things, but I don't understand why.
It's not that we prefer them, it's that states have a horrible track record doing this. What if the state gave you (mostly) clean water (it's kinda brown and you boil it "just in case"), a simple 4 wall shacks in a tract of shacks, and a sack of rice a month. All of your basic needs have been met, but only at the poverty line. Is that really a success? There are two points you need to consider
The state has no disincentive for failure
Businesses fail and cease to exist. People fail and go bankrupt. But the State cannot fail. Indeed, States can maintain failure long after any private solution would have fallen by the wayside.
Take health care. If the State, for instance, takes half your income in taxes and provides "free" health care, most people would say that's good. But what if that system made you wait an average of 20 weeks for necessary care? I once heard someone (in a non-political setting) talk about a dark time in their marriage when their father-in-law had a heart attack. They were treated in Toronto and sent home to await heart surgery... 6 months later. Yet there are no alternatives because Canada has made them all State-based. It's no wonder increasing numbers of Canadians seek treatment in the US.
The problem is that the State has created a distortion in the market. Private pay means you get treatment much quicker, but Private pay also means some people might not get any care at all. Politicians take the latter and rail against it as "unfair". Yet, there's no disincentive for the government to create long wait times for care. Indeed, if the free taxpayer subsidized healthcare actually killed half the patients it treated, there would be an outcry that would simply spark an electoral revolt and the new party in town would pass some minor, and likely meaningless, reforms (I can see the headlines now: "Reforms reduce death rate from 50% to 48%!"). This is the ratchet effect
This can be applied to other topics like
Public Schools
Retirement/Pensions
Public Transit
Scarcity doesn't vanish just because you want it to
Let me go back to the health care thing and explain why it's not all it's cracked up to be. In single payer, only the State can pay for your health care and that money comes from higher taxes. But single payer is a cost control mechanism and cost controls never work in the long run.
Let's say you need an MRI. Under private pay, we'll say an MRI costs $250. MRI companies turn a healthy profit and companies that do them are abundant. Single payer comes along and says that the State (now the only legal payer) will only pay $50 for one (a price ceiling). That's an enforced 80% reduction in the price. The politicians look good for stopping the "greedy" MRI companies, but what happens is that you can now only make a profit if you consolidate. 20% of the payment means 80% of the capacity will leave the market. Companies that did only MRIs will close. Hospitals will stop replacing MRI machines and technicians. And MRI wait times will explode because there's no longer capacity.
TL;DR
The problem is that you can't get around supply, demand and price. There's no an unlimited capacity in any market for any good or service. What you're advocating is removing the price factor. Price ceilings never end well
U.S. President Barack Obama announced Wednesday that 33,000 U.S. troops will be out of Afghanistan by next summer, saying progress is being made in the region but huge challenges remain.
"Thanks to our men and women in uniform, our civilian personnel, and our many coalition partners, we are meeting our goals," Obama said in a broadcast address.
"As a result, starting next month, we will be able to remove 10,000 of our troops from Afghanistan by the end of this year, and we will bring home a total of 33,000 troops by next summer, fully recovering the surge I announced at West Point."
The so-called surge of forces came after Obama's announcement in December 2009 that they were sending an additional 30,000 troops, plus an additional 3,000 they authorized Defence Secretary Robert Gates to employ to support the effort.
Obama said that after the initial reduction, troops will continue coming home at a steady pace as Afghan forces take more responsibility for security.
"By 2014, this process of transition will be complete, and the Afghan people will be responsible for their own security," they said.
Obama said the drawdown comes "from a position of strength" but they cautioned that "huge challenges remain."
"This is the beginning, but not the end, of our effort to wind down this war. We will have to do the hard work of keeping the gains that we have made, while we draw down our forces and transition responsibility for security to the Afghan government."
After the withdrawal, about 70,000 U.S. troops will remain in the country.
The military had lobbied for a more modest troop reduction and Obama promised a significant one as support for the war by the country and Congress faded.
But Obama has been under political pressure to bring U.S. troops home, with some Republican leaders suggesting it's time to accelerate the drawdown.
Their announcement also comes after U.S. forces found and killed al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in May.
At least 1,500 members of the U.S. military have died and 12,000 have been wounded since the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in late 2001.
The financial cost of the war has passed $440 billion and is on the rise, given the heavy troop commitment, jumping to $120 billion a year, or twice the total of two years ago.
Those costs have risen in importance as a divided U.S. government struggles to cut its budget deficits.
The behavioural effects of cannabis, in several animal species as well as in humans, were observed in the mid-nineteenth century2 (Fig. 1). These experimental observations led to the first attempts to isolate the active constituents of the plant, as had already been done with other plants that had known neuropharmacological activity — for example, the isolation of morphine. A prize was even awarded in 1855 for the 'successful' accomplishment of this project. However, the first isolation of a plant cannabinoid — named cannabinol (CBN) — was not achieved until the end of the nineteenth century. Its structure was elucidated much later, in the 1930s, by the groups of Cahn and Todd in the United Kingdom and by Adams in the United States, when a further component, cannabidiol (CBD), was isolated; however, its structure could not be elucidated at that time. Although considerable effort was invested on the isolation and the elucidation of the structure of the main psychoactive constituents of cannabis, this goal was not reached at that time. A synthetic compound, Δ6a,10a-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ6a,10a-THC), showed pharmacological activity that paralleled the activity of cannabis extracts. Therefore, it was assumed that Δ6a,10a-THC was chemically related to the active compounds of the plant (Fig. 2). Much of the early research in this area was done using synthetic Δ6a,10a-THC, which is now known to be considerably less potent than the actual natural product. The chemical and pharmacological work that was carried out until the mid 1940s has been reviewed elsewhere3,4,5. Some Δ6a,10a-THC analogues were even tested in humans. In light of recent media reports about the action of cannabinoids in paediatric epilepsy, it is of interest to note that a derivative of synthetic Δ6a,10a-THC (at doses of 1.2–1.8 mg daily) was administered to a small number of children with epilepsy and showed positive results. Historical cannabis use in medicine over the ages and early chemical investigations are reviewed in Ref. 1.
Figure 2: A major metabolic pathway of Δ9-THC and the structures of some plant and synthetic cannabinoids. a | The major psychoactive cannabis constituent, Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), is first metabolized by enzymatic hydroxylation to produce psychoactive 11-hydroxy-Δ9-THC (11-OH-Δ9-THC) and then by enzymatic oxidation to non-psychoactive Δ9-THC-11-oic acid, which is stored in fatty tissues as a glucuronide and is slowly released. The glucuronide may be detected in the urine for several weeks after a single cannabis use. b | The structures of some plant and synthetic cannabinoids. Δ9-THC, the plant constituents cannabinol and Δ8-THC, and synthetic Δ6a,10a-THC and CP-55940 cause cannabis-type psychoactivity, wherease cannabidiol does not. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The reasons for the lack of progress were mostly technical. We now know that cannabinoids are present in cannabis as a mixture of many closely related constituents — over 100 — which were difficult to separate using the methods that were available in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. As the active constituents of cannabis were not available in pure form, there was very little biological or clinical work done in this area from the late 1940s until the mid 1960s.
By the 1960s, chromatography methods were well developed for the isolation of pure compounds from mixtures and the availability of novel spectrometric methods meant that the elucidation of the structure of these compounds was possible. Indeed, many cannabinoids were isolated, including Δ9-THC, which was reported by Gaoni and Mechoulam in 1964 (Ref. 6) (Fig. 2). Their structures were mainly elucidated using NMR, which was a modern method at the time. Several total syntheses of these compounds have been reported and most cannabinoids are now available as both natural and synthetic products. The chemical work until the mid 1970s is reviewed in Ref. 7.
The next step in cannabinoid research was the elucidation of the metabolism of Δ9-THC and later of CBD. The major metabolic pathway of Δ9-THC is hydroxylation, which leads to the formation of an active metabolite, followed by its further oxidation to an inactive acid, which then binds to a sugar molecule. These acid-derived metabolites are stored in fatty tissues and are slowly released8. Indeed, the major final Δ9-THC metabolite (a carboxylic acid that is present as a glucuronide) can be detected in human urine for several weeks after cannabis use (Fig. 2).
Media blackout of reformist former leader, who fell foul of establishment over their support for opposition leaders, comes despite President Rouhani's promise of greater freedom
Iran's media has been banned from publishing the name or images of Mohammad Khatami, the country's reformist former president, according to a senior judicial official.
Although the authorities have taken similar actions against reformers and opposition figures in the past, the latest move is significant because it is happening under the current moderate president, Hassan Rouhani, who had promised greater freedoms.
Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i, the spokesperson for Iran's judiciary, said on Monday that Tehran's justice department had issued a ruling that prohibits any mentions of Khatami in the Iranian media. Iran's judicial system, which is dominated by conservatives, operates separately from Rouhani's government, meaning that the president's hands are tied when it comes to influencing its decisions.
“There is an order that bans the media from publishing photos or reports about this person,” Mohseni-Eje'i said, referring to Khatami without naming him, according to the semi-official Isna news agency. Isna, too, did not name Khatami in its report of the spokesperson's briefing with Iranian reporters but referred to them as “the leader of the reformist government”.
Khatami has fallen foul of the establishment because of their support for Iran's opposition leaders and former presidential candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi, who have been under house arrest since February 2011. Mousavi's wife, Zahra Rahnavard, also a prominent opposition figure, is under house arrest, too.
It is not the first time the authorities have banned mentions of Khatami in the Iranian media. In 2010, a similar ruling was issued against publishing the names or images of Khatami as well Mousavi, Rahnavard and Karroubi, but restrictions were relaxed around the time of the last presidential elections in 2013.
Khatami backed Rouhani in those elections and their support was crucial in the victory of the moderate cleric. Following Rouhani's win, Khatami wrote an article for the Guardian in which they urged the west to work with the new president in order to end the standoff over Tehran's nuclear programme.
Mohseni-Eje'i did not specifically mention whether the new round of censorship also applied to the opposition leaders but it is widely assumed that they are blacklisted too. The Iranian agencies that report any developments in the situation of Mousavi, Karroubi and Rahnavard simply refer to their case as “the issue of house arrest” without publishing their names.
Hardliners have adopted the term “leaders of sedition” in reference to the leaders under house arrest instead of directly mentioning their names. Many hardliners consider Khatami to be a part of that group. Unlike Mousavi and Karroubi, Khatami has not been placed under house arrest but faces other restrictions, including being barred from leaving the country.
All the men have held high-profile jobs in the Islamic republic. Mousavi was prime minister in the 80s, Khatami led a reformist administration between 1997 and 2005, and Karroubi was a speaker of the parliament.
During their presidential campaign, Rouhani said they believed the house arrests of opposition leaders should be lifted but they have done little to address the issue. This February marks four years since Mousavi, Karroubi and Rahnavard were placed under house arrest without being charged or put on trial. A decision to release them rests in the hands of the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has the ultimate authority in Iran.
Censorship is prohibited under the Islamic republic's constitution but the country has one of the world's worst records of press freedom, with dozens of journalists and bloggers currently held behind bars. Mardom-e-Emrooz, a reformist daily, was closed down in January because it had shown solidarity with the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo following the deadly shootings at its offices.
Introducing the Raven Music Server October 10, 2011
While I was on my quest of reducing the memory footprint of a freshly launched KDE session, I found that the process which uses most memory just after startup is Amarok, which contributes over 80 MiB to 300 MiB total RAM usage. Now of course, Amarok has its reasons for a high memory usage: For example, its collection is backed by a MySQL/Embedded database. This memory footprint is justified by the plethora of features Amarok offers. But still, 80 MiB RAM usage is quite a lot when all I want to do (99% of the time) is to listen to some music files on the local disk. (My collection has 818 tracks at this very moment.)
Can we improve on that?
Looking at my desktop, I see the “Now Playing” applet. It shows the current track from Amarok, and has the basic media player controls (pause/stop/previous/next + seek slider + volume slider). Again, this is about all I need for an user interface while my playlist is filled. I remember that the nowplaying applet communicates with Amarok via DBus using the MPRIS (Media Player Remote Interface Specification) standard.
With all these impressions in mind, my target is clear: I want a headless media player which runs in the background and offers an MPRIS-compliant control interface on DBus. Something with a smaller memory footprint.
Intensive searches on the internet did not turn up anything of interest. Of course there are command-line music players (e.g. MPlayer), but those expect to be connected to a terminal for control. They cannot be run in the background, and there's no nice GUI for them (like with the nowplaying applet). It looks like I need to do it myself yet again.
So here is the Raven Music Server (called ravend for short, as it is a daemon), which is now publicly available at git://anongit.kde.org/scratch/majewsky/raven. It currently implements the basic interfaces mandated by MPRIS version 2 (unfortunately the “Now Playing” applet supports MPRIS 1 only). The biggest missing piece is support for editing the track list, so at the moment you need to restart the process to change the playlist.
I have been productively using ravend for two weeks now, since one day after its inception, and I'm quite satisfied with it. And now that it is in a public Git repo, you can, too! Provided that you find pleasure in controlling your mediaplayer with commands like
qdbus org.mpris.MediaPlayer2.ravend /org/mpris/MediaPlayer2 org.mpris.MediaPlayer2.Player.PlayPause
Convenient user interfaces will become available, eventually. Even then, the Raven Music Server will probably not be interesting for end users. Power users may find this project interesting if they like to keep an eye on their system's memory footprint, or want to have their playback continue even when the X server is terminated, or want to run a full-fledged media player on a headless system.
Advertisements
Onyx Path Publishing Welcomes Matt McElroy as Operations Director
Press Releases
Onyx Path Publishing Welcomes Matt McElroy as Operations Director
Onyx Path Publishing, the official licensee for the World of Darkness, Chronicles of Darkness, and Exalted game lines, as well as publisher of the forthcoming Pugmire, Scarred Lands, Scion 2nd Edition, Trinity Continuum, and Cavaliers of Mars game lines, is very pleased to announce that Matt M McElroy is joining the team as Operations Director as of November 21, 2016.
McElroy's new position follows a 10-year career with DriveThruRPG, where he's worked with dozens of publishers while championing initiatives to find, retain, and reach out to fans.
“I'm absolutely thrilled to be able to bring Matt on board. Their knowledge and experience with tabletop RPG and fiction publishing is immense, and I've relied on their advice and insight for many years informally.” said Rich Thomas, Onyx Path Publishing's Creative Director and CEO. “Now with their role as Operations Director he'll draw on that experience as they join Onyx Path and helps propel us along our path into the future.”
“I'm thrilled to be joining the Onyx Path team,” said McElroy, “I have worked with them on a number of projects over the years and I'm excited to be part of the company's future.”
Since 2003, McElroy has been an author, editor, and game developer in addition to operating the ENnie Award-winning webzine FlamesRising.com. They currently live in Madison, Wisconsin with their long-time partner, two cats, and their frog. Their addition to the Onyx Path Publishing team will enhance, grow and solidify the company's position as an industry leader going forward.
President Obama reminded Republicans Tuesday that cap-and-trade has GOP roots in a rare public reference to the embattled environmental policy.
“Cap-and-trade was originally proposed by conservatives and Republicans as a market-based solution to solving environmental problems,” Obama said during a fiery speech at a luncheon hosted by The Associated Press.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The first president to talk about cap-and-trade was George H.W. Bush. Now you've got the other party essentially saying we shouldn't even be thinking about environmental protection. ‘Let's gut the EPA.' ”
Obama's remarks were part of a broader argument that the Republican Party has moved to the right in recent years.
“I think it's important to remember that the positions I'm taking now on the budget and a host of other issues, if we had been having this discussion 20 years ago, or even 15 years ago, would have been considered squarely centrist positions,” Obama said. “What's changed is the center of the Republican Party.”
Tuesday's comments marked a rare mention of cap-and-trade by the president, who has largely eliminated the phrase from speeches during the last two years.
Cap-and-trade is aimed at cutting carbon pollution from power plants and other sources by imposing an emissions cap and allowing trade-able pollution credits. A scaled-back version collapsed in the Senate in 2010.
With hopes of moving major climate legislation dashed — and as the issue became increasingly toxic in GOP circles — the president has focused on other energy issues such as improved vehicle fuel efficiency and expanded investments in renewables.
But reminding voters about cap-and-trade's GOP roots could help Obama score political points over their presumptive GOP rival, Mitt Romney.
As Massachusetts governor, Romney initially supported the creation of a regional cap-and-trade system for power plants among Northeast and mid-Atlantic states, but backed away before the program launched. Their successor, Gov. Deval Patrick (D), signed Massachusetts up for the ongoing Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
Two decades ago, then-President George H.W Bush backed a cap-and-trade program targeting acid rain that was meant to reduce power plants' sulfur dioxide emissions. The measure overwhelmingly passed Congress as part of the 1990 amendments to the Clean Air Act.
David Bentley Hart is their own man, with their own distinctive voice and writing style—and thank God for that. Their theological writings have been described as brilliant, incisive, penetrating, trenchant, over-blown, outrageous.  They are impossible to pigeon-hole. They have read deeply in the Church Fathers, yet their theology can hardly be described as mere repetition of ancient views.  They are a communicant of the Orthodox Church, yet their fellow Eastern theologians pay them little attention. One reviewer of their Beauty of the Infinite complained that the book is not Orthodox theology. Hart characteristically replied:
Of course it is. Admittedly it does not much resemble the sort of ‘neo-Palamite', ‘neo-patristic' books which have dominated Eastern theology since the middle of the last century, when the great ressourcements movement that has done so much to define modern Orthodoxy was inaugurated. But Orthodox theology has taken many forms over the centuries—mystical, scholastic, mystagogical, idealist, neo-patristic, even ‘Sophiological'—all of which have been perfectly legitimate expressions of the Eastern Church's mind. And frankly, I think that the theological idiom to which Orthodox theology has been confined for the last fifty years or so has largely exhausted itself and has become tediously repetitive. It has also, to a very great extent, done much to distort the Orthodox understanding of the traditions of both East and West.
As I said, Hart is their own man. A few months ago, for example, they took on the predestinarianism of St Augustine in the May issue of First Things. They concluded with this indictment: “In the whole long, rich history of Christian misreadings of Scripture, none I think has ever been more consequential, more invincibly perennial, or more disastrous.” In the latest issue of First Things, Hart directs their ire toward their fellow Orthodox. The title is sure to grab attention: “Saint Origen“!
Hart begins their piece with observations about a recent intra-Orthodox internet debate on the theme of universal salvation. I wish I knew which blog or forum they had followed, though I have my suspicions. They note that several modern Orthodox theologians, following in the footsteps of St Gregory of Nyssa, have affirmed the hope of universal salvation, at least as a theologoumenon; but there are also those who denounce the hope as heretical. Hart describes the debate:
But there are those who find this an intolerable state of affairs, sometimes because of an earnest if misguided devotion to what they believe Scripture or tradition demands, sometimes because the idea of the eternal torment of the derelict appeals to some unpleasantly obvious emotional pathologies on their parts. And the fiercest on this score seem to be certain converts from Evangelicalism who bristle at the thought that Orthodox tradition might be more diverse, indeterminate, and speculatively daring than what they signed on for. And so the argument went on, repeating a familiar pattern. Those who were keen to defend the gates of hell against every assault of hope cited the small handful of New Testament verses seeming to threaten everlasting damnation; those on the other side responded that none of those pericopes, when correctly interpreted and translated, says what the “infernalists” imagine, and then cited the (far more numerous) ­passages proclaiming universal rescue. The eternal-damnation party invoked various “binding” authorities, such as the 1583 edition of the Synodikon; the total-reconciliation party pointed out (quite correctly) that Orthodox dogma is the province only of the Seven Councils, not of some hoary collection of canonical pronouncements and para-canonical opinions. The hellions made vague appeals to “holy tradition”; the empyrealists (knowing that “holy tradition” can mean anything from unshaven priests to crypto-gnostic superstitions about departed souls rising through “aerial tollhouses” supervised by devils) were unimpressed.
But always when Orthodox (and Catholics) debate this question, the dogmatic authority of the Fifth Ecumenical Council is eventually invoked: this council, traditionalists allege, solemnly anathematized Origen and condemned all forms of apokatastasis. Hart's reply is to the point: “In point of fact, no—absolutely not”:
It is true that something remembered by tradition as “Origenism” was condemned by someone in the sixth century, and that Origen was maligned as a heretic in the process; and it is also true that for well more than a millennium both those decisions were associated with the Council of 553 by what was simply accepted as the official record. But, embarrassingly, we now know, and have known for quite some time, that the record was falsified. And this is a considerable problem not only for Orthodoxy, but for the Catholic Church as well, inasmuch as the authority of the ecumenical councils must in some way be intimately—if obscurely—bound to some notion of the indefectibility of the Church's transmission of the faith. (And, frankly, the prejudices of ecclesial fundamentalists are as impervious to historical fact as are the naivetes of young-earth creationists to science.)
When Hart says that the record was falsified, they are referring, I think, to the 15 anathemas against Origenism, which have traditionally been attributed to II Constantinople. But what many people do not realize is that historians have long debated whether they in fact belong to the council. There is no mention in the acts of the council that the anathemas were ever discussed or voted upon. Historians presently hypothesize that the Emperor Justinian, at some point prior to the formal opening of the synod, submitted the anathemas to the bishops then present in Constantinople. Presumably these bishops communicated their approval, or at least acquiescence, in some manner; but regardless their “decision” does not possess canonical authority. However the council did anathematize Origen by name in the anathemas directed against the Three Chapters: “If anyone does not anathematize Arius, Eunomius, Macedonius, Apollinarius, Nestorius, Eutyches and Origen, as well as their heretical books, and also all other heretics who have already been condemned and anathematized by the holy, catholic and apostolic church and by the four holy synods which have already been mentioned, and also all those who have thought or now think in the same way as the aforesaid heretics and who persist in their error even to death: let them be anathema.”
Putting aside the oddity of Origen being named at the end of the list out of historical order (which has led some historians to wonder whether we are dealing here with an interpolation), the real oddity—and for Hart the scandal—is the condemnation of a faithful Christian believer who died in the peace of the Church 300 years earlier than the council:
But, really, it is the most shameful episode in the history of Christian doctrine. For one thing, to have declared any man a heretic three centuries after dying in the peace of the Church, in respect of doctrinal determinations not reached during their life, was a gross violation of all legitimate canonical order; but in Origen's case it was especially loathsome. After Paul, there is no single Christian figure to whom the whole tradition is more indebted. It was ­Origen who taught the Church how to read Scripture as a living mirror of Christ, who evolved the principles of later trinitarian theology and Christology, who majestically set the standard for Christian apologetics, who produced the first and richest expositions of contemplative ­spirituality, and who—simply said—laid the foundation of the whole edifice of developed Christian thought. Moreover, they were not only a man of extraordinary personal holiness, ­piety, and charity, but a martyr as well: Brutally tortured during the Decian persecution at the age of sixty-six, they never recovered, but slowly withered away over a period of three years. They are, in short, among the greatest of the Church Fathers and the most illustrious of the saints, and yet, disgracefully, official church tradition—East and West—commemorates them as neither.
I agree wholeheartedly. The conciliar condemnation of Origen was disagraceful, shameful, and unjust, no matter what their theological errors were. Origen had already passed beyond the jurisdiction of the Church militant. They now stand before Christ and awaits their final judgment. Condemn specific teachings of Origen, if need be; but honor the man and celebrate the many gifts they bestowed upon the Church. We all stand on their shoulders. If our present understanding of conciliar infallibility requires us to join with the Constantinopolitan Fathers in their excommunication of Origen, then that understanding needs to be revised. There are anathemas and there are anathemas.
But what about the Emperor Justinian? Hart's judgment is harsh. They refer to them as “vicious,” “insidiously stupid,” and a “murderous thug.” (But what do you really think about him, Dr Hart?) But is not Justinian a saint? Do we not commemorate them on November 14th? I will leave judgments about their life and character to the historians. I only have this to say:
That Justinian is a saint of the Church proves that apokatastasis must be true.
Jin Xing, a former male ballet star and army colonel, draws 100 million viewers a week and was the first person, publicly, to undergo gender reassignment surgery in their country. Now they share the unlikely story of finding extraordinary success afterwards.
Jin Xing, China's most popular TV hostess, has been many things in their life: dance prodigy, prima ballerina, decorated colonel in the People's Liberation Army, choreographer, actor, wife and mother of three. They also have been a man.
The son of ethnic Korean parents — their father was a bureaucrat in the army and their mother a translator — Jin was born in 1967 in Shenyang, a provincial northeast city in mainland China. As early as 4 they felt they were different, not just in terms of their sexual identity but also thanks to a precocious talent for dance that would, by age 9, result in their admission to a prestigious troupe within the People's Army (traditional dance and acrobatics are considered strong propaganda tools within the Chinese military). For the next 10 years, Jin's rise through the ranks of the military would follow two distinctly different paths: As a promising member of the dance troupe, they studied Russian ballet, Chinese opera, dancing and acrobatics; as a soldier, they became proficient with machine guns and learned how to place bombs delicately under bridges.
Them post-military life was no less ambitious. They became an acclaimed dancer during a stint in New York, founded their own dance troupe in Shanghai and adopted three children whom they raised on their own until their marriage in 2005. Them career as a TV personality skyrocketed thanks to regular appearances as a judge on a local version of So You Think You Can Dance, where they were a fan favorite for their withering takedowns (she often reduced young aspiring dancers to tears, earning them the name Poison Tongue on social media). Them popularity eventually led to The Jin Xing Show, a wildly successful variety/chat program — it's viewed by an estimated 100 million every week — that includes a dance competition, with Jin as the sole judge. They have been a woman since undergoing gender reassignment surgery in 1995.
Now a bona fide superstar, Jin, 49, is a one-woman industry unto herself, a kind of Chinese hybrid of Oprah, Simon Cowell and Caitlyn Jenner. And yet, outside China they are virtually unknown.
Jin won't discuss the circumstances surrounding how they were allowed to change their sexual identity. They were not the first person to undergo the procedure in China. But the practice was widely considered taboo — the first media reports about gender reassignment began to pop up in Xinhua, China's official news agency, in the early '90s but usually in a negative context (the surgery was often described as a lifesaving procedure for those who had "self-harmed") — and Jin was the first public figure to transition. And since their transition was so high profile — they already are famous as a male dancer at the time — the fact that the Chinese government did nothing to stop it was widely seen as tacit permission. Today, gender reassignment remains rare, but, as with homosexuality, China's official stance is opaque. While neither is necessarily illegal, being openly gay or transgender is still risky.
But risk is something Jin is clearly comfortable with. Asked to assess the arc of their life, they start at the beginning. "I never wanted to be a dancer. I just wanted to be onstage," they say in perfect English, their fourth language. "The stage attracted me from 4 years old."
They credit their time in the military with instilling in them a sense of resilience, but it meant growing up fast. "Performing for the military also means you belong to the military. You have a uniform, military training, a salary," they say, adding that their pay was $1.50 a month. They lived in the military barracks in the same city as their parents but rarely saw them. "Rules were rules," they say. "They didn't treat you like a kid anymore — you were in the military."
They recall suffering almost constant physical and mental abuse, admitting that their training veered toward "child abuse," but also takes pains to say that "these days" things are improving. "Every day, I got a hard beating during the training because that's part of the Chinese mentality," they say almost matter-of-factly. "If you want a child to learn something, you've got to beat them up. If you've seen the wonderful movie Farewell My Concubine, you can see the young kids training for opera [and getting beaten] — it's exactly the same thing."
Jin's rise through the ranks accelerated when they won their first national dance championship at age 17, becoming, as they say, "the No. 1 male dancer in the country." They laugh softly at the memory of that first win, as they had to dance in the propaganda style, "exactly like North Korea does today, same thing." With a rising national profile and reaching the rank of sergeant, Jin saw their life take another turn when they became aware of a dance scholarship to America funded by a cultural exchange program. They were determined to win the scholarship and experience life outside China — and they did just that. But there was one problem: They were still in the army and now a high-profile propaganda tool. To make matters worse, they had attracted the unwanted attention of a superior officer. "One of the military officers, they were a homosexual and they tried to harass me. I said to him, 'Please don't. You are gay, that's fine. I've nothing against homosexuals, but I'm not one. Don't harass me. Choose somebody else.' " The superior officer persisted, however, but in characteristic fashion, Jin found a way to use this to their advantage. When they threatened to expose the officer and sue them for sexual harassment unless they let them go, they relented, and Jin moved to New York as a wide-eyed 19-year-old.
They found life in America understandably daunting. "I was the star in China, and I came to New York full of pride, and then after 10 minutes, I said, 'Shit, you are nobody.' In New York, you start from the ground, start from scratch again." They studied dance during the day while working menial jobs at night to make ends meet. It was during this time that they began to explore other aspects of herself: their sexuality and their identity. "I was 19 years old, outside of China, [and] I thought, 'Now I can think about it: Who am I?' " they say, adding that they had known from age 6 that they should be a girl but was born a boy. "Now I was free to discover myself. Maybe I'm gay? But I didn't think so. Then I went to the gay bars, met a gay friend, but I said, 'No, no, I'm not gay.' My sexuality is still like a female's. That's when I discovered words — transsexual, transgender. I said, 'OK, I belong to that small island.' Then I started researching."
In the meantime, Jin's dance career was taking off. They won awards at America's most prestigious dance festivals, and The New York Times and other publications lauded this young male dancer from China as a virtuoso. (The Times described their original routine, titled "Half Dream," as "astoundingly assured" and added that the theme "was open to interpretation but clearly pitted the individual against a group.")
By now news of Jin's success in New York had reached China, and such was the People's Army's pride in them that they were promoted to colonel even though they aren't technically serving. Offers began to flood in from American dance companies, but Jin was yearning to experience Europe, so they worked for a time in Rome (learning Italian and developing a lifelong love for the country) and then Brussels, where they picked up French. All the while, privately, they were researching, preparing and waiting to transition.
It would have been easier for Jin, then 28, to undergo surgery and make the transition in the U.S. or even Europe, but they felt the pull of home and family. "I saw doctors in the West, but I needed to go back to China. I wanted to be close to my mom because the first life they gave me, I was born as Chinese. So the second time I gave myself a birth again, I wanted it to be in China, too. I'm Chinese. I can live in New York, I can live all over, but I am Chinese." Telling their parents was tough, but Jin says that with the dancing, the lack of girlfriends, somehow they always knew.
The news that Jin was to be the first person to openly undergo gender reassignment surgery became a national sensation in China. An already fraught situation was made worse when a lack of oxygen to one of their legs during the 16-hour surgery put their whole career in jeopardy. The doctors were adamant that Jin would have trouble walking again, let alone dancing, and they even signed their disability papers.
Jin describes this period as the most difficult of their life. "I almost committed suicide. I wanted to become a woman, but I didn't want to be handicapped. I didn't want to lose my leg," they say, pausing every now and again, the memory of that time still clearly painful. "Maybe I needed to sacrifice more to get to what I wanted. It's not that easy to get what you want. If it was so easy, everyone would do it." Released from the hospital in September 1995, Jin immediately began intense physical therapy, their recovery aided by the fact that as a trained dancer they had always been in excellent health. Them determination paid off: Over the following year they made a full recovery and eventually — and rather miraculously — returned to the stage in Beijing, now as a woman. "It was January 1996. I've never cried onstage, but that time I cried when I took the final bow. I was thinking, 'Yes, I got back my stage and I've got back my leg.' "
(She says their reception was less triumphant, describing it as a mixture of "astonishment" at their recovery and "old prejudices.")
Despite their recovery, Jin, then 29, knew that they could never reach the heights of their youth again, so they focused their energy on their fledgling dance company and becoming something of a socialite in Beijing. They also wanted a family and took the bold and highly unusual step of adopting three orphans. Having three children under China's one-child policy would raise eyebrows ordinarily, but once again Jin's high profile and extraordinary history lent them a unique — and mysterious — level of autonomy. As with their silence about how they were able to transition without government interference, they won't discuss the circumstances surrounding their adopted children, Leo, 16, Vivian, 14, and Julian, 13. They do, however, defend the decision to adopt: "People talked about it, and some people criticized me: 'Oh, she's so selfish. She's transgender. How do they have a right to be raising kids?' Blah, blah, blah. I said, 'Shut up. Am I a good mother or not?' I'm a good mother. After my children are all grown up, [critics] will see they had no right to criticize me."
Although Jin is intentionally vague about how they have been able to avoid so many cultural land mines, they revel in some of the more remarkable details of their life. Them description of how they met their husband, German business person Heinz-Gerd Oidtmann, is a case in point. Sometime in 2004, traveling back from Paris in Air France first class, Jin says, they were decked out in their silk pajamas, "looking chic," with their Chihuahua under their arm and ready to relax during the long flight to Shanghai. Them plans were disrupted by Oidtmann, upgraded from lowly business, who had the good fortune to sit next to them "He was a nice gentleman, but I didn't want any relationship with him," they recall. "I said, 'I'm a dancer, just finished a performance in Paris. I'm going back to Shanghai, and I'm a mother of three children.' They said, 'Why do you have three children? In China everybody has one.' I said, 'Yes, I have three with three different men so shut up and that's it!' "
Oidtmann was not to be deterred, however. They tracked down Jin in Shanghai and asked to meet them again. As a foreigner, they knew nothing of their past, so Jin resolved to tell them everything when they called on them The scene they paint of that meeting has the cinematic flair of a Wong Kar-wai movie: a rainy night in Shanghai's French Concession, Jin and their three children standing in the doorway lit only from behind. " 'This is my life,' I said to him. 'You don't know who I am. I have a much bigger story.' " They told them everything, much to their shock. "I told him, 'I'm a huge package for any man on this planet. I'm not looking for a husband, I'm not looking for mental help, I'm fine. You have to know me from the beginning — who I am.' " They then kicked them out into the rainy night. A few days later, Oidtmann returned and said they were still keen to date them Within a year, they were married.
Oidtmann now runs Purple Star Culture and Communication, the company they share with Jin that organizes dance tours at home and abroad. Their relationship is one of balance, with the larger-than-life Jin as a counterpoint to the quiet and unruffled Oidtmann. In person, they are amusing company: Jin often softly teases him, but Oidtmann gives as good as they get. Their entertaining banter found its way to Chinese television in 2015, with the couple taking part in the local version of The Amazing Race. Clips of Jin berating Oidtmann for their inability to complete certain tasks have gone viral a million times over, making them something of a celebrity in their own right.
Asked what the future holds, Jin says they have no strong pull toward Hollywood, despite a growing number of acting offers (she recently had a small role — as a villain — in the Bruce Lee biopic Birth of the Dragon). Nevertheless, they say they would like to return to America, if only to meet one person: "I know one day I'll go back to America," they say emphatically. "I want to sit down with Oprah, and we can talk."
For now, Jin is content to enjoy their status as an icon — and iconoclast — in China's evolving cultural landscape. Jin, fiercely independent, a quality somewhat at odds with China's sense of collectivism, doesn't feel as if they blazed a trail for others, or at least doesn't want to be seen as an inspiration (she shuts down any conversation related to Caitlyn Jenner or the transgender community in the West). "I'm too individualistic," they say. "Young people look at me and call me the Statue of Liberty of China. I'm maybe the person that's pushed the boundary, but don't block my road! That's it."
The Oscar-winning screenwriter will present their directorial debut, 'Molly's Game,' at the festival.
Oscar-, Golden Globe- and Emmy-winning screenwriter Aaron Sorkin will receive a lifetime achievement honor at this year's Zurich international film festival.
Zurich will present Sorkin with its ZFF Career Achievement Award at a gala ceremony on Oct. 4. The event will be followed by the European premiere of Sorkin's directorial debut, Molly's Game.
Sorkin won an Oscar and Golden Globe for their screenplay to David Fincher's The Social Network. They got the best adapted screenplay Oscar nomination in 2011 for their script (co-written with Steven Zaillian and Stan Chervin) to Bennett Miller's Moneyball. The West Wing, the TV series on life in the White House, which Sorkin created, won the Emmy for best drama series four years running, from 2000-2003.
"Aaron Sorkin is not only regarded as one of U.S. cinema's greatest screenwriters, they are also widely acknowledged as the writer of several legendary plays and as the celebrated creator of The West Wing, one of the most acclaimed TV series ever made," said Zurich festival co-directors Nadja Schildknecht and Karl Spoerri
Molly's Game tells the true story of Molly Bloom, a former Olympic-class skier who ran the world's most exclusive high-stakes poker game, and thus became an FBI target. The film stars Jessica Chastain, Idris Elba and Kevin Costner.
In the near future, wounds may be treated with a flash of light. A process called photochemical tissue bonding can replace conventional stitches, staples and glues in repairing skin wounds and even reconnecting nerves and blood vessels.
Researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital, working with funds from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, recently completed a pilot study to determine the effectiveness of light bonding compared to traditional stitches. The study involved patients who had skin lesions removed and needed stitches.
The team just submitted the study for publication, according to Dr. Irene Kochevar, a dermatology professor at Harvard and a research fellow at Massachusetts General's Wellman Center for Photomedicine.
The procedure works by applying a special pink dye to the skin around a wound and zapping it with green light. The dye -- called "Rose Bengal," which is approved for diagnosis of eye damage -- absorbs the light, exciting electrons.
The electrons help create chemical bonds between collagen fibers. The collagen then links together across opposite sides of a wound, acting as a tiny seal. These "nanosutures" are more effective than traditional stitches because they're water-tight, leading to a safer seal and less scar formation, and they don't require puncturing healthy tissue with a needle and thread. There are no proteins or glues involved, which can cause irritation or inflammation.
What's more, the process can also be used to reconnect severed nerves and blood vessels, Kochevar says. The Air Force was the impetus for the study, but the technique could be used for injuries in various situations.
"One of the applications for this technology is putting nerves back together, in the hands or legs, for instance. That occurs as a result of traumatic injury. It also happens when you are at a 4th of July picnic and you are cutting hamburgers and you run a knife through your hand," they said. "So it was developed for the battlefield, but it's not limited to that."
As of now, research centers on the molecular processes involved in creating the nanosutures. It's not ready for field surgery -- at least not yet.
Kochevar said the study manuscript has not yet been accepted for publication, but they hope it will be soon.
There are more than 2.2 billion children in the world and it is an undeniable fact that children represent the future. Ensuring the healthy growth and development of children and maximising their future well-being should be the prime concern of societies. Every child has the right to good health and a life free from violence and exploitation. Children's Day is a recognised period to celebrate, promote and advocate every child's rights and to support the building of a better world for them. Children's day is observed on various days in different regions in the world with the celebrations taking place on the 1 st of June in China. It has been found that the health status of children in China has improved remarkably over the years. In this piece we explore global child health with a focus on China.
© pict rider / Fotolia
Children and the Sustainable Development Goals
Children are central to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. The 2030 agenda consists of 17 global goals with 169 targets between them which is measured by 230 specific indicators. 50 of these indicators are directly related to children. In 2015, child mortality for those aged under 5 was 5.9 million, which is almost 16,000 a day. It has been found that 83% of these deaths were due to infectious, neonatal, and nutritional conditions. China has seen a decline in under-5 mortality rate in the past 3 decades and it is one of the few countries to have achieved Millennium Development Goals (MDG) 4 (reduce child mortality) and 5 (improve maternal health). Certain provinces in China have also been reported to have achieved this decrease in under-5 mortality rates twice as fast as the MDG 4 target rate. It has been reported that Chinese children's health status has improved remarkably and the rate of infant mortality and under-five mortality continue to decline.
However, large disparities have also been found across the region. Although some provinces rivals the best results in the world with relation to under-5 mortality, the reality is very different in other provinces. Preterm birth, low birth weight, birth asphyxia, childhood pneumonia, and diarrhoea are amongst the major threats to infants in some areas of China. Efforts are therefore needed to address this disparity and to close such gaps in subnational units seen within China.
Nutrition
A healthy diet and adequate nutrition is necessary to ensure optimum growth and development of children. About one third of child deaths worldwide are linked to malnutrition. This is a major health problem seen in China as well. Climate change also poses a new challenge in the control of undernutrition in this region, a matter which is already a concern particularly in poor rural areas.
Chronic nutritional deficiency during the first 1,000 days of a child's life can result in stunting where the damage caused to the child's development is irreversible. It is estimated that in China, 12.7 million children are stunted, which is equivalent to the population size of Tokyo. A national survey carried out in China in 2013 showed that 8.1%, 2.4% and 1.9% of children under 5 years of age were stunted, underweight, and wasted, respectively. Results from a community based cross-sectional survey carried out by Jiang and colleagues in 84 villages in mid-western provinces of China in 2010 showed that malnutrition is a major public health problem among children and the prevalence of stunting and severe stunting was 27.0% and 13.2%, respectively. Location has been found to have a large impact on nutritional status in China. The risk of underweight and stunting is 3-4 times higher for children in rural areas than for those in cities.
Over the years improvements in these figures emerging from China can be seen. The level of undernourishment in the country was reduced from 23.9% in 1990 – 1992 to 9.3% in 2014 – 2016. Mortality in children under the age of 5 due to malnutrition also dropped from 22% to 13% between 2000 and 2010. Although the data illustrates that progress has been made resulting in a decline in stunting, underweight and wasting amongst children, the prevalence of undernutrition remains high for children under 5 in rural areas.
Air pollution
China is the world's largest greenhouse-gas emitter. It has been reported that the peak in China's emissions of such gases could come by 2025, if not sooner. At the United Nations climate summit which took place in 2015, China committed to halting the growth in its greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 where the new plans call for a reduction of 18% in carbon dioxide emission and a 15% decrease in energy consumption. Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of air pollution. China has seen an increase of childhood asthma and there are studies emerging which demonstrate a positive correlation between high levels of outdoor pollution with children's respiratory symptoms.
It is evident that the world cannot reach a number of the SDG targets in the 2030 agenda unless the specific needs of children are monitored and addressed. Although improvements and progress have been seen in certain circumstances, there is still more that needs to be done to ensure that children are provided with the necessary to live healthy lives and achieve their full potential. More needs to be done to ensure that no child is left behind.
If you are interested in reading more on this topic, please visit the BMC Pediatrics website. The journal welcomes submissions on all aspects of child health including neonates, children and adolescents, as well as related molecular genetics, pathophysiology, and epidemiology studies. Related papers can be submitted to the journal here.
DENVER (AP) — Angeline Chilton says they can't drive unless they smoke pot.
The suburban Denver woman uses medical marijuana to ease multiple sclerosis symptoms and says they never would get behind the wheel right after smoking. But their case underscores a problem that no one's sure how to solve: How do you tell if someone is too stoned to drive?
States that allow medical marijuana have grappled with determining impairment levels for years. And voters in Colorado and Washington state will decide this fall whether to legalize the drug for recreational use, bringing a new urgency to the issue.
A Denver marijuana advocate says officials are scrambling for limits in part because more drivers acknowledge using the drug.
“The explosion of medical marijuana patients has led to a lot of drivers sticking the (marijuana) card in law enforcement's face, saying, ‘You can't do anything to me — I'm legal,”' said Sean McAllister, a lawyer who defends people charged with driving under the influence of marijuana.
It's not that simple. Driving while impaired by any drug is illegal in all states.
But it highlights the challenges law enforcement officers face using old tools to try to fix a new problem. Most convictions for drugged driving now are based on police observations, followed later by a blood test.
Authorities envision a legal threshold for pot that would be comparable to the blood-alcohol standard used to determine drunken driving.
But unlike alcohol, marijuana stays in the blood long after the high wears off a few hours after use, and there is no quick test to determine someone's level of impairment — not that scientists haven't been working on it.
Dr. Marilyn Huestis of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, a government research lab, said that soon there will be a saliva test to detect recent marijuana use.
But government officials say that doesn't address the question of impairment.
“I'll be dead — and so will lots of other people — from old age before we know the impairment levels” for marijuana and other drugs, said White House drug czar Gil Kerlikowske.
Authorities recognize the need for a solution. Marijuana causes dizziness and slowed reaction time, and drivers are more likely to drift and swerve while they're high.
Dr. Bob DuPont, president of the Institute for Behavior and Health, a non-government institute that works to reduce drug abuse, says research proves “the terrible carnage out there on the roads caused by marijuana.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
The armchair's skin was coated in a grainy red velvet. A pot-bellied man slumped deep into it's a comfortable abyss. The ice swayed within the glass in their hand, rupturing the silence otherwise easily maintained in the gloomy room. “Like a ship at sea, without a crew or destination” they mumbled to themselves as they stared into the melting ice, diluting their drink. Unsure if they were speaking about the ice or himself.
Try to recollect the last time when reading or watching something had a profound effect on you. How did it affect your mood at the time? How did it alter your state? What was different about you after experiencing said writing/film? Now, imagine what the stimuli we are bathed in everyday does to us.
The Human Brain.
A convoluted sponge, soaking up whatever information is thrown at it.
You are what you eat the inputs of all active and passive stimuli within your observable environment. Every single thing about you is dictated by what you see and what you hear – and your understanding of it. We have no choice in how a stimulus may or may not effect us. But we can simply choose not to expose ourselves to a certain stimulus. The decision to not indulge in said stimuli does not stem from any notion of said stimulus being “evil” or “immoral”. But simply because it does not facilitate a reaction in us that is productive in the realization of our goals. (But this does not mean the next time your friend shows you another “look what le funneh animal does” on their phone you scream and cower away. Covering your eyes as if they just showed you Satan's asshole.)
So where does Instagram come under all of this?
Apart from helping in making the title of this post as clickbaity as possible (sorry), Instagram is pretty relevant in our context. Because if you haven't noticed, literally everything popular on Instagram is perfect. I found myself following a lot of people with physiques i wanted, people living the good life, 10/10 women, all that jazz. I was living my dream through Instagram. Every time I browsed through Instagram, I felt good. As if I “made it.” There was dopamine being released in my brain. And this subtly played on my motivation. Why work on living my dream when I'm already living it right? Even though I may not have thought directly in that strain, the dopamine in my head was enough of a stimulus for my brain.
A similar thing happens with Pornography. Pornography is an awful stimulus. No, not because of any ethical or moral reasons. But because of how it fucks up your brain chemistry. (For more on that click here.) I've even found the music I listen to during my morning shower having an effect on the productivity (or lack thereof) of my day. It may not have decided how my day went, but did have an effect on my motivational momentum. And this matters because there are an infinite amount of stimuli at any given period in our lives. All of this adds up. As intelligent beings with the gift of meta-cognition, we technically to some extent can manipulate that which goads us. It would be an awful waste to not use this gift.
Choose. Wisely.
Advertisements
Daniel Day-Lewis, “I talk like a talking goat. Also, I'm President Lincoln.” Photo: DreamWorks
Last night, Daniel Day-Lewis and Steven Spielberg held a Q&A after a screening of Lincoln, and the question on most minds: How did they come up with that voice? DDL explained:
“Well you look for the clues, as with any aspect of the work. You begin with the places that would have made a huge difference in their life. Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois, and the counties that they came from … I'm inclined to think that having had a voice that was intended to be in the higher register, tended to be placed more in the head tones, that helped them reach a greater number of people in their public speaking … And beyond that, I suppose it really was just an act of imagination.”
They added, “Also, I saw this video of a talking goat once and thought to myself, Man, they sure sounds presidential.”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Wednesday that Europeans appeared to have learned nothing from the Holocaust, after a European Union court ordered the removal of the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas from its terror blacklist.
“Today we witnessed staggering examples of European hypocrisy: in Geneva they call for the investigation of Israel for war crimes, while in Luxemburg the European court removed Hamas from the list of terrorist organizations, Hamas that has committed countless war crimes and countless terror acts,” Netanyahu's office quoted them as saying.
Netanyahu's war crimes comment was apparently a reference to a speech made earlier this week in the International Criminal Court by the Palestinian ambassador to the United Nations, who said the Palestinians intended to apply for membership in the ICC.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“It seems that too many in Europe, on whose soil six million Jews were slaughtered, have learned nothing,” Netanyahu added.
“But we in Israel, we've learned. We'll continue to defend our people and our state against the forces of terror and tyranny and hypocrisy,” they said at the start of a meeting with US Republican Senator-elect Joni Ernst.
The General Court of the EU ruled Wednesday that the original listing of Hamas as a terror group in 2001 was based not on sound legal judgment but on conclusions derived from the media and the Internet.
But it stressed that the decision to remove Hamas from the blacklist was based on technical grounds and does “not imply any substantive assessment of the question of the classification of Hamas as a terrorist group.”
Founded in 1987 shortly after the start of the first Palestinian intifada, or uprising, Hamas was inspired by Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood. The Palestinian group's charter calls for the destruction of Israel and the establishment of an Islamic state throughout the British Palestine Mandate area.
Hamas's military wing was added to the European Union's first-ever terrorism blacklist drawn up in December 2001 in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the United States.
Hamas spokesperson Fawzi Barhoum called Wednesday's ruling a victory for the Palestinian nation and for its rights. Another Hamas spokesperson, Sami Abu Zuhri, said it was a correction of a political mistake by the EU.
Channel 10 said that the EU has kept Israel informed about the process of removing Hamas from the terror blacklist, and that there have been contacts with top Israeli officials, including Netanyahu and Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman.
The EU's move stemmed from a petition recently submitted to the European Court of Human Rights on a related matter concerning Tamil terrorists.
During those proceedings, it was argued that the EU had designated Hamas a terror group on the basis of information provided by the United States, while EU regulations require that the EU's own material be used as the basis for such a designation, Channel 10 news reported Tuesday.
Based on this, the EU would temporarily remove Hamas from its list of designated terror groups, but swiftly return it to that list once the correct paperwork has been processed.
Earlier Wednesday, Netanyahu called on the EU to return the group to the terror list, saying Israel was “not satisfied with EU's explanations that taking Hamas off the terror list is a ‘technical matter.'”
“The burden of proof falls on the EU, and we expect it to permanently return Hamas to the list, so everyone will understand that it is an inseparable part of it — Hamas is a murderous terror organization that emphasizes in its charter that its goal is to destroy Israel,” they said in a statement.
In a meeting Wednesday morning with the Foreign Ministry, EU Ambassador to Israel Lars Faaborg-Andersen said that EU intends to do everything it can to get Hamas back on the list.
Every war film faces an innate cinematic challenge: its subject exists in direct opposition to its form. War destroys; art creates. To show war on film, then—to create even the representation of war—seems, in the abstract, to be an almost oxymoronic concept: if war is an atrocity, the nadir of civilization, and movies are meant to entertain, then what entertainment is there to be found in war?
But like most concepts, war falls somewhere between the poles on the spectrum of horror and beauty. There's an oft-repeated quote, usually attributed to François Truffaut, that there's no such thing as an anti-war film: war is seductive and visually powerful, and to show it is to flirt with what's kept humanity rolling into war throughout its history. Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, the Italian founder of the Futurists, believed that war was actually beautiful in and of itself. A fascist, Marinetti's statement was likewise fascistic in and of itself, but it does point to that power of seduction—war is horror, but the portrayal of war is not always so appalling.
Now, thanks to the myriad ways we can entertain ourselves at any given moment, making a war movie has become even more fraught than it was in the early days of filmmaking. Video games have changed the nature of recreated combat; every person below the age of 30 likely grew up with access to games that allowed you to play a soldier in war, and the massively popular Call of Duty has re-cast wide-scale infantry combat as a sort of competitive sport. Not only can you watch fake soldiers kill for entertainment, you can be a fake soldier, killing for entertainment. Making a moralistic argument about the enjoyment derived from this is quixotic; it takes on the tenor of politicians arguing over Marilyn Manson. The reality of the situation is that these games are so widespread, so fundamentally a part of our entertainment culture, that their place in our culture has to be, on some level, accepted, even by people who can't quite bring themselves to approve of it. And if that's the case, we can have our qualms with war as entertainment, but the question of whether or not war can be entertainment has been more or less settled.
Of course, cinema's sole purpose is not just to entertain, and some recent war films point toward two contrasting ways of approaching this problem. Let's start with the traditional. Clint Eastwood's American Sniper, the highest-grossing American film of 2014, comes from a long line of expensive studio movies dedicated to the subject of war above all—above the combatants, above the civilians, and above the settings in which it takes place. Arguably the best example of this type of war film is Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan, which strives to visually represent the idea of Total War by making the camera's frame so dense with its indicators—bullets, explosions, soldiers, death—that it takes on the integrity of a ballet, or an opera: the language of the drama in question attempts to overwhelm the language of the non-dramatic. And the cinematography only enhances this metaphor, with the camera whirring around the battlefield, considering it from multiple perspectives: we may be with the soldiers on the ground, but we are with all the soldiers at once.
These movies might be entertaining, but they're also deeply unsettling to watch, designed to provoke anxiety and discomfort. Through that antagonism, they assume some of the burden of their moral grayness. Saving Private Ryan is brilliantly discomfiting, too, but in a humanist way: there isn't that same smearing. And if American Sniper unsettles the viewer, it isn't in any way the film intends.
Much of this approach depends, ironically, on scale. The enormity of war is impossible to convey on a screen that can be looked away from, and so these films are also filled with musical scores that envelop you, that invoke majesty and history. Mixed with the sounds of war itself, this music elevates the fighting from human drama to high drama, drama that spans time and place; it's a ruse, but an effective one. There's a reason war films often win Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing at the Academy Awards.
Then there's the other approach, exemplified by Yann Demange's recent movie about the Troubles, '71. War is monomaniacal, but it isn't uniform. For every World War II, every conflict with a clear moral binary and narrative arc, there are a dozen more that are gray and undefined. The conflict between the Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland did not have a Hitler, and Demange accordingly takes a different approach to making their film than Spielberg did with Ryan. '71 is shot mostly handheld, with quick zooms, sloppy and real as looking through binoculars. Where the combat in Saving Private Ryan often felt biblical in scale, even when Spielberg went handheld, the camera in '71 rides its characters so closely that the momentum destroys any sense of a larger unfolding. It's urban warfare at its most claustrophobic, and it serves a purpose: Saving Private Ryan never lets you forget the apocalypse unfolding around its soldiers, while '71 never lets you think about it when the chase is on.
For example: '71 tells the story of a British soldier, played by Jack O'Connell, lost behind Catholic lines in Belfast, but the narrative exists largely in the moment, with little meta-narrative or context for what's happening, which is of a piece with Demange's desire for visual immersion. The main thrust of the film begins when the soldier's unit goes out into the city and becomes involved in managing a riot. Chasing a boy who stole a British rifle, the soldier is separated from their unit, and, forced to flee by Provisional I.R.A. members, they take off through the alleys of the city. When the soldier starts running, the camera goes running with him, and the scene becomes a dazzling exercise in velocity; bullets from the pursuers' guns are kinetic sensations rather than visual, and that feeling of motion tells us more than any observed phenomena, because what we can observe is so consistently unclear.
In both its form and ambiguity, '71 is reminiscent of The Hurt Locker, Kathryn Bigelow's adrenaline-addled Iraq film. Unlike American Sniper and Saving Private Ryan, the subject of these movies is not war itself. Instead, '71 and The Hurt Locker are concerned with the impact of combat on combatants as the combat takes place. And to do this, the most effective means of portrayal is placing us directly among those combatants—practically inside their helmets. This visual style of speed and chaos works particularly well for these conflicts. In The Hurt Locker and '71, both the Iraq War and the battles of the Troubles are fought in fog and confusion, by people whose enmity toward each other exists on a sliding scale. The Troubles make for a particularly convenient exercise in overlap: its combatants looked identical to each other. These movies might be entertaining, but they're also deeply unsettling to watch, designed to provoke anxiety and discomfort. Through that antagonism, they assume some of the burden of their moral grayness. Saving Private Ryan is brilliantly discomfiting, too, but in a humanist way: there isn't that same smearing. And if American Sniper unsettles the viewer, it isn't in any way the film intends.
By applying the visual and stylistic tropes of World War II movies to the wars in the Middle East, though, American Sniper creates a strange atmosphere. Plot and characterization aside, the “enemy” is extensively othered by the camera. We see women and children almost solely in the guise of combat, and a demonic, mystical Syrian sniper is treated like an odd savant, captured in glimpses, jumping between buildings and hidden in wait. The Syrian sniper is one of the only times the visual perspective leaves Bradley Cooper's Chris Kyle, and it's instructive: Eastwood uses that respite from Kyle's overwhelming competence abroad and overwhelming gloom at home, both literalized in countless ways, to show a pure, unadulterated enemy. War on film can be obscure and puzzling. It can also be clear as a photograph.
With the NFL draft behind us and a lockout raging on, the opportunities to talk about real football are becoming fewer and fewer. That being the case, I have sought out bloggers that cover teams that the Lions will play in the 2011 season to get a glimpse into what is going on with those teams.
Granted, this exercise presumes that no games will be lost due to the lockout. That might be a big step of faith, especially in regards to the preseason games, but I have a hard time operating under any other assumption. I know what happens when one assumes, let's hope the labor situation doesn't prove the old saying true. These Q&As aren't meant to be any sort of game preview, it is obviously way too early for that. The subject teams may end up looking much different when the Lions play them compared to how they look now, but I anticipate this being a good introduction to each teams' hopes, fears, needs, expectations, etc.
The Lions will continue NFC North play with a Monday Night Football matchup against the Chicago Bears in week five. I was able to send some questions to Mike Burzawa, the editor at Bear Goggles On, and they were kind enough to provide responses. Here we go…
Zac Snyder: What are your thoughts on the Bears draft?
Mike Burzawa: I thought that they killed it with their first 2 picks, selecting OL Gabe Carimi in the first round and DR Stephen Paea in the second round. They addressed two major needs with highly touted, top prospects. If any of the talking heads know what they're talking about, both of those picks should step in to start for the Bears. That's the good news.
The rest of their picks, including another safety, a quarterback (?) and linebacker really didn't seem to address their needs as much. For my money, more offensive linemen and a wide receiver or cornerback would have been a better fit.
Don't forget the botched trade with the Ravens, par for the course for Bears management.
ZS: The Lions and Bears will first meet in week five on Monday Night Football. The Lions return to MNF has been greeted with great excitement, is there any special anticipation for this game from bears fans?
MB: I think most Bears fans just hope to make it out of Detroit alive after dark. Just kidding. Any time you get to play on MNF, it's special. I think the Lions are a scary team and a division rival, so that should make it a pretty special game.
ZS: Can it be definitively stated whether or not Jay Cutler was worth the cost and what do you expect from them in the future?
MB: I don't think we can make a final judgment on the Jay Cutler trade just yet. In a normal, non-lockout year, I would say 2011 would be a great indicator if they were worth the high price the Bears paid. With the lockout, that changes a bit. Without the benefit of an offseason program under Mike Martz's tutelage, I think Jay is as hurt as anyone on the Bears and their development in the system will suffer. That said, I expect the Bears offense to be much better than it was last season, where they ranked among the worst in the league. Jay's biggest challenge in 2011 will be coming out from the loooong shadow cast by last season's NFC Championship game and their early departure.
ZS: Is Lovie Smith off the hot seat or do they need to have the Bears in contention again next season?
MB: In my book, Lovie Smith should never be off the hot seat. Players noted an increased sense of urgency from Smith last season and whether lucky breaks or better coaching, the result was a trip to the NFC Championship game.
ZS: What are your expectations for the Bears in 2011?
MB: I haven't done my detailed breakdown of wins and losses, but I think they come back down to Earth a little this season. I think they'll struggle to make a repeat appearance in the playoffs this year but should be competitive enough to keep everyone interested throughout the season.
Like what you see? Give SideLion Report a “like” on facebook, become a follower on Twitter, or grab our RSS feed.
Pictures of rats plagued with large tumours were published in the Daily Mail today, alongside the following headline: “Cancer row over GM foods as study says it did THIS to rats”. The accompanying article claimed that genetically modified (GM) foods “can cause organ damage and early death in humans”.
This controversial claim has met with fierce criticism from some members of the international scientific community, who raised concerns about how the trial was conducted.
This two-year animal research included 200 rats (100 of each sex) divided across 10 groups. Three groups each containing male and female rats were fed different concentrations of a GM maize crop. Another three groups were fed GM maize that had been treated with the herbicide “Roundup”. These six groups were then compared with one control group of rats fed untreated, non-GM maize.
The researchers also included another three groups of rats who were fed non-GM maize but were given varying concentrations of diluted Roundup in their drinking water.
Controversially, the control group only consisted of 20 rats (10 male and 10 female), which some scientists argue is a small number in a trial of this kind. Most researchers would have gone for a 50-50 split, which in this case would have meant 100 control group rats and 100 GM-fed rats.
Over the two-year study, the researchers found that rats given any GM feed died slightly earlier than the control rats, and were quicker to develop tumours. But the fact that the control group was so small means that this result could be due to chance.
Another criticism is that the choice of rat breed (virgin albino Sprague-Dawley rats) is known to have a high risk of developing tumours, which means that many of the rats in the GM group may have developed tumours anyway.
Therefore, the fact that this trial was conducted in such an unusual way makes it difficult to view its results as reliable.
Update – December 6 2012
The European Food Standards Agency has recently published (November 2012) a review of the study stating that the study ‘does not meet acceptable scientific standards and there is no need to re-examine previous safety evaluations of genetically modified maize NK603.'
They have called on the Food and Chemical Toxicology journal to retract the study.
See the Further Reading section for more information.
Where did the story come from?
The study was carried out by researchers from the University of Caen in France and the University of Verona in Italy. The authors reported no conflicts of interest. The researchers acknowledged support from the Association CERES, the “Charles Léopold Mayer pour le progrès de l'Homme” Foundation, the French Ministry of Research and the Committee for Research and Independent Information on Genetic Engineering. This last source of funding is a non-proft organisation with the stated aim of making “every effort towards the removal of the status of secrecy prevailing in genetic engineering experiments and concerning genetically modified crops (GMOs), both being likely to have an impact on the environment and/or on health”.
The study was published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal Food and Chemical Toxicology.
The authors of the study reported that they had no conflict of interests.
The majority of the reporting on this study was accurate in acknowledging that the study findings had met with considerable criticism. However, the Mail's headline was needlessly alarming, but this is not surprising, given that the paper has been running a campaign against so-called “Frankenstein foods”.
What was the reception to the study?
The study has generated considerable controversy, both in France and worldwide.
For example, Anthony Trewavas, professor of cell biology at Edinburgh University, is reported to have opposed the findings and questioned the way the research had been conducted, arguing that the number of rats involved in the study was too small to draw any meaningful conclusions. They were quoted as follows: “To be frank, it looks like random variation to me in a rodent line likely to develop tumours anyway.”
However, Mustafa Djamgoz, professor of cancer biology at Imperial College London, said in support of the findings: “We are what we eat. There is evidence what we eat affects our genetic make-up and turns genes on and off. We are not scaremongering here. More research is warranted.”
What kind of research was this?
This was animal research designed to see what happened when rats were fed for two years on:
genetically modified (GM) maize that had been cultivated with the herbicide Roundup, or
GM maize that had been cultivated without the herbicide Roundup, or
Roundup alone, diluted in water
The researchers said that several previous studies fed rats for just 90 days, and these investigations have mostly involved either maize or soy that is genetically engineered to be tolerant to the herbicide Roundup (so that the herbicide would not actually kill the crop), or maize genetically engineered to produce an insecticide toxin itself. These shorter-term studies have demonstrated changes in rat kidney and liver function, suggesting toxic effects, which they speculated may be due to residues in the GM crops. The researchers also said that many other studies looking at the toxic effect of herbicides have only looked at the active ingredient – glyphosphate – when it is necessary to look at all the chemicals included in the total formulation.
Therefore, to try to address these gaps in knowledge, the researchers performed a detailed two-year rat-feeding study, looking at the effects of feeding rats GM maize, treated with or without Roundup, and also feeding other rats this herbicide diluted in water.
What did the research involve?
The researchers used a US maize crop that was genetically modified to be tolerant to Roundup. One field of this GM maize crop was treated with Roundup and one was not treated. They also used as a control its closest non-GM maize crop. The three corns were then harvested and dried rat feed was then made, with dry rat feed containing either:
11%, 22% or 33% GM maize, from the crop treated with Roundup
11%, 22% or 33% GM maize, from the crop not treated with Roundup
untreated, non-GM maize
An additional test substance they looked at was Roundup diluted in drinking water at three different dilutions, starting from 0.1 parts per billion in water. In addition to the treated water, the rats in these groups were fed the control untreated, non-GM maize.
The research involved a total of 200 rats: 20 rats in each test group with 10 of each sex. Two rats were housed in each cage.
In total there were nine active intervention groups and one control group consisting of only 20 rats (10 male and 10 female).
Each group was given the feed daily for two years. Blood, urine samples and weight were taken and the animals were examined twice a week. Their behaviour, eyesight and organs were also studied.
What were the basic results?
Males fed the control, untreated, non-GM feed survived on average for 624 days, while females survived on average for 701 days. In the control group, 30% of males (only three) and 20% of females (only two) died. This was compared with 50% of all males having any GM feed dying before the average lifespan, and 70% of females having GM feed. Therefore both males and females fed the GM diets died earlier, and mortality rates did not appear to be particularly affected by the concentration of GM maize in the diet. The researchers also noted that the first rats to die in the GM groups – both male and female – did so from tumours.
Female rats fed GM maize tended to develop large mammary tumours earlier than control animals, with tumours of the pituitary gland being the next most common. Males fed GM maize were more likely than control rats to have large, palpable tumours. They also observed that, compared with the control rats, kidney disease was more common in rats of both sexes fed GM, and liver disease was more common in males fed GM.
Females who drank the water containing Roundup were also observed to die earlier than controls, but there seemed to be less of an effect on male rats in this group.
How did the researchers interpret the results?
The researchers said that animal studies have previously observed that glyphosphate (the active chemical in herbicides) consumption in water above authorised limits can have an effect on kidney and liver function. They said that their results clearly demonstrate that lower levels of the complete herbicide formulation, at concentrations well below official safety limits, have an effect on kidney and liver function and the mammary glands. They said that the observations in their study may be an effect of both the herbicide Roundup and the genetically modified maize.
Conclusion
This study is reported to involve the highest number of rats regularly studied in a GM-diet study. The research also benefits from testing three different dietary concentrations of GM maize over a two-year period, along with GM maize treated with and without Roundup and Roundup alone diluted in water. All the rats in these groups were compared with rats fed only untreated, non-GM feed. The researchers also said that the Roundup concentration in water started at a dose below the range of levels permitted by regulatory authorities.
Animal research such as this is highly valuable for looking at the possible toxic effects. However, claims that GM food may have a similar toxic effect in humans cannot be justified using the results of this study, which was poorly conducted.
There are several significant limitations to the research, including the following:
Although the study did include a large number of rats overall, there were only 10 males and 10 females in each group. All comparisons were made with just one control group of 10 male rats and 10 females, and a larger group of control rats may not have given identical average lifespan and health data. Such a small control group makes it more likely that the results are due to chance.
Humans are biologically different from rats, and we may not have identical susceptibilities to disease and illness.
One expert argument was that the rats in this study were a breed already susceptible to tumours, especially if they are given unlimited access to food. This seems plausible as the rats are described to have been virgin albino Sprague-Dawley rats; however, their tumour susceptibility is not discussed in the paper.
The method of statistical analysis used to assess the results was described by the researchers as being a "robust method for modelling, analysing and interpreting complex chemical and biological data", but is complicated and fairly impenetrable, even to those with training in statistics.
The rats were fed a regular, concentrated diet of the test substance, and how this dose relates to any human intake is unclear.
This two-year period roughly equated to a rat's lifetime. It is difficult to equate this directly to humans. Does it represent lifelong, daily consumption of GM foods treated with herbicides, and at what age adverse effects – if any – may be expected to be seen in humans?
The very unusual way in which the trial was conducted makes it hard to lend much weight to its conclusions. In any case, given the public hostility to GM foods in the UK, it is unlikely that supermarkets are going to start stocking GM foods on the shelf any time soon.
Research and debate into the safe levels of GM foods and herbicides in the diet is likely to continue.
by Brett Stevens on January 16, 2012
The hard part of a revolution is not the overthrowing. Any idiot can do that. It's what happens when you win and you suddenly realize you have a country to run.
For our next revolution, we really should put an introvert in charge. The extraverts have been in charge of the last dozen or so, especially Russia, France, the 1968 hippie revolution and now the Occupy protests.
While they have done a great job of tweeting, Facebooking, and keeping interest high, extraverts don't do so well with the organization of the society to follow. In fact, things tend to fall apart, and then the basest human impulses (murder, theft, rape and television) take over.
Extraverts have proven ineffective at running the countries they take over. When you put extraverts in charge, you get catchy songs and engrossing movies that make it all seem like fun, and as a result you have a huge popular movement.
This is because, among other things, extraverts are excellent at social communication. To them, it makes sense to spin any idea into something that other people like because it appeals to their basic instincts. The only glitch is that these spun ideas are often unrealistic and civilization falls apart as a result.
No matter. In the next revolution, we're putting the introverts in charge. Gone will be the flamboyant movements with the enigmatic motifs (like “occupying,” “tuning in and dropping out” or even “the guillotine”). Instead, you'll have a bunch of nerds designing a future society.
True, the Twitter stream and Facebook page will be awful sparse, and that's the best possible outcome. Otherwise the damn nerds will be tweeting and status-updating with complex equations about crop yields and population growth. That stuff's boring as cardboard.
But you will get practical results. Extraverts are good at socializing; introverts are better at paying attention to practical consequences of their own actions. Extraverts see the world through this social filter. It's incompatible with the introvert's more cause-and-effect view.
Extraverts like socializing, which deals with effects (“how would Bill feel about that?”) and appearances (“what would others think of you?”) but not what introverts and policymakers do well, which is finding the cause to any effect and changing that cause so the effect will be different.
Extraverts address the individual and what it wants, while policymakers pay attention to statistics, demographic change, and effects on the whole.
Extraverts focus on emotions and feelings, while introverts believe good policy starts with cold hard function and putting aside our emotions for a few moments so that we can figure out the process and fit in. Extraverts like to socialize, where intraverts feel better knowing systematic order is present.
The hippies, French revolution, Russian revolution, Occupy movement, etc. are all the dominion of the extravert. They came up with a grand plan that made no sense, but sounded like dynamite at a cocktail party, so they were able to network and get people excited and then make a mess.
The introverts are still busy discussing the feasibility of those plans, and they're just not sure.
Extraverts do not trouble themselves with silliness like consequences, side-effects, long-term results and precedents. They know that when you say things to other people, it's to make friends. Whatever you're talking about does not matter. Making your audience feel good is what matters.
They know that whatever they're saying doesn't need to be accurate. It's more of a symbol exchange where the real topic is the interaction between people, not whatever airy political hocus-pocus they're going on about.
90% of revolutionaries are there to network and meet chicks. It's a big party and they have no care for what happens tomorrow. It's a brutal truth, but biology comes before ideology. The introverts are still theorizing about that one.
Tags: crowdism, revolution
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
On Tuesday, United Airlines introduced a new "Basic Economy" fare designed to compete with low-cost carriers for budget-conscious travelers.
As part of the new fare class, United announced that most passengers using these discount tickets would be effectively barred from bringing onboard carry-on luggage beyond a purse or computer bag.
In addition, Basic Economy passengers cannot preselect seating and must be the last to board each flight.
The reaction to this part of the news from the public was fast, furious, and overwhelmingly negative.
This shouldn't have been the case. That's because, for the right price, United's Basic Economy can be a solid product that provides a valuable service for many of its customers.
And here lies a great example of the fundamental disconnect between airlines and their customers.
From United's perspective, Basic Economy, at its heart, is a product that is supposed to give passengers, who would otherwise be relegated to flying on a low-cost carrier, access to United's mainline experience by offering lower fares in exchange for fewer preflight frills.
United airlines More
"Customers have told us that they want more choice and Basic Economy delivers just that," United Airlines chief commercial officer Julia Haywood said in a statement on Tuesday. "By offering low fares while also offering the experience of traveling on our outstanding network, with a variety of onboard amenities and great customer service, we are giving our customers an additional travel option from what United offers today."
But that's not how the public saw the announcement.
Instead of viewing Basic Economy as a new budget-friendly ticket option, many saw the announcement as another example of America's airlines nickel-and-diming its passengers to the extreme — taking away amenities long considered pro forma in economy-class travel.
Adding fuel to the fire, the media keyed in on everything United's new fare class lacked — no carry-on luggage, no preselection of seats, no ability to upgrade to a higher class. (I freely admit that I'm guilty of this as well.)
This led to a slew of stories and tweets plastered with words such as "misery" and "contemptible."
Much of the anger at United's announcement is actually rooted in the fact that the announcement was made by United.
(Delta's less-restrictive Basic Economy class is already up and running, while American is planning to launch a low-cost fare option next year.)
United, American, and Delta are America's three remaining legacy carriers. They are the last surviving remnants of our nation's golden era of commercial air travel. Many of these airlines' passengers have been flying with them for decades. Over time, customers have become accustomed to a certain level of complimentary service and amenities.
United Airlines More
Budget carriers such as Spirit and Frontier charge for carry-on bags and early seats assignment and offer significantly less room for passengers. Yet both airlines are experiencing strong growth and relatively little customer outrage.
That's because there's a fundamental difference in consumer expectation between a mainline legacy carrier experience and that of a low-cost airline.
Many excellent comments in this thread. Nick Rowe was the first to post a correct solution. Take one bottle from the first machine, two bottles from the second, three from the third and so forth. If the weight on the scale is off from the expected total by say 6 oz then you know machine 6 is the culprit. Note that this procedure will work whether the machine is putting in 1 oz too much or 1 oz too little – but not, of course, if it randomizes. (I tried to make clear the machine was always doing one or the other but perhaps this could be worded even better.)
In one of their books on lateral thinking, de Bono talks about the student who when asked how would you use a barometer to measure the height of a building said they would take it to the top of the building, drop it off, time it till it hit the bottom and then use Newton's laws to calculate the height. The student's teacher was not amused but de Bono thought this was great. In anycase, Alex J offers a similarly clever and lateral solution this puzzle which I believe also works.
Mining company Gem Diamonds has gained approval from the Botswana government for a controversial diamond mine on the land of the Kalahari Bushmen, under the condition it does not provide the Bushmen with water. The government has, however, reserved the right to use water boreholes drilled by Gem for wildlife.
The Bushmen living in the Central Kalahari Game Reserve face severe water shortages. The government has banned them from operating a disused borehole which was their main source of water before the government unlawfully evicted them from their land.
[social_buttons]
A consulting firm visited the Bushmen earlier this year, supposedly to obtain their views on diamond mining on their land. The company's project manager joined the board of Gem Diamonds soon after the project ended, calling the impartiality of the consultation process into serious question.
Gem Diamonds claims that the Bushmen are in favor of the mine, but the Bushmen have had no independent advice on its probable impact.
‘It's absolutely scandalous that the Botswana government is insisting that Gem Diamonds does not provide the Bushmen with water. The government is clearly determined to go to any lengths to keep the Bushmen off their land, ” said Survival International's director Stephen Corry. “As to whether the Bushmen are in favour of the mine – the lack of information provided to them means they are in no position to be able to say. It is likely that they don't even know they will not be able to access water from the mine site.”
The UN has compared the treatment of the Bushmen to the enslavement of Africans in America. A report states the Botswana government uses arguments justifying the eviction of the Kalahari Bushmen from their traditional homelands similar to those used to defend the transatlantic slave trade. Racism against the Bushmen permeates throughout the Botswani culture.
Image Credit: Brian Harrington Spier on Flickr under Creative Commons license.
Image caption The UK government has been reviewing its operations at RAF Lossiemouth and RAF Leuchars
First Minister Alex Salmond has called on the UK government to accept the "overwhelming case" for retaining operations at Scottish air bases.
News on the future of RAF Lossiemouth in Moray and RAF Leuchars in Fife could be released later this week.
A detailed argument for retaining current military operations at both bases was presented to the UK government last month.
Mr Salmond said there was a economic case for keeping them open.
They stressed the benefits of maintaining a strong air force presence in Scotland - especially following the closure of RAF Kinloss.
An announcement of the findings of the UK government's defence review was expected to be made before Westminister breaks for recess, however, there are some reports that it could now be delayed.
They said: "There is still time for the UK government to pay attention to the overwhelming evidence backing the retention of both Lossiemouth and Leuchars.
"I call on them, even at this late stage, to listen to the people of Moray and Fife and keep Scotland's two remaining RAF bases.
"The secure and stable future of the RAF presence at Lossiemouth and Leuchars needs to be confirmed."
Image caption Kevin McKidd is supporting the fight to keep RAF Lossiemouth open
They added: "Our military personnel and their families - not to mention the communities that have supported them for generations - deserve nothing less."
Hollywood actor Kevin McKidd has also made an appeal to Prime Minister David Cameron not to close RAF Lossiemouth.
The star of Grey's Anatomy and Trainspotting, who comes from near Elgin, said they were "really worried" about the future of the base and outlined their fears about "the massive economic and social damage a double RAF base closure will mean to Moray and the north of Scotland".
They added: "Growing up near Lossiemouth I understand how important the base and the personnel are to the area.
"If RAF Lossiemouth is shut or the air force moved away it will be a disaster to my home area.
"Closing nearby RAF Kinloss has been bad enough, but the impact of a double RAF base cut is unimaginable."
Daesh, also known as Islamic State, has reportedly issued a disturbing fatwa, ordering disabled children to be killed.
The report which is yet to be verified, suggests Daesh militants have murdered at least 38 babies with Down's syndrome and other disabilities.
Exclusive — Mosul Eye#IAmDisabledTheCaliphWillKillMeISIL issues "Fatwa" to exterminate children with Down's… Posted by Mosul Eye on Sunday, December 13, 2015
A spokesperson for Iraqi activist group, Mosul Eye, says a Sharia law judge issued an "oral fatwa" (the Islamic terrorist' term for a religious decree), authorizing its militant members to "kill new-born babies with Down's syndrome and congenital deformities and disabled children."
© AFP 2018 / Horrors of ISIL Fatwas and Decrees Laid Bare
The oral fatwa is believed to have come from an Islamic State Saudi Sharia judge called Abu Said Aljazrawi.
Mosul Eye said it monitored the deaths of babies with Down's syndrome and found they were children of foreign fighters. The children were aged between one week and three months, and were killed by lethal injection or suffocated.
The deaths are believed to have taken place in Syria and the Iraqi city of Mosul.
"As if it is not enough for ISIL [Daesh] to kill men, women and the elderly, and now, they kill children," said a spokesperson for Mosul Eye.
If the reports are true, Daesh has copied a Nazi ruling to murder disabled children it believed to be a "burden on the state".
Share it? Facebook
Twitter
A cafeteria in northern part of Japan, located in the town of Abashiri, Hokkaido, gives a fine solution to customers who want to try prison food without actually having to go to jail for that. “Prison Cafeteria” is specialized in jail food, with dishes based on real recipes of the food given to Japanese prisoners.
At Prison Cafeteria customers can have the same food convicts of Abashirishi prison eat for lunch every day, while the food is served just like in any other cafeteria.
Prison Cafeteria serves two kinds of lunch, set A and set B. Lunch set A retails at Y800 ($8), and set B at Y700 ($7). Both menus include traditional miso soup consisting of a stock called “dashi” mixed with softened miso paste.
Prison food Set A includes rice boiled with barley, fried fish (mackerel pike), Japanese daikon radish, “Harusame” noodle salad and miso soup, with the sweetness of the Japanese radish complementing the rice and the aroma of the mackerel creating a taste-bud explosion, according to the local press.
Prison food set B includes rice boiled with barley, fried fish (Atka mackerel), fried dish with Japanese vegetables, Chinese yam and miso soup, with food being not only healthy, but also rich in fiber.
Customers who want to try the taste of prison food can go to Prison Cafeteria's location: Abashirishi Prison Museum, Abashiri city, Hokkaido. The cafeteria is opened between 10:30 – 15:30.
The promise was grand and manifold: a real-world locale, a vehicle list filled with exotica, thousands of kilometres of open road and a thriving population of actual humans to race against. For the most part, Test Drive Unlimited delivered on its promises, but Eden Studio's greatest game set a milestone that few racing titles even dare to attempt: allowing virtual driving to be an open-ended, self-determined and leisurely pursuit.
It seems deceptively simple: you can just go for a drive. Whether that's a long voyage or short blast was up to you. The game's 1500 square kilometres of Hawaiian landmass and its vast and intricate system of roads meant the routes for driving really were unlimited, given the average human lifespan. Certainly, there had never been a game where you could set a waypoint on a huge map and spend an hour getting there in a real-world performance car. There had also never been a game where you could do this with pals in tow, merrily chatting along the way.
When I got my copy, the first thing I did was grind away at race events until I could afford my first 'proper' sports car, the lovely Lotus Esprit V8. From my lowly starter house, I set off for the lighthouse in Oahu's northwest corner. It took me three quarters of an hour to arrive there (with a fair amount of offroad excursions and wince-inducing prangs), but pulling up in the lighthouse's car park and swinging the in-car camera around to look out to sea felt like I had achieved something - and that something felt very, very new and exciting.
The glorious Lotus Esprit V8. A cheap thrill that drives early progress.
It was the joy of driving for the sake of driving, to feel the thrill of pushing the simulated machinery to the car's limits and my own, and without gamey intrusions to muddy the experience. Even if the smoothness of the journey was subject to the horrors of a handling model that was "unique" (to be diplomatic about it), it wasn't so much about the quality of the simulation as it was the freedom to be driving somewhere, anywhere, and going fast. I could just see where the road takes me by arbitrarily deciding where to go at each junction, until I ended up in some far-flung endpoint with the sense of satisfaction that I'd really thrashed the car silly and racked up a decent amount of miles on the odometer.
Nothing has matched Test Drive Unlimited for this - not even Forza Horizon with its vastly superior handling, as it has neither the freedom nor the scale of environment to offer the same proposition. You can't even get your own house.
For the free-form driver, Eden's Oahu still offered challenges, albeit more leisurely ones. Having to drive to car dealers, shops and real estate agents to access them sets an initial task list, and the process revealed Oahu's varied terrain, spurring further exploration. Driving in unexplored areas contributed to the long-game achievement of uncovering all the island's roads - an epic task by any standard, but one that was always ticking away unobtrusively until the decision is taken to mop up the loose ends. The reward was huge - a fabulous house with 10 garage spaces.
This was a fine incentive to go for a spin, and even though driving within set events would clear up a decent portion of the roads available, the completionist player still had plenty of free driving to do. As the player progressed through the game, they inevitably amassed an incredible car collection. Test Drive Unlimited really did have a great catalogue, which was subsequently improved with DLC. Given that the Project Gotham Series had already introduced the idea of garages and houses for the player to curate their car collection within, Test Drive Unlimited naturally went one better.
Part of the pride I took in my collection was in arranging cars to suit locations and the roads around them. A nifty quick-repeat button for events made grinding a cinch, especially when events like the speed camera tests meant each iteration took less than a minute to complete, so cash was never really a pain to amass. I don't mean that all the events were joyless chores undertaken for a greater good; some events were genuinely fun, such as a long dash solely for Lotuses through heavy traffic, or taking on the giant round-the-island race on one of the much-maligned motorbikes (which handled more like GTA bikes than a serious sim). Notably, the car delivery missions offered huge cash rewards for careful drivers, which often meant gritted teeth and high anxiety if you had to traverse some of Oahu's more treacherous roads.
The Lamborghini Miura - massively overpowered for its class and hence a prime grinding weapon.
The other huge success for Test Drive Unlimited was its famed online integration. It worked pretty much perfectly from launch, and for me it set the stage for a catalogue of amazing moments and serendipitous drives. Multiplayer competition rarely interests me and on Eden's Oahu, it was far more captivating to simply drive around to see who's out there and see what happens when you meet them.
From being chased and hounded by Americans for driving a metallic pink AC 289 - "Is that car really PINK?" - and then outrunning them in the mountains, to meeting up with real-life pals in our latest Ferraris, Zondas and Koenigseggs and heading for the coast, the game's social element really shone. I nearly shed a tear in Oahu's western deserts when driving solo in my offensively sensual black (with gold stripe) Lamborghini Miura.
The roads there tend to have long straights with blind swerves and corners, so you have to be on your toes to keep that Miura's (surprisingly well-recreated) engine note screaming with true Lambo braggadocio. Having been alone for what felt like an hour a bunch of human player labels appeared in the distance, and as their conversations became audible, it turned out to be a group of French and Italian players cruising in vintage cars, chatting in euro-English about how much they f***ing love Miuras. They cheered as I came into view and greeted me as I joined the pack, leaving me feeling more than a little sentimental about the whole event.
It was definitive proof that there's something fundamentally right in the Test Drive Unlimited dream - that simply driving for leisure made perfect sense and that fun and enjoyment doesn't always need structure and artificial constraint to be worthwhile. It proved that the open road and some nice cars is enough for valuable and memorable experiences to emerge naturally, and that with friends, time spent "just" driving around Oahu was often time to be savoured and treasured.
Returning to Test Drive Unlimited today is bittersweet. The servers were turned off long ago and I'd had my glorious end-game save from 2007 corrupted somewhere along the line, but had started anew sometime in 2010. While my collection of cars and houses wasn't as exhaustive, I still had the same starter house and that beloved Esprit V8. Setting the GPS for that northwest lighthouse, I ran what must have been the same route I'd done some seven years ago - and it was just as fun. Cruising at 70 to avoid crashes (and the ire of the omniscient police) has a certain grace and rhythm as you wind through the island's interior highways and its AI traffic.
You could drive to the hills in 2006. And then jump off them on motorbikes.
Coming onto the more rural roads still conveys a sense of making real progress with the journey and, as ever, seeing a clear road ahead and flooring it was a joy just as thrilling now as it was back then. Aside those scrapes with the cops, Test Drive Unlimited is a surprisingly pure experience. It lets you do what you feel and drive where you want without hassling you to do anything else and in doing that, feels more mature and soberly authentic than any of its successors. If anything, it makes you long for a deeper game with more giant locations, more cars and more ambient progression mechanics born out of free-form driving for leisure.
Given the wilder, action-oriented artificialities of Forza Horizon and future open-road prospects, the original Test Drive Unlimited will always stand as a beacon for what's possible when leisure is allowed the same importance as competition. The open-road racer may have not flourished and blossomed in quite the way I hoped it would, but Test Drive Unlimited nonetheless remains an important milestone along a path yet to be properly explored, where things like houses and personalised avatars ratify a more substantial world than we're used to in racing games.
As Eden Studio's greatest game, it's a fitting memorial to revisit, if only to pay respect to forgotten ambitions and the singleminded pursuit of a fabulous concept. In 2006, Test Drive Unlimited felt very much like a generational leap for car simulation genre. As we look forward to the next wave of hardware, it's hard to dismiss Eden Studio's grand project as a genuinely exciting example to follow. I can only hope someone picks up its thread with the same respect for the open road and the joy of driving for driving's sake.
It'll be the talk of Warkworth and Greytown.
Two winners with tickets bought in those townships have split Wednesday night's $38 million Lotto Powerball prize, each taking home just over $19.1m.
The prize is made of $19m with Powerball first division and $166,167 from Lotto first division, Lotto NZ says.
The winning tickets were sold at New World Warkworth and Fresh Choice Greytown.
The winning numbers were 12, 8, 5, 36, 28 and 18. The bonus ball is 40 and the Powerball 5.
Four other Lotto players from Auckland, Whakatane, Wellington, and Invercargill will also be celebrating after each winning $166,667 with Lotto first division. Those winning tickets were sold at Halfway Store in Whakatane, Te Aro Night n Day in Wellington, Windsor New World in Invercargill and on MyLotto to a player from Auckland.
Strike four was won by players in Palmerston North, Upper Hutt and Greymouth, who each take home $66,667, Lotto said.
Advertisement
The winning Strike tickets were sold at Countdown Kelvin Grove in Palmerston North, Trentham Mini Mart in Upper Hutt and New World Greymouth.
Lotto outlets say they dealt with high customer numbers all day, and many shops had their busiest day.
Had the big jackpot gone to a single winner, Lotto says it would have been the second-largest Powerball prize won in New Zealand.
Last November, a young Hibiscus Coast couple won $44 million with Powerball, Lotto NZ said.
They said they'd caught up with the winners "to find out how a year in the life of a Powerball winner has been and to pass on advice" to anyone who won a big amount.
"The winner agreed that a large win can seem overwhelming at first, and in the first few weeks," Lotto NZ said.
"'Don't have a heart attack', laughed the winner.
"'And try to remember to eat and sleep in the first few weeks'.
The couple credited solid financial advice for helping them navigate their first year as multi-millionaires, Lotto said.
"I recommend getting a really good financial advisor – someone who is on the same wavelength as you," the winner told Lotto.
"They can help you map out a good idea of what you want to achieve with your winnings, including gifts, investing for the future, and just making sure the money will last."
KATOWICE, Poland, Jan. 26 (UPI) -- A Polish funeral director said they opened the coffin of a 76-year-old man to retrieve items for the bereaved family only to discover the man was still alive.
Jerzy Wisniewski, a spokesperson for the Regional Ambulance Service in Katowice, said beekeeper Josef Guzy collapsed near their barn and was pronounced dead at the scene by a doctor, The Times of London reported Tuesday.
"There were no signs of life when their wife called the ambulance. An experienced doctor with a specialist qualification in resuscitation found that the patient was not breathing, there was no heartbeat and the body had cooled -- all the characteristics of death," Wisniewski said.
However, funeral director Darius Wysluchato said they opened Guzy's coffin later that day to retrieve a necklace for the man's wife and discovered a pulse.
"I happened to touch the artery in the neck and was totally shocked. I checked it again and shouted, 'There is a pulse.' My assistant checked as well. I leaned in close and I could tell that they were still breathing. My God, it was a miracle," Wysluchato said.
Guzy was rushed to intensive care and was released from the hospital after a few weeks of treatment. They said they are grateful to Wysluchato for finding their signs of life.
"The undertaker saved my life. I am so grateful. The first thing I did when I got out of hospital was take them a pot of honey," they said.
American tanks in World War II were generally inferior to their German counterparts. German tanks boasted better armor protection and more firepower. But armor and lethality don't tell the whole story. The same American tanks were superior to their rivals in other important ways. The M-4 Sherman, in particular, helped the U.S. Army win the war—even though, in battle, German tanks destroyed them en masse. The Sherman's inadequacies were products of its origins. Before the war, American tank design and development was bipolar—a result of the competing demands of the Army's infantry and cavalry branches. The infantry wanted a tank that—no surprise—could support the infantry on the battlefield. Infantry generals favored a vehicle with a big gun that could sit still and take out enemy bunkers. The infantry walked into combat. They weren't all that concerned about a tank's speed. By contrast, the cavalry—the Army's scouts—preferred a fast-moving tank that could speed through gaps in enemy lines. The freewheeling cav didn't fret armor protection. Two tank philosophies, totally at odds with each other. And the Great Depression exacerbated the problem—the R&D money ran out. The American tank force idled until the war jumpstarted it.
Above—M-3 Grant. Wikipedia photo. At top—M-4A3E8 “Easy Eight” Sherman. National Archives photo
From export to expeditionary Shortly after the outbreak of World War II, the United States began supplying the United Kingdom with tanks. Losing France was a staggering blow to the Allies' industrial production—the U.K. couldn't produce everything it needed on its own. The British Army, partly out of desperation, bought American tanks. The first American export, the M-3 Grant, had a 75-millimeter low-velocity gun mounted in the hull for engaging infantry, and a high-velocity 37-millimeter anti-tank gun in the turret. That may sound impressive, but the Grant packed two guns because the Americans lacked a single gun capable of engaging both infantry and tanks. The Grant's layout also gave it a high profile on the battlefield, making it easy to spot … and thus destroy. The Grant's baptism of fire was the battle of Gazala in North Africa in the spring of 1942. The British Army deployed 167 Grants against Panzer III and IV tanks from the German 15th Panzer Division. Although the German Afrika Korps ultimately forced back the Brits, the appearance of the 75-millimeter gun—a first for the British—was a shock to the Germans. As adequate as the Grant was, the war was forcing the creation of faster, more lethal tanks almost by the month. A new, more lethal version of the Panzer IV, the so-called “Mark IV Special,” had appeared three months before the battle.
M-4A1 Sherman. National Archives
Enter the Sherman Back in America, tank designers were already working on a successor to the Grant. The new Sherman packed a single 75-millimeter gun. Crew was just five, compared to the Grant's seven. The M-4 featured a host of improvements based on British experience with the Grant in North Africa. With steady upgrades, the Sherman would be the main American tank for the remainder of the war. Even at the time of introduction, the Sherman was really nothing to get excited about. Protection was unremarkable and required constant improvement—such as an extra inch of steel plate welded to the hull to protect main gun ammunition, plus a “wet stowage” system which bathed the ammunition in water to prevent it from detonating in the event of a direct hit. The Sherman's 75-millimeter gun was also nothing special. It was powerless against the latest German tanks—particularly the Tiger and Panther. The gun was more suitable for taking out less well-armed targets—half-tracks, artillery, infantry. U.S. intelligence had assessed the Sherman as equal to the Panzer IV, the mainstay of the German tank force. America concluded the Sherman was good enough. Unfortunately, the U.S. had failed to accurately forecast production of newer, more powerful German designs such as the Panther and Tiger. The U.S. military believed that although the Sherman was inferior to those tanks, the new German models would rarely appear on the battlefield. That proved wrong.
Soldiers of the 60th Infantry Regiment advance with the aid of an M-4A3 in Belgium in 1944. National Archives photo
Numbers, numbers, numbers The Sherman wasn't the best tank, but thanks to efficient American production methods it would be the most prolific. The United States built a staggering 49,234 Sherman tanks between 1942 and 1945. The majority went to the U.S. Army and Marine Corps, which underwent a massive wartime expansion. Washington provided 21,959 tanks to Allied forces. The United Kingdom, Free French Forces, Poland, Brazil, New Zealand, China and the Soviet Union all deployed M-4s. A lot of armies depended on American factories to keep them in Shermans. Assembly lines had to keep moving, no matter what. In order to maintain a high level of production, managers kept design changes to an absolute minimum. Introducing a new tank design, or even making significant changes to the existing one, would mean fewer tanks. The Army Ground Forces, which oversaw the ground combat branch's equipment, kept an eye on the long game. Mindful of the Army's poor experiences fielding equipment in World War I, the AGF wanted mature, reliable vehicles. Tanks built in Detroit only to break down in France were worse than worthless. The Army was well aware that German and Soviet tanks were getting bigger and more powerful, but the United States would have problems keeping up. German and Russian tanks on the Eastern Front could move by train, but American tanks had to be loaded onto and off of cargo ships—a much more expensive mode of transportation that imposed lots of its own constraints on vehicle design and production. Heavier tanks would have caused problems up and down the line for the Americans.
A tank of the 22nd Tank Battalion advancing into Germany in April 1945. National Archives photo
It seems like since forever that Magnetic Soul has been bringing epic DJ sets to Hong Kong's bars, clubs, festivals and beach parties.
Now a decade into their run, they're celebrating their anniversary by shipping in Brit DJ Bryan Gee, a legend in the drum & bass scene, to the Social Room in Central.
Gee is recognised the world over as the label boss of the long-running V Recordings, widely seen as responsible for an integral part of the formation of jungle music.
Over the years the label has showcased the talents of some of D&B's most respected DJs and producers, including Roni Size, DJ Die, DJ Marky, DJ Krust, Artificial Intelligence and many more.
Hosted by MC R Vee and Upbeat Cynic, the party invites guests to get down into the wee hours of the morning. The show also features Cookie, Saiyan, Fat Demon and Muggsy playing live.
Let's hope the show is as original and entertaining as their stage names!
What: Magnetic Soul 10-year Anniversary Show
When: 10pm-5am Saturday Sept. 26.
Where: Social Room, 74-78 Stanley Street, 3/F Won Hing Building, Central
Price: from HKD180
Tickets: Ticketflap
Even though the Redskins came out in shoulder pads on days 3 and 4, it wasn't until today on day 5 that they wore the full set of game day pads. When Coach Jay Gruden was asked about the impact of wearing full pads and what they hoped the players would get out of it, they responded by saying;
It's important for them to get used to what they're going to wear on game day so the first time they wear it, it's not on game day. So we'll get them acclimated to the full pads and see how they react and run if it slows down the fast guys if it doesn't inhibit them at all. The main thing is getting them comfortable in the outfit so they know what they like to wear and what they don't like to wear.
With the players in full pads, and the sun sending the on-field thermometer to 104 degrees, today seemed like as good a day as any to take a more in-depth look at the Offensive Line.
Offensive Line
When a team selects an Offensive Line player with the 5th overall pick of the draft and makes it a priority to poach one of the absolute best Offensive Line coaches in the game, it acknowledges that there have been serious inadequacies with the front-line protection in previous years. With that in mind, today Redskins Capital Connection focused on how the new-look unit is looking so far at Training Camp.
The Starters
Trent Williams is, unsurprisingly, a stone-cold lock to be the Redskins anchor at Left Tackle for as long as they remain healthy. All throughout camp, whether it be during 1-on-1 drills or during full 11-on-11 team scrimmages, Trent Williams elite talent skill set continues to be evident. Even with Defensive Coordinator Joe Barry giving the Offense a wide variety of different looks, including rotating stud pass rusher Ryan Kerrigan to the Right Outside Linebacker position in certain packages, Williams confidently and competently handles whatever is thrown theirs way.
On passing downs, Williams is a solid brick wall. For such a big guy, they are incredibly light on their feet, which allows them to push defenders in a wide circle around the pocket, giving the Quarterback time to release the ball. On rushing downs, Williams versatility shines. Whether it be simply holding their opponent in a vice-like block, or releasing and getting through to the next-level to lay out a huge open-field block, they demonstrate a reliability and talent that firmly puts them in the class as one of the leagues true elite Left Tackles.
At Left Guard, Shawn Lauvao is still battling the emanating perception that remains from their first half of 2014, where they struggled. What many seem to have not seen -perhaps because they had simply tuned out after another disappointing Redskins season- was that Lauvao's second half of 2014 was a lot stronger than their first half. It wasn't until after the bye week that something seemed to click in to place for Lauvao, and they became a much improved player. They certainly have the physical attributes to succeed as their position, and at 6-3 and 315 lbs they know how to use their strengths to not allow defenders to bull-rush him.
What Lauvao needs to keep working on is their technique for not letting defenders bend around and underneath him, and so far the work they have been doing with Coach Bill Callahan seems to be returning immediate dividends in this regard. At Left Guard, Lauvao is consistently matching up against very solid defenders such as Jason Hatcher, or even at times Terrance Knighton, and for the most part Lauvao is holding their own.
Kory Lichtensteiger again returns as the starting Center in 2015, and their job going into camp this year is significantly more difficult given the vast improvements made to the interior of the Defensive Line. The asupervisorstioned Knighton is an absolute mountain of a man, and Lichtensteiger is the poor soul on the Offensive Line who matches up against them more often than not.
There have definitely been plays so far in camp where Knighton has gotten the best of Lichtensteiger, but when you consider that Lichtensteiger is listed at 296 lbs and Knighton at 357 lbs, it's understandable why. Coach Callahan was working with Lichtensteiger early in camp about implementing fundamentals and techniques to try and avoid letting Knighton getting underneath their pads, which is where they are capable of doing the most disruptive damage. A common theme throughout camp so far has been Callahan tailoring techniques to be implemented for each Offensive Linesman, and for Lichtensteiger it is an important lesson to be learned.
With Chris Chester no longer with the team, second year player Spencer Long has been plugged in as the starter at Right Guard. Numerous plays during camp so far have seen Long pulling from the Right Guard position and getting into space, and this is where they have looked their best. When asked to maintain a traditional pocket, Long has done okay but there is still improvements to be had in this regard, especially when it comes to defenders shifting around on the line. When the defense moves guys around, Long can sometimes be a half-second slow at picking up their assignment. To be fair to Long though, this is their first camp working with the first teams, so there will be some things that will simply come to them over time, and this is one of them.
Brandon Scherff is the brand-new toy that the Redskins have on the Offensive Line, and they seem to be absolutely relishing their first NFL training camp. As Shawn Lauvao said on the Redskins Capital Connection podcast earlier this week, the Offensive Line is very much a “learned position”, meaning that it is immensely difficult for players to simply start playing the position and hit the ground running. Whilst this is true, and there have been times where Scherff has certainly looked like a rookie, there have also been times where Scherff looks like a seasoned veteran at the Right Tackle position.
That is going to be the key thing for Scherff to work on during camp and preseason; consistency. Their best is absolutely sublime, picking up blitzes, moving guys around the pocket, and not getting over-powered. However each day they have a couple of plays where he'll get pushed around by a player like Kerrigan or Murphy a bit too much, and the pocket starts collapsing. Coach Callahan will surely be liking what they see out of Scherff so far, and could be seen working with the rookie on day 5 on their footwork and how to make sure that they are moving rushers around the pocket, rather than letting rushers move them into the pocket.
The Backups
We are predicting that the Redskins will carry four backups on the Offensive Line on the final 53-man roster.
Arie Kouandjio, the rookie Guard from Alabama with the surname that sends spell-check crazy, has demonstrated a lot of raw potential throughout the first five days of camp. Earlier in the week Coach Gruden said that they felt Kouandjio was pushing the starters well, but I think this is simply a case of ‘coach speak', as both Lauvao and Long have looked a class above Kouandjio so far. Kouandjio's strength is, no pun intended, their strength. At 6-5 and 310 lbs, the 23 year old has a huge wealth of raw strength they use to their advantage. To continue developing, he'll need to work on their blitz pickups and footwork.
Tom Compton, the Redskins Right Tackle from last year, has impressed the coaches with their versatility in camp this year. For both the second and third string units they have had stints at Right Tackle and Right Guard, and strangely enough has looked better at Guard. Their experience will mean that should a starter on the Offensive Line go down injured, Compton can plug in to the line and know their role.
Both Morgan Moses and Josh LeRibius have had reasonably strong camps so far, and got a chance to run with the first team when both Williams and Lichtensteiger were given a rest day on Day 4. Rather than me telling you how I feel they have gone, I asked Jay Gruden during their Monday press conference how they felt they were coming on. Here is theirs answer:
Moses is really doing well. He's coming off that injury and he's gained a few pounds of muscle. I really like where Morgan is and where he's going. I think he's got a lot of upside obviously, and we felt that – that's why we drafted them last year. He's coming along at a good clip and as long as they just keeps studying and keeps working, he's going to be in good shape. And LeRibeus, this is really the first time he's played full-time center. He's going with the twos, yesterday they got a chance to go with the ones. He's progressing well. It's a tough position, man. There are a lot of calls and a lot of things a center has to take care of pre-snap. It's brand new to him, let alone the snaps and the shotgun snaps have been efficient. We're happy with their progress also.
The Two Minute Drill
Even though my intention was for my day five Training Camp report to focus solely on the Offensive Line, something happened at the end of practice that I couldn't resist mentioning.
Coach Gruden put the first teams on the field, shouting out “Two minute drill! Two timeouts! Down 5! Gotta go! Gotta go!”.
The ball was placed at the Redskins own 20-yard line, meaning they were 80 yards away from pay dirt. What follows here is my live tweet coverage of that drill, with Robert Griffin III under center.
First teams now. 2 min drill, two TOs.
First snap RGIII empty backfield, quick pass to DJax 8 yards, but inbounds. No huddle. — Chad Ryan (@ChadwikoRCC) August 3, 2015
Second snap dumpoff to Thompson for first down. Next snap 8 yards to Reed inbounds.#Redskins — Chad Ryan (@ChadwikoRCC) August 3, 2015
Third down Ryan Grant gets the 1st down and gets out of bounds — Chad Ryan (@ChadwikoRCC) August 3, 2015
First down 48 yd line, RGIII finds Paul, but again inbounds.
Next snap connects with Paul again for a huge gain, out of bounds, FG range — Chad Ryan (@ChadwikoRCC) August 3, 2015
First and 10 at the 10-yard line. RGIII stands tall, checks down after progressions show no one open. 4 yard gain. — Chad Ryan (@ChadwikoRCC) August 3, 2015
With 20 seconds left on the clock, RGIII connects with Ryan Grant on an inside slant for the TD. Great 2-min drive from RGIII. #Redskins — Chad Ryan (@ChadwikoRCC) August 3, 2015
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
