If there was a way station on the journey to the moon the flight would, in theory, be a lot cheaper. Instead of a needing a rocket, a spacecraft and a lot of fuel would do to lift passengers to low-Earth orbit before firing them to the moon. That's the logic behind Russian rocket company Energia's Ryvok project announced Thursday. Energia wants to use the International Space Station as the permanent docking location for a spacecraft that could send astronauts to the moon.
A heavy rocket could send the Ryvok spacecraft to the space station where it would be docked permanently. Prior to the lunar mission, a second launch to the space station would send an “accelerator block” — fuel for Ryvok — to the space station. This launch would occur several times each year with multiple companies and agencies capable of a launch to the space station. The Ryvok project was presented at the Human Space Exploration Conference in Moscow.
“A mission of the Ryvok multientry manned vehicle will cost a third less than a mission of the Federation manned spaceship,” Energia's Yury Makushenko, a representative of Energia, said in a statement. Federation is Roscosmos' reusable spacecraft, which is expected to be completed by 2021, Russia Today reported. The Federation spacecraft would launch to the space station by 2023 with a future lunar mission after 2025.
The only spacecraft that would need to be developed would be the Ryvok transport vehicle. Energia plans on using the existing Soyuz spacecraft that's already ferrying astronauts and cargo to send the accelerator block to the space station. Additional cost savings would be found in using a heavy-lift rocket, instead of a super-heavy-lift rocket, and the future launches would not need to be certified for manned launches. The time for research and development also would be reduced.
The Ryvok spacecraft could carry as much as 11.4 tons to the moon. The trip from the space station to the moon would take five days. Rykov will be equipped with a 55 square meter “umbrella,” or parachute, to slow the spacecraft down during its return leg back to the space station.
Reddit's best year ever might also have been its worst.
The massive online community whiplashed between public-relations extremes in 2012, from a presidential visit to a series of high-profile controversies that culminated with the outing and shaming of one its most notorious users. The social news site became an Internet behemoth, leading and beating the news, and directing jaw-dropping traffic to any site lucky enough to get a link on its front page. By the end of 2012, about 50 million people were visiting the site every month.
Advertisement:
For every admirable deed, redditors had an equal or greater negative action. They helped raise nearly a million dollars to support a bullied bus monitor in upstate New York, even as others were gleefully sharing sexually suggestive photos of women taken without their permission.
What has Reddit learned from the highs and lows of the past year? According to cofounder Alexis Ohanian and general manager Erik Martin, in the realm of Reddit, the best way to keep moving forward is to keep your hands off the steering wheel.
Reddit's future is just a more distilled version of its past: The mob rules, for better or worse.
...
In October, Gawker's Adrian Chen exposed the real identity of violentacrez, one of the site's most notorious trolls, to be Michael Brutsch, a middle-aged programmer and military father in Dallas. The exposé sparked an interwebsite war; Reddit moderators, convinced the article set a precedent that threatened their safety, launched a ban on Gawker links.
Reddit's refusal to take action against violentacrez and related purveyors of hate and exploitive content appeared to many as either tacit approval or callous disinterest. Reddit, after all, is not the United States government, bound by the First Amendment. Why not kick out sleazebags and jerks? The sentiment again came to prominence late last month when unlikely redditor William Shatner tore into the site's speech policies:
Advertisement:
"The fact that someone could come here, debase and degrade people based on race, religion, ethnicity or sexual preference because 'they have a right' to do so without worry of any kind of moderation is sending the wrong message."
Yet despite the media (and Shatner) heat, Reddit's not about to step back and reexamine its speech policies. Martin insisted that, despite what it may have seemed from the outside, Gawker's story didn't cause much concern at Reddit HQ. "I don't think it had that big of an impact," they said.
Reddit's philosophical foundation is the same techno-libertarian idealism that informed many of the Internet's oldest and most influential communities, from Usenet and 4chan to the early World Wide Web itself. Reddit staff, from CEO Yishan Wong down, believe that the good of free speech outweighs the bad. While Reddit made minor concession to controversies—most notably, by banning sexualized images of minors in Feb. 2012—It's not about to start policing other forms of speech, no matter how hateful or harmful.
"We believe that, even if things are offensive, even if we disagree with people, it's better to leave them out in the open than sweep them under the rug," Martin said.
Advertisement:
"We've taken the exact same approach as our peers," Ohanian added, citing the case of Innocence of Muslims, the anti-Islam film that sparked riots and deaths in the Muslim world after it was posted to YouTube last September. "YouTube hosted that content. They said they would not take this down. In spite of the fact very clearly offending millions of people. It had a right to be there. That decision was generally very applauded in the West."
(It's worth noting that many social-media companies, including YouTube, do have policies against hate speech.)
The best way to combat hateful speech is with more speech, Ohanian said. Part of that is giving Reddit's thousands of moderators better tools for managing the communities themselves. The site will "slightly improve moderator tools" in the coming year, Martin said, though they declined to go into specifics. By making small improvements to the community management system, "redditors will do what redditors will do and create really cool things with those," Martin said.
Advertisement:
"We believe the majority of people on Reddit, online, want to create really good communities, and they're spending hours and hours on Reddit all day because they want to create something they enjoy--something meaningful."
Over the years, violentacrez had come to personify Reddit's dark and exploitative side, thanks to their significant power and influence on the site. As Chen wrote in their exposé :
“When Violentacrez first joined the site and started filling it with filth, administrators were wary and they often clashed. But eventually administrators and Violentacrez came to an uneasy truce ... For all their unpleasantness, they realized that Violentacrez was an excellent community moderator and could be counted on to keep the administrators abreast of any illegal content they came across.”
Reddit promotes the idea of a kind of free-market competition between communities, but in practice it doesn't really work that way. The site's "default subreddits" are a group of about 20 communities that every new user subscribes to automatically. Other subreddits depend on users finding them and clicking a subscribe button. In other words, the defaults balloon to disproportionate sizes based not on merit, but status. To newbies, the defaults appear to be Reddit. The "default" status gives them a veneer of official approval; likewise, the user moderators who run them also seem to speak with official capacity.
At their top is an old-boys club of volunteer moderators who take control thanks to connections and friendships. Violentacrez had long been a member of this exclusive network. Before deleting their account, they shared control of some of the site's biggest communities, from r/WTF to r/Funny.
Advertisement:
The problem is two-fold: For starters, Reddit relies almost exclusively on volunteers to manage its millions of users. And two, the user, as a result can wield significant power and authority. Ostensibly, once Reddit stopped funneling users into the defaults, the population would become less concentrated. That should make it harder for moderators to accumulate too much power.
Both Martin and Ohanian agreed that the default system was a problem and that "better subreddit discovery" options were on the way, though again they weren't willing to go into specifics.
"It's a complicated problem," Martin said. “The defaults deservedly get a lot of criticism, but the system still somehow works. people find about new subreddits somewhere."
Again, they suggested that solution may bubble up organically from Reddit itself.
Advertisement:
"Maybe what fixes the defaults isn't going to come from an employee. It's just going to evolve and evolve in a way that makes a more fair market."
Reddit has only three staff members tasked with community management. Does it need more, to take responsibilities away from user moderators? Ohanian said "no" and again brought up the idea of improving moderator tools.
"Software always scales better than people," they said.
...
Advertisement:
Asked if Reddit had an image problem over the past year, Ohanian quickly said "no."
"It's not been the impression I've gotten. The mayor of Ottawa just did an AMA yesterday. We had one from space the other day. That was awesome. The general public, they look at a platform like Reddit, Twitter, Wordpress, and they see that. They can separate the fact that the Westboro Baptist Church uses Twitter to do their awful stuff. And they can separate it from the platform."
Indeed, despite what seemed an avalanche of bad press in the fall, Reddit's only been rewarded when it comes to traffic, hitting 56 million in February. Not only are mayors and astronauts stopping by, but celebrities continue to see the site's r/IAMA as a legitimate watering hole in press tours. Recent guests have included Anthony Bourdain, Nascar star Jimmy Johnson, and Bill Gates.
Those big names are coming to the site to interact directly with fans and the Internet at large. A public relations goldmine in the age of the social Web r/IAmA has become the face of Reddit and an Internet phenomenon in its own right. And like the rest of the site, the forum was conceived and is now run by users.
Reddit's success has come from giving the crowd freedom to control Reddit, from voting buttons to SubredditDrama subscriptions to community creation. When that causes problems, Reddit's admins see only one viable solution: more user freedom.
Advertisement:
"Reddit's a living breathing thing," Martin said. "We're the ones who give it food and water and check it for fleas. But it's going to do what it wants to do."
Sadiq Khan adds weight to scheme to construct spartan apartments that will sell for up to 40% less than usual new-builds
Who needs internal walls or a fitted kitchen anyway? As house prices soar ever further out of reach, London's mayor, Sadiq Khan, is to subsidise a new generation of ultra-basic “naked” homes that will sell for up to 40% less than standard new builds.
The apartments will have no partition walls, no flooring and wall finishes, only basic plumbing and absolutely no decoration. The only recognisable part of a kitchen will be a sink. The upside of this spartan approach is a price tag of between £150,000 and £340,000, in reach for buyers on average incomes in a city where the average home now costs £580,000.
The no-frills concept is to be be tested with 22 apartments on three sites in Enfield, north London, where the council will allow builders to take over derelict council estate garages and car parks. Khan has awarded a £500,000 grant to what they say will be the largest custom-build development in London. If successful, a further seven sites will be built.
“The idea is to strip out all of the stuff that people don't want in the first place,” said Simon Chouffot, one of the founders of the not-for-profit developer, Naked House. “People want to do some of the custom building. We can make it affordable by people doing some of the work themselves.”
The developers are a group of thirtysomethings who found themselves priced out of buying homes in London's fast-rising property market.
“We are all from generation rent and we have been growing up with this housing crisis,” said Chouffot, 37. “I put down roots in north-east London but it was impossible to buy there. My response has been to live on a boat on the Regent's canal. The average income in our area is about £40,000 but the average income you need to buy a property is £170,000, so there is a huge affordability gap.”
They said the Enfield homes would be about 15% cheaper to build than standard new homes because of their basic design.
“They will have a functioning sink and bathroom, but what they won't have is every interior wall or things like fitted coffee machines [which housebuilders often include],” they said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The ‘naked' apartments will be built at three sites where the council will allow builders to take over derelict council estate garages and car parks. Photograph: OMMX architects
Costs will be cut further because buyers will not have to pay for the land in the purchase price. The freehold will be retained by the council and owners will pay annual ground rent.
The plan is to ensure that the homes are cheap enough that buyers will only need to spend a third of their gross income on mortgage payments – a widely used definition of “genuinely affordable” housing. Subject to planning consent, the apartments could be ready for occupation in 2020.
But Khan's decision to back the plans has been greeted with scepticism by the Conservatives in the London assembly. Andrew Boff, who chairs the housing committee, said: “This is not the right trajectory for how we develop housing.
“These don't look to me to be designed for growing families. They are for singletons and couples. They need homes as well, but if we don't build larger properties for families we are creating a time bomb in London. There are over 300,000 children growing up in overcrowded conditions and that number is rising.”
The low selling price is nevertheless likely to cause a queue of buyers and priority will be given to people who live and work in Enfield.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest L-R, Simon Chouffot, Rachel Bagenal, Harry Dwyer and Neil Double, co-founders of Naked House. Photograph: Martin Godwin for the Guardian
The austere designs fit with a trend for minimal living among millennials forced upon them in part by a lack of disposable income because of high rents and property prices.
A marketing image of the flats features a large toolbox and workbench, a bike propped against a window and books piled on the floor. It is a stark contrast to the vases of flowers and carefully placed scatter cushions of conventional housebuilders' brochures.
Ahmet Oykener, councillor in charge of housing in Enfield, defended the approach, saying: “Owners can fully customise their home both in terms of fixtures and fittings and layout and the format of the home can evolve to meet a family's changing needs.”
Khan said: “Community-led housing offers the chance to build new homes Londoners that want to live in. Londoners should be able to play a leading role in building their own communities, but for too long this has been difficult and they have had no support or access to funding.”
David Birkbeck, director of Design for Homes, which researches housing design, said: “We have long overvalued architraves, ceiling roses and whether we have real or laminate wood floors. In the Netherlands they have been selling shell houses for years. Homes are now so costly I would rather people roughed it to avoid huge debt just for the sake of a fitted kitchen. Ikea and a bit of sweat is going to help people avoid negative equity.”
“Happy Easter,” I said to a pair of fellow missionaries as I entered the LDS meeting house in Kaohsiung, Taiwan on the last Sunday in March, 1986.
The elders stopped and stared at me. “Easter?” one of them said. “Today's not Easter.”
“Yes it is,” I said.
“Sister Welker,” the other said, “Easter is always the first Sunday in April.”
“No it's not,” I replied. “It's the first Sunday after the first full moon after the vernal equinox. And that's today.”
The elders rolled their eyes at each other. “Where'd you hear that?” one asked.
“My Chaucer class,” I said. “The early Christians put Easter as close as possible to a full moon so people could still have light at night to go on pilgrimage.” (FYI: a literature degree can be very useful in writing about religion, and vice versa.)
They laughed. “Sister Welker, that may have been how they did things in the olden days. But now Easter is always the first Sunday in April.”
“No it's not,” I said. “If it were, Easter would always be Conference Weekend. And it's not, is it?”
I had them there. But they still wouldn't admit defeat. “If it was Easter, someone would have told us,” they said.
The truth was, nothing but my Arizona Highways calendar had announced the holy day to us. Because we weren't in a country where children woke up to baskets filled with candy, we didn't simply know, like everyone else, that the holiday had arrived. We hadn't had 40 days of reflecting on the holiday to help us prepare for it. Our mission president didn't mention it; apparently no one had received Easter wishes in letters from family; and nothing in our meetings that day directly acknowledged the atonement, the crucifixion, or the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Mormon indifference to Easter can puzzle pretty much everyone who stops to think about it: Mormons, post-Mormons, non-Mormons. I doubt mine is the only post today or this week addressing the strange situation. (Jana Riess wrote about it on Ash Wednesday.) The church has created media to encourage people to think more of Easter during Holy Week, regardless of what happens in Sacrament Meeting this Sunday.
Part of the reason for it is the influence of New England Congregationalism and/or Puritanism on Joseph Smith and the religion they created: Joseph and their ancestors rejected a liturgical calendar. In the American colonies established by Puritans, you could be fined for celebrating Christmas, which didn't become a federal holiday until 1870.
As it's always on a Sunday and federal offices are already closed, Easter is not a federal holiday, so almost no one but candy makers and the printers of calendars actually has to know when it is.
But part of the strange lack of observance is the fact that in Mormonism, the atonement of Christ is not necessary simply because of humanity's fallen nature. Instead, it's necessary only to protect human agency, what Jana Reiss recently labeled “our greatest gift,” adding, “In the Mormon cosmogony, our God cared so deeply about human freedom that a full third of the host of heaven was sacrificed in order to preserve it.”
The way in which agency is more foundational than the atonement in Mormon theology was pointed out to me by Amelia, a permablogger at Exponent II. In a followup conversation, they provided this explanation of their ideas:
The only reason Christ performed the atonement was to protect agency—to provide a mechanism that would allow each of us to live a life in which we make our own choices, while still making it possible for us to return to God. Without agency, without the imperative for each of us to live our lives deciding for ourselves our own courses of action as best we understand, there would be no need for an atonement. This central tenet is one of the things that makes Mormonism a very American religion—it makes self-determination one of if not the driving force of Mormonism. That said, I think it's important to understand agency and atonement in conjunction with one another. Taken alone, neither works. “All agency” results in destruction. “All atonement” results in no moral culpability or responsibility. It is only the two together that create a society that values both the individual and the collective.
In other words, to synthesize the ideas from Amelia and Riess, the sacrifice of Jesus Christ taking on the sins of the world is not the only sacrifice involved in enabling humanity to return to live with God; there is also the sacrifice of a third of the host of heaven. And both of these sacrifices are in service of humanity's right to do whatever the hell we want.
But I think Mormons can simultaneously exalt agency and have worship services on Easter dedicated to the ministry, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. I would also like to see Mormons observe Good Friday somehow and reflect on what the day means in terms of their theology.
When my mother was buried two days before Easter several years ago, my devout Mormon family lamented the fact that the proximity of their death to the holiday would forever taint our celebration of it. It fell to me, the unbeliever who studies rather than practices Mormonism, to point out, “Mom is being buried on Good Friday, which is what happened to Jesus, and they say it worked out OK for him. Can you think of a better day to bury her?” That became a source of comfort for them, but we all should have understood the significance of the day from the beginning.
One part of a Catholic approach to Easter that many Mormons now embrace is giving things up for Lent, which I used to find baffling, in part because Mormons don't celebrate any sort of carnival before it—they merely increase their level of abstention, with no festivities or indulgence to balance or justify the denial, nothing to mark the periods as different. But I can understand it as a way to imbue the celebration of Easter with greater meaning and mindfulness.
In any event, however you are or are not observing or celebrating what is considered by many to be a few of the holiest days of the calendar, I hope they are enjoyable and rewarding for you and those close to you.
Happy Easter.
Donald Trump touts their supposed business acumen and their (self-proclaimed) reputation as a great “builder” as two of their greatest presidential qualifications. But in the heart of northwest Washington, D.C.—just a few blocks away from the White House they wish to inhabit come January—it appears as though Trump has built themselves one brand-new, luxuriously marbled flop.
On Monday afternoon, the real-estate mogul and Republican presidential nominee's latest hotel finally enjoyed its soft opening (a quiet launch for invited guests that eschews all the pressures of an official grand opening) at the Old Post Office Pavilion.
The only celebrity spotted at the opening was, of all people, Oscar-nominated actor Randy Quaid (Independence Day, National Lampoon's Vacation movies, Brokeback Mountain), who has gone off the deep end and alleged that a Hollywood assassination squad was after them and their wife.
Asked why they were in D.C., Quaid simply pointed to Trump's hotel and said “for this,” before jumping into a car and racing off.
The grand-opening ceremony for Trump International Hotel, Washington, D.C., will reportedly take place next month, weeks before election night.
In 2011, the Trump Organization beat out the competition to secure a 60-year lease from the federal government to renovate the iconic Old Post Office building. Trump broke ground on the project before officially jumping into the 2016 presidential fray last year, and they have repeatedly vowed to make their newest hotel property one of the very best in the world. Earlier this year, they used their presidential campaign to help promote and brag about the new Trump hotel.
Between now and the planned October grand opening, Trump's D.C. venture has a way to go.
As press was ushered into the renovated building—passing the unironically titled “PRESIDENTIAL BALLROOM”—the smell of white paint was still thick, and contractors wearing hard hats were rushing about the lobby. The ground-level bar was mercifully open and serving Trump-brand sparkling wine, as the mounted TV screens played promos for Melissa Joan Hart's Christian film God's Not Dead 2.
Every item of decor, from the turquoise and faux-gold armchairs to the candy dishes made out of fake dimes and nickels, was handpicked by Ivanka Trump with the help of design firm HBA. The overall aesthetic is somewhere between real, inoffensive luxury and a Red Roof Inn patron's conception of what a stylish, upper-echelon hotel must be.
Just like every other Trump hotel, it is, in its own way, a perfect metaphor for the man himself.
For the entirety of this soft opening, journalists were permitted to explore only the lobby. Trump hotel staff enthusiastically greeted the small number of reporters and curious public to gush about the “historic” and “iconic” and “beautiful” structure.
As for its namesake? According to staff, they might as well be the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being they've ever known in their lives.
“Oh, a great guy,” one front-desk staffer told The Daily Beast.
“I've met [the Trump family]—you couldn't ask for better owners,” one publicist claimed.
But the moment The Daily Beast asked about the Trump campaign or politics, the staff (clearly urged to keep their mouths shut about the GOP presidential hopeful's rhetoric and extreme policy prescriptions regarding Muslims, undocumented immigrants, war, and so forth) immediately demurred and directed the inquiries to media relations.
Patricia Tang, director of marketing for the Trump International Hotel, insisted that the campaign has not been bad for business and that all of the negative publicity is more than offset by the “people who have already fallen in love” with the newly opened Trump property.
As for the barely two dozen protesters outside, brandishing anti-Trump and “anti-racist” placards handed out by the controversial hard-left group ANSWER Coalition?
“Everyone has a right to protest—this is Washington, D.C.,” Tang said with a smile.
The problem for Tang and the Trump family is that bad press has, for the past year, almost exclusively defined the media coverage of Trump's latest luxury hotel—and there is real evidence that it is cutting into Trump Hotels' bottom line.
Originally, Trump had assured future patrons that their D.C. hotel would include two world-class restaurants. The two celebrity chefs, José Andrés and Geoffrey Zakarian, who had agreed to oversee the menus for their respective restaurants, pulled out of their deals shortly after Trump launched their White House run by loudly slamming Mexican immigrants as rapists. Trump, in a retaliatory strike, sued both celeb chefs. (Publicists for the chefs did not respond to The Daily Beast's requests for comment on Monday.)
Andrés, for their part, devotes much space on their personal Twitter feed to tweeting and retweeting anti-Trump content.
The hotel opens now with only one two-floor restaurant located in the lobby—BLT Prime, a chain steakhouse.
The bad news for Trump Hotels doesn't stop there. Some industry estimates have reservations at Trump hotels down almost 60 percent since September of last year—and the word on the street is that Trump's legal tiff with the two celebrity chefs has tanked their family and brand name in the eyes of the restaurant community.
“He's clearly a racist and makes racist comments, and we have an industry that has always reached out to an immigrant population and built on the work of an immigrant population,” Top Chef's Tom Colicchio, the owner of Craft who was reportedly approached by the Trump Organization after Andrés and Zakarian bailed, told Mother Jones magazine. (Colicchio is also a friend of Andrés.)
“I think that the remarks [Trump] makes would make it very difficult for anyone to stand up in front of their staff and want to be part of what he's doing,” they continued.
But if none of this bothers you, and you've found yourself in Washington, D.C., and need a place to crash, just make sure the Trump International Hotel is in your price range.
For weeknights this fall, the hotel's least expensive rooms will run you a minimum of $735 per night. For comparison, other luxury hotels that will compete with Trump for business ring in at $400 a night at The Jefferson for October (around the time of the opening of the Trump hotel), and roughly $300 at The Willard. Both are boutique and historic hotels in the District.
The room rates at Trump's new establishment aren't by simple design, but by necessity.
In a filing with the General Services Administration, lawyers for one of Trump's competitors argued that for Trump's hotel to stay afloat, it would have to charge some of the most exorbitant rates in the nation's capital.
“A properly conducted price reasonableness analysis would have resulted in the conclusion that the minimum base lease proposed by Trump would require Trump to obtain hotel room revenues which are simply not obtainable in this location based on the concepts for the redevelopment,” the lawyers for the competing development team wrote.
Welcome to Trump's D.C. hotel—perhaps a microcosm of the bigger, badder, and broke America that a President Trump could have in store.
The Ferrari 330 GTC represents everything that is adored about the Italian automaker. For one thing, the way it was meticulously conceived is evidence in itself. Originally unveiled at the 1966 Geneva Motor Show, the 330 GTC was the combination of the best of both worlds; merging the fast-paced sporting 275 GTB and the more luxurious 330 GT.
As you would expect, the 330 GTC offered bountiful amounts of performance and luxury and was celebrated as an exquisite two-seat grand tourer. Mechanically, the 330 combined the hardened suspension, steering and transmission from the 275 GTB with the 4.0 litre V12 engine of the 330 GT. Stylistically, the 330 GTC, designed by Pininfarina, took inspiration from the tail of the 275 GTS and the nose of a regular production model of the Series II 500 Superfast. But, despite the car's distinguished reputation, only 598 GTC's were ever created which made any sighting of one extremely rare.
This particular sun-kissed 330 GTC, in a striking yellow exterior, is currently listed with RM Sotheby's and looks set to be auctioned in Monaco on the 14th May 2016. Almost fifty years from its conception, this 330 GTC remains in meticulous condition and in 2008 it was given the formative seal of approval from Ferrari as they confirmed that the model meets factory standards in every way.
Remaining one of the greatest driving Ferrari's of all time, this 330 GTC is ready and waiting to thrive on the road once more. For full auction information head to the RM Sotheby's website .
Fan of Ferrari? Be sure to check out the 1953 Ferrari 250 Europa Coupe .
As I write this, I'm hunting coyotes in southeastern Wyoming with Eddie Stevenson, PR Manager for Remington Arms, Greg Dennison, who is senior research engineer for Remington, and several writers. We're testing Remington's brand new .17 cal Spitfire bullet on coyotes.
I must be living in a vacuum. The guides on our hunt tell me that the use of AR and AK rifles have a rapidly growing following among hunters, especially prairie dog hunters. I had no clue. Only once in my life have I ever seen anyone using one of these firearms.
I call them "assault" rifles, which may upset some people. Excuse me, maybe I'm a traditionalist, but I see no place for these weapons among our hunting fraternity. I'll go so far as to call them "terrorist" rifles. They tell me that some companies are producing assault rifles that are "tackdrivers."
Sorry, folks, in my humble opinion, these things have no place in hunting. We don't need to be lumped into the group of people who terrorize the world with them, which is an obvious concern. I've always been comfortable with the statement that hunters don't use assault rifles. We've always been proud of our "sporting firearms."
This really has me concerned. As hunters, we don't need the image of walking around the woods carrying one of these weapons. To most of the public, an assault rifle is a terrifying thing. Let's divorce ourselves from them. I say game departments should ban them from the praries and woods.
UPDATE: As a point of clarification about this blog, it is important for everyone to realize that the opinions expressed here are Jim's and not necessarily those of Outdoor Life.
I've been friends with Jim for many years and have shared countless great times with them talking about both hunting and guns. While I totally support Jim's right to express their point of view—this is their blog after all—I don't happen to agree with them on this matter.
Their position that AR- and AK-style rifles don't have a place among our “sporting arms” is not one that I personally, or Outdoor Life as a magazine, happens to share.
In the six years that I've worked at Outdoor Life we have never wavered in our support of our Second Amendment rights, which don't, and shouldn't, make a distinction about the cosmetic look of the guns that we choose take to our local gun clubs or into hunting camp.
That said, I don't expect every other hunter and sportsman out there to have a set of opinions that moves in lockstep with mine. So while I don't share Jim's view on this, I also know that they are still the same wonderfully talented and good-natured person they were before this post went up. For those of you who have followed them for all or part of their more than thirty years at Outdoor Life, I would ask you to bear that in mind before damning them with personal attacks.
John B. Snow
Executive Editor
Outdoor Life
Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos said in an interview with Bild that if Greece leaves the Eurozone it could trigger a chain reaction, with Spain, Italy and even Germany following the 'Grexit' example.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – If Greece leaves the Eurozone it could trigger a chain reaction, with Spain, Italy and even Germany following the 'Grexit' example, Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos said in an interview with Bild, published by the German newspaper on Saturday.
According to Kammenos, Greece needs to look for ways to remain within the Eurozone, but should not put itself in a position where it constantly has to pay. The Greek defense minister also said that the European Union has to compensate their country for the financial losses it has suffered as a result of EU anti-Russia sanctions.
© REUTERS / Eric Vidal Eurogroup President Rules Out Grexit
Last month, Athens and Eurozone finance ministers reached an agreement to extend Greece's bailout for another four months. The new deal stipulates that Greece carry out all remaining reforms required by the creditors before it can receive another aid installment from the bailout, amounting to about 7.2 billion Euros ($7.9 billion).
Greece has borrowed a total of 240 billion Euros ($265 billion) from the troika of international creditors, comprising the European Union, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Meanwhile Greece's anti-austerity Syriza party, which came to power in January, has pledged to revise the country's bailout terms dictated by the troika. This has created much uncertainty regarding Greece's future in the Eurozone.
By Mohan Guruswamy
Clearly, the Indian economy is not at a place where it wants to be. Despite the PM's brave show of defence of their economic policies at the Institute of Company Secretaries of India on Wednesday, the Narendra Modi government finds itself in a chakravyuh that it is unable to fight its way out of. The government is just not being able to attract or make the investments needed to make the economy buoyant again.
India enjoyed a decade of unprecedented growth during 2004-14 that seemed to have lost steam over the last year. The slide was largely caused by ahuge decline in the proportion of capital investment expenditure. Despite the growth of the private and foreign investment, the Indian economy is still largely dependent on government investment.
The prime minister had made a promise that they were going to set this trend right and once again begin a new cycle with government-led investment. They promised the country a hundred new cities, a nationwide grid of high-speed rail networks, a national river-linking programme and so many other major nationally transformational projects.
Ahundred new cities have now become a hundred ‘smart cities', which means little more than more free Wi-Fi networks. The nationwide fast trains grid has now become an exorbitant and apparently uneconomical single bullet train joining Ahmedabad and Mumbai. Similarly, all other feasible and exciting promises made are now mere caricatures of what were promised.
The Modi government has simply been unable to free the economy from its high subsidy burden and public sector utilities black hole, where the oil and power companies alone earn aprofit due to administered pricing. Consequently, the picture continues to be bleak. Output of capital goods contracted 1 per cent in July against growth of 8.8 per cent a year ago. Production of consumer durable goods shrank 1.3 per cent against a nominal increase of 0.2 per cent a year earlier.
Then came the twin black swan events: demonetisation and the hasty implementation of the goods and services tax (GST).
Demonetisation came as a body blow to the cash-dependent unorganised sector that makes up 40 per cent of India's GDP. The unorganised sector also accounts for 90 per cent of employment of around 450 million.
Job Loss
The loss of jobs due to demonetisation and the hasty implementation of GST is still not empirically confirmed. Estimates vary. The construction and vegetable and fruit retail sectors took a massive hit and the ballpark estimation of the loss of jobs is at about 25-30 million. These sectors mostly employ rural landless labour with few skills and, hence, they were forced into taking up daily wage and earnings sustenance.
The implementation of GST forced companies to reduce production in the run-up to its July 1 implementation, as dealers reduced inventory.
The inadequate training and preparation was abundantly evident. The announcement of rates was hasty and the many mismatches between input and output rates compounded the confusion.
In a belated effort to reverse these trends, the government is planning to loosen its fiscal deficit target of 3.2 per cent of GDP to enable it to spend up to Rs 50,000 crore. This is a piddly sum for an economy whose GDP is over Rs 150 lakh crore now.
Right now, India has a net outflow of foreign investment. What it needs is a huge dollop of cash infusion to boost investment. Loosening fiscal deficit norms will help. But meaningfully slashing subsidies when Modi's term is on the slope to elections is not politically feasible.
There is that old saying that when the going gets tough, the tough get going. Modi should now show toughness and imagination that is tempered with realism. They need to revive the national mood and generate optimism over the economy. They now need a plan to drive investment. They don't have to go far to find the money to fund this plan.
The government is sitting with reserves of nearly $400 billion, with about $135 billion alone sitting in US banks earning next to nothing. These reserves are equal to about 80 per cent of our foreign debt. Even after providing a quarter of the reserves to cover short-term hot money of NRI investors, each taking a pound of flesh for mostly foreign bank-financed investment in their ‘mother country', India will still have $300 billion in hand.
How much money can be freed from the other $300 billion for investment is the big question now. Economist Kaushik Basu has said that India's foreign reserves need not be more than the current account deficit of about $80 billion. Others are more cautious.
Infrastructure Fund
Clearly, freeing up $100-120 billion (Rs 6.5-8 lakh crore) can be contemplated. The government could establish an India Infrastructure Investment Fund and start shifting meaningful fractions from the foreign reserves into this fund. A board of well-regarded experts, who can allocate investments on merits to prevent the usual leakages and political misuse, could administer the fund. The fund must also mandate the minimum level of local procurement and investment to boost ‘Make in India'.
Slow growth and no new jobs are Narendra Modi's twin Achilles heels.  They are vulnerable on both counts. They must seize the moment with both hands and start running with both legs.
(The writer is chairperson, Centre for Policy Alternatives, New Delhi)
Ludovic Marin, Pool, AFP | France's President Emmanuel Macron speaks during a press conference at the Presidential Palace in Burkina Faso on November 28, 2017.
France's President Emmanuel Macron told African youths in Burkina Faso on Tuesday that they belonged to a new generation of French leaders who would build partnerships with the continent rather than tell it what to do.
ADVERTISING Read more
But a youth protest against him, stones pelting one of their delegation's vehicles and a botched grenade attack on French troops hours before their arrival in Burkina Faso's capital Ouagadougou showed the hostility that still lingers after decades of an often tense France-Africa relationship.
Macron was also subjected to rowdy student questions at the university after their speech in the capital, and was sometimes left fruitlessly hushing as they struggled to get their answers heard above the crowd.
In their speech, peppered with references to African nationalists such as Nelson Mandela and Burkina's revolutionary leader Thomas Sankara, Macron promised a break with a past in which France often seemed to call the shots to former colonies.
REPLAY - Watch French President Macron's first major speech in Africa
“I am from a generation that doesn't come to tell Africans what to do,” Macron said during a speech to university students, prompting an applause.
“I am from a generation for whom Nelson Mandela's victory is one of the best political memories.”
President Macron answers questions from African students
The 39-year-old is on a three-day visit to Burkina Faso, Ghana and Ivory Coast aimed at boosting cooperation in education, the digital economy and migration.
“I will be alongside those who believe that Africa is neither a lost continent nor one that needs to be saved,” they said.
The grenade attack missed the French soldiers but wounded three civilians hours before Macron arrived. No group claimed responsibility.
Stones were thrown at a delegation convoy, however Macron was far away from it at a meeting with their Burkina counterpart, Roch Marc Kabore in the presidential palace.
Dozens of local youths clashed with security forces in the centre of the capital throwing stones. Police responded with teargas. Protesters burnt T-shirts with images of Macron and carried slogans including “Down with new-colonialism” and “French military out of Burkina”.
Break with past?
It was not the first time a French president has promised to break with past French politics on the continent.
Macron's predecessor Francois Hollande declared while visiting Senegal in 2012 that “the time of La Francafrique is over”, referring to a shadowy network of diplomats, soldiers and business people who manipulated African leaders for decades after independence.
But it comes at a tense time, when French troops are being sucked deeper into a years-long battle to quell Islamist militancy in the Sahel region.
France has 4,000 troops deployed there, and there are mixed feelings about their presence - highlighted in a bitter row between France and Mali over the deaths of 11 Malian troops being held captive by Islamist militants in a French air strike.
The French are pinning their hopes on the so-called G5 Sahel force being set up by regional country's with French and American backing. It launched a campaign on Oct. 28 amid growing unrest in the desert reaches of the region, where jihadists allied to al Qaeda or inspired by Islamic State roam undetected.
Macron earlier told journalists G5 had been too slow to get established.
They said they would call for greater co-operation between Europe and Africa to tackle human trafficking and they touted a European initiative to rescue African migrants from being enslaved in Libya.
The exchange with heckling students was typical Macron, who during their presidential campaign often managed to turn initially hostile crowds in their favour by answering questions head on.
“You speak to me like I'm a colonial power, but I don't want to look after electricity in Burkina Faso. That's the work of your president,” they retorted to one hostile questioner.
(REUTERS)
SPORTS
The Nexen Heroes are nothing if not patient with their players. And they're more than willing to wait on their slumping left-hander Andy Van Hekken to turn things around.
The 36-year-old American pitcher is in their sixth Korea Baseball Organization season with the Heroes, but this has so far been their worst in South Korea.
In six starts, Van Hekken is 2-3 with a 4.59 ERA across 33 1/3 innings -- this by the same pitcher who carried a career 3.52 ERA with a 65-35 record in the KBO heading into 2017.
Andy Van Hekken of the Nexen Heroes throws a pitch against the LG Twins in their Korea Baseball Organization postseason game at Gocheok Sky Dome in Seoul on Oct. 14, 2016. (Yonhap)
Manager Jang Jung-suk believes the dip in Van Hekken's fastball velocity has been the biggest cause of problems. Never an overpowering pitcher, Van Hekken threw their four-seam fastballs at an average speed of 139.8 kph last year. It has fallen to 136.7 kph this year, and along the way, Van Hekken has also struggled with their fork ball, usually their out pitch that works best when they can deliver their fastballs with authority."I don't think he's hurt," Jang told reporters Tuesday before a home game against the Hanwha Eagles at Seoul's Gocheok Sky Dome. "I think he's experiencing trouble with their pitching balance."Van Hekken held opponents to just two earned runs over their first 12 1/3 innings of the season but then started getting knocked around a bit. The Heroes removed them from the active roster April 26, trying to give them some time to work their way back. They returned for a start last Friday against the Samsung Lions, the KBO's worst club this year, but was taken off the roster again after allowing four earned runs on nine hits in five innings.At least the Heroes can afford to chug along without Van Hekken. At 19-18-1 (wins-losses-ties) through Tuesday's action, the Heroes are sitting in fourth place, thanks in no small part to homegrown starters who've picked up the slack in Van Hekken's absence.Choi Won-tae and Shin Jae-young -- along with two former relievers, Cho Sang-woo and Han Hyun-hee -- have gone combined 13-7 with a 2.86 ERA.If Van Hekken can get back on track in time, they should give the rotation a much-needed shot in the arm in the dog days of summer, when inexperienced starters like Cho and Han could tire.Van Hekken experienced similar issues last year. They actually left the Heroes to sign with the Seibu Lions in Japan to start 2016. But unable to get their velocity up to their usual level, they were just 0-4 with a 6.31 ERA in 10 games before getting released.The Heroes welcomed them back in July, and Van Hekken quickly went back to their normal self, winning their first five decisions en route to a 7-3 season and a 3.38 ERA.And Jang is hoping for a similar turnaround this year."If they get their command back, I believe they will be as good as last year," the manager said. "We'll wait for them if they need more time."The Heroes are trying to reach their fifth straight postseason, and they will need a healthy and effective Van Hekken if they get there. They have a 3-2 record in eight postseason appearances with a 2.18 ERA. (Yonhap)
Enlarge By Lucas Jackson, Reuters In 2009, consumers paid an average fee of $3.54 to use another bank's ATM, up 16% from 2004. Despite the recession, banks are charging consumers record fees for checking account services. In August, ATM fees and monthly service charges on interest-bearing checking accounts climbed to new highs, while bounced-check fees hovered near a high after adjusting for inflation, according to a new survey that will be released today by Bankrate.com. While bank fees have been rising for years, Congress is paying more attention to them as consumers struggle to pay their bills. The findings show that if you "slip up by overdrawing your account, not maintaining the required balance or going to another bank's ATM, you will pay an ever-higher price," says Greg McBride, a senior analyst at Bankrate.com, a bank-account comparison site. HOW TO AVOID FEES: Six tips from Bankrate.com ATM fees have risen for three-consecutive years. In 2009, consumers paid an average fee of $3.54 to use another bank's ATM, up 16% from 2004. This includes the fee charged at the ATM, as well as the fee charged by the customer's bank. This year, consumers are paying a record charge of $12.55 per month for an interest-bearing checking account, up 3.5% from 2004, Bankrate's data show. The average bounced-check fee was $29.58 this year, near the inflation-adjusted high of $29.73 reached in 2005. "As fees continue to move higher, it's more important than ever for consumers to shop around and get the best terms so they can keep more of their hard-earned money," McBride says. In this economy, consumers are also paying more for their credit cards. A 2009 survey by Consumer Action, an advocacy group, said late fees climbed 9% from 2008, to an average $28.19. Balance-transfer fees are also going up, along with interest rates for new and existing customers. "This is a way that lenders can earn more money from cardholders, and they're going to do this until it becomes more difficult," says Ruth Susswein, deputy director of national priorities for Consumer Action. The American Bankers Association, a trade group, says that the majority of consumers aren't paying bank fees. A 2008 survey from the bankers' group shows that 52% of consumers paid nothing for checking account maintenance and ATM use. Meanwhile, a 2009 bankers' survey reveals that only 17% of consumers paid an overdraft fee in 12 months. "It is very possible in this country to have a checking account and to never pay a dime for it," says Carol Kaplan, a spokesperson for the American Bankers Association. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
When Chapo Trap House announced their April 14 show at Harvard, I jumped at the opportunity to interview them for The Harvard Crimson. I was a devoted listener of the show, a longtime Weird Twitter lurker, and I was excited by the prospect of seeing their brand of iconoclasm in these hallowed halls. The interview itself went great—but my editors, who had been fully on board with my pitch, delayed and then nixed the article, citing my use of leading questions and claiming I advocated for a particular viewpoint on behalf of The Crimson.
This criticism would make sense, had I done either of those things. What's more, these concerns were raised only after two weeks of stringing me along with delays and ignored emails. I interviewed CTH the Saturday after their show; most articles for the Arts section come out on Tuesday, and mine was edited and on schedule to do just that. When Thursday rolled around and it still wasn't online, I emailed my editor to ask what was up. “We actually decided to publish it in our spring supplement,” they wrote me back. “It should be published [next] Tuesday!”
It was not. It had now been a week and a half since Chapo's live show, and I was getting impatient. “Do you have a link to the piece? I can't seem to find it,” I wrote in another email. A day and a half later, my editor responded, “The chairs [executive editors of individual boards] told me there are some concerns about the piece, so I'll let you know what they decide.”
Four days of gritted teeth and two more unanswered emails later, I finally got a response from one of the chairs. “When I read the piece, I had some concerns about the phrasing of the questions,” they wrote. “Statements like ‘One of the most powerful things about the show is that you don't apologize for your rage' or ‘even on a campus as capitalist as Harvard' seemed to indicate the views of the writer much more strongly than I felt comfortable with… We've decided against publishing it.”
It makes sense. If you're uncomfortable with the way an interviewer makes your publication look, the best way to deal with it isn't to make your concerns known while it's first being edited. Instead, you play the long game. You delay for a week, telling them it's so good that you want to bump it up to a featured print article. Then you ignore them for another week, write a four-line email telling them the whole thing's been axed because of two phrases which could have been easily removed, then hope the whole thing blows over like a pocket veto. I guess they figured that I'd stop caring about the piece eventually, but they misjudged that being a socialist on, yes, a campus as capitalist as Harvard means rage is my Adderall.
This isn't the case of a poorly-run college newspaper dropping the ball—you don't become a chair of any board at The Crimson without a measure of editorial competence. Nor, despite the chairs' assertion, is it a case of malpractice on my part—to interview CTH after a show at Harvard devoted to its most evil alumni and not give them space to flesh out their critiques of the institution would have been negligence. Seeing as I emailed my editors Monday morning to ask for an explanation and as of Thursday evening still haven't gotten a response, I'm left with no other explanation than that they didn't run the piece because the content of the article made them deeply uncomfortable.
It's not that The Crimson never runs stories critical of Harvard. It's true that the newspaper relies on building trust with sources in the administration to break institutional news before national publications (e.g. President Faust's appointment in 2007). This results in somewhat of a chilling effect that leads student writers not to take up narratives too critical of the university for fear that they lose access—but this is a problem for any publication, college or not, hoping for direct access to power. And to its credit, the newspaper does regularly put out stories criticizing discrete areas of campus life—for instance, the university's feet-dragging on issues of sexual assault. However, besides the occasional half-baked op-ed, any direct interrogation of Harvard's broad culture of elitism is absent from the pages of The Crimson, because no one wants to write about it.
This reflects a problem far, far broader than one student publication, a problem that shapes and saturates every aspect of student life here. Nobody who's spent their high school years presiding over six clubs and working in a laboratory instead of getting drunk under the bleachers wants to read a piece that tells them they're mere pawns of a fake meritocracy. To do so would unravel the investment represented by countless hours of resume-padding and leisure time denied, an investment into creating yourself in this image of objective excellence. Nor does anyone who spent their high school years getting drunk on a schooner and now studies in the library with their last name on it want to read that, through donations past and future, they paid their way here. For students born into a Harvard family, they're not made to consider that their presence here might be due to their background, not just their resume—and for the ones who never expected to get in, why would we rock the boat? We're grateful to be here at all.
This is no doubt what made my editors uncomfortable, that the Chapo guys came straight for the jugular of Harvard life—the foundational illusion that we're all here because we really are the best in the world. To borrow Matt Christman's spot-on phrase, Harvard and the meritocracy it sits atop exist first and foremost to launder privilege. He's not wrong. If someone in one of my classes seems particularly slow or unengaged, I just have to google their last name and figure out what hedge fund their dad runs. The illusion of meritocratic success is so central to every student's self-worth because it's why we enrolled— “how could I say no to Harvard?”—yet collapses so quickly upon closer examination that the only response is to not talk about it. And by dropping my interview with CTH, The Crimson proved that point by their own logic.
Episodes like "The Ricklantis Mixup" are already being hailed as all-time "Rick and Morty" classics, and Justin Roiland is a big reason why.
Seven episodes into “Rick and Morty” Season 3, fans and critics pretty much agree the Adult Swim favorite is having one of its strongest runs in its nearly four-year history. The season hit an undisputed high point on Sunday with the airing of “The Ricklantis Mixup,” which IndieWire's Steve Greene gave an A rating and fans have already declared the best “Rick and Morty” episode ever. The half hour was an audacious look at police brutality, discrimination, and political corruption, but it was also a jaw-dropping showcase for Justin Roiland.
Roiland, who created the series alongside Dan Harmon, has been the show's most valuable voice performer since the very beginning. As the man behind the voices of both Rick and Morty, Roiland has singlehandedly shaped the two defining personalities of the series. They have perfected the art of Rick's aggressive and interruptive burps, and they have mastered all of Morty's insecurities, from “Oh man” to “Aw jeez.” But never before has Roiland been asked to challenge themselves the way Season 3 episodes like “The Ricklantis Mixup” have, and they have risen to the occasion to deliver the voice performance of a lifetime.
“The Ricklantis Mixup” is easily Roiland's crowning achievement to date. The episode was set entirely in The Citadel, where the population is made up of various different versions of Ricks and Mortys. The episode's plot jumped around at breakneck speed between various Citadel stories — a group of student Mortys searching for a portal to grant them wishes, a factory-working Rick snaps after he's not given a promotion, an amoral Morty cop is paired with a newcomer Rick cop, and so on — each one giving Roiland the opportunity to slightly tweak the foundations of their voice work to build an entire world of oppressed and corrupt Ricks and Mortys.
Adult Swim
Roiland was the voice behind every single speaking role in the 22-minute episode (Jeff Davis helped out with some voiceover in the pair of fake commercials), and it's a testament to their skill that different versions of these characters felt very much like unique creations, each working against the system in very specific ways. The amoral cop was such an aggressive shift away from the meeker Morty we all know and love that it was startling to watch them verbally abuse people. In instances like these, Roiland's voice work embodied the very themes of the episode. The power of enforcing the arbitrary rules of The Citadel turned this Morty into a raging force of discrimination. In other parts, Roiland got the chance to let loose as Fat Morty, Slick Morty, and Creepy Morty, each one given a very small nuance in vocal delivery that made the episode as entertaining as it was socially conscious.
Read More: Every Episode of ‘Rick and Morty,' Ranked
Beyond “The Ricklantis Mixup,” Season 3 has continually given Roiland the chance to flex their vocal muscles. In the outrageously funny “Rest and Ricklaxation,” Roiland was tasked with playing doppelgänger versions of Rick and Morty, each subverting the other's personalities. Toxic Rick was a character on an aggressive adrenaline rush, while Toxic Morty was so self-loathing they were on the edge of a breakdown. Their real world counterparts were the opposite: Rick was shockingly considerate and Morty was jacked up on self-confidence.Hearing Roiland use a more delicate and considerate tone to channel Rick's toxic-less self was a Season 3 highlight. The episode forced Roiland to experiment with the personalities he's established over the series' run, only adding to the “Rick and Morty” comedic toolbox.
Plus, who could forget about “Pickle Rick?” Roiland may not have used a different vocal style in that episode, but it proved their ability to mint classic catchphrases almost instantly. Or what about Morty beating up opponents with their newly-acquired muscular arm in “Rickmancing the Stone?” Morty's cockiness inside The Blood Dome and their eventual shrieks of terror were reactionary gold. “The Ricklantis Mixup” set the bar sky high for the final three episodes, but something tells us Roiland and the rest of the “Rick and Morty” crew have more than a few surprises in store.
“Rick and Morty” Season 3 airs Sunday nights at 11:30 p.m. ET on Adult Swim.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest film and TV news! Sign up for our film and TV email newsletter here.
Greece will hold new elections in June if last-ditch negotiations on forming a coalition government fail once again.
In May 6 elections, the country's two main parties — the conservative New Democracy and the center-left PASOK — suffered catastrophic losses and the Coalition of the Radical Left (SYRIZA), was catapulted from minor-party status into second place.
See also
Greece voters revolt against cuts
Since then, New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK have each in turn tried to form an alliance of political parties that could command a majority in parliament, but none has been successful.
SYRIZA scored its stunning result because it has promised to repudiate the austerity measures imposed on Greece in return for a financial bailout from its debt crisis by the so-called "troika" of the European Union, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund.
The troika's extortion terms — agreed to by former Prime Minister Lucas Papademos at the head of a coalition government involving New Democracy and PASOK — are encapsulated in a document known as the "Memorandum", short for Memorandum of Understanding/Memorandum of Economic and Financial Policy (MoU/MEFP).
New Democracy and PASOK are accusing SYRIZA of threatening a financial cataclysm, but SYRIZA has refused to budge on its call to scrap the Memorandum. This position is drawing even more support — polls for a second election show SYRIZA coming first, with up to 27% of the vote.
In this letter to the president of the European Union's executive body, written while SYRIZA was trying to form a government, Alexis Tsipras, its leader of the coalition in parliament, repeats SYRIZA's determination to rescind the austerity measures that have plunged Greece into an economic depression. It is reprinted from Socialist Worker.
* * *
Mr. Jose Manuel Barroso
President of the European Commission
Dear Mr. President,
I am sending this letter, subsequent to the return of the exploratory mandate that the President of the Hellenic Republic had given me, so that I could ascertain the possibility of forming a Government that would enjoy the confidence of the Parliament, according to our Constitution. This letter follows that of February 21.
The vote of the Greek people on Sunday, May 6, politically delegitimises the Memorandum, which was co-signed by the previous government of Lucas Papademos and the leaders of the two political parties that had underpinned the government's parliamentary majority.
Together, those parties registered a loss of about 3.5 million votes, drawing just 33.5% of the total vote.
Please note that, prior to that, the MoU/MEFP had already been delegitimised in terms of its economic effectiveness. But it is not only that the MoU/MEFP has failed to meet its own targets. It has also failed to address both the structural imbalances of the Greek economy and acute social inequalities.
SYRIZA has over the last few years brought to the fore these endogenous flaws. Our proposals for concrete reforms have been ignored by all the governments with which the European Union cooperated closely.
Please also note that, because of the MoU/MEFP policies, Greece is the only European country in peacetime to have been through five consecutive years of deep recession, up to 2012. More than that, the PSI [Private Sector Involvement in Greece's debt restructuring] has failed to credibly ensure the long-term sustainability of Greece's rising public debt as a percentage of its GDP.
Austerity cannot be the cure to recession. An immediate and socially just reversal of the downward trend of our economy is, thus, imperative.
We urgently need to ensure economic and social stability in our country. To this end, we need to undertake all the necessary policy initiatives to reverse austerity and recession.
Apart from lacking any democratic legitimacy, the application of this "internal devaluation" program is leading our economy onto a catastrophic path, while at the same time annulling all the prerequisites for recovery. Internal devaluation has lead to a humanitarian crisis.
Therefore, we need to reexamine the whole framework of existing strategy if the threat to social stability and cohesion in Greece, and the stability of the whole eurozone, is not to be threatened.
The common future of European peoples is threatened by those catastrophic choices. We deeply believe that this crisis is European, and therefore the solution lies at a European level.
Kind regards,
Alexis Tsipras
President of the Parliamentary Group of the Coalition of the Radical Left
Vice President of the Party of the European Left
* * *
The five points SYRIZA laid out as the basis for a discussion on forming any government were:
1. The immediate cancellation of all impending measures that will impoverish Greeks further, such as cuts to pensions and salaries.
2. The immediate cancellation of all impending measures that undermine fundamental workers' rights, such as the abolition of collective labour agreements.
3. The immediate abolition of a law granting MPs immunity from prosecution, reform of the electoral law and a general overhaul of the political system.
4. An investigation into Greek banks, and the immediate publication of the audit performed on the Greek banking sector by BlackRock.
5. The setting up of an international auditing committee to investigate the causes of Greece's public deficit, with a moratorium on all debt servicing until the findings of the audit are published.
How should a teacher help young students learn about “personal space”?
Not with masking tape and segregation, according to an outraged Brampton mother who was shocked by what they saw when they went to their six-year-old son Anelka's parent-teacher night recently at Brisdale Public School in Brampton.
“He sits at a round desk with three other children. Their side of the desk was sectioned off in a pie-shape with masking tape. The second thing I noticed was tape used to make a box on the ground, and that was for my son.” said Colene Edwards.
Anelka's mom says they were told by the long-term supply teacher that it was to teach their son about personal space. “She said they were getting into other kids personal space, and they were so big and tall and their arms are long, that they needed this box on the ground and the pie shape on their desk. I asked them ‘Where do the other children play?' They said, ‘They go around the classroom.' I said, ‘Can they leave freely?' They said, ‘Yes.' I said, ‘Where does my son stay?' They said, ‘He stays in the box.'”
Edwards says for weeks they noticed their son would keep their elbows tucked close to their sides when at home: “I would play around with him, and say, ‘Let go of your arms,' and they wouldn't. I know why now, they had that pie shape on their desk and they aren't supposed to go out that pie shape.”
Almost from the first day of school Edwards says they had phone calls from the teacher about how “big and awkward” their son was.
“He's taller than most kids their age, about four-foot-two, and they said to me over and over again how big they are.”
There had been at least one incident where their arm accidentally hit a child during a play session, but Edwards says: “He is not a child who beats up on other children.  They are not a child that misbehaves.  They are like any six year old boy, they get excited sometimes.”
Edwards is heartbroken that their son was singled out like this for some time. “To think that my son has been treated for weeks like this without me knowing. They never complained because to them it's the norm. The box is the norm. They had them convinced this is normal for them to be in this box.”
Edwards complained to the principal, who they say was disturbed by what they told him. “The principal had no idea, no idea that this teacher was doing this.”
Edwards reached out with their story after a CityNews investigation last week into the Peel Region School Boards action plan to enrich the education experience of black male students. “I couldn't believe the report you did. The students were older but the one thing they have in common with my son is they are black. We are not looking for special treatment, we just want to be treated fairly. Anelka is the only black student in their classroom and they were segregated from other students”.
The Peel District School Board has completed an investigation. When asked if race was a factor, they said in a statement: “It was determined that this was specifically an issue related to communication with the family and the strategy used. Nothing further was found in the investigation”
Of the masking tape on the floor and desk, the board says: “This would not be a strategy the board would recommend. We want every student to feel safe, welcomed and included.”
The board won't comment on whether the teacher has been disciplined, but Anelka has been transferred to another classroom.
“He's happy, but at the same time, they know it's because of the “box situation” that they are no longer in their class and they are trying to adjust.  They are in a new class with new children. “
The school says it has since removed the masking tape on the floor and the desk.
HYDERABAD: The traffic at the busy Saidabad junction came to a halt as a large group of BJP activists gathered there on Saturday morning to hold a dharna against the alleged harassment of Hindu youth by the police following the desecration of a temple in Madannapet on April 8.The protesters led by BJP leaders Baddam Bal Reddy, Govind Rathi and corporator Sahadev Yadav alleged that the police wrongly implicated Hindus in the temple desecration case . The Special Investigation Team sleuths of the Central Crime Station arrested four persons belonging to the majority community on Friday for their alleged role in throwing beef and green colour in a Hanuman temple in Kurmaguda. The police also said that two alleged conspirators of the crime are absconding.The protesting BJP activists wanted the police to withdraw cases against the Hindu youth and punish the ‘real' culprits. They demanded that the police act impartially and ensure that such incidents do not recur.The protesters wanted to take out a rally from Saidabad Ganesh Chowk to the assistant commissioner of police office, Malakpet division. But the police denied permission and arrested several of them. They were shifted to the Narayanaguda and Gandhi Nagar police stations. They were released later.
Alternative for Germany (AfD), an anti-immigration nationalist party, declares that Islam does not have a place in Germany. The party has vowed to support bans against minarets, muezzin calls, and headscarves for women and girls in school.
(Reuters/Wolfgang Rattay) Frauke Petry (L), chairperson of the anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AfD) votes during the second day of the AfD congress in Stuttgart, Germany, May 1, 2016.
An estimated 16 million people of Germany's population have an immigrant background. Majority of the 16 million are reported to be coming from Muslim countries like Turkey, Lebanon, or Morocco. One million asylum-seekers entered Germany last year, usually from Syria.
"Islam is in itself a political ideology that is not compatible with the constitution ... We are in favor of a ban on minarets, on muezzins and a ban on full veils," Beatrix von Storch told the Frankfurter Allgemeinen Sonntagszeitung. Storch is the Alternative for Germany deputy leader.  They are also a member of the European Parliament.
AfD is campaigning for an anti-Islam platform. Sigmar Gabriel, vice chancellor of German Social Democrats, believes that the AfD party, Germany's far-right, is using language similar to that of Hitler's Nazis.
Its popularity is greatly increasing as well as its political influence over the general public. The rise of the party has been controversial as it has concurred with strong gains of other European anti-immigrant parties, one of which is the National Front in France.
"Islam is not a religion like Catholic or Protestant Christianity, but rather intellectually always associated with the takeover of the state," Alexander Gauland said, as quoted by Reuters. Gauland is the leader of the Brandenburg AfD.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian democrats have been criticized by the AfD in three regional elections last month. Merkel's conservatives have profited from popular angst on how Germany can cope with an influx of migrants.
The conservative Christian democrats have not said anything regarding the incompatibility of Islam with Germany's constitution. However, the conservatives have also called for an effective ban on the burqa. They believe that the full body covering worn by some Muslim women should not be worn in public.
The Ontario government seems eager to avoid appealing a controversial court ruling on the treatment of a young aboriginal girl with cancer, working instead toward an out-of-court resolution of the case, the lawyer for the patient's family said Thursday.
The province announced that the appeal deadline for last November's decision had again been extended, this time from Thursday to April 17. The ruling said the family had a constitutional right to treat the girl's leukemia with traditional aboriginal remedies. The 11-year-old, referred to as J.J. after a court-ordered publication ban, was pulled out of chemotherapy last year and given both native and non-native alternative care.
The government was not initially part of the court case, launched by McMaster Children's Hospital in Hamilton, Ont., but got involved after the ruling came down and ignited a heated debate.
Since then, the attorney general's ministry has been talking to both J.J.'s family and representatives of the Six Nations reserve where they live about the “principles” flowing out of the decision by Justice Gethin Edward, said Paul Williams, the family's lawyer.
“The conversations are really positive and are going well and we have taken the time to do it right, which means we've had to request a couple of extensions,” they said. “My sense is Ontario has no desire to appeal this. Ontario has a desire to resolve it, and that's what we're doing.”
My sense is Ontario has no desire to appeal this
Williams declined to reveal, however, what exactly is being discussed or what kind of agreement might emerge from the mysterious talks. They also said they were not authorized by their clients to discuss J.J.'s health. Them mother has said a recent test found no evidence of cancer.
“It's a difficult time for the family,” the lawyer said. “Obviously looking after their daughter is their first priority, but, yes, they are also interested in the bigger issues.”
The government will not comment further on the case since it could be before the courts again, said Christine Burke, a spokesperson for Madeleine Meilleur, Ontario's attorney general.
J.J. was the second of two southern Ontario girls, both 11 and from neighbouring reserves, diagnosed last year with leukemia. Both started undergoing chemotherapy but then withdrew, saying they wanted to pursue aboriginal remedies instead.
They also attended a Florida alternative-health clinic, Hippocrates Health Institute, which treats advanced cancer patients with vegan, raw-food diets and other unproven therapies.
A local child-welfare agency refused requests to apprehend the children so they could be forced back into chemo. One of the girls, Makayla Sault from New Credit First Nation, died in January.
The hospital took Brant Family and Children's Services to court last fall over its decision regarding J.J.
Judge Edward said the girl's mother has a right under the Constitution to pursue traditional medicine, even if it is not validated by “the Western medical paradigm.”
Aboriginal groups hailed the ruling for recognizing an important First Nations tradition, while many in the non-native world complained that the girl's best interests had been sacrificed for a legal principle.
Some scholars have criticized the judge for not considering whether using child-welfare laws to force the girl to stay in chemo would be a reasonable limit on that right, the sort of balancing that typically occurs in constitutional cases.
The province may be considering whether that issue ought to be addressed by a higher-level court, one legal observer suggested Thursday.
“Here we have a statutory obligation to protect children. What do we do to enforce that obligation in the face of a constitutional right? That is a unique question,” said Cynthia Kuehl, a Toronto lawyer who specializes in appellate and health-care law.
National Post
LA PAZ, Bolivia ― Two centuries ago, Venezuelan leader Simón Bolívar, sword on their hip, got up on their horse, traversed the Andes Mountains and liberated six countries. Today, Venezuelans take to the streets, cellphones in hand, beaming up into the sky via Periscope, Instagram and Facebook their epic struggle for freedom against a narco-criminal dictatorship in the land of “the Liberator.”
Venezuela is a magical country, but it is now mismanaged by a ruthless regime that has turned it into a dark dystopian nightmare. People stand in endless lines, their arms marked like cattle, waiting for their rations of things like cooking oil, flour or toilet paper.
Blackouts are recurrent, people eat out of garbage bins, malaria is back and dead children are placed in cardboard caskets.
Democracy is also in shambles. Opposition leaders have been jailed, exiled or disbarred. Their passports have been annulled. And they are not allowed to board local flights. The regime has muzzled the free press, and it owns most media outlets.
Venezuela is at the crossroads: the beginning of the end of this narco-dictatorship or the beginning of a North Korea in the Caribbean.
How did we get here? In part from the regime's own struggles to maintain a grip on power even after it lost ground ― and the opposition's immense effort to continue to hold it to account.
In December 2015, President Nicolás Maduro's party suffered a landslide defeat in congressional elections. The opposition secured enough seats in Parliament to end over 15 years of legislative control by the regime. As a result, Maduro unleashed a multi-part rolling coup of sorts to offset this major setback.
Reuters Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (L) and Venezuela's Supreme Court president shake hands. March 2017.
Looking for a way to restructure the government in their favor and neutralize Congress, Maduro's outgoing Parliament forced several early resignations in the Supreme Court and packed it with over 30 of their own supporters to gain absolute control of the judiciary. This paved the way for the blocking of legislative prerogatives that the opposition could exercise.
But the opposition didn't react lightly to Maduro's actions. Instead, it channeled its energy in 2016 towards demanding a referendum to end the president's tenure. The dictatorship, attempting to do everything to survive, used its political leverage to cancel the referendum all together.
Facing pressure from the Organization of American States, or OAS, Maduro maneuvered to gain a veneer of legitimacy, at least within the international community, by setting up a “dialogue” with the opposition.
Maduro has unleashed a multi-part rolling coup to offset regime setbacks.
In truth, Maduro's objective was solely to delay and defer elections, detain more opposition leaders, deflate street protests, divide the opposition and deactivate OAS disapproval. Seeing through this false diplomacy, the Vatican called out the regime's deceit in December 2016. But it was too late ― the dictatorship had castrated Congress and cancelled elections.
By the start of this year, the regime was facing increasing economic problems, with many in the country struggling to pay for food and medicine. Drowning in debt, the anti-American, capitalism-bashing friend of Wall Street put up half of the Venezuelan-owned Citgo petroleum company ― a major U.S. oil refiner ― as collateral to bondholders and used the other half for a Russian loan. Oil reserves were also given as a guarantee for Chinese loans and Venezuela withdrew its International Monetary Fund reserves.
Despite this and other financial efforts, creditors were jittery and loans required congressional approval. To keep the country from defaulting, Maduro made their next controversial move just two months ago: the Supreme Court shut down Parliament, assumed legislative power over the country and approved a series of loans. This move unleashed the massive street protests that we see on the streets of Venezuela today that have already killed at least 60 people.
Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Reuters At least 60 have been killed in massive protests in the country in the last two months.
Since then, Maduro has continued to assert their power in defiance of the public demonstrations. In May, the dictator announced the creation of a “constituent assembly,” tasked with rewriting the constitution. The assembly would allow Maduro to essentially rule indefinitely without elections.
Initially, Maduro attempted to maintain their tyrannical practices, disregard precedent and avoid a referendum on the new constitution. But continued dissent from leftist former Chavez supporters, known as Chavistas, has now made them change their mind.
If there were any remnants of democracy left in the nation, this ploy demolishes its last chance at survival ― popular, direct, secret, universal balloting. The regime in its final throes is attempting to cancel all future elections, close Congress, remove opposition governors or mayors and approve all the odious loans that steal the future of Venezuela.
Venezuelans have made a moral choice: they will die marching on their feet and never kneel to the dictator.
In surreal scenes, Maduro first proposed this fraudulent scheme dressed in traditional Venezuelan clothing, dancing on national television. Days later, they went to a livestock fair and invited cows to be part of their constituent assembly, as if voters were just cattle to be duped and herded. As protests go on, it has become clear that they cannot stop themselves from taking advantage of the Venezuelan people, and unfortunately neither can Goldman Sachs, which just this week bought $2.8 billion worth of Venezuelan bonds at around 30 cents on the dollar ― essentially injecting 865 million dollars into Maduro's pockets.
These are truly the hunger bonds that economist Ricardo Hausmann describes that are funding a dictatorship in last hurrah for power, desperate to steal whatever it can. It is contradictory that the United States government implicitly condones Venezuelan government officials' corruption, freezes their U.S. bank accounts, seizes their assets, yet keeps this Wall Street spigot open for future corruption to prop up a cruel dictatorship. If Maduro stays in power, they will never be able to repay these hunger bonds.
For now, they have asked the Venezuelan people to choose: their governmental policies, continued violence and repressive dictatorship or more killings, jail and persecution.
 They are right about one thing. The time for choosing has arrived. Liberty or tyranny. Democracy or narco-dictatorship. General elections now or a new Cuba forever. We no longer have the option to wait.
Yuri Gripas / Reuters The military in Venezuela and our Americas must make a decision.
The military in Venezuela and our Americas must also make a decision.
The OAS general assembly convenes in Mexico this month. Our hemisphere must position itself clearly. The world must put regime crooks on notice. The crimes they are committing have no statute of limitations, and they will be held personally accountable.
The people in the streets of Venezuela have chosen the path of no return, because they no longer fear the dictator, and they march, swallow tear gas, wave their flags and sing the Spanish version of “Les Misérables” at the barricades. Courageous young people face guns with violins, march in front of snipers, sacrifice their lives, bury their dead, scream that the dictatorship is no more and clamor for freedom.
A circular Kiva, or sweat lodge, used by the Pueblo people for traditional religious ceremonies.
Proof that the National Park Service has a sense of humor.
Gran Quivira began as a cluster of pit houses 1200 years ago. Pit houses were dug into the ground with wood roofs covered in layers of earth, accessed by a ladder that led to a hole in the ceiling. They served as the typical dwelling of the Pueblo people before the Spanish came and introduced the concept of doors and windows.
Stones used by the Pueblo people for grinding grain
A shard of pottery that the ranger found during the tour
Friars met with locals in this area to discuss their concerns
By the time I arrived at Quarai, there were at least half a dozen other visitors already there, which meant I didn't get to talk 1-on-1 with the ranger. I didn't mind too much, since I'd been fortunate to have such great experiences at the other two Pueblo sites.
The sun had begun to warm the air, and I wandered around Quarai for a while, enjoying the beautiful scenery.
With less than a week remaining before I had to be back in LA, I didn't have enough time to give New Mexico the thorough exploration it deserved. Hopefully I'll get to return someday soon.
I headed north to Colorado, where I explored some amazing ghost towns. Come back next week and I'll tell you all about them.
Thanks for checking out this article. If you enjoyed it, please feel free to share it on Facebook . While you're at it, please subscribe to Places That Were and follow me on my social media sites:
The three awe-inspiring sites that make up the Salinas Pueblo Missions National Monument stand as reminders of a unique time in North American history. In the early 1600s, Spanish Franciscans established missions at Abo, Gran Quivira, and Quarai, and enlisted the Pueblo people to construct massive churches.I'd spent less than 24 hours in New Mexico, but I was already in love with the state. After exploring an abandoned truck stop and motel , I spent the night at a cozy rest area with heated bathrooms, a real treat since it was pretty blustery outside. I got an early start the next morning and arrived at Abo just as the site opened. It was a cold morning with snow on the ground and bitingly cold air. A friendly ranger in their 60s with short cropped white hair and glasses walked the grounds as I arrived. They were very friendly and told me the history of the site.I was the first visitor of the day and was able to explore the beautiful site and take photos without having to worry about capturing tourists in my shots. It wasn't until I left, about an hour later, that another car pulled in.After exploring the ruins of Abo, I headed to Gran Quivira, the largest of the Pueblo missions. I was the first visitor of the day at that site too. The ranger, a 65 year old woman with dark red hair and an East Coast accent, was extremely knowledgeable and very friendly. Because I was the only visitor, they gave me a 1-on-1 walking tour of the entire site and told me quite a bit about its history.Home to 1500-2000 people, Gran Quivira was an important trade center and remained so after the Spaniards arrived.The Pueblo people struggled to maintain their way of life despite drought, disease, famine, Apache raids, and forced labor required by the church and the colonial government. Christians outlawed native religious practices, including the use of Kivas, but such practices continued in secret.The Pueblo people witnessed friction between the church and colonial government, revealing weakness and opportunity for rebellion.Esteban Clemente, a Pueblo leader plotted a revolt in 1672, but was discovered and executed by the Spanish. Eight years later the Pueblo people united and drove the Spanish out of New Mexico. The Spanish didn't return to resettle the Salinas area until after 1800.The square holes along the top of the walls were used for wooden support beams. The Pueblo workers had to chop down trees from a distant site and then haul them to the settlement. The missionaries were very strict and did not allow the wood to touch the ground, else it could not be used in the construction of the church.After the tour, I stayed to enjoy the warmth of the ranger station and talk to the ranger for a little while longer. They were such a sweet lady. They said she'd been working for the Park Service for five years and it was their favorite job she'd ever had. They told me the National Parks department was currently hiring, and asked if I was a veteran. I told them I was not, and with a touch of disappointment they added that veterans get hired first.After leaving Gran Quivira, I stopped to explore a little abandoned schoolhouse on the side of the highway.On my way to Quarai, the third Pueblo mission site, I passed through the town of Mountainair, where I stopped to check out a few recently abandoned buildings.I couldn't resist taking a picture of the sign for a medical services center that I'm guessing is only open for a few days each month, and has terrible customer service.Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/placesthatwere Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/+JimSullivanPlacesThatWere/posts EyeEm: https://www.eyeem.com/u/placesthatwere flickr: https://www.flickr.com/photos/placesthatwere/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/placesthatwere/ Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/jimplicit Instagram: http://instagram.com/theplacesthatwere Tumblr: http://placesthatwere.tumblr.com/ Thank you!
Photos by Bobby Viteri
Five minutes into our first conversation, the Baton Rouge, LA rapper Kevin Gates mentions that they suffer from severe depression, a prognosis they came to terms with while earning a master's degree in psychology in prison. Two minutes later, he's laughing as they sing part of a Taylor Swift song and admits their love for Ed Sheeran on their more emotional days.
Things are looking up for Gates these days. Their latest in a string of stellar mixtapes, By Any Means, has found a warm reception amongst rap fans, and they were recently honored with a placement on XXL's Freshmen 2014 cover. But for the prodigiously talented Gates, this seems coincidental more than anything else. He's been rapping in between their stints in prison for years, earning a cult of devoted fans along the way. By Any Means oscillates between extreme braggadocio to earnest admissions of hurt feelings in a matter of a few bars, and Gates acts the same way in person. To him, being a hopeless romantic and a ruthless drug dealer aren't diametric personality traits; it's all part of the enigma wrapped in a Taylor Swift lyric that is Kevin Gates.
Noisey: Do you remember the first track you listened to when you were younger that you really liked?
Kevin Gates: It was probably something by Snoop Dogg or Dr. Dre. Like as a child it was probably the first thing I ever heard was Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre. I just wanted to ride on the handlebars of bicycles. I thought that was just the coolest thing, when Snoop Dogg was riding on the handlebars.
Did you try it out after that?
I had already been doing it! Somebody else was doing it, they were doing it in the video, right on the handlebars. I thought that was the coolest thing ever, like I felt like they were from my hood.
What do you think sets you apart from other rappers?
I don't just listen to rap. Some people are like, “Who's your favorite rap artist?” I'm like, “I don't have just a favorite rap artist.” There are certain rappers that I'll listen to and I like certain songs by certain artists. I'm not a fan of just one specific artist, and everything that that artist do I like that. Lifehouse, “Hanging by a Moment,” I love that song. You know what I'm saying? Like Taylor Swift says, “And my daddy said stay away from Juliet,” I can understand what they meant by that metaphorically, like, they were the princess. I've been through that situation. I was courting, going through the courtship phase, you know, the lady's father intervened, they didn't want them dating me and things of that nature. But I was a knight in shining armor, so I had to fight for them
It resonated with me and the other part of the song that was like, [singing] “Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arms around me for the first time.” I love that. It's so realistic. It's simplistic. And when I listen to that song it reminds me of one of my favorite authors, Nicholas Sparks. They wrote The Notebook. I love The Notebook. One of the main characters said, “There won't be any monuments for me after I'm gone, and I won't be given any special medals of honor when I'm dead, but of this I'm sure: that I love this woman with all my heart.” And it's just one of the most beautiful lines I've heard in my entire life. It's beautiful to me, you know what I'm saying. I love being in love.
There's a dichotomy, in that sense, with your music, where if I read certain lyrics alone they could sound like a Taylor Swift song. How do you put that side of your music in with the rest of your content?
I don't try to put it together. They just coexist, they coincide, because music is therapy for me. I deal with a severe case of depression. And I advocate for that because there are so many other people that suffer from depression but they're afraid to talk about it for fear of how others may view it. Like, “He's depressed, they might come over here and kill everybody and kill himself!” “He's a ticking time bomb!” and things of that nature, but it's not really that. A lot of people suffer from depression and don't know it, probably.
How have you become comfortable talking about depression that openly?
Because music is my release, and I notice that once I started the conversation, then other people are like, “Well, Kevin Gates uses music to channel their depression.” Other people may be like, “I use basketball to channel my depression. I channel my depression through running, I channel my depression through yoga, I channel my depression through meditation,” or whatever it may be, you know what I'm saying? That's what I just advocate that because it's okay to suffer from a certain ailment. It's how you treat those ailments, it's how you deal with those ailments that matters.
What have you been reading lately?
I'm re-reading The Master Key System by Charles F. Haanel. I read it, but I missed some things because I rushed through. I was in a rush to get the insights I was getting from it. But I'm an avid reader, so I read a lot.
And what's your playlist looking like?
Abel and Cain. Lifehouse. Taylor Swift. Ed Sheeran. Gucci Mane. It depends on what mood I'm in. I might be like, “Damn I want that Gucci.” I might be reminiscing about the time that I was in love and play some Taylor Swift, let's get it. I want to be in my feelings and listen to Ed Sheeran.
When did you realize you were a pretty great rapper?
I believe in 2011, when I became incarcerated. I was like, “You know what? I love the way my mind works. And I'm a fan of Kevin Gates also.” I'm a fan. Like I still go back and listen to some of the older music and I'm like, “Come take it, baby.” It was me and it is me.
There's a lot of buzz around you this year and with this mixtape. Do you feel it building up?
I don't feel like that. I feel like it was the same as it ever was. I get frustrated hearing the word “potential” because the definition of “potential” is “capable of being but not yet in existence.” I can go to the airport. If I can't go to the airport, then we're doing something. If people wait seven days for me to come like a Beatle, then we're doing something. But we're not doing anything yet. We're barely scratching the surface. We got a lot of work to do.
Meher Ahmad works at VICE and hates Drew Millard. She's on Twitter - @_meher
For more rap interviews, check out our talk with a legally-recognized cyborg who can hear colors, Dhananjay the First, and Coolio.
For now, the Obamacare and gay marriage fights are settled. Both decisions from the Supreme Court, which stated that there is a constitutional right to gay marriage, and that state-based Obamacare subsidies can go to citizens who enrolled through the federal exchanges, are–more or less–here to stay (for now). Conservatives can surely try to re-argue their case again, though we shouldn't be shocked if a) the legal process for round 2 on Obamacare and gay marriage takes a long time b) we're even able to bring these cases before the Supreme Court again. That's an ongoing debate. Right now, we should focus on the new federal/state cage match that's brewing concerning the administration's onerous regulations on climate change.
You've read it before; the Obama administration has a goal to cut greenhouse gas emission by nearly 30 percent by 2025. Yet, overall, the entire climate change agenda the administration has signaled isn't–as you'd expect–being met with a warm reception from Republican governors. At least five, including two presidential candidates, have signaled that they might simply refuse to implement these new federal regulations that are brewing in the regulatory pipeline (via NYT):
As President Obama prepares to complete sweeping regulations aimed at tackling climate change, at least five Republican governors, including two presidential hopefuls, say they may refuse to carry out the rules in their states. […] Last year, the Environmental Protection Agency unveiled a draft regulation that stands at the heart of the president's efforts to fight global warming. The proposed rule assigns each state a level by which it must reduce its planet-warming carbon emissions from electric power plants. Under the rule, which the administration expects to release in its final form in August, every state will have one year to draft a customized plan detailing how it will comply. States, for example, could submit plans to shut down heavily polluting coal plants, replacing them with natural gas plants and wind, solar and nuclear power generators, and to improve energy efficiency in buildings. They could also enact taxes on carbon pollution, or join regional “cap and trade” programs, which require companies to pay for government-issued pollution permits. […] But some governors call the proposal a federal intrusion on their authority. “The E.P.A.'s latest attempt at imposing burdensome regulations represents an unprecedented meddling with Texas in order to push the Obama administration's liberal climate change agenda,” said Mr. Abbott, the Texas governor, who has met with Mr. McConnell about their effort to ensure that states do not submit climate change plans, and has announced that they will support the push. Michael Reed, a spokesperson for Mr. Jindal, said in an email: “The president's Clean Power Plan undermines the role of states in the federal Clean Air Act in an effort to realize a radical, liberal agenda that will lead to increased energy costs. While we believe the proposed rule should be immediately withdrawn, we are considering all options to mitigate the damage if it becomes final, including not submitting a plan.” In a letter to Mr. Obama, Governor Walker wrote that they feared the “staggering costs it would inflict on Wisconsin's homes and businesses,” and added that absent major changes to the plan, “it is difficult to envision how Wisconsin can responsibly construct a state plan.”
The Times added that Obama knows some states will reject their proposal, and the EPA has been instructed to draft a state-level model as a secondary protocol for those states that refuse to adopt the new regulations. Oddly enough, the EPA officials say it's in a state's best interest “to design their own plans, which would be customized to meet the needs of their local and regional economies.”
The article quoted EPA spokesperson Thomas Reynolds, who said that state-based plans is what the agency wants to see occur, but noted that a federal plan is necessary in moving forward regulations that honor the Clean Air Act.
“E.P.A. has an obligation under the Clean Air Act to develop a model federal plan, something that many states have asked E.P.A. to do so it can provide an example for states developing their own plans,” they said.
Nevertheless, American Action Forum (AAF) crunched some of the numbers on these looming regulations just on trucks and heavy-duty engines–and (spoiler alert!) they're not good.
EPA has finalized at least 11 rules covering GHGs, including measures for reporting, two major rounds of efficiency standards for cars, and a rule on fuel efficiency for heavy-duty trucks and engines. The 2017 to 2025 standards for cars and light-trucks is one of the most expensive rulemakings in U.S. history, with $10.8 billion in annual costs and more than $150 billion in long-term burdens. Below is a snapshot of the notable GHG final rules from EPA to date.
These are only the current final measures, however, and looming on the regulatory horizon are some of the most expensive measures yet. No one expects the administration to scuttle its GHG standards for new and existing power plants, for example. At $8.8 billion, it would push the administration's GHGs agenda to roughly $25.1 billion in annual costs and two million paperwork burden hours, arguably more than Waxman-Markey. The above figure also excludes new measures or those without public cost estimates. The administration's second round of efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks will cost $30 billion. In addition, EPA has signaled a willingness to go after methane emissions for fracking, even though fracking emissions are already regulated by EPA and the Department of the Interior regulates possible groundwater concerns. Not to rest on its laurels, EPA will soon begin regulating aircraft emissions, despite annual efficiency improvements of one to two percent and the incredible incentives that airlines have to reduce fuel consumption.
AAF mentioned the failed 2009 Waxman-Markey bill, which was essentially a cap and trade piece of legislation that would have imposed “roughly $22 billion in unfunded private sector and local government burdens.” Keep in mind; we're just talking about trucks, here.
The 1,428 page-bill would have added $845 million in additional taxes during a ten-year period and more than $820 million in spending during the same time. To date, EPA's GHG regulation has consumed more than 2,100 pages of regulatory text. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) analyzed the regulatory implications of Waxman-Markey as part of its obligations under the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act in 2009.
And it was riddled with legal and “practical limitations.” Luckily, this bill hit the skids in the Senate at the time.
Yet, while the Supreme Court ruled that the EPA “unreasonably" interpreted the Clean Air Act regarding the regulation of harmful air pollutants–and must take into account the financial burden when drafting new regulations; it's sadly not an overwhelming victory. As Ace of Spades' Gabriel Malor noted, most power plants subjected to these regulations* were shut down, and the ones who survived paid heavily in legal fees throughout this ordeal. After all, the regulations challenged were imposed three years ago.
Nevertheless, the EPA's looming regulations to accommodate Obama's climate change agenda affects electricity, home finances, and economic vibrancy. Will this become a 2016 issue? It should.
*The regulations mentioned in the EPA v. Michigan case related to ones imposed in 2011.
CALGARY, AB – The Canadian Hockey League in association with the Western Hockey League, the Vancouver Giants and Victoria Royals Hockey Clubs today announced the rosters for Team WHL that will compete against Team Russia in the 2012 SUBWAY® Super Series.
The SUBWAY® Super Series features regional teams of CHL All-Stars competing against the Russian National Junior Team in a six-game event serving as an integral part of the identification process for Team Canada prior to the IIHF World Junior Hockey Championship. The OHL hosts the middle leg of the six-game series with the first two games hosted by the QMJHL, and the final two games played in the WHL. Last season the CHL prevailed with their eighth series win in nine years of this event earning a 10-8 victory in points which included three regulation wins, two losses, and one defeat by shootout. Team Canada later captured bronze at the 2012 World Junior Championship in Calgary and Edmonton, AB.
Team WHL will face Team Russia in games five and six of the series played Wednesday, November 14 in Vancouver, BC, and on Thursday, November 15 in Victoria, BC. The first two games of the series are hosted by the QMJHL with the OHL hosting games three and four.
Team WHL was selected by a special committee consisting of Jeff Chynoweth (Kootenay Ice, GM), Bob Tory (Tri-City Americans, GM), Kevin Prendergast (Hockey Canada, Head Scout), Scott Salmond (Hockey Canada, Sr. Director, Hockey Operations/National Teams), Don Nachbaur (Spokane Chiefs, Head Coach and Assistant Coach of Team Canada) and the WHL Office, as part of the selection process for the 2013 World Junior Hockey Championships.
The Team WHL roster consists of 29 players – two goalies, nine defencemen and 18 forwards. Team WHL features the five defencemen selected in the Top 8 of the 2012 NHL Draft: Ryan Murray (EVT, 2nd overall – Columbus Blue Jackets); Griffin Reinhart (EDM, 4th overall – New York Islanders); Morgan Rielly (MJ, 5th overall – Toronto Maple Leafs); Mathew Dumba (RD, 7th overall – Minnesota Wild) and Derrick Pouliot (POR, 8th overall – Pittsburgh Penguins). Top Western Hockey League NHL prospects for the 2013 and 2014 NHL Entry Drafts will also be featured on Team WHL: Hunter Shinkaruk (MH, 2013); Curtis Lazar (EDM, 2013); Ryan Pulock (BDN, 2013); Eric Comrie (TC, 2013) and Sam Reinhart (2014, KTN). Everett Silvertips defenceman Ryan Murray is the sole returning player from Team Canada's 2012 Bronze medal team at the World Junior Championships.
Game tickets for Wednesday, November 14 in Vancouver can be purchased from the Vancouver Giants by calling 604-4-GIANTS (604-444-2687) or online at http://vancouvergiants.com/ . Game tickets for Thursday, November 15 in Victoria are available at the Select Your Tickets Box Office – (250) 220-7777 or http://www.selectyourtickets.com/sss.php
For more information please visit www.subwaysuperseries.ca.
Team WHL Roster – Vancouver, BC – November 14, 2012
# Forwards Ht Wt Year Team 14 *Brassart, Brady 6'1 192 1993 Calgary Hitmen 21 *Ewanyk, Travis 6'2 192 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 28 *Lazar, Curtis 6'0 198 1995 Edmonton Oil Kings 29 *Moroz, Mitch 6'2 208 1994 Edmonton Oil Kings 18 *St. Croix, Michael 6'0 179 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 15 Sissons, Colton 6'1 194 1993 Kelowna Rockets 23 Reinhart, Sam 6'0 182 1995 Kootenay Ice 19 Shinkaruk, Hunter 5'11 175 1994 Medicine Hat Tigers 9 McNeill, Mark 6'2 210 1993 Prince Albert Raiders 20 Ouellette, Trent 6'0 175 1993 Regina Pats 16 Holmberg, Mitch 5'10 175 1993 Spokane Chiefs 17 *Lowry, Adam 6'5 201 1993 Swift Current Broncos # Defencemen Ht Wt Year Team 2 Pulock, Ryan 6'1 211 1994 Brandon Wheat Kings 8 *Reinhart, Griffin 6'4 202 1994 Edmonton Oil Kings 27 Murray, Ryan 6'1 195 1993 Everett Silvertips 4 *Rielly, Morgan 6'0 205 1994 Moose Jaw Warriors 24 *Dumba, Matt 6'0 182 1994 Red Deer Rebels 5 Siemens, Duncan 6'4 209 1993 Saskatoon Blades # Goaltenders Ht Wt Year Team 31 *Broissoit, Laurent 6'3 200 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 1 *Comrie, Eric 6'1 170 1995 Tri-City Americans
TEAM WHL COACHING STAFF / TRAINERS
Head Coach Don Nachbaur Spokane Chiefs
Assistant Coach Derek Laxdal Edmonton Oil Kings
Assistant Coach Don Hay Vancouver Giants
Athletic Trainer Nick Murray Vancouver Giants
Equipment Manager Chad Scharff Vancouver Giants
Team WHL Roster – Victoria, BC – November 15, 2012
# Forwards Ht Wt Year Team 14 *Brassart, Brady 6'1 192 1993 Calgary Hitmen 21 *Ewanyk, Travis 6'2 192 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 28 *Lazar, Curtis 6'0 198 1995 Edmonton Oil Kings 29 *Moroz, Mitch 6'2 208 1994 Edmonton Oil Kings 18 *St. Croix, Michael 6'0 179 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 34 Lipon, JC 6'0 181 1993 Kamloops Blazers 9 Smith, Colin 5'11 175 1993 Kamloops Blazers 12 Fioretti, Sam 5'10 184 1993 Moose Jaw Warriors 7 Rattie, Ty 6'0 176 1993 Portland Winterhawks 22 Black, Graham 6'0 179 1993 Swift Current Broncos 17 *Lowry, Adam 6'5 201 1993 Swift Current Broncos 11 Hodges, Steven 6'0 175 1994 Victoria Royals # Defencemen Ht Wt Year Team 3 Lowe, Keegan 6'1 200 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 8 *Reinhart, Griffin 6'4 202 1994 Edmonton Oil Kings 4 *Rielly, Morgan 6'0 205 1994 Moose Jaw Warriors 51 Pouliot, Derrick 6'0 194 1994 Portland Winterhawks 26 Wotherspoon, Tyler 6'2 209 1993 Portland Winterhawks 24 *Dumba, Matt 6'0 182 1994 Red Deer Rebels # Goaltenders Ht Wt Year Team 31 *Broissoit, Laurent 6'3 200 1993 Edmonton Oil Kings 1 *Comrie, Eric 6'1 170 1995 Tri-City Americans
TEAM WHL COACHING STAFF / TRAINERS
Head Coach Don Nachbaur Spokane Chiefs
Assistant Coach Derek Laxdal Edmonton Oil Kings
Assistant Coach Dave Lowry Victoria Royals
Athletic Therapist Khore Elliott Victoria Royals
Equipment Manager Matt Auerbach Victoria Royals
*Players competing in both games
The 2012 SUBWAY® Super Series is supported by CHL associate sponsors, Bank of Montreal, Old Dutch, and Post.
All games will be broadcast nationally on Sportsnet with the two QMJHL games shown on TVA Sports.
The schedule for the 2012 SUBWAY® Super Series is as follows:
Game 1 – Monday November 5 at Blainville-Boisbriand, QC
Game 2 – Wednesday November 7 at Val-d'Or, QC
Game 3 – Thursday November 8 at Guelph, ON
Game 4 – Monday November 12 at Sarnia, ON
Game 5 – Wednesday November 14 at Vancouver, BC
Game 6 – Thursday November 15 at Victoria, BC
About SUBWAY® restaurants
SUBWAY® restaurants are the world's largest submarine sandwich franchise, with more than 35,400 restaurants in 98 countries and over 2,600 restaurants in Canada. In 2011, the SUBWAY® chain surpassed McDonald's in the number of restaurant locations worldwide. Headquartered in Milford, Conn., the SUBWAY® restaurant chain was cofounded by Fred DeLuca and Dr. Peter Buck in 1965. For more information about the SUBWAY® chain, visit www.subway.ca. SUBWAY® is a registered trademark of Doctor's Associates Inc.
For more information including how to purchase tickets please visit www.subwaysuperseries.ca.
Bill Gates' recently launched Breakthrough Energy Coalition may be interested in nuclear energy initiatives.
While analysts are predicting a brighter 2016 for uranium, the energy metal saw tight trading last week and ended unchanged at US$36 per pound of U3O8.
In its latest research note, Raymond James states that investors should expect muted interest with the holiday season approaching. However, it also points out that utilities with budget room could still be in the game.
Bill Gates alludes to nuclear energy?
The 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) started this week in Paris, and at it world leaders are looking at clean energy solutions in order to curb climate change.
The launch of the Breakthrough Energy Coalition, which aims to harness “the dollar power of the Earth's billionaires to accelerate the clean energy revolution,” was timed to the start of COP21, and leader Bill Gates wrote a blog post detailing their expectations for the initiative. They said, “[t]he renewable technologies we have today, like wind and solar, have made a lot of progress and could be one path to a zero-carbon energy future. But given the scale of the challenge, we need to be exploring many different paths — and that means we also need to invent new approaches.”
CleanTechnica points out that nuclear energy may be one approach Gates is interested in. Why? He's chairperson of Bellevue-based TerraPower, a 2006 startup that's working on developing new technology that uses depleted uranium as opposed to enriched uranium to produce safer and cleaner nuclear power. In October, TerraPower signed an agreement to advance its research with China National Nuclear.
Ontario nuclear gets a revamp
It's been a long time coming, but it appears that a multi-billion-dollar facelift is in store for Ontario's aging nuclear fleet. Nuclear power accounts for a significant portion of Ontario's electricity generation.
“We're moving ahead with significant steps right now to ensure that the refurbishment of Darlington and Bruce are done right. So that refurbishment is in the planning stages,” Ontario Permier Kathleen Wynne said on Wednesday.
Energy Minister Bob Chiarelli is expected to announce Thursday the refurbishment of “the massive Bruce nuclear plant's eight reactors.” Bruce Power will look to spend about $13 billion to undertake the refurbishment. Then, refurbishment plans for the four Darlington reactors operated by Ontario Power Generation (OPG) will be released next month. OPG's Pickering nuclear station will be retired in 2020.
The Star states that “[r]efurbishing up to 10 reactors could cost $25 billion and take 15 years.” Chiarelli has insisted that taxpayers will be protected from any cost overruns.
Company news
On Thursday, Fission Uranium (TSX:FCU,OTCQX:FCUUF) released a comment on Jim Gifford's decision to withdraw their nominees for consideration at the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders on December 15, 2015. The company is urging shareholders to vote their BLUE proxy for its director nominees.
Also this week, ALX Uranium (TSXV:AL) said drilling is underway at its Gibbons Creek property in the Northern Athabasca Basin. The company is planning roughly 1,200 to 1,500 meters of drilling over six to eight holes. The drill program at Gibbons Creek is a continuation of extensive exploration efforts put forth by the company over the last three years.
Looking below the equator, Plateau Uranium (TSX: PLU ) released results from its mine optimization and scheduling work. Mineable resources generated through the mine optimization will be used to update a PEA that is currently being completed.Ted O'Connor, CEO of Platinum Uranium, commented, “[w]e are excited to be nearing completion of the updated PEA for the Macusani Plateau uranium project using a considerably more conservative uranium price of $50/lb to optimize and schedule Mining Inventories on our larger and more robust Mineral Resource base.” They added, “[t]he base case PEA scenario financial model and higher grade options will highlight the strong project economics at this more realistic uranium price and will separate Plateau Uranium from other companies and pre-development projects that have been using $65-75/lb uranium prices to make their projects attractive.”
Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, and Patricia M. Ferrick, Special Agent in Charge of the New Haven Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, announced that MICHAEL RICHO, 34, of Wallingford, was arrested today on a criminal complaint charging them with access device fraud, computer fraud, wire fraud, identity theft and money laundering offenses in connection with a scheme to steal bitcoins in an online phishing scheme.
According to the criminal complaint, RICHO engaged in an online phishing scheme to steal bitcoins from individuals on the dark web. Bitcoins are a form of electronic currency and online marketplaces on the dark web typically accept them as a payment method.
The complaint alleges that RICHO posted fake links to online marketplaces on dark web forums. The links directed individuals to a fake login page that looked like the real login pages for the various online marketplaces. When individuals attempted to log in, RICHO stole their or their username and password. Once they had an individual's username and password, RICHO monitored the individual's bitcoin balance at the real marketplace. If the individual later deposited bitcoins with the real marketplace, RICHO withdrew the bitcoins before the individual could spend them and caused the stolen bitcoins to be deposited into their own bitcoin wallet. RICHO then sold the stolen bitcoins to others in exchange for U.S. currency, which was deposited into a bank account that RICHO controlled.
The complaint alleges that RICHO had over 10,000 stolen usernames and passwords saved on their computer.
RICHO appeared this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Sarah A. L. Merriam in New Haven and was released on a $100,000 bond.
Money laundering carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 20 years, wire fraud carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 20 years, access device fraud carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 10 years, computer fraud carries a maximum term of imprisonment of five years, and aggravated identity theft carries a mandatory term of imprisonment of two years.
U.S. Attorney Daly stressed that a complaint is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. Charges are only allegations, and a defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
This matter is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Neeraj N. Patel.
Syria has seen a significant drop in violence in the 24 hours since a cessation of hostilities came into effect, the UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura said on Tuesday.
Although there was some violence after sunset on Monday, by early morning the guns had fallen almost entirely silent, and UN aid trucks should be able to move very soon if the Syrian government issued authorisation letters, they said.
"Today calm appears to have prevailed across Hama, Latakia, Aleppo city and Rural Aleppo and Idlib, with only some allegations of sporadic and geographically isolated incidents," de Mistura said.
"Sources on the ground, which do matter, including inside Aleppo city, said the situation has dramatically improved with no air strikes."
Damascus and central Syria were also calm but there were some reports of clashes between government and opposition forces around Harasta and fighting in Quneitra between government forces and the Nusra Front, a group that is excluded from the ceasefire and which has renamed itself Jabhat Fateh al-Sham.
The most delicate parts of the agreement were to avoid the fighting snowballing and to disengage armed opposition groups that are observing the truce from those that are not, especially the powerful Jabhat Fateh al-Sham militant group.
De Mistura said that needed to be done within a week
"If the truce sticks, UN aid should go in very, very soon, and the people of Syria can look forward to "no bombs and more trucks", de Mistura said.
"But what is missing still is the famous authorisation letters from the government," they said.
"We have not yet received those authorisation letters but we are eagerly hoping and expecting the government to issue them very soon."
Getty Image
It's been a solid start to the season for the New Orleans Pelicans. The team is off to an 8-6 start to the campaign, and the duo of Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins have looked borderline unstoppable at times. There's still a long way to go, but the early returns on New Orleans have been positive.
Apparently, the locker room is doing a good job keeping things loose. We know this because Cousins posted a video to their Instagram account of the team engaging in full-blown Nerf gun warfare in their locker room.
The Pelicans are having a crazy nerf gun battle in the locker room. Look at Anthony Davis 😂 pic.twitter.com/XPVKdCM1g1 — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) November 14, 2017
The first thing that must be addressed is how much fun the team is having. It is intense, as all Nerf gun fights should be, with players hiding all over the place to avoid getting taken out with a tiny little foam dart. Despite this, everyone who is involved looks like they're having a great time.
Far more important is the gun that Davis appears to be using. This is the kind of thing that everyone dreams about having when they're young, but they don't get it because it costs way too much money, and no one's parents like picking up hundreds of Nerf darts. What I am getting at is that nine-year-old me is very jealous of what Davis is using.
“The Invasion” is an adventure of the sixth season of “Doctor Who” classic series which aired in 1968. It follows “The Mind Robber” and it's an eight parts adventure written by Derrick Sherwin and directed by Douglas Camfield.
The story
The Tardis rematerializes near the Moon but is attacked by a missile. The Second Doctor (Patrick Troughton) evades the missile and lands in England but the Tardis was damaged. The Doctor, along with Jamie (Frazer Hines) and Zoe (Wendy Padbury), goes in search of an old acquaintance, Professor Travers, for help in the repair of some circuits.
The Doctor discovers that Professor Travers left and it seems that there's no news of him. Investigating, they discover that something strange is happening at Electromatics International, the world's largest manufacturer of electronic devices. The Doctor and their companions aren't the only ones who are investigating, because they run into another old acquaintance, Alistair Gordon Lethbridge-Stewart (Nicholas Courtney), who after their last encounter was promoted to Brigadier General and became commander of UNIT (United Nations Intelligence Taskforce).
Extras
This DVD is rich in extras. There are typical contents such as production subtitles and a gallery of pictures from this adventure.
There are comments in the adventure alternative audio track by protagonists Frazer Hines and Wendy Padbury, actor Nicholas Courtney, production assistant Chris D'Oyly John, animator Steve Maher, animation editor James Goss and composer Mark Ayres.
Flash Frames. A look at the creation of the animated episodes.
Love Off-Air. A tribute to the fans who recorded the “Doctor Who” soundtracks in the '60s: their soundtracks have helped the restoration of this and other adventures.
Trailers. Two animated trailers for this adventure.
Character Design. A short documentary on the work of Steve Maher's animation work.
Evolution of the Invasion. A 50-minute documentary on the production of this adventure.
VHS Links. The narration by Nicholas Courtney, who described the two lost episodes in the 1993 VHS edition of this adventure.
The Cybermen had been a success since their first appearance and Kit Pedler, one of the creators of those cyborgs and the scientific consultant for “Doctor Who” production, was asked for a new idea for a story that would include them.
As always in those years, production was pretty chaotic with ideas that were considered, modified and sometimes rejected. In this case, ​​Kit Pedler's idea was taken into consideration but problems arose to find one that could be used to produce the following adventure. The consequence was that producer Peter Bryant decided to incorporate that idea into an adventure that had to be eight episodes long, at the time the longest in “Doctor Who” history after the epic “The Daleks' Master Plan”.
“The Invasion” is so long that actor Wendy Padbury doesn't appear in the third episode because they were on vacation while actor Frazer Hines appears only at the end of the eighth episode because they were on vacation and the footage they appear in was prerecorded.
Production effort was remarkable because “The Invasion” was filmed mostly on location. For this reason, shooting was longer than usual and in some cases it forced to make some changes to the script when it proved impossible to carry it out as originally planned.
Eventually, “The Invasion” was only partly an adventure with the Cybermen, which appear only in its central part and become the protagonists at the end. Even if the ending includes an iconic moment of “Doctor Who” with the Cybermen in London, the real villain of this adventure is Tobias Vaughn, owner of International Electromatics.
Thanks also to a great performance by actor Kevin Stoney, Tobias Vaughn is a villain with great depth, charismatic, cunning and manipulative. Vaughn is assisted by their ruthless security chief Packer, with whom they get angry when something doesn't go as they planned. Packer is the classic guy who behaves like a thug with almost everyone but is submissive when dealing with their boss.
Generally, in the Second Doctor adventure, comic moments are the prerogative of the Doctor but in this case there are times when Vaugn and Packer really look like a comedy duo.
“The Invasion” is also significant because it marks the debut of UNIT, the military organization which aims to protect the Earth from alien threats under the UN auspices. The adventure “The Web of Fear” represented the debut of Alistair Gordon Lethbridge-Stewart, then Colonel, here promoted to Brigadier in command of UNIT.
In “The Invasion” there's also the debut of Benton, with the rank of corporal, another recurring character, especially in the Third Doctor adventures. Over the years, various changes were made in “Doctor Who” production but this adventure is a kind of prologue to the UNIT stories that mark particularly the Third Doctor era.
The sum of all those elements creates an extraordinary adventure, complex, sophisticated with great performances by both the regular and the guest cast. Despite the limited budget, “The Invasion” looks also quite realistic for a production of '60s, thanks to the many location shots and the use of real images of military test missile launches.
In the its episodes the pace of this story is often slow, as it was the case in several adventures of the '60s, but in the second half of this adventure it becomes faster. Perhaps “The Invasion” is a couple of episodes too long but the production needs of those years meant that the adventures tended to be long.
The first and the fourth episode of “The Invasion” are among the lost ones. For the DVD edition an animated version was created, accompanied by the original soundtrack. The animation isn't the realistic type that can be seen in some recent movies because the budget didn't allow it but I think it's pretty good and allows you to appreciate the lost episodes.
“The Invasion” is considered with good reason a great “Doctor Who” classic and the DVD edition contains several interesting extras so I highly recommend buying it.
How often does a child get distracted?
Yumi Play Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 4, 2015
How often a child get distracted? Who knows! Better do the things you asked, if you want it finished right away.
Well, the real answer is , it depends on the situation. If activities are interesting, where it involves easy to perceived shapes, friendly color, relatable stories, music with repeatable patterns, provides good feedback and easy to do actions. They will be able to focus as long as new experiences are coming in.
But if activities will not feed kids' curiosity, either it is too complex or too unfamiliar and lack or low relatable factor, more likely than not, a child would just ignore it.
When we want kids to be interested in activities like learning and education, put more color, continuous feedback and fun factor into it. Play fun music, use familiar objects that they can relate and make sure the complexity is just enough on their level of thinking.
Visit and Share YumiPlay on Facebook .
And get a chance to download ABC Stories on your iPhone and iPad soon.
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United are looking to prepare for life in the Championship with a pre-season tour to Ireland - just like they did last time they were relegated.
Though plans are yet to be finalised, The Chronicle understands that Rafa Benitez does not want a long-haul trip to impact on their pre-season schedule - and so has opted for the short hop across the Irish Sea to the Emerald Isle as their preferred destination of choice.
The pre-season schedule is unlikely to be finalised until Benitez's future is resolved - with the indications suggesting that a positive conclusion could be reached on that by the middle of next week.
However, Ireland is understood to be where the Spaniard wants to take their Magpies side as they prepare to achieve promotion back to the Premier League at the first time of asking.
Dublin-based League of Ireland Premier Division side Shamrock Rovers, a club United faced back in pre-season in 2009, are believed to be one of the opponents Newcastle could potentially take on.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Further games could yet be scheduled elsewhere on the Continent, or even north of the border in Scotland, though Newcastle will not be heading as far afield as the USA like they did last summer - something which previous manager Steve McClaren was not happy with.
As things stand, the traditional annual pre-season fixture with near-neighbours Gateshead at The International Stadium appears to be in serious jeopardy, however.
United began their pre-season campaign with a 1-0 win just across the Tyne on July 10 last summer, but the dates which the Heed have proposed to host the match look set to clash with the Magpies' expected trip to Ireland.
The prospect of the Magpies facing Gateshead is not completely dead in the water yet, though it is proving extremely tricky to accommodate - though an Under-21 side could yet take on the Heed as a potential back-up plan.
Seeing as the Championship campaign begins on the weekend of Saturday, August 6, Newcastle will likely play their first friendly in Ireland around four weeks before that, possibly during the second week in July.
Players who have not been involved in Euro 2016 this summer are expected to report back for training towards the end of June.
Asked about pre-season before Newcastle's final-day hammering of Tottenham Hotspur, Benitez admitted plans were already in place, regardless of whether they remained at the helm - and it is now understood Ireland is the likely destination for a tour.
They explained: “What we have done as professionals, is even prepare the pre-season.
“So the dates, the idea, the number of games, where we will go, where we would like to go, but not for us, just for the team and for the club.
“We have to do it and you have to prepare things as if you would be here for 20 years and we have done that.
“In terms of what we needed to do, it is done.”
Back in 2009, United prepared for life in the Championship by first beating Shamrock Rovers 3-0 at the Tallaght Stadium in Dublin - and they never once left Britain or Ireland during their pre-season campaign that summer, something which could yet be the case this time around.
They then travelled to Darlington and Huddersfield Town, before the infamous 6-1 defeat at Leyton Orient which led to harsh truths being shared in the dressing room.
Newcastle's only friendly at St James' Park that summer was a 0-0 draw with Leeds United, while the final match saw the Magpies head up to Scotland to take on Dundee United.
Newcastle's pre-season schedule back in 2009:
Shamrock Rovers 0-3 Newcastle United - July 11, 2009
Darlington 2-7 Newcastle United - July 18, 2009
Huddersfield Town 0-1 Newcastle United - July 21, 2009
Leyton Orient 6-1 Newcastle United - July 25, 2009
Newcastle United 0-0 Leeds United - July 29, 2009
Dundee United 1-1 Newcastle United - August 2, 2009
A MAN has avoided jail after punching their ex-partner repeatedly in the head when they flew into a rage because they had not prepared their evening meal on time.
Magistrates determined Marc McCarthy's assault on Samantha Goodman, who was five months pregnant with their child at the time, was “just below” the custody threshold.
They were given a two-year community order and told to attend a relationships counselling programme, following a sentencing hearing on Thursday, August 24.
The former chimney sweep had pleaded guilty to one charge of assault.
At the sentencing, Reading Magistrates Court heard how the 33-year-old had returned to the couple's home in Theale one evening in January.
The court heard they had had a “long day” and had just seen their team, Reading FC, lose.
They had also had an argument with their local pub landlord.
Prosecuting for the crown, Claire Barclay told the court that Mr McCarthy, now living in Calcot, had then reacted violently when they discovered Ms Goodman did not have their dinner ready for them when they arrived home.
Ms Barclay told the court they grabbed a bottle of water Ms Goodman had been holding and poured it over their head before launching a physical attack.
In a statement read out to the court, Ms Goodman said: “He punched me four times in the head. They used some force to punch me. I had a headache for days afterwards.
“I was scared of him. They were both verbally and physically unpredictable.”
Ms Goodman's six-year-old daughter from a previous relationship was also at the property, but did not witness the attack.
The court heard how their four-year relationship had since ended and there was no chance of a reconciliation between the pair.
Defending, Catherine Brymer explained: “It's not a chauvinistic household - they will also make dinner.
“On this occasion the agreement was that dinner would be ready when they got home.
“This was just an incident that came out at the end of a long day.
“He was pushed to react, usually they wouldn't react. They realise they reacted completely wrong and was stupid because they were heavily pregnant with their child.”
Magistrates were told Mr McCarthy, who works surfacing roads, had no previous violent convictions and were also presented with a character reference from their supervisor.
After a 15-minute deliberation, magistrates delivered their verdict.
“The discussion was, does this pass the custody threshold?” Mr McCarthy was told.
“After much discussion, we decided it is just below that.
“We are issuing a 24-month community order during which you will obey to the letter what probation say.
“If you break the order or breach the order you will be sent straight back to court.”
Magistrates also rejected an application for a restraining order, saying there was “just enough” reason to think it is not necessary.
Mr McCarthy was also ordered to pay costs of £85 and a victim surcharge of £85.
I was having this conversation with some friends the other day about how smart a toddler can be, while also being dumber than a bag of birds. Momo seems to grasp things intuitively, as all toddlers do. I mean, no one ever tells a toddler that the sounds coming out of our mouths mean things; they just independently invent the whole field of linguistics themselves. They are so smart, and often in ways that we've forgotten how to be smart: by trusting their experiences and constantly shifting their worldview to compensate.
I don't give much truck to any argument that hinges on something being wrong because of that old refrain, “how am I supposed to explain that to my children??” I mean… the same way you explain other concepts to them… or, not at all, and they'll figure it out. It's when we get all our adult baggage into the conversation that it obfuscates the truth that they understand intuitively.
And then, of course… there are the times they're dumber than a bag of birds.
The trials and tribulations of Lara Croft continue! Dark Horse and Crystal Dynamics are excited to announce the next installment in the Tomb Raider comic universe. Tomb Raider: Survivor's Crusade boasts a whole new creative team with Jackson Lanzing and Collin Kelly (Joyride, Hacktivist) composing Lara's new adventure, while Ashley A. Woods (Ladycastle, Niobe) brings Lara Croft to life, and colorist legend Michael Atiyeh (Conan the Slayer, Predator vs. Judge Dredd vs. Aliens) makes the art pop! Hannah Fisher (Cosmoknights) has created the gorgeous cover for the first issue.
In Tomb Raider: Survivor's Crusade, Lara Croft has unfinished business. After facing Trinity in Siberia, she's driven to unravel the mystery behind their father's death. After pushing their training to the limit and following clues that lead to more questions than answers, Lara is prepared to put everything on the line to uncover the truth.
Dark Horse is also currently publishing a line of deluxe oversized hardcover collections of Top Cow's original Tomb Raider comics. Visit DarkHorse.com for more information on Tomb Raider Archives Volume 1 and Tomb Raider Archives Volume 2.
Tomb Raider: Survivor's Crusade's first issue (of four) goes on sale November 22, 2017.
It has already been one of the most remarkable rags to riches and then back to rags - with a bankruptcy on top - stories ever, and it is getting more bizarre by the day.
Boris Becker/ Reuters
Three months ago, we reported that while Boris Becker was a legend on the tennis court, when it comes to investing, they appear to have shared an advisor with Johnny Depp.
Becker shot to fame when they won Wimbledon aged just 17 and went on to win a total of six Grand Slam titles, including a further two Wimbledon titles, two Australian Opens, and a US Open crown, before retiring in 1999 aged just 31 and moving into business. Alas, here the fairy tale ends, and according to claims in the German media, Boris Becker may have lost a substantial portion of their roughly €50 million fortune in part because of questionable investments in the Nigerian oil industry.
Yes, Becker fell pray to the infamous Nigerian scam.
Spiegel claimed that it has seen details of a single investment of “more than $10m” in Nigerian oil prepared for Becker by Forbes & Manhattan, a Canadian investment bank and a former associate of the tennis player. Furthermore, the world's former top tennis player had extensive links outside the world of tennis that ranged from African leaders to Laxmi Mittal, the Indian steel billionaire, to John Mahama, the former president of Ghana, and was seen as some one who could facilitate business deals.
Whatever the details of Becker's business dealings, they proved to be a total disaster, and in June, the former tennis idol was declared bankrupt in a London court after a private London bank claimed it was owed almost £10 million. During the bankruptcy proceedings, John Briggs, Becker's lawyer, told the court: “He is not a sophisticated individual when it comes to finances.”
Hello ????, standing on my fav court in the world...@Wimbledon pic.twitter.com/bCQ2PhK3dn — Boris Becker (@TheBorisBecker) October 1, 2017
Now, thanks to The Times we learn that Becker was forced to borrow £2 million from a British telecoms tycoon after they were warned that they could be jailed because of mounting debts totalling £50 million. As a result, Becker is forced to sell their Wimbledon trophies and has been ordered not to remove them and other memorabilia from their £7 million home in London as they could be seized for auction.
Becker was forced to go cap in hand to John Caudwell, the billionaire co-founder of Phones 4U. The pair had been introduced by a financial adviser who contacted Mr Caudwell, 64, about three years ago saying that Becker needed a loan. It was agreed with an interest rate apparently of 25 per cent. The pair became friends after being introduced by the business person's former financial adviser, Nathalie Dauriac-Stoebe. In about 2014 Ms Dauriac-Stoebe allegedly contacted Mr Caudwell, whose daughter, Rhiannon, worked as a PA in Becker's London office, saying the former Wimbledon champion needed an urgent loan. “Nathalie said if you don't give them a loan then there is a strong chance they [Becker] could go to jail in Spain,” a spokesperson for Mr Caudwell said. The business person agreed to lend Becker £2 million with an interest rate suitable for a “high risk, short-term loan”. Mr Caudwell's spokesperson said the loan was repaid, although later than agreed. It helped keep the scale of Becker's troubles confidential but in June the pretence was over when the Bankruptcy and Companies Court in London declared them bankrupt after a 30-minute hearing. Registrar Christine Derrett said there was “no credible evidence” that Becker would raise the money to settle their “substantial” debt and they gave the “impression of a man rather burying their head in the sand”.
It has been an amazing fall from grace for Becker, 49, once one of the richest sportsmen in the world, with an estimated fortune of €50 million. According to the Times, Becker is left with assets of only €540,000 (£481,483), based on reports in the German press. The money they earned on the court was spent on a divorce, an extravagant lifestyle, failed business projects and settling unpaid tax bills. They now works as a commentator for the BBC and other media.
Details of Becker's financial predicament are included in a report by the accountants appointed to administer their affairs after they were declared bankrupt, when they failed to repay a loan to the London private bankers Arbuthnot Latham & Co. Their debts were said to include €38.4 million owed to Hans-Dieter Cleven, a Swiss business person and their long-term business adviser.
Smith & Williamson, the accountants, are said to have concluded it is “probable” that other creditors will emerge. Becker's lawyer, Christian-Oliver Moser, said that the alleged debt of £54.1 million was “vehemently denied” with the true figure being “significantly lower”.
The German tennis champion knew where to turn when they feared that their financial incompetence was once again leading to the threat of jail. Mr Caudwell agreed to the huge loan which enabled Becker to juggle the demands of banks, an ex-wife and lover and business partners while maintaining their jet-set lifestyle.
Alas, the balls came crashing down with their bankruptcy in the summer and the scale of their problems was laid bare yesterday with reports in Germany that they owe more than £54.4 million. The £10.5 million owed to private bankers Arbuthnot Latham, who secured their bankruptcy, was described as the “tip of the iceberg”.
Meanwhile, when netting out their debt, Becker's net worth is barely in the green. According to their bankruptcy administrators, Smith & Williamson, and valuations of their assets by experts from Wyles Hardy & Co which show the level of their debts, Becker's assets are just €540,000, reported German magazine Stern. At the time of their bankruptcy Becker reportedly had £5,000 in their own bank account with another £35,000 in a joint account, presumably with their wife, Lilly.
This does not include the Becker family home in Wimbledon, south London; an apartment in the capital occupied by Angela Ermakova, the mother of their daughter, Anna, who was conceived in an infamous one-night stand at Nobu; and the house were their mother lives in Leimen, Germany.
Prior to being declared bankrupt, Becker had asked for the case to be adjourned for 28 days to raise a £6 million mortgage on a villa they owned in Majorca, although it has emerged that they allegedly owe €5.4 million to their company, which owns the property.
Becker, pictured with their first wife Barbara, owns a villa in Majorca
which they hope to sell for £6 million
Becker's lawyer, Christian-Oliver Moser, told Bild newspaper that the accountants' report was “preliminary” based on claims by creditors which would not “withstand greater legal scrutiny”. They replied “no” when asked if Becker was worried about the threat of having to sell their Wimbledon trophies. The first of those was won in 1985 when Becker became the youngest gentleman's singles winner at the age of 17 and 227 days.
They had no idea that they had just won £130,000 and the financial naivety they demonstrated following that first win has persisted. Within a decade their career was on the wane and they were in trouble with the German tax authorities. In 1999 came an incident which was to scar both their reputation and their bank balance after they crashed out of Wimbledon in the fourth round.
The slide continued: while their wife, Barbara, was in hospital expecting their second child, Becker was seducing Angela Ermakova at the Nobu restaurant in London. DNA confirmed that they were the father of Ms Ermakova's daughter and the subsequent divorce and child maintenance cost them almost £20 million. In 2002 Becker avoided jail in Germany for tax evasion after repaying €3 million.
Now, in a last ditch step, Becker is reportedly set to sell their Grand Slam trophies and a large chunk of their property catalogue. The German is hoping to raise money through selling their various tennis trophies that made them a household name, along with luxury watches. Their championship cups are expected to raise $1 million alone. According to the Sun, the 49-year-old has reluctantly agreed to sell off their trophies having accepted “the time for sentimentality has passed,” according to the Sun, which also reported that Becker's Swiss ex-business partner has gone to court demanding $40 million.
During their playing days, Becker began to develop a real estate portfolio; after ending their tennis career, Becker moved into business, including opening three Mercedes car dealerships and becoming a brand ambassador (not for very long). Alas, some seeds of the upcoming financial disaster emerged early on, most notably when they lent their name to ‘Boris Becker Tower', a 23-story residential and commercial tower located in Business Bay, Dubai, which was a financial disaster.
Becker, who resides in Switzerland some of the year, divorced their first wife Barbara Feltus in 2001: they received a $19 million settlement and a condominium on Fisher Island in Florida, as well as custody of their two children. Becker now lives with their second wife, Dutch model Lilly, in Wimbledon, the same district of London that was the stage of their first great tennis achievement.
The former champion on Friday posted a quote to their Twitter account that read, “Don't waste moments thinking about the past, the best is yet to come.”
For Becker, that may no longer be the case.
Bureau to investigate claims News of the World journalists sought to hack into phones of victims of 9/11, reports say
The FBI has opened an investigation into allegations that News of the World journalists tried to hack into the phones of victims of the 9/11 attacks in New York.
The launch of the FBI inquiry amounts to the first official inquiry within the US into News Corporation activities. The move brings the scandal within Rupert Murdoch's British newspaper division closer to their American home and to News Corporation's headquarters in Manhattan.
The announcement of an FBI inquiry followed a mounting chorus from politicians and relatives of 9/11 victims calling for a review of the allegations. Peter King, the Republican chairperson of the homeland security committee in the House of Representatives, on Wednesday wrote to the director of the FBI, Robert Mueller, and asked them to open an investigation into the 9/11 allegations.
In their letter, King said they represented a district of New York that lost more than 150 constituents in the terror attacks. "If these allegations are proven true, the conduct would merit felony charges, and any person found guilty should receive the harshest sanctions available under law."
The claim that Murdoch journalists attempted to get hold of victims' phone details was made by the Mirror newspaper, which based the story on an unnamed former New York police officer working as a private detective, who was said to have been approached by News of the World reporters asking them to retrieve the private phone records of the dead.
The detective was reported to have declined to take up the commission.
It is unclear at this early stage in the investigation whether there is any substance to the Mirror's allegations. But relatives of 9/11 victims expressed delight and relief that the FBI had stepped in to clear up the issue.
Sally Regenhard, whose firefighter son Christian died in the World Trade Centre, said: "I'm very happy. The FBI is being very responsive in acting on our call for a full investigation."
Jim McCaffrey, a New York firefighter who lost their brother-in-law Orio Palmer, also a firefighter, on 9/11, also welcomed the FBI inquiry. "If these claims are found to be true, I think it's a terrible revelation and very, very upsetting to 9/11 family members," they said.
Even if the information contained in the Mirror article could be verified, there might be a problem with moving forward with an investigation because the events were so long ago. Several legal experts, including a former top lawyer for the FBI, said that prosecution under federal wiretapping laws is subject to a five-year statute of limitations.
While the FBI inquiry gets under way, News Corporation also faces the prospect of possible prosecution under other US laws. Several Congress members have called for the company to be held accountable under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, a federal law that punishes firms based in the US that engage in bribery abroad.
It has emerged that News of the World staff paid police officers in the UK in the course of their phone-hacking activities.
The ex-lover of TV's Bill Nye, the Science Guy, apologized in legal documents for poisoning their rose garden with weed killer.
Blair Tindall, a musician and author, also seeks to have a restraining order against them lifted, according to the documents filed Nov. 14 and posted by The Smoking Gun.
“I am terribly sorry for what I did,” Tindall said, adding they had recovered from what they called the heartbreak caused by Nye and sought counseling. “I have never done anything like it, and never will again.”
In the documents, Tindall, 47, stated they believed Nye had tricked them into a “false marriage” after they met in Sept. 2005.
Emotional Cruelty Claim
Them attack on Nye's garden was “a result of the emotional cruelty that they inflicted upon me … I had a temporary lapse of judgment and damaged their flowers only.”
Although they married in L.A. in Feb. 2006, their marriage license was soon returned as invalid (a reason was not stated).
Nye, 52, then allegedly ordered Tindall not to move into a $1 million Studio City, Calif. home they were purchasing together.
Tindall says they became enraged after seeing Nye on a TV show on Sept. 3 in which they apparently stated that their life would be perfect “if only they had a woman with whom to share the house.”
That night, Tindall entered their yard and dumped the contents of one bottle of weed killer on their roses so that Nye “couldn't give another woman the flowers that I had cared for,” they wrote in court papers.
They explained that she'd been emotionally distressed over their breakup, a recent car accident, and the death of their father.
Tindall says she'd also found a piece of paper written by Nye which said that Tindall “wasn't beautiful enough, athletic enough, or a good enough dancer. Now they have fallen for me (as they always do).”
Tindall also pointed out that Nye misspelled their name (with one “L”) in their restraining order request, and got several other basic details about their wrong, including their eye color and birth year.
A hearing in the matter is set for Dec. 20.
Lawyers for both sides had no comment.
Skip to comments.
MESSAGE TO DEMONRATS(politicians, members, media, entertainers)
bushfamfan | 11/04/08 | bushfamfan
Posted on by bushfamfan
There will undoubtedly be Demonrats and their criminal cohorts checking in here and reveling in Republicans/conservatives upset about this 'election'. I would like to tell them exactly what this 'election' means and what THEY can expect.
TOPICS:
Crime/Corruption
Government
News/Current Events
Your Opinion/Questions
KEYWORDS:
antichrist
demonrats
election
obama
It has come to this. A strong, inspiring, sacrificing, free nation that made its way as the beacon of the world has come crashing down from within. And it will come down under Demonrats; people(99%) who have never done anything but find fault with and want to change its path one to a socialist state and undermine its elections through deliberate fraud and any means to gain their power and the party who presents weakness to our enemies. Your indoctrinations have gone well with education, media, entertainment feeding nonstop on Republicans/conservatives and how the Demonrats are for the 'poor, middle class' and evil Republicans are warmongers and for the 'rich' and on and on. Well, your stereotype is about to be shattered. MEDIA, OPRAH, HOLLYWEIRD, ENTERTAINMENT, THE IDIOTS WHO VOTED FOR 'CHANGE' CAN OWN OBAMA AND THE DEMONRAT CONGRESS. It is now a one-party, corrupt country. It is the Union of Socialists of America. And you will succeed in mock 'elections' unchecked and will add criminals, those favorable to you in the voter rolls, but the facts of life under your utopia will build righteous hate at how this is not what you said you were about and you will finally get your karma for your treatment of Reagan, Bush 41& OF COURSE 43, Palin, etc. I am such a history buff and just walked the battlefields of Gettysburg two months ago and it now kills me to know that I am witnessing the death of America. It will go down, but I will continue to voice my opinion and ready to protest or do what may to point to the crooks who need to be reminded they will not have everyone submit to their lies and injustice. Within one yr. people are going to miss Bush. But we will not recover from this and their 'mistake' will not be righted. So, Congrats Demonrats for taking America down as you will. It's all on you and we are about to be a case study like the Roman Empire.
To: bushfamfan
All I can say is: Democrats, If you ban guns, we will ban you from life.
To: bushfamfan
Like I say, Obama had their list of entertainers-Oprah, Springsteen, Speilberg and let us not forget the press has been nonstop for Obama.  They are theirs. Our fate is tied to their criminal behavior and telling people how great Demonrats and Obama are. The lie will end this time, but it will be too late. There are going to be a lot of people who will not be too pleased at the lies they were fed by these people.
by 3 posted onby bushfamfan (United States of America: July 4, 1776-November 4, 2008)
To: bushfamfan
The marxist bastards are riding the tiger now. Lets see how long they can keep on it's back and out of it's stomach...
by 4 posted onby Dr.Zoidberg ("Shut the hell up, New York Times, you sanctimonious whining jerks!" - Craig Ferguson)
To: Dr.Zoidberg
Not for long because their usefulness is over. They will join the rank and file.
by 5 posted onby freekitty (Give me back my conservative vote.)
To: bushfamfan
I've got something to say to the Commie whores too! I'm not leaving. I'm not “moving to Canada” or “moving to Italy.” I'm going to stay right here and fight for my country and my Constitution! It's something I've done all of my life. Deal with its piggies! You thought this country has been divided for the last 8 years. You ain't seen divided.
by 6 posted onby FlingWingFlyer (I'm voting for McCain/Palin so I can look my grandchildren in the eyes when I tell them I'm sorry.)
To: bushfamfan
Senator Joe McCarthy is rolling in their grave.
by 7 posted onby longfellow (Bill Maher, the 21st hijacker.)
To: struggle
My wife said tonight “ I cant believe we elected a Black man”. I said “ I don't give a crap about their race, I care that they are going to take away our freedoms.” I will fight with every breath I have to avert any infringment on my rights. Even if I have to die I am an american before I am white.
To: freekitty
And I'll say it couldn't happen to a more deserving bunch.
by 9 posted onby Dr.Zoidberg ("Shut the hell up, New York Times, you sanctimonious whining jerks!" - Craig Ferguson)
To: bushfamfan
great summation bushfamfan, the best post of the month. I agree, the last 40 years or so of the liberal indoctrination centers, AKA as the public school system, has paid off for the socialists and this muslim racist POS hussein will never be my president. my thoughts and prayers will continue to go to our brave military men and women, never to this marxist America hater.
To: bushfamfan
We need 2 bumper stickers: Impeach the Communist I want my free stuff...NOW!
To: Dr.Zoidberg
no they aren't The media will cover their butts and blame “reactionary elements” aka us... for any misstep We are below 1992 levels after all of the efforts and work many of us did. Fairness doctrine will put us further behind taking away the most effective communication outlet in talk radio. It is as if nothing has been accomplished over the past 20 years. Only thing left is to buy Sirius at bargain basement prices
by 12 posted onby slapshot (""USAF- when you absolutely, positively need it delivered on target, on time, right away)
To: struggle
People think it's crazy to think that, but those who are well informed know that's exactly what they've stood for and what they will aim for. This is going to be a disaster on so many levels and injustice will rein in this radical hellhole. And mock ‘elections' will keep them in power along with select added voters who want criminal rights or to take what they can get illegally entered ‘immigrants' with loyalties elsewhere. This is pure hell on earth and everyone suffers here. It should be evident that Demonrats are atheists because they are so unconscionable about having to answer for what they do.
by 13 posted onby bushfamfan (United States of America: July 4, 1776-November 4, 2008)
To: FlingWingFlyer
How are like minded people going to communicate when sites like this are shut down and censured under the new Hitler. Do you think they will let places like this exist? A place that would dare criticize him?
To: FlingWingFlyer
Amen
To: FlingWingFlyer
We can actually learn from Demonrats how to protest, organize, indoctrinate, etc. I am ready to take to the streets and document the actions of this government.
by 16 posted onby bushfamfan (United States of America: July 4, 1776-November 4, 2008)
To: Dr.Zoidberg
I agree completely. The demon they unleashed tonight will turn on them after they first comes after us. They will rue the day they abdicated their responsibility as the objective journalists who let us decide. They were in the tank for them from day one. Now, they will get to explain their radical agenda to a disbelieving public as they ponder the serious mistake they have made. This will be worse than the Carter years and I doubt we will survive them. God help us.
To: longfellow
It does seem McCarthy was on to something now, doesn't it? They have done their job through entertainment, media, education with indoctrination. There are so much now rolling in their graves. What has the sacrifice come to when it is taken down from within and will suffer irreparably from without from the treason of those from within?
by 18 posted onby bushfamfan (United States of America: July 4, 1776-November 4, 2008)
To: rtbwood
Our response? Quite simple, really: RESISTANCE!
by 19 posted onby fabjr60 (I do not need your approval to honor my ancestors; Deo Vindice)
To: bushfamfan
Our fate is tied to their criminal behavior Posting to this site will be criminal behavior inside of a year. See tagline.
by 20 posted onby j_tull (Jerimiah Wright's prayer has been answered. God has damned America.)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
The Tunguska Event
+ Play Audio | + Download Audio | + Join mailing list
June 30, 2008: The year is 1908, and it's just after seven in the morning. A man is sitting on the front porch of a trading post at Vanavara in Siberia. Little do they know, in a few moments, they will be hurled from their chair and the heat will be so intense they will feel as though their shirt is on fire.
That's how the Tunguska event felt 40 miles from ground zero.
Today, June 30, 2008, is the 100th anniversary of that ferocious impact near the Podkamennaya Tunguska River in remote Siberia--and after 100 years, scientists are still talking about it.
"If you want to start a conversation with anyone in the asteroid business all you have to say is Tunguska," says Don Yeomans, manager of the Near-Earth Object Office at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. "It is the only entry of a large meteoroid we have in the modern era with first-hand accounts."
Above: Trees felled by the Tunguska explosion. Credit: the Leonid Kulik Expedition. [more]
While the impact occurred in '08, the first scientific expedition to the area would have to wait for 19 years. In 1921, Leonid Kulik, the chief curator for the meteorite collection of the St. Petersburg museum led an expedition to Tunguska. But the harsh conditions of the Siberian outback thwarted their team's attempt to reach the area of the blast. In 1927, a new expedition, again lead by Kulik, reached its goal.
"At first, the locals were reluctant to tell Kulik about the event," said Yeomans. "They believed the blast was a visitation by the god Ogdy, who had cursed the area by smashing trees and killing animals."
While testimonials may have at first been difficult to obtain, there was plenty of evidence lying around. Eight hundred square miles of remote forest had been ripped asunder. Eighty million trees were on their sides, lying in a radial pattern.
Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery
"Those trees acted as markers, pointing directly away from the blast's epicenter," said Yeomans. "Later, when the team arrived at ground zero, they found the trees there standing upright – but their limbs and bark had been stripped away. They looked like a forest of telephone poles."
Such debranching requires fast moving shock waves that break off a tree's branches before the branches can transfer the impact momentum to the tree's stem. Thirty seven years after the Tunguska blast, branchless trees would be found at the site of another massive explosion – Hiroshima, Japan.
Kulik's expeditions (he traveled to Tunguska on three separate occasions) did finally get some of the locals to talk. One was the man based at the Vanara trading post who witnessed the heat blast as they were launched from their chair. Their account:
Suddenly in the north sky… the sky was split in two, and high above the forest the whole northern part of the sky appeared covered with fire… At that moment there was a bang in the sky and a mighty crash… The crash was followed by a noise like stones falling from the sky, or of guns firing. The earth trembled.
The massive explosion packed a wallop. The resulting seismic shockwave registered with sensitive barometers as far away as England. Dense clouds formed over the region at high altitudes which reflected sunlight from beyond the horizon. Night skies glowed, and reports came in that people who lived as far away as Asia could read newspapers outdoors as late as midnight. Locally, hundreds of reindeer, the livelihood of local herders, were killed, but there was no direct evidence that any person perished in the blast.
Above: The location of the Tunguska impact.
"A century later some still debate the cause and come up with different scenarios that could have caused the explosion," said Yeomans. "But the generally agreed upon theory is that on the morning of June 30, 1908, a large space rock, about 120 feet across, entered the atmosphere of Siberia and then detonated in the sky."
It is estimated the asteroid entered Earth's atmosphere traveling at a speed of about 33,500 miles per hour. During its quick plunge, the 220-million-pound space rock heated the air surrounding it to 44,500 degrees Fahrenheit. At 7:17 a.m. (local Siberia time), at a height of about 28,000 feet, the combination of pressure and heat caused the asteroid to fragment and annihilate itself, producing a fireball and releasing energy equivalent to about 185 Hiroshima bombs.
"That is why there is no impact crater," said Yeomans. "The great majority of the asteroid is consumed in the explosion."
Yeomans and their colleagues at JPL's Near-Earth Object Office are tasked with plotting the orbits of present-day comets and asteroids that cross Earth's path, and could be potentially hazardous to our planet. Yeomans estimates that, on average, a Tunguska-sized asteroid will enter Earth's atmosphere once every 300 years.
"From a scientific point of view, I think about Tunguska all the time," they admit. Putting it all in perspective, however, "the thought of another Tunguska does not keep me up at night."
Editor: Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit: Science@NASA
As you hopefully are aware by now, Code Club together with Tom E Morrison has released an album containing new music for Wurm Online. The album is titled “Wurm Online: Meditation and Work” and can be found on Spotify, Amazon.com and iTunes.
For those interested, I thought I'd explain a bit how this album came about.
I've always loved concept albums and the idea of using modern music to tell a story or convey a theme over several songs. My personal favorite would be “The Wall” by Pink Floyd among other artists such as Yes, David Bowie, Alan Parsons Project, and Marillion.
Several years ago I got the idea that we should do a concept album for Wurm. After all, Wurm is a setting where a lot of stories happen to people all the time. If we could put some of those stories together and use it as in-game music people would be able to relate to it outside of the game as well.
The album had to be of perfect quality when it comes to moods and sounds. Every song had to have something catchy and would be listened to hundreds or thousands of times by each player over the years.
In Wurm, we don't play music constantly. Instead we play a song every now and then often based on the setting or a special event such as when you form a village. If you ever played the Lara Croft Tomb Raider game, the rare music scores really enhanced special situations and that's what I was aiming for as well.
We could have gone in the direction of adding constant background music changing based on the situation. This would have its downsides and risks as well but would probably work out very well.
If we went for the Lara Croft way though, the idea of a concept album fits right in.
Two years ago me and my family was heading to Normandy and was stopping by our team member Egal who lives outside Amsterdam. We purchased a few compilation records to listen to in the car named “Simply Brazil” and “Simply Meditation” which accompanied us through the rest of the trip.
As we listened the music grew on us, and a year later than we still were listening to some songs on Simply Meditation I realized that we could ask one of the artists on the record to help out with the music. When we looked the names up on the disk cover it turned out that in fine print they were synonyms of the same artist, namely Tom E Morrison. The songs also often contained the voice of their wife, Rachel, and they were listed as composer together with Tom on them.
I'll list some spotify links here to some of those songs:
Governing Body – Crystal Clear
Brahma Singh – Resting Place
Long Shadows – Road To Heaven
I find the songs to be very well composed, mysterious, interesting, superbly performed and produced and durable.
We had never heard about Tom E Morrison but checked up on them and it turned out he's a well connected and reknowned composer in England.
I contacted Tom and to my great happiness they could be convinced to do music for us. Since neither me nor Tom were experienced in commissioning game music, we discussed how to go about it. In the end we struck a deal which included availability on Spotify so that people can listen for free, as well as the right for our users to use it in Wurm videos, for instance on YouTube. That's right! - you're allowed to use the songs in your own Wurm videos and we encourage it. Please do include “Music by Tom E Morrison” somewhere to give proper credits.
So here we are with the first concept album in a series of three. Tom asked me for song names so those are my doing. It was pretty cool to give names to the songs of my dream concept album. Tom did a fantastic job interpreting the theme “Work and Meditation” and created some really coherent, beautiful and addictive songs.
During post-production of a music record, when all music and singing is recorded, comes the mixing and mastering phase. To my great surprise and joy, Tom had contacted Andy Jackson who is famous for being Pink Floyds sound engineer to do the final mix. Jackson is a two-time nominee for the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album for A Momentary Lapse of Reason and The Division Bell - albums I've listened to a lot and enjoyed immensely.
We have two more upcoming album releases - Wurm Online: "Travel and Exploration" and later the final album in the trilogy “Battle and Danger”.
Together they'll create a concept album experience like no other!
Rolf
Paris, June 14th – On June 21st, the “International Trade” (INTA) committee of the EU Parliament will vote on whether to adopt its report on ACTA, which will mark the last procedural step before the Parliament's final vote. Despite the fact that four committees recently voted against ACTA, heavy pressure from the pro-ACTA lobbies and the EU Commission might weigh on the INTA report. Citizens must mobilize to ensure that INTA Members recommend ACTA's rejection, as this result will be decisive for the upcoming final vote of the EU Parliament, scheduled for the beginning of July (vote in plenary 3, 4 or 5th of July ).
Four committees recently adopted opinion reports on ACTA, recommending the main committee, INTA, to call on the whole Parliament to reject ACTA. INTA, in turn, is due to vote on its report during a meeting next week, on June 21st. The outcome of the vote on the final INTA report is the last crucial step before the final vote by the whole Parliament, scheduled for early July.
Currently, the draft report by David Martin (UK, S&D) recommends ACTA's rejection. However, the pro-ACTA conservatives (EPP, led by Swedish Christopher Fjellner), and some of their allies (British conservatives of the ECR led by Syed Kamall) will attempt to amend the recommendation . They are strongly supported by industry lobbies and the EU Commission, who wish to either turn the INTA report into a call for adopting ACTA, or at least delay the final vote.
Citizens must mobilize and get in touch with members of the INTA committee. They should especially be watchful of the following:
“We're in the last hundred meters of the ACTA marathon, and must hold on, eyes on the prize. We should be especially careful not to consider that the job is done and that we have already won, as everything can change in a blink. Our opponents have already used last-minute tricks during previous committee votes , and we can expect this to continue. It is crucial that we remain mobilized to secure our chance to finally kill ACTA in plenary and open the way for a positive reform of copyright.” said Jérémie Zimmermann, spokesperson of the citizen advocacy group La Quadrature du Net.
Tripura Governor Tathagata Roy has expressed their displeasure over ban on firecracker sale in Delhi-NCR. File photo: PTI.
Adding to the growing social media clamour over the Supreme Court ban on sale of firecrackers in Delhi and NCR this Diwali, Tripura Governor Tathagata Roy has sparked a fresh controversy with a veiled attack on the court ruling.
"First Dahi Handi, today firecrackers, tomorrow the award wapsi brigade and those holding candlelight vigils may file a litigation against cremation rites of Hindus on the grounds of causing air pollution," the Tripura governor tweeted.
Speaking to India Today over phone, Tathagata Roy clarified that as a practising Hindu they were unhappy with the Supreme Court ruling as it deprived the community of an important aspect of the celebrations.
?? ? ??,?? ?? ,? ?? ? ? ? ?? ? ?? ??? ? ?? ? ???? ??? ?? ? ?? ? ?? ? ! - Tathagata Roy (@tathagata2) October 10, 2017
The senior BJP leader-turned-Tripura Governor is known for their hard-line stance on several issues on social media. Recently, they courted controversy by calling Rohingya refugees "garbage".
Since morning I am being trolled by Islamists and stooges for having said we shouldn't accept Rohingiya garbage. Proves I'm on right track - Tathagata Roy (@tathagata2) September 10, 2017
"No Islamic country nor Bangladesh accepts Rohingias. But India, great Dharamshala, must. And if u say no, you're inhuman!" Roy had tweeted, adding that they were being trolled by "Islamists and stooges" for having said that India shouldn't accept "Rohingiya garbage".
No Islamic country,nor Bangladesh (state religion Islam)accepts Rohingias. But India,great Dharamshala,must. And if u say no,you're inhuman! - Tathagata Roy (@tathagata2) September 10, 2017
Popular author Chetan Bhagat too disapproved of the ban on sale of crackers in Delhi during Diwali and kicked up a row with their tweet that said "Can I just ask on cracker ban. Why only guts to do this for Hindu festivals? Banning goat sacrifice and Muharram bloodshed soon too?".
Can I just ask on cracker ban. Why only guts to do this for Hindu festivals? Banning goat sacrifice and Muharram bloodshed soon too? - Chetan Bhagat (@chetan_bhagat) October 9, 2017
On Monday, the Supreme Court bench headed by Justice A K Sikri upheld the ban on sale of crackers in Delhi and National Capital Region till November 1 and said "we should see at least in one Diwali the impact of a cracker-free festivity".
ALSO WATCH: Cracker-less Diwali: Supreme Court upholds ban on sale of firecrackers in Delhi, NCR
The goal of the MyHDL project is to empower hardware designers with the elegance and simplicity of the Python language.
MyHDL is a free, open-source package for using Python as a hardware description and verification language. Python is a very high level language, and hardware designers can use its full power to model and simulate their designs. Moreover, MyHDL can convert a design to Verilog or VHDL. This provides a path into a traditional design flow.
Modeling
Python's power and clarity make MyHDL an ideal solution for high level modeling. Python is famous for enabling elegant solutions to complex modeling problems. Moreover, Python is outstanding for rapid application development and experimentation.
The key idea behind MyHDL is the use of Python generators to model hardware concurrency. Generators are best described as resumable functions. MyHDL generators are similar to always blocks in Verilog and processes in VHDL.
A hardware module is modeled as a function that returns generators. This approach makes it straightforward to support features such as arbitrary hierarchy, named port association, arrays of instances, and conditional instantiation. Furthermore, MyHDL provides classes that implement traditional hardware description concepts. It provides a signal class to support communication between generators, a class to support a bit oriented operations, and a class for enumeration types.
Install MyHDL in ubuntu 9.10 (Karmic)
Open the terminal and run the following commands
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:balau82/ppa
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install myhdl
This will install all the required packages for myhdl including gpg key.
To get started, many examples are provided in “/usr/share/doc/myhdl/examples“, and more information can be found on the MyHDL cookbook.
For some basic myhdl tutorial and examples check here
Credit goes here
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Most Civilization games have ended with humankind moving to the stars. But that's just the start of Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth, the next installment in the 23-year-old strategy game franchise. Take-Two Interactive Software's 2K Games recently announced that Firaxis Games is working on the new title.
We caught up with the lead game designers for the project, Will Miller and David McDonough, to talk about how Beyond Earth will differ from predecessor Civilization V as well as the last big space-based Civ game, Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.
The big difference is that this Civ experience will have more science as its foundation. Earth will become uninhabitable because of global warming. Humanity will have to move to other planets in the galaxy for survival.
You can design your mission to the stars by picking your leader and your resources, but after that, it's up to you to customize a lasting civilization in the face of enemy threats. You'll fend off aliens, other groups from Earth, and your new planet itself.
The title is coming out on Windows this fall. Here's an edited transcript of our interview with Miller and McDonough.
Image Credit: 2K Games
GamesBeat: Can you guys tell me how you got started on the title?
Will Miller: David and I are huge fans of space, just space in general. The history of manned space flight, science fiction, anything space. We're also big fans of Alpha Centauri, of course. Since we've been here, we've always romanticized about doing a Civ in space. It was the right time, and we had the right team. We just started working on it.
GamesBeat: Why would space be a better choice than another earthbound Civ?
Miller: It's a fascinating area to explore with the Civ franchise. Our fans have wanted it for a very long time. Like I say, we've always wanted to revisit this area. We just got the opportunity to do it.
GamesBeat: I remember playing Alpha Centauri pretty obsessively back in the day. I don't recall there being as much science behind that game as there seems to be in your game here.
David McDonough: That might be fair to say. I think Alpha Centauri was actually a pretty fun blend of science and science fiction. It was maybe a little heavier on the fiction side. But we've had a good time making that blend, too. We're different people, and we have a different level of fandom for the various branches of science and sci-fi.
One of my favorite things about this game is that it starts off very rooted in science and builds these threads of plausibility all the way through to its wildest, most ridiculous fiction. We sort of trick you along the way — “Oh, this is totally real, we can totally do this” — and, by the end of the game, you've gone totally sci-fi. But an emphasis on real science is part of our enthusiasm for the game. It's an opportunity to have some fun.
Miller: It's also functionally. The reason why we chose to take that approach is because we really care about the suspension of disbelief. We want to maintain that in the player throughout the whole experience. You do end up in a very sci-fi place at the end of the game. You're changing the physiology of the human species. You're making these fantastical vehicles and units. The face of the planet is changing based on what you've done to it. But to get there, we want you to go through these incremental steps that all make sense. When you finish a game of Beyond Earth, you can say, “Yeah, I understand how that, in some future, might happen.”
Image Credit: 2K Games
GamesBeat: It seems like you have a very plausible beginning for reaching to the stars, with all the new research on global warming. It provides a pretty good backstory for you.
Miller: We talk about the Great Mistake as this kind of catalyst that tips the balance a little bit, in a lot of different areas. There wasn't really an apocalypse, a world-ending event. It was an event, but it just pushed many of these things that we're dealing with today over the edge. Like you say, global warming, a very tenuous geopolitical landscape, things of that nature. Even drought can cause wars, over a period of 10 or 15 years. That's what we imply, that lots of different intervening factors ended up sending humankind into this dark age.
The optimistic part of it is that we all came out of it OK. It's at that point where we decide to go to the stars.
GamesBeat: Is this part of the game told in 30 seconds or do you see a larger cinematic beginning?
Miller: Some of it's told up front. We have a bit of exposition. But the story about Earth's past and what happened and all of that, the player is going to do a much better job making that story than we will. What we like to do is tell that story through hints and through suggestion and mystery. We let the player fill in the gaps.
GamesBeat: It's also maybe familiar because it's a natural ending to a lot of Civ games. You overbuild and you have flooded cities at some point.
Miller: Right. Roads everywhere and half the world's irradiated and all that.
GamesBeat: There's also an interesting design approach here in allowing players to do a lot on Earth before they take off. They design their spaceship and figure out who they're going to take, who their leader is going to be. There's a lot of strategy in that part of the game, right?
McDonough: There's a lot of strategy in it, but we don't want to misrepresent ourselves. The choices you make at the very beginning of the game are presented abstractly. You decide who you're going to start out as and what you're going to take with you, but the whole game takes place on the new planet. There's no gameplay on Earth, so to speak. You're just setting the starting conditions for your colony expedition, and then there's a bit of backstory with the intro to the game. When turn zero starts, it starts with you landing on the new world. From start to finish, it's about your next chapter, the chapter on the new planet.
GamesBeat: What kind of variety will you see as a result of some of these decisions you make in the beginning?
McDonough: Plenty. They have a huge, sweeping impact on your play style and your advantages. It affects all kinds of circumstances. Everything from diplomacy to city management will be affected by the particular blend of starting loadout choices you make. One of the most interesting things about the game so far, that we're already having a good time with, is how just one change can make for a very different experience. If you change those circumstances even a little bit, the story you'll tell on the new world and the way that you'll face the problems you encounter … your strengths come from different places, so the story is different.
Miller: We talk a lot about eliminating the critical path in Civ. We never want there to be a definitive build order or technology-research order. We want there to be thought in every decision you make, based on the specifics of this particular playthrough. Where you landed, how the aliens are reacting to you, who your neighbors are, what kind of quests you get, things like that. The loadout options are one more way that we mix the game up.
There are still personalities to the civilizations. You still have the warlike ones and the economically focused ones or whatever. But because of these loadout options, you can never really know the leaders you're up against until you've interacted with them through the game, through diplomacy. You have to build your strategies around discovering who they are and what they want. Your games are infinitely replayable because of these choices you make in the beginning.
Image Credit: 2K Games
GamesBeat: What's different about the gameplay versus previous Civilizations, and what's very similar?
McDonough: The phrase we like to use is, “Beyond Earth is built on the bones of Civilization.” Civilization V, specifically. It belongs in the Civ franchise, and a lot of the things a Civ player likes about Civ and has come to expect about the Civ style of gameplay, they'll find at the heart of this one. That's things like one unit per tile, hexes, cities, buildings, improvements, wonders, warfare, and so on … . Lots of things.
But after that, we've created an entirely new blend of experiences on those bones. A different flesh for the body. Everything from how your technology emerges and what value you place on it to what governs when and where [you want] to build cities and what cities do for you. How do you interact with your neighbors on this alien planet, when all of you are trying to figure it out at the same time?
To describe the differences is basically to describe the game. It's a new experience designed around the kernel of the Civ idea but for a context that it belongs in — the future, the advancement of technology, the alien planet.
Miller: A couple of specifics will stand out to players. The first thing you'll notice — beyond the first beat of the game, which is that loadout and landing process — is the alien world. The aliens are characters, and the world is a character, just as much as the other civilizations are. You don't interact with them diplomatically, but they certainly react to what you're doing. Figuring out how to negotiate their presence is a big deal.
The tech tree is now a tech web. It's nonlinear tech advancement. In traditional Civ, you sort of move from left to right, researching tech along the way. You research all of them by the end of the game — maybe in different order or at different paces, but everyone gets the same stuff at the end. In this game, you research some subset of the tech. You're not going to get to all of it. You have to make choices about what you want to prioritize.
The way that unit progression works has been totally redone to emphasize these three technology affinities, these post-human manifestations of our future. That's a big system that's pretty exciting. There are lots of things like this that Civ players will appreciate as being very new, but they'll still feel comfortable because it's built on a Civ game that they're familiar with.
GamesBeat: With Alpha Centauri, we had one planet and we played on that. Here you give the opportunity to have many different kinds of environments that seem like they're different planets. How much variety is there?
McDonough: There are two ways we differentiate the planets. The first way is with [biomes]. The game ships with three very distinctive biomes. There's a lush biome — very green, lots of jungle, and all of that. There's a fungal biome, which is very strange — fungus and lichen all over the place, a very cool color temperature. Then there's an arid biome … very little water, sand everywhere.
Each of these is additionally augmented by our map scripts. We have a lot of map scripts that tell the game how to generate the environments — what the distributions of resources are, what the land masses look like, things like that. Those have been rewritten to take advantage of our new resource types and new terrain features. Within those three biomes, you have a lot of variation in terms of the kind of map you'll be playing on.
Image Credit: 2K Games
GamesBeat: When you're in a state of warfare, how would you describe that?
McDonough: It's warfare along themes you might recognize. The civilizations on the planet are vying for control of a variety of things. They're also trying to fight against the aliens who precede them and aren't necessarily going to be their friends. So, you fight on the planet's surface with units, focusing on themes you'd recognize from Civ V.
The biggest difference is that the construction of your army is totally overhauled. Previously, you might [have had] a historical prerequisite and an advancement through the ages of military tech. In this game, you have a core cadre of units and classes, and you customize and upgrade them over the course of the game. You get new technologies and various perks from all kinds of activities.
By the end of the game, your army reflects a unique blend of advantages and styles that represent all the decisions you've made. No two armies will be the same. You could be fighting head to head against your neighboring civ with armies that are radically different. They look different, operate differently, represent different people. But you're still having a balanced war. It's still tactically interesting and challenging. The warfare has a totally different feel to it, with unit customization as its foundation.
Miller: The other noticeable difference, a feature that we're really excited about, is the orbital layer. What would a space game be without some gameplay in space, right? So, you send aloft these satellites, which project an influence on the terrain below. They're stationary, but they're floating improvements. You can send up a tactical satellite and buff all the units underneath it. There's this kind of spatial territorial-acquisition game that players play in the orbital layer. It's a separate conquest game where you're vying for control of the airspace. That's a neat twist on Civ combat. It's been a lot of fun to play with.
GamesBeat: Are you getting some input from Sid Meier [director of creative development at Firaxis] on this as well?
McDonough: Definitely. Sid is sort of the guiding light of every project at Firaxis. As lead designers, we talk to them and get mentorship from them on pretty much everything we do. This game is no exception. He's been a wonderful asset, great to go and talk to about the various design ideas and directions we've been taking. He's a fan of the game, which is high praise. It's been fun working with Sid.
GamesBeat: What's a thing you think people are going to obsess over?
Miller: There are so many things to do in a Civilization game. There's this rolling progression of choice and reward and feedback. That loop, that compulsion loop, is what keeps people in the game. I started researching a tech 15 turns ago. I want to see it when it's finished. Then, it gives me these things I want to build and see the results of. It's very easy to get sucked into this game and lose a lot of time.
One of the things I think is most compelling is when you start to establish your affinity. There's a point in the game where the visual identity of your civilization starts to take on the characteristics of the affinity you've chosen. That moment, where it feels like the decisions you've made really start to have a significant impact on your imaginary people, that's a moment that really … I don't want to stop playing. As soon as my cities start to reflect my ideology or those troops get that first taste of the new ideology style, that's a fantastic hook to keep going.
The Australian budget is facing deficits $38 billion worse than forecast and on present settings will never return to surplus, an authoritative new analysis has found.
Released just a fortnight before Treasurer Scott Morrison officially updates the budget in the mid-year review, the Deloitte Access Budget Monitor finds this year's deficit will be about $40.3 billion rather than the forecast $35.1 billion, the next year's $34.1 billion rather than $25.8 billion, and the deficits in 2017-18 and 2018-19 $11.3 billion and $12.7 billion worse.
It comes days after Treasury revised down its long-term economic growth projections, a downgrade not fully reflected in the Deloitte Access report.
"That line on the budget graph that shows the deficit disappearing, it never gets there on our projections," Deloitte Access partner Chris Richardson said.
The list of technologies that can transform how companies do businesses is long and growing longer by the minute. There's software for customer service, sales, and marketing, and for crunching data to help executives make better decisions.
Corporate customers are expected to spend an astounding $2.1 billion annually on technology by 2019, according to market research firm International Data Corp. The demand by companies for help with installing it all and teaching workers to use it wisely have prompted big technology consulting firms to make dozens of acquisitions of design and strategy agencies in 2016.
Accenture (acn), IBM (ibm), Cognizant (ctsh), Deloitte and Wipro (wit) all snapped up smaller firms that can help businesses dream up new business models, test ideas, and install the technology to make those visions reality. For example, in November, Accenture and Cognizant both expanded their digital teams in Europe with the buyouts of London's Karmarama (which caters to automaker Honda and consumer goods company Unilever) and Amsterdam's Mirabeau (which counts airlines KLM and AirFrance as customers.)
Gajen Kandiah, president of Cognizant Digital Business, said their organization has added more than 500 anthropologists and behavioral economists over the past six months to help companies envision how technology will change how they do business. Many companies struggle with this step, they suggest. “This is a market that is quite confusing, and not really getting better over time,” they told Fortune.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's daily technology newsletter.
From a sheer numbers perspective, Accenture did the most acquisitions among its peers—it bought six boutique creative agencies and software development firms in the second half of 2016 alone. Separate reports from research firms Everest Group, Forrester, and Gartner list Accenture as the largest digital consulting firm based on the sheer number of services is offer related to analytics, cloud services, and other digital technologies. It can handle projects in more than 40 offices worldwide.
Accenture is followed closely by IBM in terms of employees dedicated to this area. IBM has been adding more talent quickly: it acquired three creative design agencies during the span of just one week early in the year, and then bought another in April. As of February, IBM's consulting unit dedicated to consulting on digital technologies had more than 10,000 employees.
Accenture doesn't disclose the size of its workforce.
Brian Whipple, senior managing director for Accenture Interactive, an Accenture business that specializes in helping clients with technology for dealing with their customers, said much of the consolidation is being driven by a desire by large companies to regain control over how customers “experience” their products and services.
That could include helping companies create entirely new ways to show off products to customers, such as using augmented reality headsets—which layer digital images onto a “real world” view—without actually taking them on the road. In theory, the data collected about that interaction would be used as part of an ever-changing profile of that individual customer that gives insights into their likes and dislikes.
Websites, mobile apps, and digital marketing videos—and other interactions—are becoming just as important as traditional advertising activities in shaping what consumers think about companies, Whipple said. “It's just one of about 100 different experiences that a consumer will have with a company.”
How GE is merging industrial and digital models.
While many technology consulting firms specialize in some of these areas, market researcher Gartner says only a handful of them are capable of advising customers about the full breadth of their digital strategies like their growth plans, cybersecurity, using the Internet of things, evaluating new technologies, and changing corporate culture. Gartner's list of the best one-stop shops for digital services includes (alphabetically) Atos, Booz Allen Hamilton, Boston Consulting Group, Capgemini, Cognizant, Deloitte Digital, EY, IBM, McKinsey, Orange Business Services, PwC, and Wipro.
Today, services related digital technologies account for nearly 20% of Wipro's overall revenue. But this portion of Wipro's business will grow least 30% to 50% over the next three years especially from customers in the financial services, telecommunications, media, and health care sectors, said Rajan Kohli, senior vice president and global head of Wipro Digital. “By definition, the disruption is often tied to consumer habits,” they said.
That opportunity inspired Wipro's $500 million takeover of cloud services specialist Appirio in October. Appirio CEO Chris Barbin said their company had planned to build its own design team before it agreed to the takeover but now has access to designers through Designit, a Danish design agency that Wipro bought in July 2015. Appirio's newfound ability to help customers about both cloud software investments and design-centric issues, such as how to make applications and websites easier to navigate, has already helped the combined teams win several deals together, they said.
About 14 years ago, I met an entrepreneur who wanted to open up coffee shops around China. I never thought the coffee business would work there. The Chinese would not easily give up their tea-drinking culture for a bitter, overpriced drink, I told him.
Starbucks has proven me wrong. Howard Schultz, the CEO of Starbucks (SBUX), announced that China will soon become its largest market outside the United States. It has opened over 500 outlets in the country, which are more profitable per outlet than in the U.S. even though sales per outlet lags its U.S. counterparts considerably, according to the chain's chief financial officer, Troy Alstead.
What did Starbucks do to succeed in a market where so many other Western food and beverage brands such as Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme, and Burger King have failed to live up to their own expectations? What Starbucks did right in China is a textbook case study in how food brands can succeed despite rising labor and real estate costs and increased competition on the Mainland.
Instead of trying to force onto the market the same products that work in the U.S., such as whip cream-covered frozen coffee concoctions, Starbucks developed flavors, such as green tea-flavored coffee drinks, that appeal to local tastes. Rather than pushing take-out orders, which account for the majority of American sales, Starbucks adapted to local consumer wants and promoted dine-in service.
By offering comfortable environments in a market where few restaurants had air conditioning in the late 1990s, Starbucks become a defacto meeting place for executives as well as for the gathering of friends. In other words, Starbucks adapted its business model specifically for the Chinese, rather than trying to transplant everything that worked in America into China, as so many brands such as Best Buy and Home Depot have done. Such approaches often proved shortsighted and ill-fated.
The challenge with pushing dine-in service in large, comfortable outlets rather than take out is that revenue per square meter is less than in the U.S. The average revenue per outlet in China is one third to two thirds of what it is in the U.S., according to Alstead, the CFO.
Starbucks offset the relative lack of revenue in China's outlets by positioning the company and its products as aspirational purchases. The average coffee sold in China is far more expensive than in the U.S. Carrying a Starbucks cup is seen as a status symbol, a way to demonstrate sophistication and the capability to afford a personal luxury for the up-and-coming middle class in China.
Starbuck's high pricing strategy of specialty drinks allows it to have its Chinese outlets be more profitable per store in China despite the lower sales volume. Overall in Asia, its operating margins are 34.6% in 2011 versus 21.8% in the United States. Too many brands are willing to push for market share by cutting prices in China. In reality, they should aim for fatter margins.
Not only does Starbuck's premium pricing strategy fit market demands but it also allows it to regularly roll out higher-margin specialty products, such as gift sets that offset rising commodity costs. If you think Starbucks is pricey here, imagine what you'd pay in Shanghai. Still, it will be an ongoing juggling act for Starbucks. As China's urbanization rate nears 52%, Starbucks and other companies there need to implement strategies to offset the impact of rising commodity costs.
Meantime, Starbucks has done an amazing job at recruiting, retaining, and training employees. Annual turnover rates 30% or higher are common in China, according to data compiled by my firm. Yet, Starbucks has far lower turnover than the industry average by offering good compensation packages, work environments, and career paths.
One barista who has been working at Starbucks for five years told me, "I feel taken care of by management. I enjoy my job and I enjoy working here so I expect to stay longer." That is a rare comment in a country where job hopping is the norm among younger workers.
Starbucks' service is on par if not higher than many five-star hotels. In interviews with several hundred consumers in Shanghai, the majority of them told my firm they actually preferred the taste of products from competitors but continued to go to Starbucks because of the service.
Far too many multinational companies treat their Chinese employees as second-class citizens with little career development. Their senior management ranks are full of foreigners, Taiwanese or Hong Kongers without any mainland Chinese representation.
Starbucks understood that the value proposition it was offering Chinese was different than in the U.S. They were able to adapt their business model to fit China while keeping their core values. So far, it's working pretty well.
Copyright 2012 CNBC.com.
Several provinces are plowing full-steam ahead with plans to ask the public how they should manage the introduction of legal recreational pot in Canada. But Ontario, it seems, isn't one of them.
Or, if there are plans, the province's “Legalization of Cannabis Secretariat” is not ready to share them yet. Secretariat officials have been holding private meetings and promise to “engage with the public” later.
The lack of information is surprising, says Jeffrey Lizotte, the CEO of NextWave Brands, a cannabis lobbying and consulting firm.
Ontario is the country's most populous province, and the epicentre of the legal cannabis industry, they note. More than half of the Health Canada licensed grow-ops that sell to medical patients are in Ontario, and those facilities are expanding to supply recreational pot users, too.
“Ontario should be the leader,” Lizotte says.
The federal government aims to make dried pot and cannabis oil legal by July 1, 2018, and has unveiled its legislation to that effect, but many key details have been left to the provinces.
Related
Alberta, Quebec, Newfoundland, New Brunswick and the Northwest Territories have planned or begun consultations. Alberta has encouraged citizens to start discussion groups to debate questions under provincial control, such as: Where should marijuana be sold? Should the province raise the legal age for purchasing pot above the federal minimum of 18? Should people be allowed to use cannabis in public? Should the province create new impaired driving laws? How should cannabis be treated in the workplace?
In New Brunswick, where the government considers the cannabis industry a pillar of economic growth, a legislative committee will hold public hearings this summer. Quebec plans a summit of experts in June, followed by regional consultations and draft legislation in the fall.
In Ontario, the Cannabis Secretariat has been holding private meetings.
“Ontario is engaging with health, public safety, municipal and indigenous stakeholders and will continue to do so over the summer months as we develop our regulatory framework,” said a statement from the Ministry of the Attorney General, which houses the Secretariat. Besides the “proactive stakeholder outreach,” the statement said, “government officials are attending relevant conferences, meeting with academics and responding to impacted groups who wish to provide input.”
There was no reply to a request for details about which “stakeholders” and “impacted groups” have been part of the discussion.
The statement also said that “Ontario is also working closely with the other provinces and territories, and the federal government to share best practices and information.”
As for how the public can get involved in the cannabis debate, that's not known. The Secretariat will “engage with the public over the coming months,” said the statement. Asked for more details, officials provided the same statement again.
The public silence on the issue may be because the province is waiting until the federal cannabis legislation is passed, says cannabis lobbyist Lizotte.
But there are also political considerations, says Lizotte, who worked at Queen's Park for Conservative politicians before jumping into the cannabis consulting business.
A provincial election is scheduled for June 7, 2018. That's just a few weeks before the target date for the brave new world of legal pot. Will Ontario try to keep the issue low-key because politicians are disinclined to talk about pot?
During the election in B.C. last month, cannabis was barely mentioned by politicians, even though the province has a massive underground industry.
“We can't let that happen in Ontario,” says Lizotte, adding activists will try to make marijuana legalization part of the Ontario election debate.
Even people who don't use pot will be touched by the cultural, political and economic changes that come with the end of nearly a century of prohibition. Lizotte emphasizes the positives, such as economic growth fuelled by the cannabis industry and an end to the government expense and personal hardship caused by criminal charges for possessing small amounts of marijuana. But there are huge challenges, too, from trying to prevent increased consumption by young people to keeping stoned drivers off the roads.
The topic may not be a winner with voters.
A recent opinion poll suggests that Canadians are becoming wary about recreational pot and the ability of governments to manage it. The cross-Canada survey by the consulting firm Hill & Knowlton Strategies found that public opinion has shifted.
Last year, “people were excited” about legalization, and polls consistently found that 55 per cent to 65 per cent of Canadian approved of the idea, says the Hill & Knowlton report.
The firm's survey last month found a “more guarded and uneasy public.” Support for legalization had dropped to 43 per cent. A majority of respondents — 57 per cent — said they were concerned about how their provincial government “is going to roll out marijuana legislation,” compared to 12 per cent who were not concerned, and 28 per cent who were neutral on the question. Only 26 per cent of respondents agreed the federal government was “doing a good job of handling the marijuana issue,” while 36 per cent disagreed with the statement and 24 per cent were neutral.
The political landscape varies greatly by province, says Ottawa business lawyer Trina Fraser, who advises companies on obtaining licences to grow medical marijuana.
“Certain provinces have their act together more than others. Certain provinces are more excited than others. Some view it as economic opportunity, some view it as something that is being imposed on them against their will. I think there is a different political appetite across the country toward embracing it and dealing with it.”
Ontario may not be saying much publicly, but work is going on behind the scenes, says Omar Khan, a vice-president at Hill & Knowlton who advises clients in the cannabis industry. They suspect the Ontario Cannabis Secretariat is “mapping out the landscape” and coming up with options for cabinet. “They've been thinking about this since the Trudeau government was elected,” says Khan, who until last fall worked as chief of staff to Ontario's health minister.
On the key question of where cannabis will be sold, three options are on the table, says Khan: privately operated stores; government-run outlets similar to the LCBO; or some hybrid of the two.
It's highly unlikely Ontario will allow alcohol and marijuana to be sold in the same place, says Khan, an assessment that is widely shared in the industry. “It's unlikely you'll be able to walk into an LCBO and buy marijuana.”
Co-locations should be avoided, according to the task force of experts whose report the federal government has used as a blueprint for legalization. Co-locations could promote cannabis to people who wouldn't otherwise buy it or encourage people to use both substances simultaneously. And some cannabis users don't want to be around alcohol.
The statement from the Cannabis Secretariat says “all policy options remain on the table.”
Provinces can also choose to toughen several aspects of the federal law by lowering the possession limit of 30 grams of pot or the home-grow limit of four plants per household.
jmiller@postmedia.com
Over the past twenty-three years, Mike has become a notable figure in the NASCAR community. As a Spotter, they spent a total of 14 seasons with Matt Kenseth and Ricky Stenhouse Jr. in the Monster Energy Cup and XFINITY Series. All told, at Roush Fenway Racing, they garnered over 40 wins including three Championships and two Daytona 500's. At the end of 2013, Mike left Roush Fenway to focus on their companies and stays active in the NASCAR community at many levels. Mike was a regular guest on SIRIUS NASCAR Radio, featured "act" Speed TV's Trackside Live and makes on occasional cameo on soap operas. (Really?) They have an affinity for starting new things, such as Popular Speed and 140 BUZZ – a PR, Marketing and Social Media company. Many 140 BUZZ clients are NASCAR teams, drivers and sponsors and represent many of the most visible brands in NASCAR and other business categories. Mike is also a Driver Development consultant, where they work with families and drivers around the country to set a career path. As a stand-up comic Mike is, without a doubt, the funniest guy they know. Calinoff lives in Lake Norman, NC
Chief constables will be forced to justify the legality of recording thousands of law-abiding protesters on secret nationwide databases, the government's privacy watchdog announced today.
Christopher Graham, the information commissioner, said they had "genuine concerns about the ever increasing amount" of personal data held by police.
Graham's move came after the Guardian revealed how police have developed a covert apparatus to monitor people they consider are, or could be, "domestic extremists", a term which has no legal basis.
Photographs and personal details of thousands of activists who attend demonstrations, rallies and political meetings are being stored on the databases. Surveillance officers are given so-called "spotter cards" to identify individuals who may "instigate offences or disorder" at demonstrations.
Alan Johnson, the home secretary, was today forced to defend the police for labelling protesters "domestic extremists". They said: "I haven't issued any guidance [to police] on the definition of that phrase. The police know what they are doing, they know how to tackle these demonstrations, they do it very effectively."
There were "far fewer" cases of animal rights extremism than in previous years, they said. "That's just one form of domestic extremism. If the police want to use that as a term, I certainly wouldn't fall to the floor clutching my box of Kleenex.
David Howarth, the Liberal Democrat justice spokesperson, said that "an alphabet soup of agencies appears to have decided to put everyone in this country who protests about anything on a list of suspects".
"This is an example of mission creep, they have gone beyond their original intention of dealing with violent animal extremists"
Three units given the task of monitoring "domestic extremists" are run by the Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo), including the National Public Order Intelligence Unit (NPOIU), which operates as a giant database of political activists.
David Smith, the deputy information commissioner, said: "We will raise this issue with Acpo and seek further information from them about the personal information the police are collecting.
"We do have genuine concerns about the ever increasing amounts of information that law enforcement bodies are retaining. Organisations must only collect people's personal information for a proper purpose. We will need to talk to Acpo to understand why they consider it is necessary to hold lawful protesters' details in this way, before considering whether this meets the terms of the Data Protection Act."
They also urged demonstrators who suspected they might be on a database to challenge the police. "Individuals have the right to request information that is held about them and can challenge organisations about whether, and for how long, the data should be retained."
One activist, Linda Catt, who has been told that footage of their protesting at last year's Labour party conference is being held on the NPOIU database, said they would lodge a complaint with the information commissioner about why their details are being held. Catt also discovered their vehicle was being tracked by a network of automatic number plate reading cameras at the roadside.
The development comes amid growing concern that police forces are accumulating detailed information about peaceful protesters without proper justification. The NPOIU database can access information collected and stored by individual police forces.
However, there is evidence that police forces supplying the data are not holding the information lawfully. In May, the court of appeal found against the Metropolitan police in a landmark ruling over the retention of photographs on a database run by its public order unit, CO11.
The court found the force had been unlawfully holding images of Andrew Wood, an anti-arms trade campaigner who was photographed leaving a public meeting. One judge said there were unresolved civil liberties questions about the way images were taken and retained in "the modern surveillance society".
The C011 database, which initially contained 2,500 images, has been reduced to around 1,500 images after an internal audit found that 40% of the those being held were not compliant with the ruling.
Speaking to the Guardian, the Met's assistant commissioner, Chris Allison, who is in overall charge of C011, admitted today that the Met had been forced to review its IT systems.
"The judgment made plain, and clarified for the police service, the circumstances under which we could retain images. It set down a clear set of standards for us, and as an organisation it is important that we live by those standards. Then we looked at what we could and couldn't do in light of that database."
They stressed the public order database was not – unlike another Met IT system used to log the movements of protesters named Crimint – accessed by rank and file officers. "The C011 database is just there to enable a few people within the public order branch intelligence squad to have access. This isn't routine access across the organisation."
A spokesperson for the Acpo domestic extremism units said people on the database "should not be worried".
"There are lots of reasons why people might be on the database," they said. "Not everyone on there is a criminal and not everyone on there is a domestic extremist but we have got to build up a picture of what is happening. Those people may be able to help us in the future. It's an intelligence database, not an evidence database."
"Protesting is not a criminal offence but there is occasionally a line that is crossed when people commit offences."
Police forces around the country feed information about protesters into the NPOIU central database in London. Most of it comes from special branch and officers who record what people do and say at protests.
In an interview with the Guardian, Anton Setchell, the National co-ordinator of the Acpo units, gave a hypothetical example: "At such and such a time, I was on duty in whatever high street, there was this event taking place, and in amongst it I saw a man who I've known for the last three years called... They were wearing a blue shirt and at 3.05pm they stood on a podium and got a megaphone and gave a 20-minute address to the crowd."
The new-build 26,000sqm venue will accommodate 5,000 delegates and includes a 4,000sqm pillar-free main hall, a 1,500 seated auditoria, 12 flexible meeting rooms, a double-height glass atrium and a 2,500sqm outdoor plaza for outside events and teambuilding.
It is set to open in 2019 and will also offer organisers several green rooms, a production office, a business centre, a café and extensive breakout spaces on every level, including a 500sqm lounge overlooking the main atrium and outdoor terraces providing views over surrounding woodland.
Ian Edwards, chief executive of the ICC Wales, said: "We're delighted that building work for the forthcoming ICC Wales has now begun after years of meticulous researching and planning in close collaboration with Government and our destination partners.
"Having played host to the 2014 NATO Summit and the Ryder Cup in 2010, the appetite for bringing prestigious events to Wales is already well established. We have spent considerable time championing the viability and demand for building an international convention centre here on this scale, and are thrilled that it's now full steam ahead.
"Until now, Wales simply hasn't had the capacity to accommodate large-scale global conferences and events for upwards of 5,000 delegates but the ICC will compete with leading venues around the world and, crucially, for the first time, position Wales as a destination at the forefront of business tourism centres."
Ken Skates, Welsh Government Cabinet Secretary for Economy and Infrastructure added: "The UK has always claimed a creditable share of the global events market and we're delighted that the forthcoming ICC will now put Wales on the international events stage in its own right.
"The ICC Wales will offer a completely fresh opportunity for the events industry with its extensive state-of-the-art facilities coupled with its excellent location and accessibility to some of Wales' finest attractions and beauty spots. This development will place Wales firmly at the forefront of business tourism destinations and it will provide a very real long-term boost for the entire economy of South Wales."
The ICC Wales is a joint venture between the owners of the Celtic Manor Resort and Welsh Government and is managed by Celtic Manor's leadership team responsible for the successful delivery of the 2014 Nato Summit and the 2010 Ryder Cup.
More:
Wales: Classic, modern and quirky venues for events
6 of the best... UK convention centre developments
New £650,000 conference centre opens in Bristol
• For more breaking news, in-depth features and case studies, sign up to C&IT Magazine's daily Newstracker here
A live possum snapped in half, attached to a lure by only its spinal cord. Another possum fighting ferociously as its baby is pulled from its arms and a leading dog trainer encourages a worker to "bash its head" in before the tiny animal is suffocated in sand. Wide-eyed piglets mauled and eviscerated as they scream for their lives. In at least one instance, a child, brought to the "breaking-in track", watches on as animals are savaged and killed. All of this precipitated, encouraged and paid for by many of the industry's biggest names - top-flight trainers and owners, a former flight attendant (the "police officers of the sport") - who not only pay to have their dogs maul and kill defenceless animals but do it to defraud the punters who supply their livelihoods. They are grubs and cheats. It goes without saying the trainers and handlers shown on video mutilating live animals should be jailed. Animal cruelty laws exist for this purpose.
However, if a significant number of participants in a sport are prepared to break those laws - to torture and kill animals for gain and amusement - and the people charged with policing them are so clueless or so gutless as to say they had no idea, the sport should be banned. It's feral. Anybody with a passing familiarity of greyhound racing knows live baiting is an open secret. Attend a meeting and you'll hear punters, trainers and bookies say a dog is a good chance of winning because "it's had a kill". What Four Corners, Animal Liberation Queensland and Animals Australia have done is removed any possibility of denial. It's all there on camera. For the sport's regulators to claim ignorance is frightening. As Four Corners' Caro Meldrum-Hanna said in their report: "It's only an hour's drive from the CBDs of Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney to each of the tracks where live baiting is frequently occurring. "And a small group of investigators, working on a shoestring, managed to quickly discover what the regulators, with their deep pockets, have deemed too hard to find for themselves."
Granted, these regulators might have their hands full keeping track of the abuses and killings of dogs in their sport when it actually plays by its rules. Granted, acts as despicable and cruel happen every day of the week to bring you your bacon, eggs, steak and milk. Granted, there are far more terrible things happening to human beings on the planet right this minute, but this should still not prevent our compassion for animals. Greyhound racing has no practical reason for being. It's as much a "sport" as fox hunting or bull fighting. It's very origins are founded on cruelty; two blokes in a paddock sicking their dog onto a rabbit to see who can kill it first.
The sport will tell you it's moved on from this but it appears many of its top echelon has not.
Back in 2007, Michael Vick, the former NFL quarterback of the Atlanta Falcons was one of the biggest sports stars in the US when they were convicted - on far less evidence than presented by Four Corners - of funding a dog-fighting ring and drowning and hanging animals that had not performed well. They served 21 months in prison. Their jailing reverberated through the US, as should the jailing of the people involved in the greyhound industry's barbarism, who think so little of the welfare of the creatures we share the earth with, they'd bring a child to watch their torture and death. As Meldrum-Hanna said: "If racing on the television and at the track involved either a dead or a live animal strapped to the lure, do you think Australians would be supporting that?" Of course not. Perhaps the most perverse part of this story - aside from gambling companies now taking the high moral ground on the sport - is greyhounds are widely considered one of the gentlest dog breeds and it's only the savagery of humans that brutalises them into the behaviour seen on tape.
To call this "inhumane" is a joke of semantics; only humans devise and execute this sort of monstrosities. You can follow Sam on Twitter here. Their email address is here.
The Policy Analysis Market (PAM), part of the FutureMAP project, was a proposed futures exchange developed by the United States' Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and based on an idea first proposed by Net Exchange, a San Diego research firm specializing in the development of online prediction markets.[1]
Proposal [ edit ]
PAM was to be "a market in the future of the Middle East", and would have allowed trading of futures contracts based on possible political developments in several Middle Eastern countries. The theory behind such a market is that the monetary value of a futures contract on an event reflects the probability that that event will actually occur, since a market's actors rationally bid a contract either up or down based on reliable information.[2][3] One of the models for PAM was a political futures market run by the University of Iowa, which had predicted U.S. election outcomes more accurately than either opinion polls or political pundits. PAM was also inspired by the work of George Mason University economist Robin Hanson.[3][4]
Opposition [ edit ]
At a July 28, 2003, press conference, Senators Byron L. Dorgan (D-ND) and Ron Wyden (D-OR) claimed that PAM would allow trading in such events as coups d'état, assassinations, and terrorist attacks, due to such events appearing on interface pictures on the project website.[6]
They denounced the idea, with Wyden stating, "The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," while Dorgan called it "useless, offensive and unbelievably stupid".[7] Other critics offered similar outrage. Within less than a day, the Pentagon announced the cancellation of PAM, and by the end of the week John Poindexter, head of the DARPA unit responsible for developing it, but better known for their role in the Iran–Contra affair, had offered their resignation;[8] the PAM had first been proposed and funded in 2001,[note 1] and Poindexter joined DARPA in December 2002. Robin Hanson claimed that Poindexter "actually had little involvement with PAM".[5]
Further developments [ edit ]
CNN reported the program would be relaunched by the private firm, Net Exchange,[3] which helped create it, but that the newer version "will not include any securities based on forecasts of violent events such as assassinations or terror attacks".[9]
On June 11, 2007, Popular Science launched a similar program, known as the Popsci Predictions Exchange. Another project was the 'American Action Market' announced by Tad Hirsh of the MIT Media Lab in 2003, which would permit for-profit betting on major events.
There are now commercial policy analysis markets that perform this function. One such market, Intrade, had previously offered futures on events such as the capture of Osama bin Laden, the U.S. Presidential Election, and the bombing of Iran. As of March 10, 2013, all trading had been suspended on Intrade's website due to undisclosed financial irregularities.
See also [ edit ]
Assassination market, a death/dead pool specific to assassination of a given person, the set of such pools, or a subset of that set (as delimited by, e.g., geographic region or type of persons involved)
Notes [ edit ]
^ [5] "DARPA's first call for proposals went out in May 2001 under the name "Electronic Market-Based Decision Support." The call basically said, "We've heard this works elsewhere; show us it works for problems we care about." Proposals were due in August, and by December two firms had won SBIR (small business independent research) grants."
References [ edit ]
Was http://www.policyanalysis.org, no longer present.
Congressional record [ edit ]
Congressional Record: July 29, 2003 (Senate): Transcript of the debate on the Senate floor after NY Times wrote an article about PAM.
Blogs [ edit ]
Image caption Sandwell Council called for retailers to stop selling the lanterns
Poundland will stop selling Chinese lanterns after one, not sold by the company, sparked a huge fire.
More than 200 firefighters attended a blaze involving 100,000 tonnes of plastic in Smethwick in the West Midlands on Sunday.
"We have made a decision to stop selling lanterns and recalled all remaining stock from stores," a Poundland spokesperson said.
The government has refused to ban the lanterns nationwide.
'Follow suit' call
A spokesperson said they caused a "very small" number of fires.
Vij Randeniya, chief fire officer for the West Midlands, said Poundland's decision would make "a direct contribution to public safety" and called on other responsible retailers to "follow suit as soon as possible".
"We asked for a sensible conversation about sky lanterns with sensible people, and we are really pleased that Poundland have stepped up to the plate," they said.
Poundland, based in Willenhall, near Wolverhampton, has more than 450 stores across the UK.
After the fire, the local authority Sandwell Council and John Spellar MP, whose Warley constituency the blaze was in, called for retailers to stop selling the lanterns.
But a Downing Street spokesperson said there "needed to be a proportionate response".
Last April, a case of overdose on Photoshop caused a group of ‘Miss Korea' contestants to look like cloned beauties produced by the same plastic surgeon. Though it is now clear that the ladies were not high technology clones created to take over the pageant, the incident made some of us feel that beauty pageants these days are geared towards finding a certain type of beauty standard, rather than celebrating the beauty in different women.
Is it really necessary to “enhance” the beauty of these already stunning women? Let's take a look at the Miss Korea pageant ladies before the era of Photoshop and cosmetic surgery!
The first Miss Korea beauty pageant reminiscent of the current contests was officially held in 1957, though selections for ‘Miss Korea' dated back to as early as 1952, and Korea making its debut in the Miss Universe pageant in 1954. Pictures from the early years of the annual national beauty pageant show that contestants were judged based on a procedure similar to what we're familiar with today, with several judging phases which required the ladies to wear different outfits.
▼ Even as early as in the 1960s, the Miss Korea pageant was a considerably large-scale event.
▼ Contestants had to dress in various outfits.
▼ One-piece swimsuits were the norm back then, before bikinis took over the stage.
▼ The winner gets the parade of their life in this funky vehicle.
In the 1970s to 1980s, women with fuller faces and figures were preferred, but when it got to the 1990s, smaller faces with sharper outlines were considered to be the most beautiful. In the 2000s, the trend seemed to shift towards healthy, lean figures and characteristic faces. Though the standard for “beauty” changes over time, some of these past contestants still stand a good chance in today's pageants, don't you think?
▲ Sun-Hee Park (Miss Korea, 1982)
Height: 166cm
Weight: 50kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 88-58-88cm
▲ Sang Myeong Gim (Took part in 1979)
Height: 165cm
Weight: 51kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 86-58-89cm
▲ An-Na Baeg (Took part in 1975)
Height: 167cm
Weight: 49kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 91-58-91cm
▲ Hwa-La Jang (Took part in 1977)
Height: 169cm
Weight: 55kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 89-55-90cm
▲ In-Suk Hwang (Took part in 1976)
Height: 167cm
Weight: 50kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 89-64-92cm
▲ Yeon-Joo Park (Miss Korea, 1972)
Height: 170cm
Weight: 58kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 88-59-88cm
▲ Ji-Hye Seo (Miss Korea, 1975)
Height: 168cm
Weight: 56kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 91-57-91cm
▲ Chang-Hwa Jeong (Took part in 1976)
Height: 168cm
Weight: 50kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 89-58-91cm
▲ Yeong-Seon Jang (Took part in 1971)
Height: 167cm
Weight: 57kg
Bust-Waist-Hip measurements: 89-62-90cm
We think they looked pretty good even without Photoshop and clone-producing cosmetic surgery, but what do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments section below!
Source: Zhaizhai News
Images: Photo.Korea.kr, Nazababa
WWDC Event, The next version of OS X could be called OS X 10.10 'Yosemite' by Apple, Because the official banner points to ‘El Capitan' rock formation in Yosemite national park. With OS X 10.10, the new iOS 8 Firmware Logo and Banner points to underwater background which indicates that it might make your iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch smartphone and tablets 'Waterproof' or 'Water-resistant', these all images are exclusively featuring at Moscone West Center, USA.
WWDC 2014 Live Video Stream Link for Keynote via iOS, Mac OS X, Windows, Apple TV and Apple's Website, You can also follow us for official WWDC 14 Coverage HERE !
Apple's WWDC 2014 Event will be commenced on Monday, June 2nd at 10am Pacific Time. You can also getfor Keynote via iOS, Mac OS X, Windows, Apple TV and Apple's Website, You can also follow us for official WWDC 14 Coverage According to new OS X 10.10 Logo and Banner, it's expected that at, The next version of OS X could be called OS X 10.10 'Yosemite' by Apple, Because the official banner points to ‘El Capitan' rock formation in Yosemite national park. With OS X 10.10, the new iOS 8 Firmware Logo and Banner points to underwater background which indicates that it might make your iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch smartphone and tablets 'Waterproof' or 'Water-resistant', these all images are exclusively featuring at Moscone West Center, USA.
Apple's decoration for Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2014) Event at Moscone West Center is going on and with every new day some official banners and logos are leaked and unveiled. Now, recentlyhas been unveiled before the official announcement, which you can see in below images.
Channel 4 News were pushing hard to nail the Tories for running a push polling operation – Blue Telecoms – during the general election. The Information Commissioner has now ruled:
We've found that two small sections of the written scripts used by those making the calls crossed the line from legitimate market research to unlawful direct marketing. We've warned the Conservative Party to get it right next time.
The ICO stopped short of formal regulatory action because they believe the overall campaign was genuine market research. The two sections they had concerns about were not enough to trigger formal enforcement action.
Channel 4 News were hyping that the police were conducting a “significant investigation”. The police say no further action will be taken. Guido is looking forward to the follow-up Channel 4 News investigation into push polling carried out on behalf of the Labour Party by the GMB and Unite unions…
Donate
Written by Prof Michel Chossudovsky; Originally appeared at Global Research
According to a secret document dated September 15, 1945, “the Pentagon had envisaged blowing up the Soviet Union with a coordinated nuclear attack directed against major urban areas.
All major cities of the Soviet Union were included in the list of 66 “strategic” targets. The tables below categorize each city in terms of area in square miles and the corresponding number of atomic bombs required to annihilate and kill the inhabitants of selected urban areas.
Six atomic bombs were to be used to destroy each of the larger cities including Moscow, Leningrad, Tashkent, Kiev, Kharkov, Odessa.
The Pentagon estimated that a total of 204 bombs would be required to “Wipe the Soviet Union off the Map”. The targets for a nuclear attack consisted of sixty-six major cities.
One single atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima resulted in the immediate death of 100,000 people in the first seven seconds. Imagine what would have happened if 204 atomic bombs had been dropped on major cities of the Soviet Union as outlined in a secret U.S. plan formulated during the Second World War.
Hiroshima in the wake of the atomic bomb attack, 6 August 1945
The document outlining this diabolical military agenda had been released in September 1945, barely one month after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki (6 and 9 August, 1945) and two years before the onset of the Cold War (1947).
The secret plan dated September 15, 1945 (two weeks after the surrender of Japan on September 2, 1945 aboard the USS Missouri, see image below) , however, had been formulated at an earlier period, namely at the height of World War II, at a time when America and the Soviet Union were close allies.
It is worth noting that Stalin was first informed through official channels by Harry Truman of the infamous Manhattan Project at the Potsdam Conference on July 24, 1945, barely two weeks before the attack on Hiroshima.
The Manhattan project was launched in 1939, two years prior to America's entry into World War II in December 1941. The Kremlin was fully aware of the secret Manhattan project as early as 1942.
Were the August 1945 Hiroshima and Nagasaki attacks used by the Pentagon to evaluate the viability of a much larger attack on the Soviet Union consisting of more than 204 atomic bombs?
“On September 15, 1945 — just under two weeks after the formal surrender of Japan and the end of World War II — Norstad sent a copy of the estimate to General Leslie Groves, still the head of the Manhattan Project, and the guy who, for the short term anyway, would be in charge of producing whatever bombs the USAAF might want. As you might guess, the classification on this document was high: “TOP SECRET LIMITED,” which was about as high as it went during World War II. (Alex Wellerstein, The First Atomic Stockpile Requirements (September 1945)
The Kremlin was aware of the 1945 plan to bomb sixty-six Soviet cities.
Had the US decided not to develop nuclear weapons for use against the Soviet Union, the nuclar arms race would not have taken place. Neither The Soviet Union nor the People's Republic of China would have developed nuclear capabilities as a means of deterrence.
The Soviet Union lost 26 million people during World War II.
The USSR developed its own atomic bomb in 1949, in response to 1942 Soviet intelligence reports on the Manhattan Project.
Let's cut to the chase. How many bombs did the USAAF request of the atomic general, when there were maybe one, maybe two bombs worth of fissile material on hand? At a minimum they wanted 123. Ideally, they'd like 466. This is just a little over a month after the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Of course, in true bureaucratic fashion, they provided a handy-dandy chart (Alex Wellerstein, op. cit)
http://blog.nuclearsecrecy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/1945-Atomic-Bomb-Production.pdf
This initial 1945 list of sixty-six cities was updated in the course of the Cold War (1956) to include some 1200 cities in the USSR and the Soviet block countries of Eastern Europe (see declassified documents below).
Source: National Security Archive
“According to the 1956 Plan, H-Bombs were to be Used Against Priority “Air Power” Targets in the Soviet Union, China, and Eastern Europe. Major Cities in the Soviet Bloc, Including East Berlin, Were High Priorities in “Systematic Destruction” for Atomic Bombings. (William Burr, U.S. Cold War Nuclear Attack Target List of 1200 Soviet Bloc Cities “From East Germany to China”, National Security Archive Electronic Briefing Book No. 538, December 2015
Excerpt of list of 1200 cities targeted for nuclear attack in alphabetical order. National Security Archive
In the post Cold War era, under Donald Trump's “Fire and Fury”, nuclear war directed against Russia, China, North Korea and Iran is “On the Table”.
What distinguishes the October 1962 Missile Crisis to Today's realities:
1. Today's president Donald Trump does not have the foggiest idea as to the consequences of nuclear war.
2, Communication today between the White House and the Kremlin is at an all-time low. In contrast, in October 1962, the leaders on both sides, namely John F. Kennedy and Nikita S. Khrushchev were accutely aware of the dangers of nuclear annihilation. They collaborated with a view to avoiding the unthinkable.
3. The nuclear doctrine was entirely different during the Cold War. Both Washington and Moscow understood the realities of mutually assured destruction. Today, tactical nuclear weapons with an explosive capacity (yield) of one third to six times a Hiroshima bomb are categorized by the Pentagon as “harmless to civilians because the explosion is underground”.
4. A one trillion ++ nuclear weapons program, first launched under Obama, is ongoing.
5. Today's thermonuclear bombs are more than 100 times more powerful and destructive than a Hiroshima bomb. Both the US and Russia have several thousand nuclear weapons deployed.
Moreover, an all war against China is currently on the drawing board of the Pentagon as outlined by a RAND Corporation Report commissioned by the US Army
“Fire and Fury”, From Truman to Trump: U.S Foreign Policy Insanity
There is a long history of US political insanity geared towards providing a human face to U.S. crimes against humanity.
On August 9, 1945, on the day the second atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki, president Truman (image right), in a radio address to the American people, concluded that God is on the side of America with regard to the use of nuclear weapons and that
“He May guide us to use it [atomic bomb] in Their ways and Their purposes”.
According to Truman: God is with us, they will decide if and when to use the bomb:
[We must] prepare plans for the future control of this bomb. I shall ask the Congress to cooperate to the end that its production and use be controlled, and that its power be made an overwhelming influence towards world peace. We must constitute ourselves trustees of this new force–to prevent its misuse, and to turn it into the channels of service to humankind. It is an awful responsibility which has come to us. We thank God that it [nuclear weapons] has come to us, instead of to our enemies; and we pray that They may guide us to use it [nuclear weapons] in Their ways and for Their purposes” (emphasis added)
Donate
Photo: Bloomberg
Le système de santé québécois serait le plus efficace parmi les provinces canadiennes, selon les conclusions de l'Institut Fraser. En effet, les contribuables québécois seraient ceux qui recevraient les soins de santé au meilleur rapport qualité-prix, selon le think thank associé à la libre entreprise.
Le rapport compare les coûts du système de santé par habitant à la disponibilité et à la qualité des soins. Le Québec arrive au premier rang des provinces canadiennes.
Ainsi, le Québec serait la province où le système de santé coûte le moins cher et celle où les ressources sont le plus disponibles. Elle arrive deuxième pour le volume de service, derrière l'Ontario. Elle arrive troisième pour la qualité du service, derrière l'Alberta et le Manitoba.
«Cette étude révèle à quel point l'équilibre entre dépenses de santé et rendement des systèmes de santé varie selon les provinces. Par exemple, le Québec arrive à offrir à ses citoyens un rendement relativement élevé de son système de santé pour un faible coût, alors que Terre-Neuve-et-Labrador pénalise ses citoyens en ne leur offrant qu'un rendement moyen pour un coût très élevé », commente Nadeem Esmail, directeur des études en politiques de santé.
L'Institut Fraser ne va pas jusqu'à envoyer des fleurs au Québec, même s'il est couronné. « Le système canadien de soins de santé offre un faible rapport qualité-prix si on le compare aux systèmes de soins de santé universels que l'on trouve dans les autres pays développés. Toutefois, certaines provinces canadiennes offrent clairement un meilleur rapport qualité-prix que d'autres», souligne M. Esmail.
A few months back, I was able to uncover the fact that Microsoft had canceled its upcoming Hololens 2 release as the company shifted its attention to a truly next generation release. Today, the company revealed that they are building a new, custom fabricated chip, for the next generation device that will bring AI from the cloud down to the local device.
The second generation of the company's Holographic Processing Unit (HPU) will include an AI coprocessor that will include support for Deep Neural Networks. The reason for the need for a new type of HPU is that offloading intensive tasks to the cloud results in an unacceptable amount of latency when working with objects in real-time which means to solve this problem, Microsoft needs to bring ‘AI' processing directly to the HoloLens.
Microsoft has taken a keen interest in designing its own chips, the company has previously architected its own silicon with Kinect, field programmable gate arrays (FPGA) and of course, the first HPU. And considering the company is investing heavily in AI, it's not all that surprising to see them building out new silicon that is designed specifically for this task as its use-case reaches far beyond the Hololens headset.
Microsoft isnt saying when the next generation Hololens will be available for everyone but insiders have told me to expect 2018 at the earliest with a more likely goal of 2019 for broad availability.
SM/AIUEO/Getty
The robot takeover will start in the smaller cities. Towns and small cities have a smaller proportion of jobs that will be resilient to automation than larger urban centres, according to a new study.
By looking at the jobs that are most susceptible to automation and their distribution across different US cities, Iyad Rahwan at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab and their team have found a trend between the size of a city and the impact we should expect artificial intelligence and robots to have on human workers. Roughly speaking, cities with fewer than 100,000 inhabitants are more at risk.
The East Coast cities are full of jobs that should be resilient to automation. Washington DC, for example, has many government-related roles that are hard to automate, and New York, with its population of 8.5 million, is able to support many specialist jobs too.
Advertisement
On the other hand, in Madera County in California – a wine-growing area with a population of just 60,000 – many of the agricultural jobs can be done by machines. Nearby San Francisco with a population of 850,000 will be resilient due to its size and thanks to being a centre of innovation.
Gambling on the future
That's the overall trend, but there are, of course, outliers. Las Vegas is relatively large, having about 600,000 residents, but its economy is very dependent on the gambling industry, much of which will probably be automated. Another exception is Boulder in Colorado, a small city with some 100,000 residents. It should be resilient to automation because, like San Francisco, it is home to many start-up companies.
“We shouldn't be alarmist,” says Rahwan. “We shouldn't think that automation will mean massive unemployment, but there will be some kind of shock.” The impact may lead to retraining, migration or new types of jobs, not simply unemployment.
One example from history is the impact that the invention of the ATM had on bank tellers. Initially people thought bank tellers would disappear, but actually their numbers increased. ATMs meant it was cheaper to open new branches, and staff could focus on customer service instead of counting cash.
Much of the recent hype around automation comes from a study from the University of Oxford in 2013, which asked experts how easy certain jobs would be to automate using artificial intelligence and robotics. The study then extrapolated from this and found that 47 per cent of all US jobs were at “high risk of computerisation”.
Guessing absolute numbers is tricky, because predicting the impact of automation is really just an educated guess. But looking at the relative impact – whether one place is more susceptible than another – can still be revealing.
Hide in middle management
In the new study, Rahwan and their team have found that the types of jobs that are hardest to automate become increasingly prevalent in larger cities. For example, the job of a checkout assistant is relatively easy to automate, and so regardless of a city's population you would expect the proportion of residents there with that job to remain the same.
But the proportion of people with jobs that rely on analytical, management and organisational skills, such as computer scientists or chemists, increases with city size. Once a city becomes large enough, it can support more technical jobs than smaller cities.
The study adds evidence to the idea that megacities will become even more important, says Lesley Giles at the Work Foundation in London. “Larger cities attract resources, skills and expertise, and this creates a virtuous circle of improvements and growth,” they say.
These findings are also likely to apply in Europe where cities have a similar range of jobs. But some places follow a different model. In China, for example, cities often specialise in one type of product, which could make the influence of automation quite different.
The future effect of automation on jobs is yet to be fully determined, but it looks as if city size will play a part. “For us to survive the tidal wave of automation we need to be able to do more creative work and combine our skills with others in a creative way,” says Rahwan. “Maybe the metropolis is the answer to our fears.”
‘Black Lives Matter' Protesters DISRUPT Chicago Gay Pride Parade!! Pandemonium Ensues
The gay pride parade in Chicago sounds exactly like you would expect – complete pandemonium.
Apparently some guy drove a car through the parade route and hit some people, but not seriously.
well a car just drove through the Chicago Pride parade cops had to smash the windows and cut the guy out pic.twitter.com/seUNsrsnps — A-Jay (@ajaxpik) June 28, 2015
There's a car driving on the parade route! — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
Couple CFD members going to go get checked out, they might've been hit by the rogue car on Halsted. Don't appear to have any serious inj's — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
In custody, Waveland/Halsted. That car rammed some gates earlier this morning… — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
Fights and gunshots and stabbings, oh my!!
The offenders are now running e/b on Wilson… — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
Yet another fight, this one at 4622 N Broadway. — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
Offender shot at a gang unit during foot chase in Uptown near parade route. In custody 4625 Kenmore. Looking for casings. #ChicagoScanner — CWBChicago (@CWBChicago) June 28, 2015
Pride Parade arrest count now 13. Man armed with a knife driving a car north on Halsted from Addison is in custody. #ChicagoScanner — CWBChicago (@CWBChicago) June 28, 2015
Weapon recovered at 4625 N Kenmore, everyone is OK. — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
And there were “Black Lives Matter” protesters who were disrupting the gay parade for their cause!!!
6 people have been arrested and the parade is moving again. #Chicago https://t.co/vc42sRHNF7 — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
Boos from the crowd when we started up again, mixed with chants of #blacklivesmatter #blackoutpride — Sarah Cantaloupe (@SarahCantaloupe) June 28, 2015
"STAND UP, DON'T BE QUIET, STONEWALL WAS A FUCKING RIOT" pic.twitter.com/ycGfBoaISc — Sarah Cantaloupe (@SarahCantaloupe) June 28, 2015
I have no idea. Are they saying gays aren't militant enough or they should be militant for blacks, or blacks aren't militant enough. What is going on??!?
What the hell?! “Rainbows are just reflected white light”!!! LOL!! Gay pride is raaaaaaaaaacist!!!
RT @Amaris_Moore: A group of protesters dying -in were arrested by the police #BlackOutPride pic.twitter.com/ZEzaVm5cnt — EMonkus (@EMonkus) June 28, 2015
Please donate to free the 8 activists that were arrested http://t.co/ZkzWIYn44Z #BlackOutPride pic.twitter.com/O911EY4wYU — Yambino (@MalcolmXtra) June 28, 2015
#BlackOutPride Get corporations out of our pride. Keep news studios out of it. — Blue Bytes (@ActivistBlues) June 28, 2015
No more news coverage ever!! Oh wait..
Ooop. When your pride float gets stuck at intersectionality. #BlackOutPride — Francisco Luis (@FranciscoLWhite) June 28, 2015
Look at how noble and smug they are! LOL!
Solidarity with the black queer folks in Chicago who organized the #BlackoutPride action. Needs to happen at every pride nationwide — Francisco Luis (@FranciscoLWhite) June 28, 2015
Love will not win until the violence against our black and queer brothers and sisters is replaced with radical love. #blackoutpride — Nathaniel V (@Drummingsoul) June 28, 2015
Eight arrests at #blackoutpride. Jail support info coming soon. #Pride2015 pic.twitter.com/k5KoVpJo5s — puff the magic hater (@bullhorngirl) June 28, 2015
And to top it all off, there was a sinkhole!!!
The sinkhole at Barry and Broadway is 16 inches "and keeps moving" per officer on scene. #ChicagoScanner — Eric Tendian (@EricTendian) June 28, 2015
Sinkhole forming on or near the route at Barry and Broadway. #chicagoscanner — CWBChicago (@CWBChicago) June 28, 2015
God's judgment? Makes ya wonder…
And finally:
#pride Mayor Rahm Emanuel just got streaked at the pride parade! — Laura Washington (@MediaDervish) June 28, 2015
Sure. Why not. [h/t @prupaine]
Sometime in the 1300s a merchant in Genoa figured out they could make money by betting on cargo being lost at sea. Thus the modern insurance industry was born. Some sophistication and refinement aside, the basic insurance model hasn't changed much since.
But don't forget: we now live in the age of disruption! Startups in the insurance industry, or the “insurtech” sector, have seen new highs in funding this year, largely on the promise of revolutionizing the very way we think of insurance. Insurance, however, like most of the financial industry, may prove less disruptive than many founders and hypesters want you to believe. The core principles are built on relatively straightforward math, and math is hard to disrupt.
Essentially, Probability Of Bad Thing Happening x Amount Insurance Company Pays If It Happens = Risk Of Claim. The premium charged to the insured covers the risk, usually plus a bit extra. If the insurance company assesses risk well and has a large enough risk pool, it gets more money in premiums than it pays out in claims. That's called profit. If it screws up and pays more than it takes in, it loses money. That's called a tax write-off.
Casinos work the same way. Their basic model has also gone undisrupted for centuries. All because math is pretty consistent, no matter how much Internet and AI you throw at it.
Despite the inherent limitations, though, technology has changed and is changing certain aspects of the insurance industry. While some startups in the insurtech space are clearly demonstrating that business-as-usual is all but unavoidable, no matter how slick your insurance app is, others are showing signs that a few superficial changes can make a big difference in insurance outcomes – for consumers and providers. Whether or not this represents true “disruption”, as insurtech startups claim, is up for debate.
Lemonade
Lemonade launched with a $13M seed round in December of 2015, and according to their messaging is “the world's first Peer to Peer insurance carrier”. To date, they have yet to release a product or any concrete details on what their products might look like. We will hopefully see how revolutionary they are sometime this year, but there are a few reasons I'm not exactly waiting with bated breath for anything particularly disruptive.
Firstly, there is the fact that four executives from the established insurance industry joined the company within two months of its funding, and had presumably been approached at the time funding took place. It isn't that new insurance companies shouldn't be hiring old experts, but because these guys know the numbers better than anyone, I would be expected them to be less likely than new guns to take a major leaps in policy innovation.
Secondly, Lemonade's Peer-To-Peer insurance model isn't as revolutionary as they'd like you to think it is. Companies like AAA and USAA started off as members-only nonprofit insurers where every claim was paid out directly from the pooled premiums of the other members. If any balance was left at the end of the year, it was distributed back to the insured – I still get a dividend check back on my USAA auto policy every year. All of the members, or peers, got together and agreed to insure each other. The fact that we can do it over smartphones and screens instead of getting together in a cigar-soaked boardroom is a nice twenty-first-century touch, but it doesn't do anything to rattle the model.
A network of peers that never meets each other could actually hurt Lemonade's hopes, in fact. Part of their game plan is reducing the cost of premiums and servicing policies by reducing the number of fraudulent claims and excessive payouts. The thinking is that when you're part of the insurance “club” and your claim hurts everyone's bottom line, you are less likely to make a fraudulent claim or insist on a larger payout than you deserve. But if virtual social networks have proven anything, it's that we're really good at being inhumane when we aren't meeting face to face. P2P insurance will keep people honest like Facebook keeps people civil.
What Lemonade may do is make insurance easier to understand, simpler to sign up for, and more efficient to use. That's something any insurance company that gives a damn could also accomplish, but since Lemonade is promising it from the ground up there's more room to hope.
Oscar
Lemonade promises to be a “full stack” insurance provider. Full Stack, in this context, typically means auto, life, home/renters, property, and umbrella insurance. Health insurance is a horse of another color, and one that's been having an especially wild ride of late. With its startup take on medical coverage, Oscar is hoping to both take advantage of that volatility and smooth out the bumpy road. With nearly three-quarters of a billion dollars in funding since 2013—including $400M in private equity earlier this year—Oscar has certainly been hitting the healthcare world in a big way. After rolling out in four states though, they haven't shown much disruptive potential.
Their policies don't seem to bear any notable difference from those offered by more established insurers. The prices are comparable, too. Over the past year Oscar has been trying to cut costs (and eventually premiums) by cutting back on their provider networks, theoretically incentivizing providers to lower service costs in exchange for greater market share. The numbers haven't borne this strategy out. The end result has been no appreciable price decrease and fewer choices when it comes to providers.
These are problems that sound very familiar to anyone paying attention to the health insurance industry over the past few…evers. Because health insurance can't be disrupted in any meaningful way without disruption in the entire healthcare model from the middle out.
Both authentic free markets and single-payer, government-managed models of healthcare/health insurance “work”, despite some grim human consequences in the former and some heavy tax consequences in the latter. But our current system? Where we put for-profit insurance companies, who are incentivized to pay doctors as little as possible AND give patients as little care as possible, in the load-bearing middle? Do we really need to ask why we pay more for worse health outcomes than anyone else? The need for disruption is clear, but it can't be accomplished by being an insurance company.
Slice
Slice is the Uber for Insurance…for Uber Drivers. $3.9M in seed funding earlier this year is bringing this on-demand insurer for on-demand businesses closer to a consumer-facing launch. This is one insurtech startup that's actually taking a new approach in a new-ish space. Someone was bound to swoop in and try to solve the policy and legislative problems confronting companies like Uber, Lyft, and AirBnB; that someone of the moment is Slice.
Uber has been making the most prominent headlines for its legal battles in cities like Calgary and Austin and states like Ohio and Florida. The majority of the headaches (ignoring the antics of classically “disruptive” taxi drivers) have been because Uber's own insurance policy—and virtually all regular, non-commercial drivers' policies—won't necessarily cover passengers and/or drivers in the event of an accident. Slice steps in to fill the gap by providing on-demand insurance; the policy is only active when a driver is working an Uber call, or while an AirBnBer is renting out their afghan-covered futon, and so on.
Without a live product (no hard launch dates are available) it's hard to tell exactly how this will work, but presumably an API interface would track your Uber/Lyft/AirBnB time and charge you an accumulated flexible premium each month. Insurers know precisely when they're covering risk and how much they're covering, consumers get lower costs with a time-used pricing system, and governments get to rest easy knowing they won't be stuck with beefy medical bills and other debauchery.
Still, again, the basics of the insurance model isn't being changed at all. The ability to collect and automatically adjust to real-time data should make Slice's risk assessment more accurate, enabling them to charge consumers lower premiums and still make a profit. There is a technology-backed improvement to the service that will definitely impact consumers' insurance experience and as well as their wallets, but the underlying structure is the same as it always has been.
If Slice moved into offering standard auto insurance with the same time-used model, or if another auto insurer did the same, this would be significantly more disruptive to the auto insurance industry as a whole. I'd pay more the months where I take cross-country road trips, and virtually nothing the months I stay at home in the dark and wait for Domino's to leave my lava cakes on the porch. Insurers could use even more data to adjust risk calculations and floating premiums, too: time/miles driven, average speed, defensive techniques as measured by brake and turning patterns, maintenance records, etc.
The power of Big Data and on-demand data collection does have the potential to radically disrupt insurance in the auto industry, but Slice is only doing it for….well, a tiny slice of the industry as a whole. And self-driving cars will be bringing their own disruption soon enough, rendering this whole line of thinking largely moot.
Trōv
Trōv is another on-demand insurer that has launched on a pilot basis in Australia, and is hoping to roll out in the US this year. Trōv insures your stuff: phones, computers, instruments, bicycles, and more. You swipe the app to turn on coverage, you swipe the app again to turn off your coverage. The idea is that you can insure your laptop against damage while you're traveling, or your bicycle against being stolen when you're in class, but suspend the coverage during periods of low to no perceived risk.
The concept is nifty. It is insurance based on real-time data collection and a snappy user interface that makes insurance easy and even fun for consumers. When you consider the amount of blanket protection you can get for all of your stuff all the time for just $20-30 a month from a traditional insurance provider, though, the niftiness wears a little thin. You can buy item-specific insurance plans for cheap from a number of companies, too, and never have to wonder if you turned your policy on before you started frying bacon near your Stradivarius. So I'm still a touch skeptical.
Will this appeal to Millennial buyers who only own one or two things of value (not including their manbuns and their baseless feelings of pride and accomplishment)? Sure it will. It's an insurance app, and that makes it totally different from the boring old insurance offered by boring old insurers. In feel, anyway. In terms of financial benefits to consumers and threat to existing Insurance of Things providers, we'll have to wait and see how disruptive Trōv can be.
Small Change vs Big Money
Regardless of their individual success, Trōv and Slice's data-based disruptions are shining a light on how the insurance industry can make the most of modern tech, even if it won't allow them to change the fundamentals of how the industry turns a profit. Data collection and analysis tools are more prevalent, accurate, comprehensive, and powerful than ever before. No one can make better use of that kind of power than insurers. Their profits depend, directly and mathematically, on their ability to assess risks and assign them a monetary value. They're gathering data on a magnitude they've never seen before, and in the long run, that will strengthen their game.
Whoever makes use of that data the best will be the real disruptor of modern insurance. These startups have the marketing cachet to attract Millennial consumers, but I'm still betting on old money to come through in the end. Of course, I'll take insurance on that bet if the dealer is offering.
Vineyards are among the rural enterprises facing some of the steepest business rate rises in England Andrew Matthews/Press Association Archive
Rural enterprises will be among the biggest losers in the most radical reform of business rates for a generation.
Riding schools, livery yards, stud farms, vineyards and livestock markets are facing some of the steepest business rate rises in England, according to league tables seen by The Times.
Kennels and catteries, polo grounds, racecourses and racing stables will also be among the worst hit, when the new rates come into effect in April. The biggest winners include photo booths, bingo halls, cement and steel works and oil refineries, which will all receive a reduction in their bills.
Business rates — the commercial equivalent of council tax — are usually reset every five years, but a delay means that the government is adjusting rates to reflect seven years…
Looking a bit like a dolphin, but with a long slim snout filled with pointy teeth, one species of ichthyosaur was practically invisible in the murky depths of Jurassic seas, thanks to dark pigmentation that covered its entire body. That's one conclusion of a new study that provides an unprecedented peek at the coloration of sea creatures alive during or soon after the dinosaur era.
The new findings “are marvelous, so cool,” says Anne Schulp, a vertebrate paleontologist at the Naturalis Biodiversity Center in Leiden, the Netherlands, who wasn't involved in the research. “This is paleontology well beyond the bones, and [the team's] arguments make perfect sense.”
Soft tissues aren't often preserved in the fossil record. As a result, figuring out what ancient creatures looked like—and particularly what colors they might have been—was by necessity speculative. But in recent years, scientists have developed high-tech methods to map the chemical traces of soft tissues in the rocks surrounding fossils, which in turn have helped them visualize the remains of pigments—almost literally bringing prehistoric colors back to life. Most previous efforts have focused on fossil birds and preserved remnants of their feathers, says Johan Lindgren, a vertebrate paleontologist at Lund University in Sweden. Now, they and their colleagues have used those techniques to analyze the fossils of ancient marine reptiles.
For their study, the researchers looked at three sets of fossils (now housed in museums in Denmark, England, and Texas) of widely disparate creatures from different eras: a leatherback turtle that lived about 55 million years ago, a large predator called a mosasaur that lived about 86 million years ago, and an ichthyosaur that swam the seas between 190 million and 196 million years ago. (The ancestors of each of these creatures had once lived on land, so all three were air-breathers.) In all three fossils, outlines of soft tissue were preserved in the surrounding rock as dull black material. Paleontologists have long presumed such films to merely be carbon-rich remnants of tissues, Lindgren says. But a look at those materials with a scanning electron microscope revealed dense layers of tiny, rugby ball–shaped structures ranging between 0.5 and 0.8 micrometers long. These tiny bits are the same size and shape as the pigment-bearing structures (called melanosomes) found in the skin and scales of modern-day lizards and in the feathers of birds. Their ovoid shape suggests the pigments were black; melanosomes that lend a red or yellow color are typically spherical, Lindgren notes.
When the team bombarded the fossils with charged particles and then analyzed the particles that were knocked from the surface (a technique called time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry), they chemically identified the remnants of eumelanin, a pigment that typically lends a black or brown color to skin or feathers. The rocks surrounding the preserved tissues didn't contain the carbon-rich compounds, further suggesting the chemical remnants stem from preserved soft tissues and not ancient sediments, the team reports online today in Nature. Considering the concentrations of melanosomes the researchers found, even if the animals had other pigments that weren't ultimately preserved, the pigment-bearing areas would likely have been dark gray or black.
The overall pigment patterns in the fossils are very similar to those of modern-day sea creatures, the researchers note. In the leatherback turtle and the mosasaur, the pigments were concentrated on the upper surfaces of the animals' bodies. Studies suggest that this dark-above-and-light-below color scheme, known as countershading, helps provide camouflage, Lindgren says. When lit from above (as it would be when the animal was swimming in a normal posture) and seen from the side, the lighter underside would be in shadow, helping the creature blend into the background, they note. Because these creatures are air-breathers, they would have spent a substantial amount of time at the surface or in the shallow, well-lit portions of the seas.
But the ichthyosaur appears to have had dark pigments all over its body. That's unusual but not unknown among modern sea creatures, Lindgren says. The sperm whale is also dark all over—a color scheme that may help the fearsome predator hide in the gloomy depths where it typically forages.
The pigments may have served other purposes as well. Dark upper surfaces, in particular, help modern-day marine reptiles such as leatherback turtles absorb sunlight while they bask at the surface. That boosts the creatures' body temperatures, allowing them to grow faster and to forage for longer periods in cold waters.
The team's research “is very interesting, and it's not trivial,” says Mike Benton, a vertebrate paleontologist at the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom. “Several years ago, people would have said we'd never be able to tell what colors ancient creatures were,” they note. “But here we are.”
As if male-pattern baldness were not already a curse for self-conscious men everywhere, a Canadian research team is suggesting it could also strongly predict the risk of getting prostate cancer, and more serious cases of the disease.
The University of Toronto scientists even argue the extent of someone's hair loss might help doctors decide whether to carry out painful biopsies in marginal cases.
And, they say, it seems to be a much better predictor of risk than commercial genetic tests that cost thousands of dollars each.
“We were trying to be a bit provocative (about the genetic tests), but it's true,” said Dr. Neil Fleshner, head of urology at Toronto's Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and co-author of the study. “If you get it (baldness) early and you get a lot of it, those people are particularly at risk.”
There is no suggestion that being bald itself causes prostate cancer. But Fleshner and their colleagues theorize that high levels of male hormones like testosterone are linked to both vanishing hair and the prostate malignancy.
The most significant aspect of the association, in fact, may be what it says about the biological mechanisms behind prostate cancer, the second-most-common type to afflict men, they said.
Unusual as the juxtaposition of hair loss and cancer seems to be, theirs was not the first to make the link.
A study published last year by the U.S. National Cancer Institute found that men with moderate baldness were 83% – just under two times – more likely than those who weren't bald to die from prostate cancer.
The Toronto research was conducted among almost 400 men who had come to Princess Margaret for a prostate biopsy.
They were asked to rate their degree of baldness at both age 30 and currently on something called the Norwood scale, with scores for hair loss ranging from zero – for no balding – to four – severe balding at the “vertex,” or crown. A researcher verified the current score.
Just under half the men were diagnosed with cancer. And the researchers found that the less hair someone had, the greater the chance they had cancer.
Those who scored a three on the Norwood scale were just under three times as likely to have a malignant tumour as the non-bald, while those with a four on the scale were more than three times as likely to have cancer.
The greatly increased risk, and evidence of a “dose-response” relationship – the chances of having cancer increased steadily with the degree of hair loss – points to there being a real connection, said Fleshner.
The study also found that patients with the most advanced hair loss – a score of four – were three times as likely to suffer from higher-grade prostate cancer.
Fleshner suggested that doctors who are unsure of whether to take samples of the prostate to analyze for cancer – the current PSA blood tests are a notoriously imprecise indicator – could look to the patient's scalp for help.
“If they're on the borderline of whether to do a biopsy … you may want to take into account the added risk factor of the men's head of hair,” they said.
Controversy surrounds prostate-cancer diagnosis, with concern that many men undergo treatment – and face the potential of serious side effects – for cancers that would not have been life-threatening.
The National Cancer Institute study, though, suggested that more investigation was needed before using male-pattern baldness in cancer screening, partly because hair loss is so widespread among men.
Meanwhile, baldness does seem to be a stronger sign of prostate-cancer odds than genetic tests now available for purchase, which can point to at most a two-fold greater risk, said Fleshner.
Some research has found that both men with male-pattern baldness and with prostate cancer have elevated levels of testosterone, although the evidence is not conclusive.
National Post
tblackwell@nationalpost.com
Taco Bell is stepping up to take on the next generation of gringo tacos with a chain called U.S. Taco Co.
The new chain, which will debut in Huntington Beach this summer, is and isn't like its fast casual competitor Chipotle. There's no drive-thru and customers are going to end up dropping more money than they normally would for Fourth Meal (on average about $12 versus $7). But unlike Chipotle's build-your-own-burrito concept, the menu items are "chef-driven."
As its name suggests, U.S. Taco Co. is a very American take on tacos drawing from U.S. regional cuisine. We saw this coming and rolled our eyes a bit, but the gourmet taco loaded up with any kind of filling you can imagine (well, almost any kind of filling) has gone mainstream. Here's what's on the menu, according to Nation's Restaurant News:
On U.S. Taco Co.'s menu are offerings like the “Winner Winner,” which features Southern-style fried chicken breast with “SOB,” or “South of the Border” gravy, roasted corn pico de gallo with fresh jalapenos and fresh cilantro in a flour tortilla. The “One Percenter” features fresh lobster in garlic butter with red cabbage slaw and pico de gallo on crispy fry bread. The “Brotherly Love,” is a nod to the Philly Cheesesteak, with carne asada steak, grilled peppers and onions, roasted poblano queso and cotija cheese (rather than Cheez Whiz), and fresh cilantro in a flour tortilla. On the side: “papas fritas,” which resemble steak fries, coated with habanero dust and dipped in housemade sauces such as ghost chile ketchup or roasted poblano crema. Guests can also order their fries loaded with taco ingredients sans tortilla as a “secret menu” option.
The prices are gourmet, too: tacos will cost about $4 each. There will be craft beer, and shakes spiked with beer, like the "Mexican Car Bomb" (get it?), which features vanilla ice cream, tequila caramel sauce, chocolate flakes and Guinness Stout. But there are no margs, which is probably just as well at this point with prices for limes spiking.
And in keeping with the increasing commercialization of Dia De Los Muertos, the logo will be a calavera and the color scheme will be vibrant yet patriotic: red, white and blue.
Fossil fuel mogul and billionaire David Koch has stepped down from the board of New York's American Museum of Natural History after 23 years. They handed in their resignation at the December board meeting, but it just came to light late Wednesday.
Beka Econompoulos, the director of the pop-up Natural History Museum (not to be confused with the American Museum of Natural History) called Koch's departure “a victory for scientists, climate activists and museum professionals who have been calling for museum's to break ties with Koch and other fossil fuel interests.”
Last March, a letter signed by 148 leading scientists - including James Hansen and Danny Harvey, a professor of geography and climatology at the University of Toronto - called for Koch's resignation.
The letter argued that “David Koch's oil and manufacturing conglomerate Koch Industries is one of the greatest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Mr. Koch also funds a large network of climate-change-denying organizations, spending over $67 million since 1997 to fund groups denying climate change science.”
The letter continued: “When some of the biggest contributors to climate change and funders of misinformation on climate science sponsor exhibitions in museums of science and natural history, they undermine public confidence in the validity of the institutions responsible for transmitting scientific knowledge. This corporate philanthropy comes at too high a cost.”
Both a museum spokesperson and a Koch Industries spokesperson said that Koch's term had ended with the museum and that they were too preoccupied with trying to juggle being on 20 other boards, according to the New York Times.
Koch continues to sit as an Advisory Board member of the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History.
In the days ahead, National Observer will be offering a new look into the Koch brothers and their activities.
• The ending of Miller's Crossing makes even clearer reference to the immaculate final scene of The Third Man: a funeral, a protagonist abandoned by their car, who watches as the last person they care for in the world walks away down a dirt road hemmed by trees. (Yes, the love interest and best friend roles are inverted here, but you get the point.) And while it may be more of a stretch, I've always heard echoes of All the King's Men throughout the film as well, with Tom standing in for Jack Burden, Leo for Willie Stark, and Verna (Marcia Gay Harden) for Anne Stanton. And despite the different roles the locales play, “Miller's Crossing” sure seems to evoke “Burden's Landing.” Did I give this too much thought in my early twenties? Yes, I did.
• Of course, plenty of films that abound with clever references nonetheless make for lousy cinema. But Miller's Crossing is an aesthetic pleasure of the highest order on nearly every level. Begin with It's almost intolerably sumptuous cinematography, with reds and greens so deep one is in danger of falling into them. This was the last film that Barry Sonnenfeld shot for the Coens—and one for which they persuaded them to use long lenses instead of the wide-angle variety they had favored—and no one involved has mustered a better-looking work since. The production design by Dennis Gassner is comparably extraordinary: the long, long oak rooms with their endless oriental rugs and all the furniture seemingly tucked into one corner.
• And did I mention the score? It is not only the best work Carter Burwell has done for the Coens (or anyone else), it set a model that they would later follow for their almost-as-good scores for Fargo and True Grit: taking a traditional piece of music with some culturally relevant connection and using it as the central motif of the broader arrangement. In this case, it was the Irish ballad “Limerick's Lamentation.” (It's usually played on a fiddle, I think, but here's an interesting version on a hammered dulcimer.) Burwell's score has lived on since: It was used for the trailer of the (astonishingly bad) Melanie Griffith vehicle Shining Through as well as that of at least one other 1990s movie I can't quite recall at the moment. [Update: It came to me after publication that the trailer I was thinking of was for the 1995 movie Powder. In addition, I was reminded that the score was used in the trailer for The Shawshank Redemption(!) in 1994.] It also served, as I recently discovered, in an ad for Caffrey's Irish Ale. It is one of the truly great film scores of the last 30 years.
• Befitting its Hammettian roots, the plot of Miller's Crossing is fairly convoluted, a fact that is made all the more noticeable by the extraordinary informational density of the dialogue. Characters are discussed before they're introduced, unfamiliar slang (e.g., “twist” for woman) peppers the chatter, and the plot rarely slows down long enough to be usefully untangled. One exchange, following the attempt on Leo's life, is so abbreviated that it's almost as if the characters are speaking in code:
Tom: Who's winning?
Terry: We are, for the nonce.
Tom: What's the disposition?
Terry: Four to one. Dana Cudahy went up with the house.
Tom: And theirs?
Terry: One burned...
Tom: The other three...?
Terry: Lead...
Tom: Whose?
Terry: Leo's... the old man's still an artist with a Thompson.
One could make the case that this willful complicatedness is a flaw. (It is certainly true that Miller's Crossing benefits from a second—or probably 22nd—viewing.) But it is of a piece with the rest of the movie, which plays less like a classic gangster film than like a 99 percent pure, Heisenberg-quality, blue-crystal distillation of all the tropes and themes and moods of the classic gangster film. It is an intoxicating achievement in cinematic chemistry.
Explosion rips through gas pipeline near the town of Rastan in the Syrian province of Homs - the second time in less than a week.
An explosion ripped through a gas pipeline near the town of Rastan in the central Syrian province of Homs on Monday, according to a report by the Reuters news agency.
An eyewitness told the news agency that flames had been seen rising from the site. It was the second reported blast at an energy pipeline in Homs in a week. The first explosion in the same area occurred on Thursday.
Homs has been the focus of a crackdown by forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad on anti-regime protesters. Increased fighting has been reported in the area between the army and insurgents in the last few weeks.
Rastan is located some 15 miles north of the provincial capital of Homs on the main Damascus-Aleppo highway and was the site at the end of September of one of the first battles between army defectors and loyalist forces, Reuters reported.
Earlier it was reported that at least seven people were killed as the crackdown continued, according to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
In addition to Homs, the fighting was especially fierce in the northwestern province of Idlib and the southern Dara'a province as the general strike called by protesters in their campaign of civil disobedience entered its second day.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said Monday preparations are being made for an influx of refugees into Jordan as Syrians increasingly seek asylum in the neighboring Hashemite Kingdom from the violence.
An opposition leader quoted by Voice of America said Damascus had warned protesters in Homs to surrender their weapons and hand over army defectors by Monday night or facing a bombing campaign by the Syrian Army.
Nevertheless, Syria's Local Coordination Committee has urged local citizens to increase protests incrementally through sit-ins, closures and refusals to work in public offices.
A UN report released Monday said that close to 5,000 people have been killed in protests in Syria since last March. Over 14,000 people have been arrested, and over 12,000 have fled the country, the report said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK – A strong onshore flow and an approaching cold front will bring the return of showers across the region for the next few days. On top of this, a tropical system which could become Joaquin by Monday night, and will drift northwest before getting caught with the cold front on Thursday.
The moist flow off the ocean could bring some drizzle and fog Monday night. Temperatures will be in the mid to upper 60s.
Just to be clear, #TD11/TS #Joaquin will have a wider geographic impact than this implies. Think nor'easter, not TS. https://t.co/OHEIREgrov — Eric Holthaus (@EricHolthaus) September 28, 2015
On Tuesday, the morning fog will eventually burn off by midday. The cold front will start to make its way east reaching the Appalachians by the afternoon. That could bring a few scattered showers late in the day. Ahead of the front, expect it to be warm and humid with highs at around the 80-degree mark.
Eventually the front approaches and rain will become steady Tuesday night into Wednesday. The front will be enhanced by deep tropical moisture so the rain will be heavy at times dumping anywhere from 1-3”. Rainfall rates are also expected to be high at times, so flash flooding will be a concern across the region.
@EricHolthaus Basically, if you live anywhere from NC to Maine, consider buying an ark. Up to a foot of rain possible by next Monday. — Eric Holthaus (@EricHolthaus) September 28, 2015
Further down the road, we are watching a tropical system in the Atlantic Ocean. Tropical Depression 11 formed late on Sunday and is expected to become Tropical Storm Joaquin by Monday night. Current forecasts show the storm drifting northwest maintaining status as a tropical storm through Thursday.
The cold front that will pass through our region on Wednesday will “catch” the storm and drive it quickly up north on Friday as an “extratropical” low. That is just a fancy name stating that the storm loses its tropical characteristics. Regardless of this fact, this storm could bring another round of drenching rains from late Friday into part of the weekend.
There is a lot of uncertainty this far out on what this storm will do to our area. We do not know the extent of the rain across the region. On top of that, coastal and river flooding will be questionable. The exact details will have to be worked out for the next few days. We'll keep you up to date as we get closer.
Some bleak predictions from Morgan Stanley this morning including the forecast that UK profits could fall by 60% in the current downturn - a worse performance than the great depression of the 1930s.
UK equity strategist Graham Secker said this 60% decline assumes a £20bn loss from the banks. The performance would have been even worse if not for a £10bn boost to profits from foreign exchange movements. Secker is also now assuming no growth in 2010, and has also cut their forecast for the year end FTSE 100 level from 4300 to around the current level of around 3500. They write:
"We now forecast UK profits [will] fall by 60% across 2008 and 2009. While this sounds a rather draconian and hyperbolic downgrade, we believe it is realistic and incorporates the big losses that have come to light in the banking sector as well as a sharp drop in commodity prices (oil was $100 last September).
"Our forecasts assume that the banks sector makes around a £20bn loss in 2008 and 2009 and that the insurance sector makes no profit in 2008. The profile is much less severe if we strip out the banks – for example, our model suggests profits for the market ex-financials will fall 24% in 2009 post 15% growth in 2008.
"At this point we are also officially introducing a top-down 2010 earnings per share and dividends per share growth forecast of 0%. While this could be perceived as "fence-sitting", we think it accurately reflects both our uncertainties about the future and an underlying bias not to want to invest in assets based on the expectation of any economic or profit growth next year.
"If our expectation of a 60% peak-to-trough decline in UK profits is correct, this would mark an even worse outcome than that seen in the early 1930s when our data suggests profits fell by around 57%. However we do not consider this forecast unreasonable – prior to this downturn, we saw the biggest 5-year increase in corporate profits in the history of our data and hence it is not unreasonable to also expect the biggest bust.
"As bad as a 60% fall in profits is, it would have been even worse were it not for a big foreign exchange benefit. In the last six months US dollar/pound has fallen from 1.8 to 1.45 and, given the prevalence of US dollar reporters in the UK, this has boosted UK market earnings by around £10bn. On a 'constant currency basis' 2009 earnings would be nearly 10% lower than we currently forecast and hence our peak-to-trough drop would be approaching 70%. The most obvious example of this can be found in the energy sector where profits are set to fall 70% in US dollar terms on our analysts' forecast (oil price averages $35 this year), yet by just 50% in sterling terms.
"The sustained weakness in equity markets in recent months suggests that traditional equity valuations are rather irrelevant at the current time. In the second half of last year, this was partly due to the over-riding dominance of investor de-leveraging, in our view. In more recent times, however, we suspect that the irrelevance of valuations owes more to a complete lack of investor confidence in the correct level of earnings, dividends and even book value."
An intriguing report says German automaker Audi and Italian superbike company Ducati are on the verge of a tie-up that would put Audi into the motorcycle business. Anyone want a Ducaudi?
Nothing is final, but Car is reporting that Ducati gave Audi an exclusive first chance at buying the Italian company for a price of around $1.2 billion.
The acquisition of Ducati by Audi makes a peculiar sort of sense when you start breaking down the various moving parts. Car is reporting that Ducati has around a $1 billion in liabilities, which means Ducati is only asking for somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 to $200 million. Volkswagen apparently wants a bike brand for the Volkswagen Group, and Audi is neither as lofty as Lamborghini nor as common as VW.
Finally, the current Ducati chairperson seems to think of their company's bikes as two-wheeled Audis anyways. Others are making bids for Ducati, but can apparently only buy the brand if Audi says NEIN!
When the leftwing senator challenging the Democratic frontrunner talks class, corruption and greed their middle-aged midwestern audience cannot get enough
Bernie Sanders is on their third speech of the day, drenched in sweat, and losing their voice from calling for the overthrow of America's “billionaire class”.
“Brothers and sisters, you are not living in a democracy; you are living in an oligarchy,” the leftwing Democratic presidential candidate tells an audience of Iowa supporters enthralled by their stinging attack on campaign finance and corporate lobbying. “People fought and died to defend American democracy and I will be damned if I am going to let them take that away from us.”
In theory, Sanders's campaign for the presidential nomination in 2016 breaks all the rules of modern politics.  They are angry, dishevelled and making no attempt to soften their message for the tiny handful of TV cameras that have shown up.
This unabashed “democratic socialist” from Brooklyn via Vermont, which they represent as an independent US senator, talks about class, corruption and the pathological greed of the rich. Yet the middle-aged, midwestern audience greeting them here in one of the most conservative states in the country cannot get enough of it. “Welcome to the political revolution,” Sanders says to another loud cheer.
The large, adoring crowds are not new. Sanders first captured national attention this summer by filling venues with up to 20,000 supporters in liberal bastions like Portland, Oregon.
A succession of opinion polls showed them catching and then overtaking the establishment frontrunner Hillary Clinton in the early primary state of New Hampshire – injecting sudden drama into a race that most pundits had initially decided was barely worth following compared with the excitement of the enormous Republican field, currently dominated by business person and TV personality Donald Trump.
But what is new is the sight of Sanders challenging Clinton in Iowa, the first state to choose a candidate – in caucuses held on 1 February – and the scene of their humiliating defeat by Barack Obama in 2008.
In a shock poll this week conducted in Iowa for the Des Moines Register, Sanders moved to within seven percentage points of the former secretary of state, on 30% to their 37%. Only recently, Clinton commanded impregnable leads in Iowa of more than 50 points.
Clinton is still comfortably ahead in national polling, but the prospect that they could, conceivably, have to recover their campaign momentum after losing both the Iowa caucus and then the New Hampshire primary in quick succession is a deeply troubling one for them
For Sanders supporters, here is evidence, perhaps, that they have appeal beyond the liberal coasts and union strongholds that have hosted their big rallies to date. That progressive base is deceptively niche, and has briefly fuelled the hopes of past Democratic firebrands such as Howard Dean, only to see them burn out on the prairies of Iowa.
But Sanders campaign aides say the Iowa poll was the best news they had received for months, and a satisfying retort to those who claim they only does well in New Hampshire because it neighbours their own state of Vermont.
Whether Sanders, who turns 74 on Tuesday, has the staying power to take not just the tiny number of delegates on offer from these early-voting states, but also the large numbers from big population centres like New York and California is another matter entirely.
Nevertheless, it is fair to say their success so far was not in the Democratic party script.
As with the surprise success of Jeremy Corbyn in the leadership contest for Britain's Labour party, Sanders is forging a powerful alliance of younger voters and older activists with an economic message that appeals across the country.
Their speeches talk of how “the redistribution of trillions of dollars into the hands of the very rich”, has left the top one-tenth of one per cent owning almost as much wealth as the bottom 90% of Americans.
“The great middle class of this country, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing for the last 40 years,” Sanders tells another enthusiastic crowd in the Iowa college town of Grinnell.
Indeed, some of their ideas for fixing this broken American dream echo Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal in the 1930s – most notably a $1tn investment in public infrastructure, which Sanders claims would create 16m new jobs.
Other ideas draw inspiration from modern industrialised countries, including establishing America's first system of paid family and medical leave, universal healthcare, free college tuition and public funding of elections.
All would be a radical departure for the US, and additional proposals to break up Wall Street banks and overturn free trade deals would no doubt cause consternation in corporate America were Sanders ever elected to the White House.
But, crucially, they argue that none of these ideas are extreme by international or historical standards – only in comparison with the unfettered turbo-capitalism that has taken root in recent US history.
“These are not radical ideas,” insists Sanders. “They are understood in virtually every major country on earth.”
They also go down surprisingly well with middle Americans, many of whom feel so badly left behind by the current economic recovery that only bold steps will do.
“More and more people are waking up to the fact that middle-class people are really struggling,” says Tom Gross, a 58-year-old former power plant worker from nearby Amana who travelled to the Grinnell rally. “This is the middle of the country, you'd think it would be hardcore conservative, but he's turning out the people.”
Grinnell, Iowa
Their partner, Carmen Grimm, a 57-year-old pharmacy technician, also sums up the Sanders appeal to millennials and their parents.
“I have two sons and part of what Bernie speaks to me about is how concerned I am about their ability in today's economy to pay off their student loans,” they say. “How they will ever – not even really get ahead – but just do a little more than stay afloat.”
Plenty of other candidates are making similar pitches, but little manage it as authentically as Sanders.
“Bernie is Bernie, he's down to earth and he's not for special interests,” explains Chris Uhlenhopp, a 67-year-old former labourer at the nearby Maytag appliances factory, which once employed 2,000 people. “I won't go from Bernie to Hillary,” they add. “I'd stay in bed if we had Hillary [on general election day].”
This attitude is helping Sanders match Clinton's prodigious fundraising and party machinery in Iowa.
While the former New York senator is attacked for their wealthy fundraisers and historic links to Wall Street, Sanders proudly boasts of persuading 400,000 small donors to give them an average of $31.20 each, and has signed up 100,000 campaign volunteers.
During their swing through the state on Thursday, they stopped to open a new campaign office in Ottumwa, packed to overflowing with wide-eyed students and grizzled party veterans.
A key part of their stump speech at such gatherings is to point out how Obama went wrong by not converting their own grassroots campaign network into a post-election movement that could effect lasting change.
“No president, not the best you can imagine, can do it unless we have millions of Americans involved in a strong grassroots movement,” Sanders tells the Ottumwa campaign workers.
“Real change – whether it is the civil rights movement, the women's movement, the gay movement or the environmental movement – real change never comes because some guy sitting in the Oval Office says: ‘Oh gee, I think that's a good idea.' Real change only happens when millions of people stand up and demand their human rights.”
Like Obama, Sanders believes they can overcome scepticism that their policies are not mainstream enough by focusing on voter turnout rather than the centre ground.
“When people say ‘politics is crap, I'm not going to get involved',” they urge campaign staff, “you tell them that if the Koch brothers are prepared to spend $900m on this campaign maybe they understand something that everybody in America should understand: politics is real, it will impact every person's life and if we do not get involved they will control what goes on.”
But while the Obama message was packaged in a slick, charismatic campaign that employed modern political methods, Sanders revels in their self-confessed “grumpiness”.
With a thick Brooklyn accent so gravelly it sounds like they swallowed a bag of pebbles before coming on stage, they tell the crowd in Burlington later that night that they are less about change and more about revolution.
“The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics, sick and tired of establishment economics and sick and tired of establishment media,” they say as a freight train hoots hauntingly in the distance. “They want to see a government in which the American people and the middle class are represented rather than big money interests.”
And despite the overwhelming consensus in Washington that their campaign will ultimately flame out much like that of Dean, when Sanders talks about what they will do when they are in the White House, there is a feeling in the crowd that this is not such a laughable idea.
“When we stand together we win because there are a helluva lot more of us than there are of them,” concludes the Vermont insurgent. “We have a very simple message to the billionaire class: you cannot have it all.”
$41 Billion: The total amount of money on gift cards that went, or is likely to go, unspent from 2005 to 2011.
Gift cards are becoming an increasingly popular holiday present, but as the market grows in value the question of what happens to money that goes unspent still looms large.
Some 80% of respondents to a National Retail Federation survey said they planned to buy gift cards during the 2011 holiday season, while for the fifth year in a row they remain the most requested present with 58% of shoppers saying they'd like to receive a gift card. The market for gift cards is growing along with their popularity. Financial-consulting firm TowerGroup estimates that gift-card sales will reach $100 billion in 2011.
Consumers aren't the only ones who love gift cards. The retail industry also has many reasons to embrace them. Stores can't count money received from the gift givers who purchase the cards as revenue until they're redeemed, but this offers a number of benefits. First, it sets up a source of cashflow in the weeks after the holidays as recipients make their way to stores to spend the money on their cards.
Gift-card redemptions also often further add to retailers' coffers. As anyone who's used iTunes can attest, it's awfully hard to spend exactly $15 or $25 on items that cost 99 cents or have sales tax added. Analyst Brian Riley of TowerGroup estimates that more than a third of gift-card purchases go over the face value of the card.
The vast majority of the money put on gift cards gets redeemed, but Riley estimates that since 2005 $41 billion in money on gift cards has been lost or is likely never to be cashed in. The lion's share of money lost on gift cards from 2005-2009 came from fees and expiration dates. All that changed with the passage of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 that was signed into law last year. The Act largely forbids fees on cards sold by retailers (cards given away as promotional items can still charge fees), and it prohibits expiration dates less than 5 years after the card is purchased.
But what happens when the purchases go under the face value and then sit in the junk drawer in perpetuity, or when grandma, who can barely check their AOL email, gets an Amazon.com card that she'll never redeem? Some $3.4 billion of the $41 billion lost on gift cards from 2005-2011 resulted from cards being lost or simply left unused. The Credit CARD Act doesn't do much to address that, and as the market grows that number will grow along with it.
SF library book returned, 100 years overdue
Librarian Luis Herrera holds the book “Forty Minutes Late” at the San Francisco Public Library's Park Branch in the Haight. It was returned during the Fine Forgiveness Program. Librarian Luis Herrera holds the book “Forty Minutes Late” at the San Francisco Public Library's Park Branch in the Haight. It was returned during the Fine Forgiveness Program. Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 29 Caption Close SF library books returned, 100 years overdue 1 / 29 Back to Gallery
Webb Johnson of Fairfield returned a San Francisco library book Friday, 100 years late. There was no fine.
“Whew,” Johnson said.
The book, a collection of short stories published in 1909, had been checked out by their great-grandmother Phoebe Webb in 1917 from the old Fillmore branch which, like their great-grandmother, is no longer around.
Head City Librarian Luis Herrera welcomed the book back and said the library was very glad to get it, finally. At the 2017 rate of 10 cents a day, the overdue fine would have come to $3,650. Fortunately for Johnson, fines on overdue books are now capped at $5. And under the library's current amnesty program for overdue books, there's no fine at all.
The amnesty program has gotten 2,000 overdue books back onto library shelves since it began Jan. 3. About 1,400 delinquent borrowers have had their library privileges restored. An additional 54,000 patrons with accumulated fines of $10 or more are still walking around with suspended library cards. Under the amnesty program, they have until Feb. 14 to turn in their books with no penalty.
Amnesty programs — which San Francisco also offered in 2009, 2004 and 1998 — are somewhat controversial in the generally noncontroversial world of libraries. Some say that when libraries are known to forgive and forget every few years, it offers little incentive to return overdue books at other times. But Herrera said it was all about getting books back in the library where they belong, not about collecting a dime or two or 36,500.
Johnson said a check of family history showed that their great-grandma had died one week before the book was due. The timing suggests that Webb may have had more pressing business to attend to at the time than returning the book, they said.
The amnesty came in handy because Johnson said they had discovered the overdue book in 1996 and had hung onto it ever since. That means “Forty Minutes Late” has been unintentionally late for 79 years and deliberately late for 21 years.
“We figured it was ours now,” Johnson said. “I'm guilty. I know it. Guilty, guilty, guilty.”
The book is by F. Hopkinson Smith, an author, artist and engineer who designed the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty. The first story in Smith's collection is about a cranky man who nearly misses a speaking engagement because of a late train. The author, in the story, suggests there are worst sins than being late, such as being cranky — a notion that Johnson says they fully endorse.
Conscience, along with the amnesty program, persuaded them to bring the book back. Another reason they brought it back is their cousin Judy Wells wanted to check it out.
They showed up at the Park Branch Library on Page Street on Friday along with Johnson. After Johnson handed the overdue book back to the library, Wells stepped up to the circulation desk and applied for a library card. They figured they could go right home with “Forty Minutes Late” again, for three weeks or 100 years, whichever comes first.
But Herrera, perhaps reluctant to entrust the volume to the extended Webb-Wells-Johnson family for another century, said “Forty Minutes Late” would be temporarily unavailable until it could be properly re-cataloged and evaluated by library historians.
“I can wait,” Wells said.
Steve Rubenstein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SteveRubeSF
I grew up as the daughter of a career U.S. Air Force fighter pilot. I lived in eight states, one U.S. territory and one foreign country, and I attended 12 different schools.
I learned to make friends quickly and to get along with people of different ethnicities and cultures. However, my way of life had its costs.
Chief among the costs were the educational adjustments I had to make every time we moved to a different state. Along with unpacking and making new friends, I had to adjust to the fact that my new school was never teaching the same thing at the same grade level as my old school. Sometimes curricula were off by an entire grade level.
In 2011, I was teaching seventh-grade math and serving on the Springfield Public Schools Math Curriculum Development Committee. We were reviewing the math Common Core State Standards and developing a curriculum to teach to these standards.
I was glad to see reasoning and analytical thinking emphasized, and fewer topics covered in greater depth than in our previous standards. I was also glad that mobile families would not have to struggle with disparate state standards as mine had.
Implementation of new standards, Common Core or not, are bound to produce some growing pains. Other states that have implemented Common Core have had problems with new textbooks hurried to the printer before sufficient editing, and new tests given before students and teachers have had time to prepare.
But I have been disheartened to see the misinformation that is being circulated about the Common Core. Here are some of the more common myths:
Myth: Common Core is a federal takeover of education.
Fact: Common Core State Standards were not developed by the U.S. Department of Education, and adoption of them is not a requirement for receiving federal funds.
Myth: Common Core is a national curriculum.
Fact: Common Core standards are standards, not a curriculum. A curriculum is a mix of textbooks, resources and activities to help students meet established standards, and is developed by teachers and administrators at the state and local level.
Myth: Common Core will require more high-stakes testing.
Fact: In Missouri, Common Core Assessments will replace the Missouri Assessment Program tests, given once a year, in English and math. No additional testing will occur as a result of Common Core.
Myth: Common Core will require states to collect private student information and report it to the federal government.
Fact: Common Core standards will not require any additional data collection. The Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education has been collecting student data since 1989. Only aggregate data, with the exception of certain data on migrant students, is forwarded to the federal Department of Education.
For more on Common Core State Standards and their implementation in Missouri, go to www. missourilearningstandards.com andwww.corestandards.org.
I hope that reasonable people will see the benefits of common state standards to students in a mobile and global world, and not be fooled by those who spread misinformation for political gain.
Debbie Good lives in Springfield.
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/1jjgzkQ
By Derrick Broze
Newly released court deposition videos show senior CIA officials calmly explaining how and why they authorized brutal torture methods.
The possibility of justice inches closer for victims of the Central Intelligence Agency's torture techniques as the American Civil Liberties Union releases new video of two senior officials discussing their involvement. The ACLU originally filed a lawsuit against James Mitchell and John Bruce Jessen in October 2015, accusing them of operating a “joint criminal enterprise” via their creation and promotion of violent torture methods.
Both men are former U.S. military psychologists who are seen as the “architects” of the CIA's torture program. They served in the U.S. military's Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape program (SERE), teaching U.S. troops how to resist and survive torture in the event of capture by foreign nations. SERE was supposed to help troops understand torture techniques while Jessen and Mitchell supervised their mental state. After 9/11, the psychologists were tasked with designing and developing the CIA's detention, rendition, and interrogation operations. Using their knowledge of how to resist torture, the two reverse-engineered the SERE program to create a new program that would break detainees' mental state in the hopes of creating loose-lipped zombies. By the (alleged) end of the program, Mitchell, Jessen & Associates were paid more than $80 million in taxpayer money.
The ACLU filed the suit in defense of three men who endured the torture methods created by Jessen and Mitchell. Two of the men, Suleiman Abdullah Salim and Mohamed Ben Soud, actually survived the torture. Gul Rahman was not so lucky. They died from hypothermia as a result of their torture. None of the men were ever charged for a crime despite being kidnapped and forced to endure sleep deprivation, water torture, ear splitting music, stressful positions, and beatings. The ACLU is fighting the case as a violation of the Alien Tort Statute, a law which allows lawsuits from victims of human rights violations at the hands of government. The defendants are asking the court to find that the psychologists were liable for aiding and abetting the illegal program.
In early October, U.S. District Court Senior Judge Justin Quackenbush ruled CIA officials would have to face questions under oath. Shortly after Donald Trump became president their administration made efforts to block CIA officials from testifying, including Gina Haspel, the agency's new deputy director. The administration is attempting to use the state secrets privilege, claiming that revealing this information would damage national security. The Trump administration is seeking to block the testimony of Gina Haspel and a still unidentified official described as “John/Jane Doe.”
Haspel, who was chosen by Trump as the CIA's deputy director, is accused of running one of the CIA's secret detention sites in Thailand and having a direct role in the torture of the defendants. According to a recent article by John Kiriakou, a former CIA counterterrorism officer, Haspel was responsible for allowing some of the most brutal torture methods despite a lack of new information provided by the detainees. Kiriakou also accuses Haspel of directly overseeing the staff in Thailand, including Mitchell and Jessen. Kiriakou themselves served 23 months in prison after pleading guilty to blowing the whistle about Bush administration waterboarding and torture of detainees.
With such resistance to this case and previous lawsuits brought forth by victims of CIA torture it is clear the Deep State players do not want the public to know the depths of their depravity. As the ACLU notes, “Salim v. Mitchell, however, marks the first time the program's victims have been able to litigate their claims.” The case hinges on the role of Mitchell and Jessen. Although the two men have not yet been forced to testify, two CIA officials recently gave a deposition that offers a first-hand look at the callous disregard for human life that is exhibited by the people making these decisions.
Lawyers with the ACLU and Gibbons law firm questioned Jose Rodriguez, former director of the CIA's Counterterrorism Center, and John Rizzo, acting general counsel at the agency for most of the program. Rodriguez has been a vocal defender of the CIA torture program. One of the most contentious elements of the program is the fact that Mitchell and Jessen had no experience with this kind of work. In fact, the techniques promoted by the psychologists had only ever been tested with dummies. According to a 2014 Senate report on CIA torture “neither psychologist had experience as an interrogator, nor did either have specialized knowledge of al-Qa'ida, a background in terrorism, or any relevant regional, cultural, or linguistic expertise.”
When questioned about whether or not they hired Jessen, Rodriguez simply states, “yes.” When asked why they would hire two inexperienced people for the job, Rodriguez replies, “I just took it for granted that they knew what they were doing.” When pressed further on what they did to verify the claims made by the two psychologists, the former director said, “Nothing.”
Part of the reason the public is still in the dark about torture is because of the actions of Jose Rodriguez. In 2005 they ordered the destruction of more than 90 videotapes that showed detainees undergoing waterboarding and other torture methods. When questioned about why they ordered the videos destroyed, Rodriguez offers nothing but a sad excuse. “It would make the CIA look bad, and almost, in my view, destroy the clandestine service because of it.” No regard to morality or even law, but rather, acting from what will or will not make the State and its spy agencies look good.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
When asked what they meant by “learned helplessness,” Rizzos coldly responds, “I don't know. Frankly, my interest was in getting results. Not in a psychological state.”
John Rizzo had a hand in George W. Bush's still-secret authorization of international detention centers ran by the CIA. During their questioning they were asked about a process known as “Declination of Prosecution,” which essentially means the authorities can do whatever they please without fear of reprisal.
What I remember, is that in one of my meetings with the Department of Justice. I posed the question whether a DOP was feasible.
“DOP is a request that even if a criminal law is violated the DOJ not prosecute?” the ACLU asks.
Yes, that was my understanding.
Dixie and Daisy, a pair of appaloosas from Wagonwheel Ranch in Val Therese, are star equines, at the ranch and in the community, known for their gentle ways and carting families by sleigh and wagon at winter carnivals and Canada Day festivities.
The sisters are making different headlines today after being taken from the Kenneth Avenue ranch and ridden into Sudbury along Highway 69 North.
After police were notified, the animals were retrieved by their owners, grazing on a small patch of grass near Tim Hortons at the corner of Notre Dame Avenue and Lasalle Boulevard.
Dixie and Daisy, both about 12 years old, are in their prime, said owner Kim Bertrand, and didn't break a sweat after being taken from a field, into the tack shop where they were saddled and then ridden into the city.
Greater Sudbury Police Service arrested and charged two girls, one 12 and one 14, and held them for a bail hearing on several charges.
The girls were charged with break, enter and theft, trespassing by night, two counts of theft, two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal and mischief endangering life.
The horses were tired but uninjured after their journey. Still, Bertrand said it is extremely dangerous riding horses at night, let alone along a busy highway. The girls were safety-conscious enough to put on riding helmets, though.
Kim was stunned to be awakened at 6:30 a.m. by police officers, who told them some of their horses had been found near Tim Hortons at the busy intersection.
It took a few minutes for the news to sink in, then Bertand ran out to check to see if the ranch's remaining 23 horses were there.
Andre quickly hooked up a truck and trailer, and drove to the city to get the horses, which their father, Phillip Bertrand, had secured.
On the way, they saw horse manure on the roadway, indicating the girls had ridden the horses on the highway.
Daisy and Dixie got into the trailer as nonchalantly as if they had completed one of their public appearances, said Kim.
They estimate it would have taken the girls between three and four hours to walk the horses the 16 kilometres from their ranch to the intersection.
"It's a miracle those girls didn't get hurt," said Bertrand of the alleged horse thieves.
One of the girls charged is known to the Bertrands, and Kim said they can't imagine what possessed the pair to take the horses.
When police stopped the girls atop the horses, Kim said they told police they had permission from WagonWheel to have the horses, who are well known because of their public outings.
Wagonwheel is a second-generation ranch that has been in the family for more than 40 years, said Bertrand, previously owned by their father-in-law.
A family-oriented centre, the idea of starting to "lock down things is ludicrous," said Bertrand, about future security at the ranch, and that includes horses. They don't want to live that way, in fear, nor do they want their children, aged 12 and 15, to live in that kind of atmosphere.
Still, they were planning to call their insurance company to make sure the animals are adequately covered because the ranch is the family's livelihood.
Dixie and Daisy came to live at Wagonwheel about six years ago, by way of Chelmsford, originally coming from Thessalon.
Gentle and kind, "these are celebrity horses," said Bertrand. "I can put children on these horses and not worry for a second."
Even police officers themselves "were still shaking their heads, kind of like: ‘You're not going to believe this, but …' " when they came to their door, said Bertrand, admitting they thought the whole thing was a prank at first.
Aside from not understanding what prompted the horse theft, Bertrand is puzzled about why someone didn't call police sooner.
"How come nobody thought to call the police earlier?"
The Bertrands depend on Daisy, Dixie and the other 23 horses for their livelihood, but "it goes deeper than that," said Bertrand. " These are our extended family. We've had them for years."
Oddly enough, this isn't the first time horses have been taken from WagonWheel by youngsters.
About 20 years ago, two boys took two horses from the ranch, and rode them into Val Caron in an attempted break-and- enter, said Bertrand. Not surprisingly, the young culprits were quickly caught when a Val Caron resident recognized the animals.
– – –
MORE INFO
Two female youths are charged with the following offences:
* break, enter and theft;
* trespassing by night;
* two counts of theft;
* two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal;
* mischief endangering life.
If you're too drunk to consent to sex, how do you know you didn't say yes and just don't remember it?
That is the difficult question in a sex assault trial that involves the rare use of surveillance video as evidence. The videos were taken at a Toronto bar, club and hotel last summer.
In the first video from July 18, 2015, a young woman is seen celebrating a birthday with friends at the club Lost and Found, located near King and Bathurst streets.
They later goes to the nearby Everleigh, where they meet a man.  They are seen on video pouring vodka down their throat twice, slapping them on the buttocks and grinding against them on a couch.
The videos have been entered into evidence in the sex assault trial against 31-year-old Moazzam Tariq. Tariq was arrested on July 20, 2015 and charged with one count of sexual assault. They have pleaded not guilty.
0731 13:27 Man Chrgd In Sxl Asslt Invst, Moazzam Tariq, 27, Pol Beli…y Be Or Victims http://t.co/3PUlHbnfG4 — Toronto Police (@TorontoPolice) July 31, 2015
During closing statements, Crown lawyer Jill Witkin alleged “the accused grabs them and pulls them around the table and pours vodka down their throat. That is the first physical contact they have. The accused slaps them butt.”
Court heard that while that was happening, the woman was on the phone to a friend who was at the Thompson Diner.
The accused doesn't appear to be drunk,” Witkin said to the judge during their closing. “He is standing vertically, speaking, dancing around, talking and they are practically asleep.”
The woman is seen on video stumbling out of the Everleigh with the accused trying to assist them down some stairs. The pair make their way to the Thompson Toronto where they are next captured on the hotel security cameras. Instead of going to the restaurant, the man can be seen stopping at the front desk to allegedly book a room.
“There is no interaction from the video that would make you reasonably accept that they were interested in the accused,” Witkin told the judge.
The woman and man are then seen by the elevator camera.
Court heard the woman has no memory of what happened that night only a quick flash where “she recalls them being on top of them and them saying ‘no' on a few occasions.”
“She wakes up in the morning and the first thing, when they realize where they are, they say they feel violated, feels like someone penetrated them  They are emotional and upset and goes to the police that same day,” Witkin told the judge.
The Crown wrapped up its case saying “she did not have capacity to consent and, in fact, did not consent. It is inconceivable that they would have consented to sex with the accused, roughly 20 minutes after meeting him.”
But defence lawyer Danielle Robitaille, who worked with Marie Henein during the Jian Ghomeshi trial, said the woman was performing tasks that would have required cognitive capacity immediately before entering the hotel room.
The defence argued these actions included carrying on conversations, blotting their body with a napkin, adjusting their pants, and keeping track of their purse and phone.
“She manages to keep their belongings together and is aware of their body in the world,” Robitaille countered during their closing arguments.
In court Judge Mara Greene said the video clearly shows, to some degree, the level of impairment of the female.
“There could be a number of explanations for why they look so sleepy in that elevator,” argued Robitaille. “Conscious, capable adults are allowed to look a little sleepy, before they engage in sex.”
Robitaille told the judge the question is whether they were able to give an informed decision, not whether they regretted the decision or would have made the same decision if they were sober.
“There is not enough detail in the ‘flash memory' to give comfort that this is something that actually happened and that they are remembering it accurately,” Robitaille told the court.
The judge only trail, which last for four days has concluded. Justice Greene will deliver a verdict on Oct. 7.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Kanadaya The BEST RAMEN in London?
I am a picky eater when it comes to Ramen. Ramen has often been associated with the most exciting food experiences of my life, as well as some of the most disappointing. The first being in Japan, the second being in London.
Over the years, Ramen restaurants have flourished in London and you will find a lot of restaurants offering what they describe as “Authentic” Ramen. The broth is often faded, the noodles plain, the pork dry and tasteless.
I have often heard and read about Kanadaya. Foodies and bloggers of London have often cited KanadaYa as the best Ramen restaurant in town. As with great reviews come great responsibilities. I have been avoiding KanadaYa too afraid to be disappointed by a London Japanese restaurant once again.
On a rainy Saturday, after some shopping around Chinatown, i was really craving for an authentic Japanese Ramen, so it was time to give KanadaYa a go.
Is KanadaYa really the Best Ramen in London?
KanadaYa: the restaurant
KanadaYa is a famous Ramen Shop located in the heart of London at St Giles High street near Tottenham court Road tube station.
Kanada-Ya originates from the Fukuoka prefecture in Japan. The name of the restaurant derivates from the name of their founder Kanada San. The legend says that Kanada-San was a professional Keirin racer (Cycle racing) who after a shoulder injury decided to become a Ramen master.
After several attempts to master the perfect broth, a visit to a Ramen school and years of practice and devotion Kanada-san opened in 2008 the first KanadaYa restaurant in the city of Yukuhashi.
Their Ramen shop quickly became one of the most popular in Japan.
KanadaYa opened their first restaurant in London in September 2014 and has now two locations in the city: The original venue in 64 St Giles High street and, following the success of their first Restaurant another one has opened end of 2015 in Haymarket, 3 Panton Street.
You can read more about the story of Kanadaya on their website.
What you need to know about KanadaYa St Giles High Street (the one i have visited), is that the restaurant does not take reservation and has a small seating capacity (around 20+). People often queue outside of KanadaYa in order to get a seat.
The Menu
The menu at Kanadaya revolves around Ramen. They offer 6 different types of Ramen from traditional Tonkotsu and Chashu-men to more original creations such as the Spicy Yuzu Ramen or Truffle Ramen.
Looking at the Ramen menu, we can notice that they advertise the broth to be, 18 hours homemade bone broth developed by their Ramen Master Mr.Kanada from Fukuoka Japan. We can now understand the importance of Tonkotsu Ramen at KanadaYa as the Tonkotsu Ramen originated from Fukuoka. It is an important distinction to make for Ramen-Addict. As you might know the Tonkotsu ramen's broth is usually on the Kottori (rich) side of heaviness in opposition to the Assari broth being lighter.
When ordering your Ramen you can choose the hardness of your noodle whether you like them Extra hard, hard, regular or soft (They do recommend you to order them hard). It is a common set up of Japan, and the sign of a good Ramen restaurant.
The price of the Ramen varies from £10.50 to £14.
Topping and extras are also available to order with your Ramen: Kaedama, Hanjuku Egg, Extra seaweed, Karamiso, Ma-yu and Spicy Yuzu paste.
In addition to the Ramen, KanadaYa serves small plates of dishes such as Kaarage (Japanese fried chicken), Edamame or Aburi Chashu (Pork belly). They also sell a plate of white rice with pork (Chashu-Don) and several types of Onigiri (Japanese rice ball).
One thing I like with the menu at KanadaYa is the fact that there are only a few items, which implies that they focus only on what they can do best. You do not have this trend of offering hundreds of items as it is the case in other Ramen shops in London. (The more items i see on a menu, the more careful i am about the quality of the food and the ingredients!).
My review: The Chashu-men
As mentioned above, i have visited KanadaYa on a Saturday afternoon, after a vital urge for authentic Japanese ramen. I went there at 4:45, fifteen minutes before the 5pm reopening and people were already queueing in front of the restaurant. Good sign!
After a look at the menu, i decided that i would try their Chashu-men (one of my favourite type of Ramen) with an additional Hanjuku egg. The service was super quick and my order arrived in 5 minutes with a cheerful smile.
First of all in terms of presentation, when the Chashu-men arrived it was looking like a proper Ramen (Finally!)! A sleek presentation with the right amount of toppings and an attractive creamy broth. I was ready for the tasting!
Let's focus on the Broth first. It is for me the key element of a Ramen. A good broth can save bad noodles and pork, but a flavourless broth will ruin your Ramen experience no matter what.
In this case, the broth of the Chashu-men has been served at perfect temperature. In terms of thickness and creaminess, the broth was well balanced for a Chashu-men, it was rich but not too fat. Overall, the broth was tasty but lacked a bit of depth for my personal taste.
Regarding the noodles, based on their recommendation, i have ordered the “Hard” option. It was the right thing to do, they were really good. Perfect texture for proper Ramen noodles.
The pork (Chashu). Ok from my point of view the pork is often a hit or miss and is one of the key features of a good Ramen. The part of the pork served with the Chashu-men at KanadaYa is the collar. First thing i have noticed is the ratio Fat/Meat which is pretty honest (1/5). I hate it when Ramen Restaurants serve you slice of meats that are exclusively fat and almost no meat. In terms of texture, at first bite, their pork was dry. I have left the pork simmer for a few minutes in the broth and it got a much nicer tender texture, it was ok.
The Hanjuku egg : Once again it is a hit, the egg is well cooked and the yolk is still creamy. The egg is a really good addition to the Chashu-men and it goes well with the broth. It gives a great mix of flavours, textures and a hot&cold combination.
Regarding the Toppings, they serve just the right amount of wood ear fungus, spring onion, and the nori on the side. I like the wood ear fungus who tend to add an additional texture to the dish.
On the side, you also have extra seasoning at disposition such as pickled red ginger (goes well with Tonkatsu). It is missing a few key elements but it is just my personal opinion.
In terms of Size, the portion of the Ramen is correct. It is filling but not too much. I haven't tried to ask for Kaedama (an extra serving of noodles) to finish my broth. (I even wonder if they do it at KanadaYa?)
Price : At £16.50 for a ramen with an extra egg, KanadaYa is not cheap. It is quite pricey for a bowl of Ramen but it stays within London' standard. In fact, when i think of the other awful Ramen joint where i could have wasted my money that day, i think i made a pretty good deal.
Overall, the experience at KanadaYa was good. I expected nothing less from the often cited Best Ramen restaurant in London. It did not amaze me, but it certainly did the job. For anyone looking for an authentic Ramen experience in London, Kanadaya is a good place to visit.
Conclusion :
I had really high expectation when i visited KanadaYa for the first time. If KanadaYa doesn't remain one of my best Ramen experience. It is certainly a Must-try for anyone hoping to be served authentic Japanese Ramen in London. I will certainly visit again!
Overall : 4/5
Taste : 4/5
Price for value : 4/5
The Restaurant : 4/5
Information :
Kanada-Ya Covent Garden
64 St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8LE
tel: 0207 240 0232
http://www.kanada-ya.com/
Opening Hours :
Monday to Saturday : 12:00 – 15:00 / 17:00 – 22:30
Sunday : 12:00 – 20:30
Click Here if you want to read more about Ramen
Terms By signing up you agree to all terms Due to legal or logistical reasons, participants for physical prizes must reside in either North America, Canada or Europe (Unfortunately, residents from the following regions are ineligible to enter: Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Syria, Cuba, Greece, Italy.) To be eligible participants must complete ALL of the following steps: Signup, install LoLwiz and play at least 1 game with LoLwiz active. Only games that are spectable (e.g. AI/Bot games are not spectable) are eligible for collecting entries (custom games doesn't count) Prizes to be delivered or shipped within 30 days from the contest ends (January 13th, 2019). Weekly draws occur on Sundays and are chosen at random from tickets collected from the prior weekly period. A prior weekly period is defined as Sunday 12.00pm PST to the following Sunday 11:49am PST Winners will be contacted the following monday between 11am and 12pm PST by e-mail. If you signed up using Facebook or Google its the email you have associated with those that we will contact you by The Grand Prize drawing occurs on January 13th 2019 and is chosen at random from tickets collected throughout the entire event
A new study by Florida State University researchers has found that people who were verbally abused as children grow up to be self-critical adults prone to depression and anxiety.
Natalie Sachs-Ericsson
People who were verbally abused had 1.6 times as many symptoms of depression and anxiety as those who had not been verbally abused and were twice as likely to have suffered a mood or anxiety disorder over their lifetime, according to psychology Professor Natalie Sachs-Ericsson, the study's lead author.
"We must try to educate parents about the long-term effects of verbal abuse on their children," Sachs-Ericsson said. "The old saying about sticks and stones was wrong. Names will forever hurt you."
Sachs-Ericsson co-authored the study, published in the Journal of Affective Disorders, with FSU psychology Professor Thomas Joiner and researchers from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The researchers studied data from 5,614 people ages 15 to 54—a subset of the National Comorbidity Survey. The average age of the multiethnic sample was 33.
The findings are significant because of the clear implications for clinical treatment. Research has shown self-critical people can benefit from cognitive-behavioral therapy, an approach that helps people identify their irrational thought patterns and replace them with more rational thoughts, Sachs-Ericsson said. In addition, they are taught new behaviors to deal with uncomfortable situations.
The high percentage of study participants who reported that they were sometimes or often verbally abused by a parent—nearly 30 percent—surprised the researchers, Sachs-Ericsson said. Verbal abuse included insults, swearing, threats of physical abuse and spiteful comments or behavior.
Parents may have learned this style of parenting from their own parents, or they simply may be unaware of positive ways to motivate or discipline their children, Sachs-Ericsson said. They may also have a psychiatric or personality disorder that interferes with their parenting abilities.
Over time, children believe the negative things they hear, and they begin to use those negative statements as explanations for anything that goes wrong. For instance, a child who does not get invited to a party or does poorly on a test will think the reason is because they or they are no good if that is the message conveyed by a parent. This pattern of self-criticism continues into adulthood and has been shown to make an individual more prone to depression and anxiety.
To assess self-criticism, researchers asked participants to respond to statements such as, "I dwell on my mistakes more than I should," and "There is a considerable difference between how I am now and how I would like to be." Those who had been verbally abused were more likely to be self-critical than those who were not.
Those who suffered parental physical abuse (6.6 percent) or sexual abuse by a relative or stepparent (4.5 percent) also were more self-critical, but the researchers determined that self-criticism may not have been as important a factor in the development of depression and anxiety for physically and sexually abused participants as it was for those who experienced verbal abuse.
"Childhood abuse of any type has the potential to influence self-critical tendencies," they said. "Although sexual and physical abuse don't directly supply the critical words like 'You're worthless,' the overall message conveyed by these kinds of abuse clearly does."
The present investigation demonstrates that PSOP produces alterations in hippocampal neurogenesis and in a HPC-dependent learning paradigm of cue-associated fear conditioning. To evaluate the effects of PSOP on HPC-dependent learning, an acute treatment of PSOP or ketanserin was administered prior to trace fear conditioning. During the acquisition of the conditioned response, there was a striking increase in the amount of time spent freezing during the presentation of the CS and during the trace period and immediate post-trace interval from trial 1 to trial 3. These data demonstrate that the association between the CS and US promoted freezing in anticipation of the shock as well as during the period after the shock. Notably, the acquisition of the conditioned response was not impaired by acute administration of PSOP or ketanserin.
Regardless of the PSOP dose, mice displayed similar locomotor activity levels in the freeze monitor box during the habituation baseline exposure and during re-exposure to the same environment during the contextual fear conditioning test. As expected, mice froze substantially more during re-exposure to the same context after CS–US associations were formed compared to the habituation baseline, indicating that mice formed contextual fear conditioning regardless of their drug exposure. It is well known that contextual fear conditioning is a HPC-dependent learning task (Hirsh 1974; Kim and Fanselow 1992; McNish et al. 1997; Frohardt et al. 1999; Esclassan et al. 2009). The serotonergic system has been implicated in performance on the contextual fear conditioning task (Dai et al. 2008), and hippocampal neurogenesis is required for the expression of fear memory (Shors et al. 2001, 2002). The present investigation found that interaction with the 5-HT 2A receptor does not impair contextual fear conditioning since no differences were observed between controls and mice treated with PSOP or ketanserin.
Unlike the acquisition of the conditioned fear response, where drug had no significant effect on learning the association between CS, trace and shock (UCS), the extinction of the conditioned response was accelerated in mice treated with low doses of PSOP. This rapid reversal of fear conditioning was only observed with low-dose PSOP treatment and was not present with higher doses or with ketanserin. Thus, PSOP treatment does not alter acquisition of a conditioned fear response nor in remembering the link between the CS and UCs (contextual test), but low-dose PSOP facilitates extinction by disassociating the link between the CS, trace and the UCS (shock). Given that low doses of PSOP accelerated fear extinction, it is interesting to consider whether PSOP is blunting the emotional component of the fear memory which leads to rapid extinction. We observed that all mice freeze in response to each presentation of the shock during training and assume that for all mice regardless of the treatment, fear is evoked. In human studies, low doses of PSOP produce no differences in general well-being, emotional excitability, anxiety-depressiveness, plasma cortisol levels, heart rate, body temperature and blood pressure (Hasler et al. 2004). Taken together, we believe that the PSOP facilitation of fear extinction is not likely due to blunted emotion but instead caused by diminished neurogenesis and alterations in hippocampal neurotransmission.
The molecular basis for creating the links between CS and UCS in the trace conditioning paradigm is not completely understood. Clearly, synaptic plasticity in the HPC is critical for the acquisition of new associations (learning) and recall of those associations (memory). Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has been implicated in synaptic plasticity and memory processing (Kang et al. 1997; Pang et al. 2004; Tyler et al. 2002) through the modulation of synapse formation and dendritic spine growth in the HPC (Bamji et al. 2006; Tyler and Pozzo-Miller 2001, 2003). Chronic administration of 5-HT agonists (including SSRIs) upregulates BDNF mRNA expression in the HPC (Nibuya et al. 1995, 1996). Evidence suggests that the 5-HT 2A receptor is involved in the regulation of BDNF in the HPC (Vaidya et al. 1997). Specifically, DOI, a 5-HT 2A/C receptor agonist, decreased BDNF mRNA expression in the granule cell layer of the DG, but not in the CA subfields of the HPC. Interestingly, the decrease in BDNF mRNA expression was blocked by the 5-HT 2A receptor antagonist, but not the 5-HT 2C receptor antagonist, implicating the 5-HT 2A receptor in the regulation of BDNF expression (Vaidya et al. 1997). The process of forgetting or breaking synaptic links in HPC is even less understood. One possible explanation for the findings presented here is that single low doses of PSOP acting via the 5-HT 2A receptors on HPC neurons inhibit BDNF expression and thereby decrease synaptic growth and neurogenesis.
The data reported demonstrate that the administration of PSOP produced a biphasic response in hippocampal neurogenesis; a low dose (0.1 mg/kg) resulted in a trend toward increased neurogenesis, whereas the high dose of PSOP significantly decreased the formation of new neurons measured 2 weeks after drug exposure. In addition, all doses of the potent 5-HT 2A receptor agonist 25I-NBMeO and the 5-HT 2A/C receptor antagonist ketanserin decreased hippocampal neurogenesis. A range of doses of ketanserin (1–5 mg/kg) administered within 4 h of killing has been reported to decrease the number of BrdU+ cells in the DG, indicating a reduction in cell proliferation (Banasr et al. 2004; Jha et al. 2008). The present study extends these findings by demonstrating that single doses of ketanserin decreased the number of BrdU+ and BrdU/NeuN+ cells 2 weeks after drug administration, indicating a reduction in both progenitor cell survival and formation of new neurons after exposure to a single dose of the 5-HT 2A/C antagonist.
Using positron emission tomography (PET), Vollenweider et al. established that PSOP-induced schizophrenia, like psychosis, in humans is completely blocked by the 5-HT2a antagonist ketanserin, demonstrating that PSOP produces psychotropic effects mainly via 5-HT2a receptor activation (Vollenweider et al. 1998). However, PSOP administration decreases [11C]raclopride receptor binding potential in the basal ganglia, which is indicative of increased DA levels (Vollenweider et al. 1999). Additionally, the D2 antagonist haloperidol attenuates the psychotomimetic effects of PSOP, clearly demonstrating that the DA system is involved in PSOP-induced psychotomimesis (Vollenweider et al. 1999). Interestingly, increases in DA disrupt fear extinction (Willick and Kokkinidis 1995; Borowski and Kokkinidis 1998); therefore, it is plausible that DA may contribute to PSOP facilitating the extinction of the fear response. Morrow and colleagues demonstrated that DAergic neurons which project to the medial prefrontal cortex (PFC) are critical in fear extinction and reduced rates of extinction are observed after 6-hydroxydopamine lesions to the PFC reduced DA levels to 13 % of control (Morrow et al. 1999). Furthermore, the activation of 5-HT 2A receptors in the medial PFC increases extracellular glutamate levels (Aghajanian and Marek 1999), thereby affecting subcortical neurotransmission and increasing the activity of DA neurons in the ventral tegmental area (VTA), resulting in increased DA transmission in mesocortical and mesostriatal regions (Vazquez-Borsetti et al. 2009). Since drugs that increase DA bioavailability are involved in fear extinction, it is plausible that PSOP is facilitating fear extinction through an interaction between 5-HT and DA neurotransmitter systems in PFC, amygdala and HPC.
I am here before you, a living Indian, upright and animated, full of blood. I am a young Cowlitz woman, not one of the dead chiefs flattened into history books. I have come to expect that you may want to know what an Indian knows and feels; you may want to unroll before me your knowledge about Indian wars or toss out a fun fact about totem poles — conversational niceties, perhaps, attempts at connection. Fair enough. Know, though, if I have no response, it is because I have only a few inches of innards left to pull out for examination. I must place some limits so that I might keep myself intact.
I do not owe you a complete breakdown of my ancestry. I do not keep a blood quantum chart sketched out on my palm like crib notes for an exam. I do not have to tell you where my mother was born or what substance forms my father. I don't have to justify the place of my birth, necessarily off-reservation because my tribe has none, all of our land taken from us. I cannot stop you when your gaze searches my face, gouges out my eyes, and roughs up my cheekbones, but I don't have to respond when you offer your assessment. I don't measure my blood in pints and quarts, and I will not spill it at my feet for you.
I do not owe you my assistance with your search for the Indians you're sure you'll find buried somewhere in your ancestry, the ones from tribes and places you can't name, specters skittering between generations, a rumor or a wish.
I do not owe you the names of those you call "shamans," and I will tell you I don't know where to find any, but when you ask me if it's all a bunch of hocus-pocus, despite every urge to bundle up all my secrets and send you away with nothing, I will spit back at your slap, "Of course that's real."
When you refuse to copy down the contact information for the museum that will work to repatriate the "ancient Indian artifacts" you say you got for a steal at a yard sale, do not be surprised when I say I know no galleries that might offer up cash for your goods. I do not owe you advice on how to sell the bones you dug out of your garden.
I do not owe you the long hair that confirms your expectations or the short hair that defies them. I do not have to let you touch it. I don't even have to let you witness it. And yet you do see it: the hair that was two inches long when I came to this place where every woman in line before me was born; the hair that has grown as long as it can, skimming my waist; the hair that is getting limp under the weight of trying to insist upon what my pale scalp cannot.
When you quiz me on genocide highlights — Were those smallpox blankets real? I've always wondered about that — to sate your hunger for facts, I do not owe you a free education of the kind that my university students pay for, and I am not so flattered by your interest in my people that I might unfurl a lecture on 500 years of colonization for your edification. I don't owe you commentary, desk punditry, or afternoon anger. I don't want to let you play devil's advocate over casinos or feed you arguments about team names that you can pull out at happy hour. But I won't tell you, either, about the burn that runs up my spine: the rape of Native women from sea to sea, from the first metal clash of conquest to each passing second. In the U.S., 1 in 3 Native women have been raped or have experienced attempted rape. When you are in a room with me, know that I am one raped woman. And though I owe you nothing, I've been broken into, broken down, and broken in over time. If you are a stranger in my otherwise empty office at the end of the day, I just might give you leads tracking down the Indian enrollment card you've been coveting if it gets you to leave.
I am not here to weigh in on the authenticity of that sweat lodge–retreat weekend you paid for in the '90s. I am not invested in your personal search for meaning, but I was raised to treat others as I want to be treated. How I want to be treated: not like a cabinet full of curiosities. Not like a magic lady who waves their hands over your wounds and heals you of your ignorance. You can keep your wounds; I keep mine.
I do not owe you gratitude for your love of "our" ways, "our" art, "our" peaceful nature. Love is not consumption; love is generous, love is action, and violated bodies and homelands can do nothing with unfocused appreciation. Whether you're learning your new fact for the day or admiring the print on my office wall, you have the privilege of consuming and walking away. You can discard the printouts from my website you brought to my office after you leave with what you came for: a look at what Irish, French, Ukrainian, and Indian looks like. You can scroll across the blip on your Facebook feed about the overrepresentation of aboriginal women among totals of murdered and missing women in Canada. Even if you think it's a tragedy, you can click the X and walk away. Whether you believe it or not, I'm Indian every day.
When you tell me that if you had been alive back then, you would've done something, I don't disagree. But I don't say that I know that it's true; you might have done something, but maybe not what you'd like to think you'd do. When you tell me that it's too bad we were all annihilated, I owe you nothing, but still, I am giving you more knowledge than you deserve when I say, "I can't help you."
Photograph by Wendy Red Star: "Walks in the Dark" (Thunder Up Above series), 2011, 44 x 31 inches, archival pigment print on paper.
On the August 31, 2016, Anthony Di Iorio, CEO and Founder of Decentral and Jaxx, tweeted that Apple would only allow approved coins on their App Store. They described Apple's decision as ‘mindboggling.'
The immediate impact that this has had is that Dash, which had just been introduced on the Jaxx wallet as early as August 2016 is now to be taken off for Apple users.
It is pertinent to mention here that Jaxx holds a particular appeal to some users as it supports multiple currencies including ETH, BTC and Dash, at the time of the writing and it allows users to transact in these currencies just using a single application. Lately there had also been some buzz regarding the introduction of ETC to Jaxx.
Apple sets a deadline of September 16, 2016 for Dash removal
Apple has had a stricter approach to what they allow on their platform than their rival, Google Android. There are many reasons for which whole applications can be denied entry into an app store, some of which are listed by Apple itself on their website. However, in the case of Jaxx, while the app itself is approved, Apple seems to have made it clear that only certain cryptocurrencies are allowed on its platform.
Cointelegraph contacted Anthony Di Iorio, who is the Founder of Jaxx. They clarify that stand:
“Apple has only approved BTC, ETH, DAO, Ripple, Doge, and Litecoin. Jaxx has been asked to remove the Dash feature from our iOS versions (tablet & mobile) by September 16. We will comply, but this will not affect any of our other 7 versions for Jaxx.”
Only Apple Jaxx users are affected
It should be noted though that while Jaxx will have to remove Dash from its iOS products, this will not really affect users on other platforms. Anthony Di Iorio confirmed that Dash will still be available for Andorid, Mac OS X, Windows, PC Desktop, Chrome and Firefox extension users.
This means that if you are on any of these other platforms you will be able to access your Dash, even if you had kept your wallet on an iOS device. We have received confirmation from the Decentral CEO that iOS users will be able to use their backup phrase on alternate devices or the platforms listed above and they are not at risk of losing their Dash.
ETC integration may not materialise for Jaxx users on iOS
If we go by what happened to Dash on iOS, the chances that ETC will be approved on that platform by Apple appear to be very slim as it is not on the list of approved currencies. However, that may not stop ETC from being implemented on rival platforms.
We asked Anthony Di Iorio about any upcoming plans for ETC and they say:
“If a specific cryptocurrency isn't approved, Jaxx will not be able to manage that particular token in the iOS version of the app. That said, this would only affect iOS users. We don't really see it as a problem since we will continue to add tokens on our other platforms and we will continue to support approved tokens on the App Store.”
Jax favours a multi-currency approach
Multi-currency wallets do have an appeal of convenience and choice. Wallets like Jaxx thus are an important gateway for users to start experiencing the cryptocurrency world. They add an element of simplification and access that can proliferate cryptocurrencies.
As Anthony Di Iorio puts it:
“I'm pro-Blockchain and pro-technology. I fully support anything that offers people choice and allows for innovation. I'm excited about a number of different projects including Dash, Monero, Zcash, Rootstock, and others. Of course, Ethereum and Bitcoin will always have a special place in my heart.”
As for Apple, it seems that they still retain control over their garden and will only allow things in when they can match certain parameters, yet many of their users will feel that the removal of Dash is a step backwards - including this writer who has used Jaxx to hold some Dash at a certain point on their Apple device.
SKY The PVV leader Geert Wilders branded mainstream politicians "weak"
REUTERS Geert Wilders is hoping to become the next Dutch leader
Mr Wilders announced to the media scrum that if they were president, they would ban Turkish officials from entering the country. This comes after local mayors in the Netherlands and Germany reacted furiously to plans by the Turkish government to hold campaign rallies across European cities. Recip Tayyip Erdoğan is hoping to consolidate their leadership in a referendum in April, which will transfer a large amount of power from the Turkish parliament to the president. Mr Erdoğan is targeting the large immigrant communities in Europe to seal their victory. Mr Wilders spoke out and slapped down the Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte as "weak". They said: "They are coming here to advocate for a change to the Turkish constitution that will only strength the Islamic Fascism of Erdoğan. "If I was Prime Minister today I would declare a ban on them until after the referendum in Turkey. "I would call the entire cabinet persona non-granta. I would tell them they should not interfere here with their domestic problems. "We should be very strict on that. It's another example we are losing control of our own country."
SKY Wilders said establishment parties had been "copying" their anti-EU and anti-migrant policies
It's another example we are losing control of our own country Geert Wilders
During a series of quickfire questions with Sky News, the firebrand leader spoke about the EU, Brexit and refugees. The 53-year-old vowed that if elected they will pull the Netherlands out of the EU, ban the sale of Korans, and close several mosques and Islamic schools. They told Sky News: "[On Trump] I don't agree with everything they do but still they are a lot better than Mrs Clinton would be. "Brexit is fantastic, I hope we can follow. "Well [Theresa May] is taking Britain out of the European Union so I applaud them for that. They then described the EU as the "worst thing ever" and said the Koran has more anti-Semitism than Hitler's Mein Kampf. Wilders added: "I have nothing against Muslims, I have a problem with Islam. "Every real refugee should have shelter but preferably in their own region like Saudi Arabia instead of here."
SKY They admitted that most of the mainstream parties in the country had been "copying" their policies
Geert Wilders: These are the Party for Freedom leader's policies Wed, February 8, 2017 Noteworthy policies that Geert Wilders mentions in their party program. Play slideshow 1 of 14
Residents can register to vote using mobile apps on their smartphone or tablet. Secretary of the State Denise Merrill announced on Wednesday that the apps are available through Google Play and Apple and provide convenience for voters while maintaining the security of the Connecticut Voter Registration System.
“I am very excited to offer these mobile apps for voter registration so any eligible Connecticut voter with a driver's license can register for this year's elections from the convenience of their smartphone or tablet,” Merrill said. “Modern features like this help to reach new eligible voters, and the more people who participate the better.”
In February, Merrill and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy unveiled Connecticut's new online voter registration system, and since then 2,000 voters have registered. Connecticut was the 15th state to offer online voter registration. Merrill said they expect online voter registration to have more accurate voting lists because the voters enter their own data, which prevents clerical errors.
Don't Tell Me To “Chill” — What Happened To Embracing Our Emotions?
The Vocal Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 24, 2016
Language and linguistics are fascinating. Recently, I learnt that the word ‘but' originates from old English which meant ‘outside'. This was derived from Latin that essentially erases anything said before or after a statement. So when people say “I'm not a racist, but” the ‘but' literally wipes the first statement and they may as well just say the racist statement we all know is going to follow.
This is not to be confused with butt, which we all know is a nice soft squishy thing we all have. But — I am not here to talk about butts. That is for my memoir, Much Ado About My Rump.
Most of us can remember using the slang word ‘cool' growing up, for as long as we can remember. For those of you who are a bit older — maybe you were more prone to saying ‘nifty' or ‘swell' — or simply a series of grunts followed by loud banging on the wall of your cave to indicate distress.
‘Cool' now has a multitude of definitions: agreement to something, describing a person or event that is generally positive, or anything trendy (do people still say trendy?). More recently, a new word has popped up in our vernacular that I just can't agree with: chill.
Chill is Cool's hip young cousin, who is here to tell you to relax. “Be chill,” they say, when you get excited about something. “Whoa, they have no chill,” someone says, describing someone who isn't afraid to show their feelings.
When other people tell us to ‘chill', they are basically telling us to settle down. This is fine, if we are running around a library screaming because the book you had on backlog has finally arrived. Time and place. But policing other people's feelings and expressions is unfair, dangerous and boring.
I am not a chill person — I never have been. Spontaneity terrifies me and I'd rather have my day planned then just “go with the flow”. Guess what? Other people are more naturally relaxed, and that is perfectly fine. I, however, have no chill and am proud to declare this.
There are times when women especially are labelled as ‘feisty', ‘bubbly', ‘angry' when being earnest or passionate about a certain event or issue. There is a list of pejoratives that are gendered to make women seem ‘hysterical'. Hysteria itself is a now long-outdated psychological term that was widely applied to women who showed emotions of any kind. (Fun fact: hysteria used to be treated with masturbation! That certainly is one way to Netflix and Chill, Dr Freud.)
Every now and then an article will pop up with suggestions on rules of dating. What to say on Tinder, how to flirt, when to say I love you… it took me seven hours to set up my Fääshugur Ikea bookshelf — I am not built for instructions.
Shouldn't it be as easy as saying “I love you” when you feel it? Let's carefully collect all the unhelpful rules we've been told over the years (ie: wait three days before calling them, never ask out another girl on a Tuesday, only wink when flirting during a full moon) and carefully throw them into a large bin.
Reply to that text straight away if you've got your phone in your hand and you can schedule a date then and there. If I like a girl, I'll ask them out (or at the very least make my clumsy flirting noticeable). Don't pretend to be this highly relaxed, cruisy person if the reality is you are a very highly-strung person who would rather just make plans now than “see where the wind takes us”.
seeing where the wind takes you
If the notion of chill was applied to all emotions, we would be completely numbing ourselves to an entire spectrum of feelings — love, grief, loss, joy. Author Judith Guest once said “People who keep stiff upper lips find it damn hard to smile”. We don't want to become so chill that we lose the ability for excitement. Call us hysterical, call us sassy, call us chill-less: I will continue to live my life earnestly, and with passion.
I'm here to declare my loathe for chill and nominate myself as the President of the No Chill Club. Welcome, everyone to No Chill Club. The only rule is to be yourself, be excited, and OH MY GOSH IT IS SO WONDERFUL TO SEE YOU ALL.
Sean “Puff Daddy” Combs said on Friday that they are a fan of their friend Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's style, according to the New York Post.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I always liked Donald's style,” Combs told the Post. “I do have a tie they gifted me. I wear it.”
Combs has said that they and Trump are friends, and they told the Washington Post last year that they admire the mogul's work ethic.
“Donald Trump is a friend of mine, and they work very hard,” they said in the interview.
But the rapper also known as P. Diddy has yet to commit to a candidate in the presidential race.
“As far as voting for him, that has yet to be seen,” they said Friday.
May 25, 2016, 11:44 am
This post earlier on the customer service downsides of the new salaried overtime rules got me thinking more broadly about the impact of minimum wage type laws. Progressives justify such laws by saying that there is a power imbalance between management and employees, and that the government needs to have minimum wage laws to make up for the fact that employees lack power.
But from my experience in the service world, it is wrong to look at the situation as a power struggle between managers and employees. It is much more correct to look at this as a power struggle between employees and customers. Let me explain.
Service and retail firms tend to live on razor-thin margins. Retailers typically live on single-digit profit margins, and those of companies like Wal-Mart are as low as 2% of revenues. Our company in the service business has a similar experience, averaging profit margins of 3-5% of revenues over the last 10 years.
This is not an accident. Most service and retail businesses depend on simple service-delivery models using relatively low-skilled workers. There are many low-skilled workers in the world. If a company were to start making huge profits with a service model using such workers, it would be easy for others to copy it and hire the same types of workers and undercut them on price. Margins tend to get competed down to the bare minimum.
No matter how many progressives would like it to be so, when California raises its minimum wage, it probably is not going to come out of company margins, at least in the near term. Over the 10 years from about 2013 to 2022, California will have raised its minimum wage over 87% from $8 an hour to $15. Wages and costs like workers comp premiums that are tied to wages are about half my costs. This means an 87% labor cost increase will increase my total costs 44%. How is that going to come out of a 4% margin? It is not.
There are really only two things we can do, individually or in combination. First, we can raise prices 44%, just to try to stay even. Of course, some customers will balk and stop buying, and then we will lose business and perhaps have to close (we have already closed over half our businesses in California for just this reason). Or second, we could cut staff in half to keep wages under control. Of course, this means customers get served much more poorly, which also may drive customers away. Other companies like fast food restaurants have a third option of automation, replacing people with machines -- I wish we could do this but right now we have run out of ideas for automating bathroom cleaning and landscape work.
Hopefully, you can see what is going on here. The real tension here is between employees and customers. When the state mandates a minimum wage in low margin service businesses (such laws are largely irrelevant to high-margin technology companies and such), compliance is paid for by the customer, either in the form of higher prices or worse service or both.
A lot of my friends seem to be getting married these days. Which got me thinking about wedding parties. Which then got me wondering what songs DJs do/don't play at weddings these days. And what was the outcome of my meandering thoughts ... a fun & interesting graph, of course!
It turns out that picking the right songs to play at wedding parties can be quite tricky. You must consider the preferences of the bride & groom of course, and also the guests and family which can span quite a range of ages and musical preferences. You want to play popular songs, but possibly not songs that have recently been too popular (because they have become cliché and/or everyone might be tired of hearing them).
With a bit of web searching, I came across an interesting article about wedding music on the fivethirtyeight.com website. They surveyed the DJs from 182 weddings, and came up with a list of the songs the DJs were specifically asked not to play. Apparently people dislike certain songs that have been around a while (such as Chicken Dance and Cha-Cha Slide), and some recently popular songs even made the list (such as Happy, Blurred Lines, and Uptown Funk). But their list was just that ... a text list:
The list was just begging to be plotted graphically, and I was happy to oblige! Below is a snapshot of the graph I came up with. Visually, I added two special touches.
I annotated axis values along the top of the graph, and I annotated a 'no music' symbol (using a combination of characters from the Webdings font) to let people quickly know the topic of the graph.
You can click the snapshot to see the interactive version with mouse-over text and drill downs. If you click on the bars, it will launch a search for related videos of that title. If you're viewing this from your work computer, be sure to consider your employer's web policies before clicking, because some of the videos could be Not Safe For Work (NSFW).
So, which representation of this data do you prefer - table or interactive graph? I always say that looking at data in multiple ways is a valuable thing, therefore perhaps a combination of the two is the best solution?
What's your favorite song for a wedding party? And perhaps the more interesting question - is there a song you would want to ban from your wedding party? Feel free to leave your reply in a comment!
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have issued CCTV images in connection with several bicycle thefts in Manchester, Rochdale and Wilmslow.
British Transport Police's (BTP) appeal relates to 10 bikes stolen over a three-month period between May and July, this year.
(Image: British Transport Police)
Stills were taken from security footage captured at Manchester city centre's two main railway stations - Manchester Victoria and Piccadilly - as well as other stations in Wilmslow and Castleton, near Rochdale.
BTP officers urged cyclists to secure their property and lower the chances of falling victim.
(Image: British Transport Police)
Inspector Michelle Wedderburn said: “Sadly bikes can be a popular target for thieves but there are lots of things people can do to make sure their property is adequately marked and secured.
“It's important to remember to register your bike and ensure a solid lock is used to secure it. If a bike is adequately marked, it makes it much easier to identify and therefore helps reduce the risk of becoming a victim of bike theft.
(Image: British Transport Police)
BTP officers regularly conduct cycle crime awareness surgeries at stations across the North West to offer crime prevention advice and mark bikes. Follow our Twitter account @BTPGtrMcr for further details of these events.
“We also target stations with covert and overt policing operations to catch would-be offenders in the act and CCTV provides a great tool to identify those we don't catch red handed. We will continue to work closely with train operating companies to tackle cycle crime.”
(Image: British Transport Police)
British Transport Police released a montage of several CCTV images taken from Manchester Piccadilly, Manchester Victoria, Wilmslow and Castleton stations.
A BTP spokesperson added: “Do you know these men? We'd like to speak to them in connection with the theft of a number of bikes from train stations across Manchester. They were stolen over a three month period between May and July, this year.”
(Image: British Transport Police)
Thefts have occurred at stations and from trains, the spokesperson added.
Anyone with any information can contact British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's administration asked Congress on Monday for $4 billion more to support missile defense to counter the threat from North Korea, just ahead of their first visit to South Korea since taking office in January.
"This request supports additional efforts to detect, defeat, and defend against any North Korean use of ballistic missiles against the United States, its deployed forces, allies, or partners," Trump wrote in a letter to Congress.
They made their request during their maiden trip to Asia as president, featuring repeated meetings with regional partners and others largely focused on how to address North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missiles programs.
Trump had originally asked for $9.9 billion for the year ended Sept. 30, 2018, for missile defense, which some lawmakers had dismissed as too low.
Trump also asked for $700,000 to repair damage to Navy ships after recent fatal collisions, and $1.2 billion for increased troop levels in Afghanistan and the administration's South Asia strategy in their supplemental budget request.
The budget request said the funds for South Asia would support the deployment of 3,500 more troops.
A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test, in this undated photo provided by the US Department of Defense. Thomson Reuters
The Republican leaders of the Senate and House of Representatives Armed Services Committees, Senator John McCain and Representative Mac Thornberry, said in a joint statement that they welcomed Trump's request and looked forward "to giving it the serious consideration it deserves."
Members of the two committees are currently working on a final version of the annual National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, which sets out policy for the Pentagon.
McCain and Thornberry said the submission of the budget amendment before that work was completed means that NDAA conferees will be able to consider whether to incorporate the additional funding into the final agreement.
"This request also underscores the threat posed by the rogue North Korean regime and the urgent need to boost our missile defense capabilities to meet it," McCain and Thornberry said in a statement.
Trump also repeated their request that Congress provides $1.6 billion to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. Trump's plan to construct the wall was a centerpiece of their successful presidential campaign, but it has been questioned by some of their fellow Republicans, as well as most Democrats, in Congress.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Dan Grebler)
The newly found ice surfaces are included within the first glacier inventory of Cordillera Darwin. The CECs glaciology team also made precise measurements of glacier retreat at this icefield, located in Chile's Southern Austral region. The published work by CECs glaciologists Francisca Bown, Andrés Rivera y Claudio Bravo, together with Pablo Zenteno and Fiona Cawkwell, provides a cadastre of glaciers of the major mountain centres south of the Strait of Magellan (54°S). This includes Cordillera Darwin and Monte Sarmiento (both on the main island, Isla Grande of Tierra del Fuego), Santa Inés Island and Hoste Island. A total of 1,681 glaciers were accounted in the inventory, amounting to a total ice cover of 3,289.5 km2. Previous estimates in this region indicated an ice cover of only 2,500 km2, which implies an additional finding of 789 square kilometres of glaciers. This is not attributable to glacier advance, but is a result of more precise glacier delineation as explained in this research, published as book chapter in “GLIMS: Global Land Ice Measurements from Space”, which is based on modern satellite images unlike previous studies where former data collection techniques were employed. Satellite imagery also reveals glacier trends in this region. A striking example is Marinelli Glacier (Figure 1) which has undergone a 15 km-retreat since 1913. Retreats are also registered for Conway and Schiaparelli glaciers, which were photographed by young Charles Darwin during their voyage onboard the HMS Adventure and Beagle between 1826 and 1836. Figure 1. Frontal variations of Marinelli Glacier since 1913 Tens of thousands of glaciers lie on Chilean territory from the northern border with Peru to the southern tip of South America. Glacier retreat is gaining growing concern as ice masses are thought to be key freshwater reservoirs for humankind and thus, are conceived by society as a pristine natural resource which requires attention and preservation. --- Ref.: First Glacier Inventory and Recent Glacier Variation on Isla Grande de Tierra Del Fuego and Adjacent Islands in Southern Chile. Global Land Ice Measurements from Space Springer Praxis Books 2014, pp 661-674 DOI: 10.1007/978-3-540-79818-7_28
A GAY Pakistani man will have their case re-heard after Scottish judges dealt yet another blow to Prime Minister Theresa May over their hard-line stance on immigration while they were Home Secretary.
In a remarkable criticism of the whole immigration process in the long-running case, three judges allowed the gay man's appeal against the Home Office, and senior Scottish judge Lord Malcolm wrote: “We have decided to grant the appeal. We can only hope that the long and unfortunate history…is not typical of immigration proceedings in the tribunal system.”
The man was told by May in August, 2013, that they would have to be sent home to Pakistan, despite a police charge against them in that country of homosexual activity and a newspaper report of that charge. Earlier hearings were told they faced possible life imprisonment and certain persecution.
READ MORE: Wee Ginger Dug: The latest big orange man to come out against independence
The Pakistani citizen, known only as AR, sought asylum and was granted it by one judge, only for May to appeal against that decision and have it overturned by a second tribunal judge.
Further appeals and counter-appeals followed before AR took their case to the Court of Session yesterday where three judges sitting as an appeal court allowed their appeal and ordered the immigration tribunal to reconsider the case.
Lord Malcolm delivered the written judgement on behalf of himself, Lady Clark and Lord Drummond Young. In it they summarised the long and complex history of the case dating back to Theresa May's actions as Home Secretary in 2013.
Lord Malcolm wrote: “The overall conclusion of the First tier Tribunal was that the appellant had not established their homosexuality. They had fabricated their claim to further their asylum application.”
Lord Malcolm continued: “A number of the judges involved in the case have recognised both the low standard of proof required in cases such as the present and the difficulty which someone such as the appellant is likely to encounter when attempting to prove their sexuality. However, some of the judges have demonstrated little appreciation of these factors in their approach to the evidence before them.
“In the main, that evidence consists of the petitioner's account, which in its essential elements is supported by a number of documents, two of them of an official nature, and all easily verifiable.
“To our eyes at least, they have the hallmarks of valid documents, albeit no doubt there is at least a possibility that they were fabricated, though, if they were, why would there be internal inconsistencies on points of detail?
“The appellant's account is, to an extent, supported by a witness from Scotland who has stated that they were told about the appellant's homosexuality and that they took them to gay clubs. There is a letter from a proprietor of such a club confirming their attendance, and also a membership card.
“There is no question that an openly homosexual man is at risk in Pakistan. They cannot rely on protection by the authorities (rather the reverse), and it is no answer to their appeal to predict that they will behave with discretion in Pakistan if that is caused by a fear of persecution.”
The written judgement was critical of the Home Office and various judges' failure to consider all the evidence: “The decision-maker should stand back and view all of the evidence in the round before deciding which evidence to accept and which to reject, and on the proper disposal of the appeal.
“Similar comments apply to the lack of any proper consideration and assessment of the evidence from the supporting witness and the statement from the proprietor of the gay club. One cannot simply dismiss this evidence, or in effect ignore it, because one has already decided that the claimant's account is false.”
The Appeal Court ruled that none of the judges who have previously been involved in the case will be permitted to sit on the new tribunal that will decide the gay man's right to claim asylum.
Students with broadband Internet access at home may have an advantage over those who don't, officials say.
Instead of coming to class and listening to a lecture, then going home and trying out what they learned on their own, math students at Hillcrest High School in Greenville, S.C. listen to a lecture on video before class and work on putting the new knowledge to practice in the classroom, where their teacher is there to help. (Photo: Mykal McEldowney, The Greenville (S.C.) News) Story Highlights In S.C., more than two-thirds of low-income families don't have high-speed Internet
Effort to create Internet cloud over state stalled
Elsewhere, pilot program to subsidize mobile Internet access to students shows promise
GREENVILLE, S.C. -- Jennifer Southers has flipped education upside-down for their math students at Hillcrest High School.
Instead of coming to class and listening to a lecture, then going home and trying out what they learned on their own, they listen to a lecture on video before class and work on putting the new knowledge to practice in the classroom, where their teacher is there to help.
"The level of frustration has almost disappeared completely on those lessons when we do that," they said of the "flipped classroom" concept that they and other teachers are using.
It's one of many new ways education is being delivered online these days.
Teachers use a big-screen web portal instead of a blackboard to illustrate their points. Students undertake multimedia digital projects in place of pen-and-paper book reports
But what about students who don't have broadband Internet access at home? How can they keep up with their peers in streaming instructional videos and doing online research?
More than two-thirds of low-income families in South Carolina don't have a high-speed Internet connection, said Jessica Ditto, spokesperson for Connected Nation, a nonprofit organization that works to increase broadband access in the nation. Overall, 57 percent of households in the state have broadband access, they said.
Students at Hillcrest can get high-speed Internet access in the school's computer labs before and after school and during lunch, Southers said. Some go to the public libraries after school hours, or if they have a computer, to Wi-Fi hotspots in places like McDonald's.
Souther believes not having Internet at home can have its good side. It makes students more organized, because they know they need to get their work done while they're online, rather than playing around.
Hillcrest High School math teacher Jennifer Southers teaches a honors algebra II class on February 7. (Photo: Mykal McEldowney, The Greenville (S.C.) News)
They believe it's up to teachers to keep a home technology deficit from being a disadvantage for students.
Jeff McCoy, the Greenville County School District's director of instructional technology, says most schools are not assigning web-based homework because of the digital divide. But they say there's no way around a lack of a home broadband connection being a disadvantage among the have-nots.
"Students who have access to technology at home know how to access that technology to explore their natural curiosity," they said. "Students who do not have access to this technology at home, while they may have the curiosity, do not have the means to access it."
They say there's not much the district can do to make opportunities more equal.
South Carolina was moving four years ago toward developing a system that could put an Internet cloud over the state, using the SC-ETV towers that bring in educational programs to schools.
A changeover from analog to digital technology freed up a big chunk of the electromagnetic spectrum that could have supported such a system, called Wi-MAX.
Four years later, nothing has happened.
Amid complaints from telecommunications industry groups that opposed the idea of "government entry into the broadband business," the special commission set up by the Legislature -- the South Carolina Educational Broadband Service Commission -- went in a different direction.
The decision was made to lease the frequencies to Clearwire, a national Internet service provider, for $142.7 million over 30 years, according to SC-ETV documents.
Clearwire is not using the spectrum and hasn't started offering service in South Carolina anywhere except at a few ETV sites, said company spokesperson Christopher Comes.
Clearwire, which is in the process of merging with Sprint, operates in 80 markets across the country, but South Carolina hasn't fit into its business plans yet, they said.
"Never at any time did we agree to build out the entire state, or a specific timeline, with a Wi-MAX network," Comes told GreenvilleOnline.com.
Linda O'Bryon, president of SC-ETV, was not in that position at the time the spectrum lease was negotiated, but they said, "None of the vendors who were in contention would agree to a build-out schedule."
The South Carolina Educational Broadband Service Commission, which consisted of a panel of experts, chose the best bids available at the time, which were agreed to by the SC-ETV Commission, they said.
"The hope is that that would happen," they said of the concept of a statewide broadband network evolving from that spectrum. "We would like to see that happen."
Another program that offers the possibility of home broadband availability for low-income students is in the evaluation phase.
The Federal Communications Commission ran a pilot in 2011 to determine the feasibility of expanding its E-Rate program, which offers discounts to public schools and libraries for broadband access using money generated by the Universal Service Fund. That's a charge of about $3 that's tacked onto phone bills.
The pilot, called the E-Rate Deployed Ubiquitously 2011 Pilot Program, tested the concept of subsidizing mobile Internet access for students who qualified for free and reduced-price school lunch, according to an FCC document outlining the results in 14 school districts.
The schools reported that the program reduced the dropout rate, increased student achievement, raised students' interest in college and math-related careers, improved communication with second-language English speakers, and increased "student ownership of learning."
No South Carolina school districts participated in the pilot.
Charter Communications, which serves Upstate South Carolina with high-speed Internet service, has participated in a similar program in California called Connect2Compete, as well as other low-income trial programs in other markets, said company spokesperson John Miller.
"More than just access to a reduced monthly Internet service, these programs involve many entities all coming together to provide different components of the program, such as affordable computers and digital literacy training support," they said. "These components are necessities in order for a program to be successful."
The company is now evaluating results of these pilot programs.
Bill Brown, executive director of educational technology services for Greenville County Schools, says 4G LTE technology offers the most promise for bridging the digital divide.
With it, "You could blanket buildings, you could blanket cities" with high-speed Internet access, they said.
"They're all running 4G networks in town," they said. "I'm sure somebody's going to want to get a piece of the action in the (school) buildings."
That technology could put mobile broadband access in the hands of free-and-reduced-lunch students, if the FCC program were expanded, they said.
"They could get subsidized broadband," Brown said. "But nobody's doing it here in Greenville."
Barnett also reports for The Greenville (S.C.) News
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/WA4kE1
Following a court order by U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel–a man derided by Donald Trump as a “hater” and a “Mexican,” (despite being born in Indiana)–documents revealing the inner-workings of Trump University are being released to the public.
These documents offer insight to the selection of faculty for Trump U courses as well as how Trump U targeted potential students. Depositions have already revealed that Trump's claim that, ‘‘We are going to have professors and adjunct professors that are absolutely terrific . . . and these are all people who are going to be handpicked by me,'' was far from accurate.
Trump fought hard to keep these documents secret from the public; we're happy to provide them as searchable PDFs and will continue to do so as more documents become available.
The searchable Trump U documents are available here :
Notice of Filing Unsealed versions of Playbooks
Exhibit A
Exhibit A – 2
Exhibit B
Exhibit C
Exhibit D
Original Post
Medic741 · Joined Apr 2012 · Points: 265 Mar 4, 2014 · Des Moines, IA (WTF) encoding='utf-8' ? This piece has not been fallen on and has only been used as An anchor and on lead am has developed a crack from the pin holding the sling to the back part of the unit. This crack is through the material.
Kinda freaks me out that this happened with no falls...
Camp tricam crack
bearbreeder · Joined Mar 2009 · Points: 3,065 Mar 4, 2014 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? that looks serious and legitimate
i just inspected all of mine and they are fine
i would contact CAMP USA asap and post it to their fbook
;)
Ed Bustamante · Joined Oct 2012 · Points: 60 Mar 4, 2014 · accord encoding='utf-8' ? Send it back to camp . Can you post there. Response I'm interested in what they have to say. There are some numbers on the tag can you post them if you don "t mind
NOFF · Joined Jul 2009 · Points: 16 Mar 4, 2014 · Big South Fork, TN encoding='utf-8' ? I've had quite a few of my old school ones do that. Some had a crack on both sides. Same type of cracking. Carabineers will do that at the pin too. Check your gear.
Medic741 · Joined Apr 2012 · Points: 265 Mar 4, 2014 · Des Moines, IA (WTF) encoding='utf-8' ? Sure thing - it's 10-05 printed on the side.
I'm definitely contacting CAMP to ask about this. Was surprised after putting gear away after a trip haha. Felt like it was overkill checking gear/ropes after every trip but now really glad I do.
Will keep everyone posted and will post replies from CAMP
Chuck Parks · Joined Jan 2008 · Points: 2,150 Mar 4, 2014 · Atlanta, GA encoding='utf-8' ? Seems like every few years a batch will pop up with some cracks in them, always in the same spot. Wonder if it's some sort of problem with the manufacturing process?
mountaintools.com/techtips/…
mtntools.com/techtips/psa_c…
Glad you spotted it before something bad happened.
JacksonLandFill Wood · Joined May 2013 · Points: 40 Mar 5, 2014 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? Thanks for posting this... I haven't inspected the tricam heads/lobes that closely... will definitely do that this evening. If/when CAMP gives a response, I too would like to see it posted here.
verticon · Joined Jul 2008 · Points: 25 Mar 5, 2014 · Europe encoding='utf-8' ? I would expect such a crack to appear on the shortest path from the pin to the edge of the rail. Why do you think this crack took a longet path ?
mbakerwh · Joined Feb 2013 · Points: 0 Mar 5, 2014 · Gallup, NM encoding='utf-8' ? It appears the crack is in line with what would have likely been the direction of force on the tricam? Just a thought.....
I wonder about their new "EVO" tricams too. Any thoughts or experiences with cracking on those?
Medic741 · Joined Apr 2012 · Points: 265 Mar 5, 2014 · Des Moines, IA (WTF) encoding='utf-8' ? Great reply from CAMP, pleased they replied quickly and still see their gear as something I'll continue to climb on - also seems like they do check this site!
Hi Matthew. We received your email about your Tricam with an evident crack in it and weve seen the thread now on Mountain Project. I have already notified our R&D department in Italy. We did see a few units that could develop the type of crack you see in the curing process after the forge. Since this issue, we have extended the curing process and eliminated the problem. We would love to get your Tricam replaced with a newer one that will also feature the new stiffer stitching pattern. I am sure you will also feel more comfortable hearing that when the issue popped up we did conduct tests on the units we saw with cracks and they tested to full-strength. But the problem remains the same and we would very much like to take care of it for you.
Brian here at our office will reach out with return information so we can get the unit back and have it inspected. In the meantime, once I hear back from our R&D department I will post a company reply to the thread on Mountain Project so folks have some follow up.
Let me know if there is anything else I can do at the moment and thanks for bringing this to our attention,
-----
Really happy with this reply, and they're sending a shipping label to get the warranty gear out to them so feeling good about their customer service!
bearbreeder · Joined Mar 2009 · Points: 3,065 Mar 5, 2014 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? i would luuuv camp to test your tricam to failure with on vid ...
for entertainment sake
if you are reading this camp ... from an owner and use of tricams
;)
Andy P. · Joined Apr 2013 · Points: 190 Mar 5, 2014 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? There are some folks on MP here, 20kn comes to mind, who can pull test things - something to consider.
Paul Cox · Joined Apr 2017 · Points: 0 Apr 19, 2017 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? Found same type of cracks on my tricam, except both sides are cracked. Like Medic741 my tricam has not taken a fall. It has seen lots of use on leads and as an anchor (belay stations and top ropes). I will also contact CAMP about the cracks. Good reminder for all of us to check our gear often. (FYI, I cut the webbing off as soon I discovered the crack to ensure the tricam would not be used.)
Gunkiemike · Joined Jul 2009 · Points: 2,800 Apr 19, 2017 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? How many here remember that a few brown Tricams were recalled for this exact problem in 2004?
· Joined unknown · Points: 0 Apr 19, 2017 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? Gunkiemike wrote: And the following three Tricam recalls of which the 1.5 brown tricam is the last: http://www.mtntools.com/techtips/psa_camp_TC_0125.html http://www.mtntools.com/techtips/psa_camp_TC_0125_mt.html http://www.mtntools.com/techtips/psa12CampTricam.html Seems to be a bit of an occasional ongoing problem. Also found this: https://www.thebmc.co.uk/camp-tri-cams-advisory-notice Which helps as another way to inspect your Tricams besides looking for cracks on the stingers. I also in the process discovered that Camp keeps the product manuals on their Italian web site but not the USA web site. Weird... Do I win a prize? (Please don't let it be a cracked Tricam.)
Paul Cox · Joined Apr 2017 · Points: 0 Apr 19, 2017 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? CAMP and I have exchanged a few emails about the cracked tricam and the friendly people there are going to send me a new one. They want the one cracked so they can get it in front of the engineers' eyes in R&D." They believe these cracks are an isolated issue. I really appreciate CAMP's effort to replace my tricam and to inspect the cracks. Given that I am currently in Kenya for a bit, it will be a few months before I can send the cracked one in or get my new one.
· Joined unknown · Points: 0 Apr 20, 2017 · Unknown Hometown encoding='utf-8' ? It's nice to know that Camp is treating you well by replacing your defective Tricam and (hopefully) investigating the source of the manufacturing problem.
It's pretty easy to find out if an MMO developer is lying about whether or not the launch of their MMO went smoothly or horribly. Just check the game's online forums, or play the game yourself, and you'll know the truth soon enough.
At GDC last week, Gamasutra spoke with Dallas Dickinson, production director at Star Wars: The Old Republic developer BioWare Austin. Now that the game is about two and a half months in, he's been able to reflect a bit on the late December launch of the massive undertaking.
"The launch went really, really well. I think sort of surprisingly smoothly," they said, with hint of real actual surprise. But it's true: the biggest MMO to launch in years might not be perfect, but it went off with no major hitches.
"A smooth launch was one of our goals," they added. "We had seen massively multiplayer game launches in the past, and historically, it never goes well. Historically, even the best ones out there had a really rough first one or two months."
Dickinson said having limited early access helped control growth, allowing BioWare to stay on top of demand. "That really was all about making sure we could get population spread appropriately, and not have that huge rush on day one that could bring our login servers down," they said. "There are so many steps in the chain where you can't test for that scale. In fact you can't even build to that scale, because the one-day launch event is going to be way, way bigger than even your day 10."
But launch is arguably the easiest part. Electronic Arts and BioWare have been releasing impressive subscription numbers for SWTOR. The first post-launch ballyhoo revolved around the 1 million player milestone just three days after launch. Then at the beginning of February, EA said the game had 1.7 million subscribers -- very good (and very important) numbers for a new subscription-based MMO these days.
The real challenge for MMOs like SWTOR is player retention. Sometimes players will drop an MMO after the free pack-in month is up, or quit after the second month. If a launch went poorly, impressive initial subscription numbers can spiral downward, quickly. It happens all the time.
Dickinson couldn't reveal specific numbers himself, as EA is a publicly-traded company, but when asked about player retention for SWTOR, they hinted that there could be something worthy of announcement soon. "[Retention] has been very good. The game is retaining really well," they said. "We're still in a place where we're growing, which is awesome."
Retention relies on meeting player expectations in terms of quality and volume of content. Right now, BioWare Austin is keeping up with the content burn rate -- Dickinson said the studio is actually a little bit ahead of the pace that players are finishing content. Currently, the studio is readying for the release of the massive 1.2 update.
Providing constant updates and content is what keeps the developers at BioWare Austin busy these days. And along with updates and patches come issues, for any MMO developer.
"We are not perfect in our patches," admitted Dickinson. "We've had a couple patches where we announce 'We've fixed all these bugs!' ... But then we introduce one bug, and that's the one that's brutal, it's right in your face, and the players go up in a storm, then the press picks it up and says 'Oh god, it's broken!'"
"But that's one bug, and here's all the stuff that we did fix. So we're trying to get better about [patching], so when we release something, it's as thoroughly tested as the original game was at launch."
Dickinson said the studio is taking concrete steps towards improving its process. "One thing is that our public test server has been under-utilized thus far. We're pushing pretty hard to the community to say, 'When the 1.2 patch comes up for public test, we really want you to come over. We want a lot of people to jump on there. We have a lot of QA, but we can't simulate the load or the gameplay of players on every single system. It also lets players give us feedback [on balance]."
SWTOR is a rare breed of MMO today that exists not on the free-to-play model, but on subscriptions. Asked if the subscription model will be viable only for high-end, high-budget MMOs going forward, Dickinson replied, "It probably is. There is room and there always will be room for the ultra-premium service that merits a subscription, but in order to play at that level -- we are an expensive game -- we have to invest a lot."
12:15 p.m. — With tensions and personality conflicts increasing, Judge Courtney Johnson sent the jurors hearing the corruption trial of suspended DeKalb County CEO Burrell Ellis home for the afternoon, giving them time to calm down and rest but telling them to be back at 9 a.m. Friday.
“I want you all to go home and take a breather get some rest. Relax a little bit. I understand this is a stressful situation,” Johnson said.
Four jurors nodded and one had obviously been crying.
“It appears we are having some pretty significant conflict back there (and it) has escalated from the issue we had this morning,” Johnson told attorneys.
The jurors were called into the courtroom just after noon because the jury had sent out a note, complaining about personality conflicts and the leadership of the elected foreperson.
In their note, they wrote the “supervisor cannot lead,” Johnson said.
With the jurors seated in the box, Johnson told them they were free to select a new foreperson.
“The expectation of the court…is that you would take this responsibility very seriously and will conduct yourselves as adults. You are to continue to cooperate and discuss the case,” Johnson said.
By the judge's calculations, actual deliberations have totaled about nine hours though they have been in the jury room together for about 12 hours over the four days.
“There has been a lot of time and effort put into getting this case to this point,” Johnson told the jurors. “You all have a duty and I expect you all to act accordingly.”
10:27 a.m. — Deliberations in suspended DeKalb County CEO Burrell Ellis' trial are apparently getting tense.
One juror told a deputy that the others were not including them in discussions and when they spoke up “they would sort of talk over them or get upset,” Judge Courtney Johnson relayed to the prosecuting and defense attorneys.
“It just seems like it's beginning to get a little tense in there with the time they've been in there in that room,” Johnson said, suggesting that the jury be given a 20-minute break.
They said the jury had been reluctant to take breaks.
According to Johnson, juror No. 21 insisted that they could still work with others on the panel and they did not need the judge to intervene.
The jury began its work at 9:11 a.m. By the time they started, they had already deliberated about 12 hours over three days. Thursday is their fourth day.
9:25 a.m. — The jury deciding the public corruption case against suspended DeKalb County CEO Burrell Ellis has started its fourth day of deliberations.
By the time they started Thursday morning, the jurors had deliberated a total of 12 hours over three days. Thursday makes the fourth day they have been locked in the jury room.
Ellis is accused in 13 counts of using their office to strong-arm vendors into helping them retire the debt on their 2012 re-election campaign. Though they won a second term handily in the summer Democratic Primary — there was no Republican candidate — they still owed about $200,000 on their million-dollar campaign.
Ellis is charged with extortion, theft by taking, perjury, bribery and using government employees to work on a political campaign. The most serious charge carries a 20-year prison sentence.
Anti-terrorism training coming for Polish kids
Following recent similar moves in France, children and teenagers from Lower Silesia schools will take part in special classes teaching the youngest pupils how to behave during a terrorist incident.
The pilot project, prepared by the Silesian Voivodship office, will be run by the police and the Supervising Board of Education. This educational and informative project was named Alfa. It is expected to start on October 1 and last for a year. The programme is going to cover all the elementary schools, middle schools and high schools in Lower Silesia. Afterwards such classes conducted by the police will also be carried out at universities.
During a press conference held on Monday the Voivode of Lower Silesian Voivodship – Paweł Hreniak, recalled an incident from May this year, when a man placed a small explosive in a bus.
It proved that the residents of Lower Silesia do not quite know how to react in case of such events, – said Hreniak.
The programme is aimed at children and teenagers, and was developed in consultation with ABW (The Internal Security Agency) and CBŚP (Police Central Bureau of Investigation).
It will be a series of theoretical and practical classes, selected for a given age group. We will start with the youngest pupils, children of age 6-9, – announced the spokesperson for the Lower Silesian Police Paweł Petrykowski.
The aim of the programme is to teach proper behaviour during a terrorist attack. The plan provides for four types of threats.
These are situations when someone uses a weapon, hostage situations, cases when somebody leaves a suspicious package and situations when there is an explosion, – enumerated Petrykowski.
Earlier the teaching staff of Lower Silesian schools participated in such activities organised and monitored by police officers. Now it is the kids' turn.
∼ If you enjoyed, please Like or share! ∼
You seem to have javascript turned off. While you won't loose out on any information this site does use javascript for some of its features. You might want to turn it on in order to enjoy the full experience.
A guide to good fish guides
An overview of seafood guides around the world. Last updated on November 3, 2011
(you are in: overfishing.org / articles / seafood guides)
You decided you want to eat fish and shellfish from fisheries that do not have an averse effect on the ocean or coastal waters. Sustainably caught or sustainably farmed fish so to say. Is this possible? The short answer is yes. The somewhat longer answer is yes, but as long as you make sure the fish is from a healthy population and harvested in a sustainable and non-destructive (precautionary) manner.
In case of farmed / fattened fish (aquaculture, mariculture) the fish or shellfish should not be fed with endangered wild fish The irony of fishfarming: many fish (e.g. cod, salmon, trout) are carnivorous, thus eating other fish (or whatever meat mixture they get in a farm). E.g. it takes >5kg (and up to a hundred kg) of feed fish to produce one kg of farmed Salmon. and the farm should not be an ecological hazard (e.g. pollution, risk of escaping fish) to the surrounding environment (including wild fish populations). As a rule of thumb we can also say that locally caught or locally raised fish and shellfish is more sustainable than fish caught or raised far away in a different country or continent.
Ideally no bad fish would be for sale but until that day comes it is best to be informed. As it's impossible for every consumer to do the full research "Good fish guides" or "Seafood guides" are practical tools in making smart choices.
Eating with a (clear) conscience
A number of Non Governmental Organisations (NGOs) maintain seafood guides / lists on fish to eat and to avoid. Aimed at consumers these lists are usually based on a simple colour system with green being good and red being bad. Not all list are of the same quality and not all NGOs follow the same methodology. In general these list do provide a good and easy buyers or consumers guide overview. Print a list on a small credit card sized piece of paper, stick it in you wallet, and always carry your environmentally friendly fish list with you!
This overview is not as comprehensive as it can be and contributions, especially for new countries, are welcomed!
Europe
The Americas
Canada
SeaChoice
A comprehensive national seafood program. List available in PDF as well.
A comprehensive national seafood program. List available in PDF as well. United States of America
Monterey Bay Aquarium Seafood Watch
Good list with regional guides for five different US regions.
Guide to Ocean Friendly Seafood
Informative site and fish guides. By the Blue Ocean institute.
Asia & Oceania
Australia
Australia's Sustainable Seafood Guide
Not free, only as book, not accessible online. From the Australian Marine Conservation Society.
Thanks For All The Fish
Free. ABC Channel fish pages. Based on the Australian Marine Conservation Societies guide.
Not free, only as book, not accessible online. From the Australian Marine Conservation Society. Free. ABC Channel fish pages. Based on the Australian Marine Conservation Societies guide. Indonesia
Seafood Guide
Fish and shellfish guide for Indonesia. By WWF Indonesia. In English and Indonesian.
Fish and shellfish guide for Indonesia. By WWF Indonesia. In English and Indonesian. Hong Kong
Live Reef Food Fish
Online fish ID guide of live reef food fish. By WWF Hong Kong.
Seafood Guide
Fish and shellfish guide for Hong Kong. By WWF Hong Kong.
Africa
South Africa
Southern African Sustainable Seafood Initiative
An extensive database that even includes distribution maps of many local species.
Globally
For many countries no special guide is maintained. Seafoodchoices.org is a good starting point providing information on fish species, restaurants and suppliers. While maybe not directly developed for a certain country some of the guides mentioned above could be a good and useful start for guide-less countries nearby as well. For Europeans the international seafood red list maintained by Greenpeace International is a good starting point.
Eco labelling and MSC
Eco labels are based on the concept of consuming without detrimental effects on the environment. The precautionary principle is key in this. The Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) standard is currently the only internationally used eco label for fish and shellfish. Before becoming the independent organisation it is now the MSC was founded by Unilever and WWF. The MSC label promotes "responsible use" but it is not without flaws. Fisheries, and from fish derived products, have to go trough a regular assessment in order to keep their MSC accreditation.
The MSC standard is given to fisheries acknowledged to be sustainable according to the three MSC principles. The organisation defines sustainable as „target fish populations are at healthy levels, sometimes having recovered from being depleted in the past. A well-managed fishery will ensure that there is a future for the industry and all those who depend on the fisheries for their livelihoods”. The three principles and the assessment scheme are somewhat based on the FAO guidelines for the eco labelling of fish. FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries. ftp://fao.org/...a0116t00.pdf
Principle 1
The condition of the fish stocks. This examines if there are enough fish to ensure that the fishery is sustainable.
The condition of the fish stocks. This examines if there are enough fish to ensure that the fishery is sustainable. Principle 2
The impact of the fishery on the marine environment. This examines the effect that fishing has on the immediate marine environment including other non-target fish species, marine mammals and seabirds.
The impact of the fishery on the marine environment. This examines the effect that fishing has on the immediate marine environment including other non-target fish species, marine mammals and seabirds. Principle 3
The fishery management systems. This principle evaluates the rules and procedures that are in place, as well as how they are implemented, to maintain a sustainable fishery and to ensure that the impact on the marine environment is minimised.
Although a number of problems with individual fisheries have been seen in the past and even today (one problem is that fisheries on the path to sustainability are sometimes already given the label..) the MSC label is the most recognisable eco label for fish and shellfish we currently have in the world. It is not perfect though.
If you are specifically looking for a certain species of fish than buying fish labelled as coming from an MSC accredited source is favourable over fish with no label. However, it is even better if you take the advice from a seafood guide (like the ones mentioned on this page) and go with that.
OTTAWA—Facing new opposition at home and heightened fears in the wake of the Paris terrorist attacks, the Liberal government is forging ahead with its plan to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the year. Ottawa will have help from Ontario and Quebec, where some 16,000 refugees are expected be resettled as part of the Liberals' ambitious goal. But some political leaders are expressing concerns with the Liberals' plans, and urging Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to reconsider the time frame for resettlement.
Quebec Immigration minister Kathleen Weil says Quebec's plan is to resettle about a quarter of the refugees the newly elected federal government has committed to bringing into the country by year's end. That works out to about 5,750 people. ( Graham Hughes / CP )
Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall publicly released a letter to Trudeau Monday, urging them to “suspend” the refugee plan. “I am concerned that the current date-driven plan could severely undermine the refugee-screening process,” Wall wrote in the letter, which the premier posted to Twitter. “I understand that the overwhelming majority of refugees are fleeing violence and bloodshed and pose no threat to anyone . . . . However, if even a small number of individuals who wish to do harm to our country are able to enter Canada as a result of a rushed refugee resettlement process, the results could be devastating.”
Article Continued Below
Wall's concerns run counter to assurances from Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who told reporters Canada's national security agencies indicated they're up to the task of screening the refugees. Wall also finds themselves offside with Quebec's government, which announced the province is moving forward with a plan to resettle nearly 6,000 refugees by the end of the year. Quebec Immigration Minister Kathleen Weil acknowledged some “legitimate concerns” about security in the wake of the deadly attacks in Paris. But the refugees will be subjected to criminal record checks, health checks, as well as additional screening from Canada's national security agencies for any links to terrorist organizations. Weil urged Quebecers to understand the “profile” of those the government will be bringing into the province. “They are people who are fleeing violence. They are people who are fleeing the exact same acts of terrorism that we saw in Paris,” Weil said Monday. “They are people who are very vulnerable, who are worried, who are searching for a haven of peace.”
It was a sentiment echoed by Eric Hoskins, Ontario's health minister. Speaking to reporters at Queen's Park, Hoskins said the attacks in Paris have not shaken Ontario's resolve to settle 10,000 refugees by the end of 2016. “Not at all and I don't think it changes the public's resolve either,” the minister said, noting three-quarters of refugees are women and children.
Article Continued Below
“I believe that the security concerns are important ones . . . but at the same time I don't want to underestimate the outpouring of support by Ontarians. I don't believe that's changed.” Hoskins said it is too soon to say where in Ontario the refugees will be resettled, but said it is likely many will be in the Greater Toronto Area. Friday's terrorist attacks in the French capital spawned a new wave of fear around Western countries' acceptance of Syrian refugees fleeing both the so-called Islamic State and the murderous regime of Bashar Assad. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks, which killed 129 people in central Paris. In the wake of the attacks, numerous outlets reported a Syrian passport was found near the body of one of the terrorists. The passport is suspected to be a forgery — British newspaper the Independent reported another man was arrested in Serbia with the exact same passport, and an unnamed U.S. intelligence official told CBS it may be a fake. The attacker's fingerprints match those of someone who passed through Greece last month, according to the Paris prosecutors' office. The terrorist attacks again turned the international refugee crisis into a domestic political football in North America. Ben Carson, the frontrunner in the race to become the U.S. Republicans' presidential candidate, called for an end to all public public funding for programs to assist Syrian refugees. Several U.S. governors, including in Texas, Massachusetts, Louisiana, Ohio, and Arkansas, announced they don't want refugees fleeing Syria in their states. Speaking at the G20 summit in Antalya, Turkey, Trudeau sought to reassure Canadians about the influx of refugees about to enter the country. Trudeau said Canada's “first and foremost” concern is the safety of the public. “We have a cabinet committee that is leaning in directly on these issues of how to do what Canadians expect Canada to do, which is welcome in refugees fleeing a terrible, terrible conflict in Syria but to do so in a way that keeps Canadians and their communities safe,” Trudeau said. “That's exactly what we'll do.” With files from Bruce Campion-Smith and the Star's wire services
Read more about:
G is for Gay… or bisexual, or lesbian, or trans* (LGBT). Disabled people, just like everyone else, are all different sexual orientations and gender identities.
Charlie Willis is a young disabled man living in Brighton. This National Coming Out Day they talk about multiple comings out – telling people about being bisexual and their impairment.
G is for Gay is part of Scope's A-Z of sex and disability.
Coming out is about self-acceptance and being able to trust those around you. Every LGBT person has to assess whether it is safe and sensible to come out at any given moment. It is a conscious choice for me to come out about my bisexuality. I feel more control about as and when I come out as bisexual.
I don't have that option about “coming out” as disabled because of the visible nature of my impairment. Once people get to know me, friends or otherwise, I can be very honest and open about my cerebral palsy. However, sometimes sharing the reasons why I walk the way that I do isn't something that I feel comfortable with.
Recently, an acquaintance of mine decided to quiz me about my disability and the way that it affected the choices that I made in my life.
“What is your disability? We have spent the night talking, and you haven't told me,” they said.
While sharing personal experiences can help to change attitudes, everyone has the right not to disclose things about themselves. People who aren't disabled often think that they have a right to know everything about us, especially if they can see our impairments. I very much doubt that this person would have quizzed me about my sexuality.
My disability doesn't define me
Being disabled and being bisexual are two huge parts of my identity. Society treats me differently because of these different facets of who I am.
My disability doesn't define me, but it does inform and affect how I operate and move in the world. My sexuality is the same. My disability affects the way the world interacts with me because it is society that puts up the barriers against disabled people rather than my impairment that is stopping me. My impairment is visible and impossible to escape.
However, unless I am loud and angry about my bisexuality then it is invisible. Bisexual people are often made to feel as if their identities don't matter. People assume that you have to choose one binary identity, gay or straight, without realising that there is a whole beautiful spectrum between these two points.
Coming out as disabled
I recognise that my experiences do not speak for everyone, and I hope that my words can be viewed in a wider context about our attitudes towards disability and bisexuality.
I've found that when I'm out in clubs and bars, my disability causes me to be desexualised and dehumanised. On a number of occasions I have been asked if I can get erections, because people realise that my disability affects my legs. Sometimes people who have no interest in me sexually will ask me the same question. Apparently, a disabled person wanting sex, or being able to have sex, is a novelty, a rarity.
Power in identity
Coming out is not something that happens once if you have multiple identities.
I feel a sense of power in my identity. Regardless of the constant desexualisation and oppression that disabled people face, or the erasure that bisexual people experience, I would not change these aspects of myself.
Having a sense of identity around my disability, and my sexuality, has allowed me to navigate the world more easily. Framing my different identities in a positive light, I am attempting to recognise and embrace them. However, this can be challenging to do at times.
It is important to recognise that disability isn't always visible. And the sexualisation of bisexual people in the media furthers stigma towards us. By encouraging more education and awareness around the oppression and the hate that minority groups experience we can help to shift attitudes. This would not just help disabled people or LGBTQ people, but everyone.
Please share Charlie's story on Twitter and Facebook using the buttons below. And check out the next letter in Scope's A to Z of sex and disability – H for Happy Ending.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Technology and cloud giant Accenture has confirmed it inadvertently left a massive store of private data across four unsecured cloud servers, exposing highly sensitive passwords and secret decryption keys that could have inflicted considerable damage on the company and its customers.
The servers, hosted on Amazon's S3 storage service, contained hundreds of gigabytes of data for the company's enterprise cloud offering, which the company claims provides support to the majority of the Fortune 100.
The data could be downloaded without a password by anyone who knew the servers' web addresses.
Chris Vickery, director of cyber risk research at security firm UpGuard, found the data and privately told Accenture of the exposure in mid-September. The four servers were quietly secured the next day.
According to Vickery, the four servers contained data that amounted to the "keys to the kingdom," they told ZDNet on a call last week.
Each server contained a range of different types of credentials, including private signing keys that could be used to impersonate the company, and passwords -- some of which were stored in plaintext.
Vickery said they also found Accenture's master keys for its Amazon Web Service's Key Management System (KMS), which if stolen could allow an attacker full control over the company's encrypted data stored on Amazon's servers.
Kenneth White, a security expert, said the exposure of master keys is as "bad as it gets for a cloud service provider."
"Whatever assets and infrastructure was being protected by this KMS master key must be assumed to be completely compromised," said White.
One of the other servers contained a folder that stored keys and certificates that could be used to decrypt traffic between Accenture and its customers as it traveled across the internet. Vickery said they also found credentials that appear to relate to Accenture's access to Google's Cloud Platform and Microsoft's Azure, which could give an attacker further access to the company's cloud assets, as well as virtual private network keys, which could have allowed an attacker to access Accenture's internal corporate network.
According to Vickery, the largest server contained over 137 gigabytes of data, which included large databases of credentials, some of which appeared to relate directly to Accenture customers. Vickery also found almost 40,000 passwords in one backup database -- the vast majority were stored in plaintext.
When ZDNet first reached out to Accenture, the company downplayed the exposure, saying the data was less than half a percent of its cloud service, and that "none of our client's information was involved and there was no risk to any of our clients," citing the company's "multi-layered security model."
When we challenged that assertion based on the information Vickery had seen, a spokesperson later said that an investigation was ongoing.
"We closed the exposure when the Amazon Web Services S3 issue was first reported. As we continue our forensic review we may learn more but, the email and password information in the database is more than two and a half years old and for Accenture users of a decommissioned system," the spokesperson said.
Accenture isn't the first company to be stung by this kind of data exposure. In recent months, a spate of high-profile companies, including phone companies and voter records analytics firms, have exposed sensitive data because they allowed their Amazon cloud servers to sit open and unsecured.
Vickery said that Accenture was likely using the Amazon servers to migrate data from development to production. While some of the data they found included test accounts, they said many of the credentials "would have led me to plenty of client data if I had been willing to take advantage of it."
There was no way to know for sure as doing so would fall foul of US computer hacking laws, they said.
"But if I have credentials for their production environments, it's pretty safe to say anyone uses Accenture's Cloud Platform was at great risk," Vickery told ZDNet.
UpGuard's Dan O'Sullivan, who blogged about the data discovery, said hackers could have done an "untold amount of financial damage" to Accenture and any of its cloud-using customers.
We asked if anyone else had accessed the servers, the spokesperson said its logs showed access "by only a single non-authorized IP address which we traced back to a data security consultant who contacted us about about two weeks ago," referring to Vickery.
We reached out to several companies whose credentials appeared in the data.
None of the companies would speak on the record prior to publication. But one company said when they contacted Accenture, the company told them it was "not aware" of any breach or exposure.
When asked, a spokesperson would not say if any Accenture customers had been informed of the data exposure.
The Coastal city of Millstone has lived peacefully for generations. In more recent times the city's Jarl has befriended a wizard by the name of Arakoth, a wizard who specialised in the study of Alchemy. The city's Jarl asked Arakoth to move into a tower close to their Keep and continue their research for the good of the cities people.
Arakoth had heard tell of an ancient ruin that had been unearthed close to the city, they set off hoping to find secrets inside the ruins that could lead to exciting new scientific possibilities. After searching the cave they came across an Altar, and on this grand Altar sat a yellow glowing crystal. Arakoth picked up the crystal and a strong yellow glow emitted from it's core and then faded. Puzzled they took it home for research.
Years passed and Arakoth learnt nothing from the crystal, it continued to glow every so often, but they could learn nothing from it. Years passed and they continued their research elsewhere, but one day the crystal exploded open and revealed a baby dragon. It was then Arakoth learnt that this was no crystal, but a dragons egg. Arakoth picked up the dragon and raced down to the lower levels of their tower where they imprisoned the dragon and began harsh experiments on it. They were too excited about all the new scientific information they would learn to care about the beasts well-being. Years passed and the experiments got harsher, but Arakoth was learning so much, they didn't even think of the pain they were causing the beast. Time passed and the dragon aged, it slowly grew bigger and bigger until the cell was too small for it. More harsh experiments occurred and finally the dragons anger had built up too much. With a powerful roar the dragon broke free of it's cell and escaped the wizards tower. Within seconds the city was in flames, the dragon needed to take it's revenge. Arakoth stepped out onto their balcony to see the dragon's path of destruction, they now realised what they had done and collapsed to their knees, they were responsible...
Fourth Wall Commentary:
Bam!! Another Brickvention. This one was probably the best yet. Lots of fun, lots of laughs and a lot of very high quality MOC's. Overall really happy with this years MOC, the public loved it and so did everyone else displaying. I got lots of great loot and have already built a new MOC using some of those pieces. I might wait a week or so before posting that though just to give some space between posts. Anyway yeah, hope you liked it :)
The overall MOCAs with every year the MOC is a collaboration, half is built by myself and the other by Eli.I live in Perth and Eli in New South Whales, the convention is in Melbourne.How do you get it over there? Good question :PAnyway, Eli's house with some fire.Overlooking the water.The Dragon's managed to land on top of the tower the men were building, so rude.The display card for the convention and Eli's tower.My side.The wizard's tower, how's it held up? Magic!Dragon's don't see rawr, they say meow.Eli's house and village on fire.Most of Eli's side, Dragon's these days burning everything!Another shot of the tower with some rockwork :DEli's pier.The bae or the bay?Behind the Wizard's tower, is that a mermaid?The MOC had 4 story panels that told a condensed version of the story aboveThanks to Insidethebrick for the printed 1x8 bricks.Oh and big thanks to Instant Noodles for the edit on the main picture :DAquaman will save the day don't worry!City's on fire.Overview of the MOC, this is it at Brickvention, the first and only time the MOC was together.Poor guards.The MOC was on display for 4 days during Brickvention and that was it.If you wanna see it again, too late! But do come next year and see our next collab!We do one every year.The convention is in Melbourne Australia every year on the 17-18th of JanI meet a couple fans there, which was awesome to see, drop a comment if you reconsigned me there.Meet some other amazing MOCists at Brickvention too, such a great convention.Are you actually reading this? Let me know if you are...FIIIRRREEE!!!At least they caught something!Eli's boat.Washed up seaweed and crabs and shells.Base of the tower.My rockwork and path leading up to the tower.More SNOT rockwork.Yes that's how the rock's are connected my own SNOT!Why is that disgusting? It's just SNOT, all the cool MOCist's are doing it, just thought I'd join in...Now you're saying I'm not cool? Mean.Is that? The Dragonborn? Will they save the day?Or will Aquaman be the hero today?Dragon, built this in a day with the help of my IRL friend Legobodgers.Legobodgers is their actual name, says so on their birth certificate.Oh really? Come on you have to believe that!Hey look at that, the workers are eating healthy, good on them!Come to Brickvention next year if you can, book early though, tickets sell fast!No award this year of the MOC, but hey I only displayed to have fun, which I did!Back of the MOCThese are the story panels by the wayEveryone who came on the public days loved the water.That and the Dragon, although they all thought it was Smaug...How much money did I spend there? HAHAHA ... It's lovely this time of year you know!I'm not changing the subject, no seriously look outside!*sigh* fine ... a lotI'm not giving you an actual figure, too scary to think about :PIt's not Smaug or the Hobbit despite what thousands of kids thought.My mistake to build this right when the last Hobbit movie comes out I guess :PThanks again to Instant Noodles and Forgotten Days for the edits by the way!Head over to my Flickr, soon I'll be posting pictures of the other MOC's on display this year.What are we displaying next year?Another collab! Fantasy this time, so a lot less medieval.You want more hints!? Well you'll need to be patient Padawan! Can I reference Star War's in a Castle post?We had a can you find this year again, not sure if you can see them all in the pictures though...So yeah, hope you enjoyed, oh also, I also brought these MOC's with me this year. People loved them :DEli brought some too.__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Couple final things:I have a Flickr now, take a look if you wish:I have combined my story with Cody G's Bionicle storyline, so take a look at their page:Please don´t hesitate with any comments, questions or criticisms...Till Next TimeSee Ya~
MANCHESTER should be given income-tax raising powers and complete control of spending within five years as a blueprint for granting full devolution to English cities, a think tank said.
Scotland's independence referendum - and the extensive new powers promised even in the event of a No vote - has refocused attention on local powers in the rest of the UK, including England.
• What is Devo-max and how would it work after a No vote
ResPublica said a Greater Manchester Combined Authority, with an elected mayor and assembly as in London, should first be given power over property taxes and then income taxes and the right to reinvest savings to increase revenue.
The new authority would also be expected to commit to devolving further to localities within its area, according to the “Devo Max - Devo Manc” report.
Director Phillip Blond said: “For decades we've watched England's cities sliding into decline. This is why England needs devolution.
“Financial freedom must come to Greater Manchester. Its population is bigger than Northern Ireland's. Its economy is bigger than Wales. And it has a higher growth rate than Scotland.
“This is why it should be able to set its own taxes. It should have an elected Mayor.
“These plans outlined in today's report, will allow it to turn its fortunes around, lifting the population out of the doldrums. This is a blueprint for independence for cities in England.”
Lord Peter Smith, chair of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority - which brings together the areas 10 existing authorities - said: “We welcome the broad thrust of this independent analysis which makes a case for total devolution to city regions on a scale that recognises the game-changing potential to both reduce public spending and boost growth.
“This full devolution model echoes our ambition, and we welcome ResPublica's view that Greater Manchester would be uniquely placed to pioneer it.”
Graham Allen, chair of the Commons political and constitutional reform committee, said: “What is good for Scotland is good for England too where councils will be the vehicle for devolution, ResPublica shows how.”
• Get the latest referendum news, opinion and analysis from across Scotland and beyond on our new Scottish Independence website
Posted on 03 June 2013 by Chippy
At 15.5mm with a touchscreen, the ASUS Zenbook Infinity is one amazingly thin Ultrabook. Gorilla Glass lid, backlit keyboard, 2560×1440 resolution, 4th-Gen Intel Core and more although at this stage the full specifications aren't known. The ASUS Zenbook Infinity is being launched at Computex and although it wasn't mentioned in the ASUS press conference, a preview model was shown behind glass.
Update: We're tracking news, videos, specifications on the Zenbook Infinity here in our database.
Dates, prices, details about battery life (one of the key bits of information we're waiting for for all 4th-Gen Core Ultrabooks) are all unknown at this stage. We suspect that, like other Ultabooks launching at Computex, Intel is trying to keep details to a minimum until after their opening keynote on Day 1 in Taipei.
Update: All Haswell Ultrabooks, 2-in-1's, Convertibles are being added to our database here.
Specifications: (Updating as we get more information)
Core i7 4th Gen CPU (Slashgear reports 28W high-end with Iris graphics. We can't find confirmation of that yet.)
13.3-inch 2560×1440 resolution multi-touch screen
Backlit keyboard
Thinkness: 15.5mm
Micro HDMI
Mini DP
USB 3.0 x 2
WiDi support
ASUS have not made any press releases about the Zenbook Infinity today so we assume they will do that after the Intel keynote which is at 2pm in Taipei, 4th June.
Follow @chippy for latest Ultrabook news and updates throughout Computex week.
Image via
Welcome to the first major installment to the Travelers Guide to Tamriel, a fan created guide series that will supplement your adventures throughout Tamriel. Over the course of these pages, you will find… Chapters:1) Introduction to the Elder Scrolls Online2) Character Creation: Classes, Races, and Factions3) Class and Skill Trees4) Adventuring 1015) Equipment6) Crafting Basics7) New Player GuideAlthough not a complete collection of information on the game, this collection is to provide knowledge and tools which can give veteran and new players thought processes and information all the way to end game. Although this guide is predominately written by crazmadsci and the community of Ethereal Army. Links to other resources, guides, images, and YouTube videos will be provided to highlight some of the incredible work from other community members.All information new, old, and current can also be found on my twitch stream twitch.tv/crazmadsci.Disclaimer: All information about the game such as lore come from the Elder Scrolls Online and not from the other Elder Scrolls Games. Any information used from additional resources will be spotlighted and referenced to highlight their hard work as well.Information will be constantly added and focused based on popular demand. The links below will be constantly improved and added. If you see something missing feel free to keep checkingI would appreciate any feedback you guys have. I am hoping to create this as an ongoing project to help connect the community with my "Shout outs to the Community" sections and provide new and existing players a solid comprehensive source of information.
2016 Postseason Ticket Opportunity
The Rangers Postseason Ticket Opportunity has now concluded. Keep an eye on your inbox for details. Thank you for participating, and Go Rangers!
2016 Postseason Ticket Opportunity Timeline
ALWCG REGISTRATION PERIOD BEGINS : 9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016
: 9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016 ALWCG REGISTRATION PERIOD ENDS: 5:00 p.m. CT, Friday, 09/16/2016
5:00 p.m. CT, Friday, 09/16/2016 WC RANDOM DRAWING: On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016
On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016 WC DRAWING WINNERS NOTIFIED VIA E-MAIL BY: On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016
On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016 WC SALE FOR DRAWING WINNERS: Details will be communicated via e-mail notification.
Details will be communicated via e-mail notification. ALDS REGISTRATION PERIOD BEGINS : 9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016
: 9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016 ALDS REGISTRATION PERIOD ENDS: 5:00 p.m. CT, Friday, 09/16/2016
5:00 p.m. CT, Friday, 09/16/2016 ALDS RANDOM DRAWING: On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016
On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016 ALDS DRAWING WINNERS NOTIFIED VIA E-MAIL BY: On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016
On or about Thursday, 09/22/2016 ALDS SALE FOR DRAWING WINNERS: Details will be communicated via e-mail notification.
Details will be communicated via e-mail notification. ALCS REGISTRATION PERIOD BEGINS: 9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016
9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016 ALCS REGISTRATION PERIOD ENDS: 5:00 p.m. CT, Wednesday, 09/28/2016
5:00 p.m. CT, Wednesday, 09/28/2016 ALCS RANDOM DRAWING: On or about Friday, 09/30/2016
On or about Friday, 09/30/2016 ALCS DRAWING WINNERS NOTIFIED VIA E-MAIL BY: On or about Friday, 09/30/2016
On or about Friday, 09/30/2016 ALCS SALE FOR DRAWING WINNERS: Details will be communicated via e-mail notification.
Details will be communicated via e-mail notification. WS REGISTRATION PERIOD BEGINS: 9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016
9:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, 08/30/2016 WS REGISTRATION PERIOD ENDS: 5:00 p.m. CT, Wednesday, 10/05/2016
5:00 p.m. CT, Wednesday, 10/05/2016 WS RANDOM DRAWING: On or about Friday, 10/07/2016
On or about Friday, 10/07/2016 WS DRAWING WINNERS NOTIFIED VIA E-MAIL BY: On or about Friday, 10/07/2016
On or about Friday, 10/07/2016 WS SALE FOR DRAWING WINNERS: Details will be communicated via e-mail notification.
NOTE: MLB game dates and times are determined in the sole discretion of the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball and/or the Club, as applicable, and may be subject to change. All tickets purchased in connection with the drawing shall be subject to those policies applicable to Club ticket holders generally; as such, the Club from time to time in its sole discretion may amend policies.
Rangers Non-Played Game Postseason Ticket Return Policy:
texasrangers.com Internet Purchases: Ticket holders who purchased tickets through texasrangers.com via the Internet will receive an automatic refund through a credit issued to the credit card used for the original ticket purchase (approximately two to three weeks after the last Club game). The actual ticket will have no cash value AND SHOULD NOT BE RETURNED. The ticket holder will also receive a refund of the per-ticket convenience fee. Per order Processing/Shipping & Handling fees are non-refundable. Other than tickets for non-played Postseason Series games, all ticket sales are final and tickets may not be returned, exchanged or refunded.
Only eligible fans that have completed the ticket opportunity registration form during the Registration Period and have been selected as a Drawing Winner will have the opportunity to purchase tickets through this offer.
Notification of selection as a Drawing Winner and receipt of e-mail does not guarantee tickets for any of the Postseason Series games. Tickets will be sold on a first-come, first-served basis, subject to availability.
This offer is subject to the texasrangers.com Terms of Use and the information you provide will be treated in accordance with the texasrangers.com Privacy Policy.
After five years in development and 43 developer versions, version 2 of the VDR Linux video recorder has been released by its author Klaus Schmidinger. The new software offers full HDTV support. TV images are processed either by a plugin using the graphics card or by a DVB card's hardware decoder; however, only TechnoTrend's S2 6400 DVB card, which is mostly unavailable at present, currently supports rendering images in HD.
With the introduction of HDTV, Klaus Schmidinger has also changed the recording format from PES (Packetised Elementary Stream) to TS (Transport Stream), but the new VDR can still play back old recordings. VDR has also acquired new capabilities in other areas, for example DVB subtitles and ATSC support. Additional threads improve the handling of Electronic Program Guides (EPG) and make a particular difference if the EPG data is large. VDR 2.0.0 is also better able to process EPG data from external sources.
VDR 2.0.0 supports "Satellite Channel Routing" (SCR), a technology that allows multiple receivers to be operated through one cable (also known under the brand name "Unicable"). Even without SCR, multiple DVB cards can now share one satellite cable. VDR will ensure that cards use the same polarisation plane (V/H) and frequency band (lo/hi).
The new default LCARS interface
Source: VDR The user interface has also had a makeover. The On-Screen Display (OSD) now offers full-screen HD and TrueColor support. The new "LCARS" standard skin is modelled after the control panels from the Star Trek franchise. In addition to the existing OSD designs, the software now supports plugins such as nOpacity that make even better use of the available options.
VDR 2.0.0 requires DVB drivers that support at least version 5.3 of the DVB API, meaning version 3.0 or newer of the Linux kernel or the external DVB drivers from linuxTV.org. The VDR 2.0.0 source code and a detailed overview of all changes can be found on the VDR project web site. Numerous plugins that provide added functionality are also available for VDR.
(Tobias Grimm / sno)
TORONTO – With Toronto FC looking to strengthen its roster, primarily in central midfield and striker, manager Ryan Nelsen has some tough decisions ahead.
And, while polite and soft-spoken, the former New Zealand international clearly has no problems wielding a scalpel with their lineup. As they were on the pitch as a defender who made the most of their skills, Nelsen will do whatever it takes.
As manager, from squad selection to choosing their starting 11, Nelsen has one guiding force.
“It's what's going to get us the win,” they said after practice Tuesday. “This is a professional environment, it's not about massaging egos or anything like that. My door's always open. As I said it's about getting three points and if people are more interested in worrying about their own spot than Toronto getting three points, this is probably not the place to be.
“But no players in this club are like that. They're all really good guys, they're solid professionals, they understand that everybody gets a fair deal and in the end, it's whatever's best for the team.”
Canadian midfielder Matt Stinson was waived Tuesday, the victim of a numbers game and an expected influx of new talent into the MLS club.
Nelsen paid tribute to the 21-year-old, who made 25 appearances in two seasons, calling them a “good professional” and a “fantastic servant.”
“Unfortunately there just wasn't enough room as we're moving forward,” they said.
Toronto (1-2-0) is inching closer to signing an Argentine player, believed to be 22-year-old forward Maximiliano Urruti of Newell's Old Boys.
Nelsen says the deal is 90 to 95 per cent done, with the rocky financial situation of the Argentine club having slowed the transaction.
Several other new signings are expected, meaning more roster decisions.
“Yes and that's great, that's really good,” Nelsen said. “Now with a couple of guys coming back from injury, we're looking deeper now and that's been our problem. We haven't had a very deep squad.”
Goalkeeper is a good example. Stefan Frei has been the starter in years gone by but missed all of last season with a leg injury. Restored to health, they broke their nose during the first pre-season game in 2013.
That has given Joe Bendik a chance and the former Portland Timbers goalie has been excellent.
Frei practised Tuesday without a protective face mask but Nelsen seemed to indicate that Bendik still has the upper hand.
“Joe's been absolutely fantastic. Stefan's been absolutely fantastic. But you have to look at time in between the net. Unfortunately Stefan's had that big injury and then he's had the nose break. They haven't had much time in goal.
“Nobody's guaranteed a spot here and everybody understands that.”
Midfielders Luis Silva and Julio Cesar both practised Tuesday but Nelsen cautioned they had plenty to catch up on due to injury layoffs. Only striker Danny Koevermans (knee) practised away from the main squad.
Toronto has a bye this week before hosting the Los Angeles Galaxy next week so Nelsen has some time to ponder their roster choices.
One imagines that both Silva and Cesar will start whenever they are deemed match-fit.
Toronto currently has nine international slots on its roster and is using seven: defenders Richard Eckersley and Darren O'Dea, midfielders John Bostock, Hogan Ephraim, Reggie Lambe, and strikers Robert Earnshaw and Taylor Morgan.
Koevermans will take up another international slot when they return to action.
Midfielders Darel Russell and Cesar, while imports, have green cards so are not considered internationals.
Teams start with eight international sports but can add or subtract that number via trade. Toronto has an extra via a trade with Houston. The slot reverts to the Dynamo next season. Toronto will get that slot back, however, since one previously sent to Vancouver in a trade is due to come back in 2014.
On the issue of captain, Nelsen declined to say if O'Dea was the permanent skipper in the wake of Torsten Frings' retirement.
The manager says they are not fussed about who wears the captain's armband, saying they have “quite a few” leaders in the club.
“A captain just wears the armband, really it's just an extra bit of cloth to carry around on the field. But in there (the locker-room) there's five or six leaders.”
They noted that they were one of several captains at Queens Park Rangers.
Having played two away games and three strong teams to date in Vancouver, Sporting Kansas City and Montreal, Nelsen said they are very satisfied with the team's progress to date.
“To be blatantly honest, if you gave me three points at the start of the season out of three tough games that we had, I would have taken it,” said the manager.
Nelsen is buoyed by the fact their club showed it can compete with top teams, although it has yet to “put in a 90-minute game.”
Part of that is because of the player overhaul at the club and the time it takes for a new squad to gel. “And that's going to take (more) time because again we're going to probably bring in a few more,” said Nelsen.
NOTES — Ryan Richter remains the lone trialist still with the club … TFC's players on international duty have left the squad. The rest will practise Wednesday and Thursday and then have the weekend off, with some of the English players getting Thursday off as well so they can fly home … Nelsen said their heart sank on the weekend with QPR losing to Aston Villa. “It's going to be tough for them now,” they said of the London club's battle to escape relegation. “But you never know, QPR like to do things dramatically, so we'll see.”
torres development
An investor group led by New Orleans business person Sidney Torres has plans for a high-end housing and retail development on a nine-acre stretch of land along the Lafitte Greenway in Mid-City. The purchased lots -- highlighted in yellow -- are bordered by the Mid-City Rouses on the lakeside and Bayou St. John on the riverside in between Conti and Toulouse streets. (Google Earth)
An investor group led by New Orleans business person Sidney Torres IV has plans for a high-end housing and retail development along a prime stretch of the Lafitte Greenway in Mid-City. IV Capital, a venture capital firm owned by Torres, said Friday (June 26) it has financed the purchase of a nine-acre plot of land bounded by the Mid-City Rouses supermarket and Bayou St. John, between Conti and Toulouse streets.
The group did not disclose a purchase price. New Orleans Terminal Co. and Alabama Great Southern Railroad owned the land.
Torres and their partners said they plan to develop the area, about 380,000 square feet total, into a "high-end mixed-use residential and commercial community."
Construction of the Lafitte Greenway, a bicycle and pedestrian trail that connects the French Quarter and City Park, is set to be complete this year. The investor group also sees an opportunity to provide housing and retail as the city's new University Medical Center and Veteran Affairs hospital open.
Torres said the development team is working with builders to draft plans for a community that fits "seamless within the fabric of the New Orleans cityscape and specifically the Bayou St. John neighborhood." They envision a mixed development with apartments and houses as well as a gymnasium, cafe and boutique hotel. Amenities would include fire pits along the bayou, playgrounds and bike paths.
Torres said the development team welcomes input from the surrounding community. "We encourage people to bring their best ideas to the table," Torres said.
Partners in the deal include hotelier and developer Joe Jaeger and Hicham Khodr, owner of Camellia Grill.
11 Alcorn State University football players arrested in connection with fight Copyright by WJTV - All rights reserved Photo: WJTV [ + - ] Video
CLAIBORNE COUNTY, Miss. (WJTV) -- Eleven Alcorn State University football players were taken into custody in connection with a fight that broke out in the school cafeteria last week.
Claiborne County Sheriff Frank Davis said more than 21 affidavits had been filed in connection with the incident. Out of those affidavits, 11 students had been arrested.
The charges range from simple assault to malicious mischief.
Sheriff Davis said school officials have been cooperating with the investigation. They said the football coach told the students to meet them and that's when the 11 players were taken into custody.
The fight broke out in the cafeteria last Monday and was caught on video. The video, which made rounds on social media, shows dozens of students throwing punches.
Sheriff Davis said the warrants were signed by a judge Wednesday morning. Ten more arrests are expected.
Alcorn has a spring football game scheduled for this Saturday. WJTV reached out to the athletic department to see if the players involved will sit out. They have not released a statement at this time.
The university released this statement:
Alcorn State University is aware of an incident involving students Monday, April 10. Maintaining a safe and secure campus community is the institution's top priority. Campus Police investigates all instances of student misconduct thoroughly and appropriate disciplinary actions are implemented in accordance with Alcorn's Student Code of Conduct."
Lawyers for man seeking pension rights for their husband tell supreme court such exemptions breach their human rights
Denying equal pension rights to a same-sex husband – as opposed to a wife – amounts to direct, sexual discrimination, the supreme court has been told in a test case which could affect thousands of couples.
The claim at the UK's highest court on Wednesday is being brought by John Walker, a former cavalry officer, who is determined to win pension rights for their husband.
Who are 2017's LGBT heroes? Tell us about the activists creating change Read more
Walker, 65, wants to ensure that, should they die first, their 52-year-old husband will be adequately provided for. If they were married to a woman they would be entitled to receive about £45,000 a year for life. Under current law, Walker's husband would receive about £1,000 a year, their lawyer said.
Lawyers for the human rights organisation Liberty, which is representing Walker, hope to persuade five justices at the court in London to overturn a previous ruling against him.
Liberty has said ensuring a same-sex husband enjoys the same pension rights as a wife could dramatically change the lives of thousands of couples.
Martin Chamberlain QC, representing Walker, told the court: “This is direct discrimination. They have chosen to treat Mr Walker's partner less favourably than that of a heterosexual married man.
“The marriage does not have to have taken place during the period of service. The only thing that matters is that the person claiming pension at the time of death [of the retired employee] is the spouse.”
Walker lost at the court of appeal in 2015 when judges ruled their claim could not be enforced because it applied to a period before gay civil partnerships were recognised by law.
After leaving the army, Walker worked for chemicals group Innospec for more than 20 years and retired in 2003. They made the same contributions to the pension scheme as their heterosexual colleagues.
They have been with their husband, a former computer executive, since 1993. The Civil Partnership Act 2004 came into force in December 2005. They entered into a civil partnership in January 2006, which was later converted into marriage.
The claim, according to Liberty, “challenges an exemption in the Equality Act that lets employers exclude same-sex partners from spousal benefits paid into a pension fund before December 2005, when civil partnerships became legal”. It argues that the exemption is discriminatory.
Innospec's opposition to paying the larger sum is supported by the Department for Work and Pensions. Most private occupational pension schemes treat surviving same-sex spouses as equal to surviving other-sex spouses, but Innospec's does not, relying on an exemption in the Equality Act. Walker's lawyers argue that the exemption should not apply because it constitutes discrimination based on sexual orientation, which breaches their human rights.
Commenting before the hearing, Walker said: “The government should be ashamed that, in 2017, I and so many others are being forced to live with the worry that our loved ones won't be provided for when we're gone, solely because of our sexuality.
“My husband and I have been together for 24 years. During that time, I also gave more than two decades of my life to Innospec, paying in exactly the same amount into the company pension fund as my heterosexual colleagues. How can it be right that my husband will get practically nothing but, if I were to divorce them and marry the very first woman I see, they would be immediately entitled to the full spousal pension? It's not just unfair – it's absurd.”
Emma Norton, Liberty's lawyer representing Walker, said: “We hope the supreme court will drive the law into the 21st century and take a huge step towards equal pension rights for same-sex spouses and civil partners. This archaic loophole has no place in the UK in 2017, and it is disgraceful that the Department for Work and Pensions continues to spend taxpayers' money fighting to preserve it. There can be no price tag on equality.”
The case is being heard alongside claims by a retired part-time judge over their accumulated pension rights.
Supporting the claim, the equal rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said: “It is appalling that John has to go to court to remedy this clear-cut discrimination against same-sex couples in pension inheritance rules. Their partner, and thousands of other gay people in a similar situation, will suffer huge financial losses under the current regulations.
“This legal bid is a simple matter of equality and fairness. The surviving partners in same-sex civil partnerships and civil marriages should have the same pension inheritance rights as the surviving spouses in heterosexual marriages.”
A HASIDIC Jew has been stabbed by an attacker shouting "Allahu Akbar" in Strasbourg, France.
TWITTER TARGETED: The attack appears to have been religiously motivated
The attack sparked fears France has fallen victim to another Islamic terrorist attack – although this was later ruled out. It is believed the victim belonged to an orthodox Hasidic sect. Initial reports suggest the knifeman was suffering from psychological problems.
Terror attacks 2016 We take a look at the terrorist attacks of 2016. 1 / 37 REUTERS A truck crashed into a Christmas market in Berlin killing at least 12 and injuring 48
The attack took place in the north of the city close to Brasserie des Vosges. Strasbourg is in north-east France – close to the German border. It is home to a large community of Jews, with around 15,000 living in or near the city, accounting for around 5% of the population.
TWITTER REACTION: Police were quick to the scene
GOOGLE MAPS MAP: The attack occurred in Strasbourg, France
The victim has been named locally as "Mr Levy". They were wearing clothing signifying their religion when they were targeted, police have confirmed, and the perpetrator was arrested at the scene. Mendel Samama, a rabbi in the area, said they had spoken to Mr Levy in hospital, and described their situation as "stable". "Pray for their swift recovery," Mr Samama added.
WASHINGTON ― A Doctor Without Borders hospital in Saada, Yemen, was hit by multiple airstrikes overnight, the group announced Tuesday morning. The hospital was destroyed but the group has not reported any deaths.
Doctors Without Borders identified the warplanes as belonging to a Saudi Arabian-led coalition, which has been ostensibly targeting the Houthi rebel group in Yemen since March. Of the approximately 5,000 people who have been killed in the civil war between the Houthis and Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi's government, half are civilians, the United Nations estimates.
Anadolu Agency via Getty Images Families fleeing their homes in Saada, Yemen, due to air operations by the Saudi-led coalition live in makeshift tents near the city of Amran, Yemen.
Hassan Boucenine, head of Doctors Without Borders in Yemen, told The New York Times that the group had supplied the hospital's GPS coordinates to the Saudi coalition six months ago and reconfirmed them on a monthly basis.
Saada is a Houthi stronghold and comes under frequent fire from coalition airstrikes.
.@MSF first photos for its health facility in Haydan #Saada after the airstrikes that took place last night. #Yemen pic.twitter.com/PUFEF0Yiq5 — أطباء بلا حدود-اليمن (@msf_yemen) October 27, 2015
The U.S., which is allied with both Saudi Arabia and the beleaguered Hadi government, has backed the Saudi coalition since its inception in the spring. But at the same time, the White House has made an effort to excuse itself from responsibility for the devastatingly imprecise airstrikes.
"There is a clear distinction between logistical and intelligence support, which we have provided, and taking part in targeting decisions, which we do not do," a senior administration official told The Huffington Post earlier this month, shortly after coalition airstrikes killed 130 people at a wedding and two volunteers from Yemen's International Red Crescent Society.
Pentagon spokesperson Maj. James Brindle told HuffPost on Tuesday that the U.S. routinely asks Saudi Arabia to look into incidents resulting in civilian deaths, but declined to comment on the details of this specific attack. "We have asked the Saudi government to investigate all credible reports of civilian casualties resulting from coalition-led airstrikes and, if confirmed, to address the factors that led to them," Brindle wrote in an email.
While U.S. support for Saudi Arabia's intervention in Yemen went largely unnoticed for several months, public appetite is waning for American involvement in a war with staggering civilian casualties. Last week, Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, suggested blocking arms sales to Saudi Arabia until the Obama administration can offer evidence that the U.S. should support the airstrikes in Yemen.
"We have seen countless coalition airstrikes hitting residential neighborhoods, schools and hospitals, killing an unacceptable number of civilians," Murphy said Thursday in a statement.
"It's time for Congress to ask some serious questions about whether the United States' current participation in this civil war is advancing our nation's national security interests," they continued, noting that the current instability threatens to empower Yemen's al Qaeda group.
The destruction of the Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen comes less than a month after U.S. airstrikes leveled one of the organization's facilities in Kunduz, Afghanistan, killing at least 30 staff members and patients.
The Pentagon has characterized the Afghanistan hospital bombing as a mistake, but Doctors Without Borders says it is implausible that the U.S. did not know the exact location of the hospital and has accused the military of war crimes. There are investigations by the Army, NATO and a joint U.S.-Afghan team underway, but the U.S. has resisted allowing an outside civilian group look into the attack.
Also on HuffPost:
"Goldfinger" is the title song from the 1964 James Bond film Goldfinger. Composed by John Barry and with lyrics by Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley, the song was performed by Shirley Bassey for the film's opening and closing title sequences, as well as the soundtrack album release. The single release of the song gave Bassey their only Billboard Hot 100 top forty hit, peaking in the Top 10 at No. 8 and No. 2 for four weeks on the Adult Contemporary chart,[1] and in the United Kingdom the single reached No. 21.[2]
The song finished at No. 53 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema. In 2008, the single was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.[3]
Background [ edit ]
Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley were asked to create the lyrics for the song. But when its composer John Barry played them the first three notes, Bricusse and Newley looked at each other and sang out: ". . . wider than a mile," to the melody of "Moon River," the popular theme song from Breakfast at Tiffany's. Barry was not amused.
One source of inspiration was the song "Mack the Knife", which director Guy Hamilton showed Barry, thinking it was a "gritty and rough" song that could be a good model for what the film required. Bricusse and Newley were not shown any film footage or script excerpts, but were advised of the fatal gilding suffered by the Jill Masterson character, played by Shirley Eaton. Bricusse would later recall that once they and Newley hit upon utilizing "the Midas touch" in the lyric, the pattern of the song became evident and the lyrics were completed within at most a couple of days.
The first recording of "Goldfinger" was made by Newley in a May 14, 1964 recording session, with Barry as conductor, which produced two completed takes. Barry would recall that Newley gave a "very creepy" performance which he, Barry considered "terrific". Newley's recording, however, was made purely as a demo for the film's makers. According to Barry, Newley "didn't want to sing it in the movie as they [Newley and Bricusse] thought the song was a bit weird".
Shirley Bassey was Barry's choice to record the song; they had been conductor on Bassey's national tour in December 1963 and the two had also been romantically involved. Barry had played Bassey an instrumental track of the song before its lyrics were written; the singer would recall that hearing the track had given their "goose bumps". They agreed to sing the song whatever the lyrics might eventually be. Bassey recorded the track on August 20, 1964 at London's CTS Studios in Wembley: the track's producer credit named Bassey's regular producer George Martin, but the session was in fact overseen by Barry. Vic Flick, Jimmy Page and Big Jim Sullivan are all said to have been at the sessions.
Page recalls attending the sessions, however the session musicians on the Bond films were separately relegated to the instrumental score versions of songs, while the main musicians (on Goldfinger: Vic Flick) were given the main film theme song to solely record, to be featured at the beginning of the film.[4] Leaving Page as a background acoustic contributor to Flick on the instrumental version of the song.
The recording of "Goldfinger" lasted all night as Barry demanded repeated takes due to musicians' or technical glitches, not any shortcomings in Bassey's vocal. Bassey did initially have issues with the climactic final note which necessitated their slipping behind a studio partition between takes to remove their bra. Bassey would recall of the final note: "I was holding it and holding it - I was looking at John Barry and I was going blue in the face and he's going - hold it just one more second. When it finished, I nearly passed out."
The iconic two-note phrase which is the basis for the song's introduction was not in the original orchestration, but occurred to Barry during a tea-break, following an hour and a half of rehearsal. By the time the musicians returned, twenty minutes later, they had written the figure into the orchestration.
The hit single was released in mono, with the album stereo issues (on the film soundtrack, Golden Hits Of Shirley Bassey and subsequent releases) using an alternate mix in which the instrumental take is the same, but Bassey's vocal is different; a shade less intense and with a shorter final note. Newley's version was later released in 1992 to mark the 30th Anniversary of James Bond on film, in a compilation collector's edition: The Best of Bond...James Bond.
Bassey's title theme was almost taken out of the film because producer Harry Saltzman hated it, saying, "That's the worst *** song I've ever heard in my *** life". Saltzman would also dislike Bassey's subsequent Bond theme, that for Diamonds Are Forever. However, there was not enough time for a replacement song to be written and recorded.
Release [ edit ]
The release on vinyl of Bassey's (mono) version, UA 790, sold more than a million copies in the United States (Guinness Book of Records)[citation needed], and it also reached No. 1 in Japan, No. 4 in Australia, and the Top 10 of many European countries including Austria (No. 7), Belgium (No. 9 on the Dutch charts), Germany (No. 8), Italy (No. 3), the Netherlands (No. 5), and Norway (No. 7). A No. 24 hit in France, Bassey's "Goldfinger" was not one of Bassey's biggest hits in their native UK, its No. 21 peak being far lower than that of the nine Top 10 hits she'd previously scored, but despite Bassey subsequently returning to the UK Top 10 three more times, "Goldfinger" would ultimately become their signature song in the UK as well as the rest of the world. In 2002 poll in which BBC Radio 2 solicited listeners' favourite piece of popular music from the last fifty years performed by a British act, "Goldfinger" by Shirley Bassey ranked at No. 46.[5]
Other versions and adaptations [ edit ]
Bassey re-recorded "Goldfinger" for their 2014 album Hello Like Before. In doing so they addressed two notes that they thought "sounded wrong" in the original.[6]
Recorded covers [ edit ]
Live and televised performances [ edit ]
Soundtrack appearances [ edit ]
Remixes and samples [ edit ]
In 2000, the song was remixed by Propellerheads for the album Diamonds are Forever: The Shirley Bassey Remix Album .
. In 2007, it was sampled by reggaeton artist Tego Calderón on their song "Alegría", off of their album El Abayarde Contraataca.
Parodies [ edit ]
Parodies of the song include "Dr. Evil", written by They Might Be Giants for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me,[10] and "Max Power", from The Simpsons episode "Homer to the Max".[11]
Inspired songs [ edit ]
In 1989, after the release of the James Bond theme song "Licence to Kill", from the film of the same title, it was felt to significantly reuse important elements of "Goldfinger", and so the songwriting credits for the former were adapted for all subsequent releases.
Charts [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
New population estimates released Wednesday show Minnesota is in serious trouble of losing a U.S. House seat and would have to leapfrog other states to keep its current eight.
The 2017 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau forecast that Minnesota is about 30,500 people shy of retaining its current complement in Congress based on the population shifts in other parts of the country. The once-a-decade reapportionment won't happen until after the official American head count done in 2020, so nothing is certain.
But Minnesota would have to catch several breaks to keep from losing ground. Two states also projected to lose seats — New York and West Virginia — were closer to keeping their current delegations intact. Three states that did wind up above the cut line — Alabama, Colorado and Rhode Island — did so narrowly.
So there are enough moving parts where Minnesota could still eke out its eight when the final figures come out following the exhaustive 2020 census. A lot is riding on the amount of effort state and local governments put into ensuring the federal count captures their populations as accurately as possible.
Minnesota's 2017 population was pegged at 5,576,606, up from 5,457,173 in 2010. The growth percentage was just shy of the national average so State Demographer Susan Brower isn't ready to concede the loss of a seat.
“It's going to be hard but I don't think it's impossible,” they said. “I think it's definitely in reach.”
Minnesota has had eight seats in Congress since the 1960s, when it lost one. It had lost another a few decades before that.
Redrawn political maps would be effective for the 2022 election cycle.
Under an analysis using a calculator from the University of Michigan's Population Studies Research Center, the current population estimates would have the following effect on representation in the 435-seat Congress.
Gain seats:
Colorado +1
Florida +1
North Carolina +1
Oregon +1
Texas +2
Lose seats:
Illinois -1
Michigan -1
Minnesota -1
New York -1
Pennsylvania -1
West Virginia -1
(h/t @dataandinfo at American Public Media's APM Research Lab)
The California State Teachers' Retirement System has begun the process of divesting from gun companies. The pension fund, one of the nation's largest, has investments in Cerberus Capital Management, the private equity fund that is trying to sell off the company that manufactured the gun used by Adam Lanza to kill 20 children and six adults at the Sandy Hook Elementary School, as well as in two other gun-makers. Divesting will take time , as much as a couple of years, but if large funds begin that process now, it certainly exerts pressure on gun manufacturers.
The specific investments in question are important. But this also shows something important about pension funds where regular people have a voice:
Harry Keiley, a high school teacher with the Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District and chairperson of the board's investment committee, said before Wednesday's vote that the pension board has the power to change its investments. After the shooting, Keiley said: "I sat there with all of my thoughts and feeling very powerless knowing that I don't sit on the Supreme Court, I don't cast a vote in the United States Congress, I don't sit in the state Legislature. I'm a school teacher and dad. And then it dawned on me ... that I and this board is not powerless."
So this'll be one more reason the corporate right hates teacher pensions. But for the rest of us, it's a reminder that when you have strength in numbers, you can gain new kinds of leverage in the economy.
During the radio spot starring Obama, Abbas tells listeners 'If they said it, they must have meant it.' Obama 'star' of Palestinian ad
President Barack Obama is the unlikely star of a new Palestinian media campaign.
Part of a speech Obama gave in 2010 to the United Nations General Assembly is featured in an ad aimed to rally support for the Palestinians upcoming bid for statehood at the United Nations on Sept. 20, Reuters reported on Wednesday.
Story Continued Below
“When we come back here next year, we can have an agreement that can lead to a new member of the United Nations, an independent, sovereign state of Palestine living in peace with Israel,” Obama said in the 2010 speech in the clip that is played in the radio ad.
The Palestinians use of the remarks is at odds with the Obama administration's current all-out push to stop the Palestinians from pursuing their statehood bid. U.S. Special Envoy to the Middle East David Hale is set to hold talks Wednesday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to urge them to reconsider the statehood effort and instead return to direct negotiations with Israel.
During the 36-second radio spot starring Obama, Abbas tells listeners “If they said it, they must have meant it.”
Although U.S. officials described Obama's statement in the 2010 speech simply as an expression of hope, Abbas has called the statement the “Obama promise,” Reuters wrote.
Both the U.S. and Israel have said they strongly oppose the planned Palestinian bid, and the U.S. has said it would veto the bid at the U.N. Security Council. If the U.S. uses its veto, Palestinian officials have said they plan to apply for an upgrade in status to a nonmember U.N. state.
In addition to Obama's remarks, the ad campaign features excerpt from speeches by the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and verses from the late national poet Mahmoud Darwish.
It was a photo-worthy moment for this crowd, as they watched white tiger Diana play with their new toy. A Christmas tree.
"They like to roll around on it, like to have something, and then they'll sit there and lay on it for the rest of the afternoon," Cat Haven owner Dale Anderson said.
"It's cute, so cute, it seems unreal," visitors Shelby Ellis and Cassie Morgan said.
It's a yearly tradition here at The Cat Haven.
First, handlers check the donated trees for tags or string, anything that wouldn't be safe for the animals to accidentally eat.
Then, they drag the trees into each cage and let the cats, have at 'em.
"They can rip them apart, they can even eat some of the pine needles," Anderson said. "It's not going to do anything to them."
Anderson says, it's good enrichment for the animals. Just like a house cat, the scent of the trees smells so good to the cats, frankly, it makes them act silly.
"If it's smelly, it's good to put in the cage with them," Anderson said.
Some cats, like lion Titan, love the trees so much, sharing is not an option.
For visitors, seeing the big cats so overjoyed is a sight.
"They love the trees, the one over there was like, rolling, all in them," Ellis and Morgan said. "When you're cat people, it's like, all we want to see."
So for the folks at Cat Haven it's true. Happy cats, make happy people.
"It just becomes another way that these cats can have fun, and for us, it's always exciting when the cats are happy," Anderson said.
Cat Haven is open from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. and closed Tuesday and Wednesday.
Reporting in Dunlap, Megan Rupe.
Twitter user @supererogatory strolled by the reviews for id Software on Glassdoor.com and noticed some pretty bad things are (still) going on inside the developer.
According to the 10 reviews left on Glassdoor that span from 2009 – 2013 management seems to be the big issue, though parent company Zenimax is mostly well regarded. All but one of the reviewers would not recommend the company to a friend.
From the sound of it development for id's upcoming Doom 4 is just at a standstill with employees going without tasks for months. It's also important to note that 2013 saw John Carmack take a job at Oculus while maintaining a position at id until they abruptly left the company completely.
Have a look at the most recent review left in December 2013.
I have been working at id Software full-time for more than 3 years Pros – The history of the company and the possibility of working on the next big thing is a powerful draw. The pay is reasonable, and there are still some really good people here trying to make the best of the situation. If you're a strong, self-motivated individual, you'll get a chance to learn a lot and grow more than you would at other companies. Cons – The upper management. Hands down they are the most incompetant(sic), arrogant, and untrustworthy managers I've ever worked for in over ten years in this industry. They are doing such a horrible job that we've lost over a hundred people, including John Carmack, in the last two years. They're bleeding the company dry of time, money, and talent; before they all bail with their golden parachutes. Zenimax is a patient, supportive publisher that takes a hands-off approach, which normally would be great, but in this case is allowing the management to waste their time and money. People sit around untasked for weeks or months at a time, until the next publisher demo, so there is lots of time for people to sit around and be nasty to each or play politics to grab whatever favor they can. There is no chance for advancement or career growth, and Zenimax has stopped giving bonuses because the studio consistently fails to deliver. The game itself is re-invented every six months to a year, so there is no foward progress to show for the last two years.
Check out all of the reviews at Glassdoor.com
‘I think they recognised after all that had happened – the suspension, the wanting to leave, doing an interview to say as much, and all the problems those things had caused – I was still capable of working hard, playing well and scoring goals. I think they appreciated that. I also think they had always known that.
‘It was one of the reasons they were so convinced that it was right to fight to keep hold of me: they knew I was never going to sulk or not give 100 per cent. They knew that once I crossed that line, I would do everything I could to win. It isn't in my character to stop running or down tools.'
Brendan Rodgers clearly had unstinting belief not just in themselves but in the character and focus of Luis Suarez, despite the Uruguayan very publicly embarrassing them and showing disrespect to their club. Could Jurgen Klopp say the same about Philippe Coutinho, who has already come close to downing tools with a back injury that miraculously cured itself in time for international duty? Could they be certain that the Brazilian will neither sulk nor give less than 100 per cent after their transfer request resulted in little more than tremendous ill-feeling?
Like ‘modern slave' Ronaldo before him, Suarez reacted to the disappointment of being denied a transfer by simply continuing to be the excellent player that had made them a target for the best clubs in the world. It is not only what elite footballers should do; their competitive excellence gives them no choice.
Pride, professionalism and pure ego are as much a part of being a world-class footballer as vision and technical excellence. If you are dedicated and focused enough to play for Barcelona or Real Madrid, you should be dedicated and focused enough to play brilliantly for Liverpool while you wait.
We are about to find out whether Coutinho belongs in that bracket. The next few weeks will be a test of Klopp's ability to re-integrate and re-motivate a player who has not hidden their desire to leave – after all, there is little point turning down vast sums of money if you cannot utilise your asset – but the greatest test lies ahead of the Brazilian. It's not only how you handle the pressure of moving to Barcelona that denotes you worthy of the shirt, but how you react to the disappointment of not moving to Barcelona.
“I am completely focused, I know what I want to do and what I have to do. My mind is centred on what happens on the pitch which I enjoy,” said Cesc Fabregas in 2010 after a summer had passed without a dream return to Barcelona. “If I could not play football then I may worry, but while I still can here or wherever I can say I am happy. I am at a great club, in a great team and I want to do the best and have a great year.”
Fabregas did indeed have a great year for Arsenal and Barcelona were waiting at the end of that great year, as impressed with their attitude as their 11 Premier League assists. The Spaniard was and remains a wonderful footballer and there were few at Arsenal who begrudged them their return to Barcelona after they retained their focus in the face of disappointment.
Will we be saying the same about Coutinho this time next season? And will we be talking about Coutinho as a £150m Barcelona player who proved their name should be mentioned in the same sentence as Suarez and Lionel Messi, or as the very good but not-quite-elite Liverpool player who was once somehow deemed to be worth £100m, and didn't we all know Sadio Mane was the better player anyway?
Very little of Coutinho's on-field persona exudes the street-fighter of Suarez or Alexis Sanchez; it is far harder to imagine one of football's quieter men shaking off their “sadness” (as per Neymar), crossing the line and being focused solely on victory. But if they want to be regarded (and paid) alongside players of that calibre, they must show previously unseen character and give Liverpool the very best they have. That they will most likely have to do so from central midfield only adds an extra layer of intrigue.
Coutinho might not care a jot what Graeme Souness or even Liverpool fans think, but the world – including Barcelona – will quite rightly judge them on their strength through adversity. Behind the magic, is there the beating heart of a born winner?
Sarah Winterburn
(CNN) Bernie Sanders won more delegates than Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night -- but not enough to slow Clinton's march to the Democratic presidential nomination.
Clinton won Kentucky by a razor-thin margin, while Sanders notched a bigger 53% to 47% victory in Oregon. The 61 delegates Kentucky had on the line and Oregon's 74 will be divided proportionally among the two candidates based on results in those states -- and that's the bad news for Sanders. They need to win by overwhelming margins the rest of the way to stand a chance at catching Clinton.
Here are five takeaways from Tuesday's primaries:
Clinton finally wins a state
With an all-but-insurmountable delegate lead, Clinton didn't need to win Kentucky.
But she's surely glad they did, however narrow them victory.
Them triumph -- particularly in a largely white, working-class state -- will prevent Clinton from limping into California's June 7 primary on a string of May losses.
In Kentucky, Clinton learned the lessons of Indiana, where Sanders outspent them on television, nearly $2 million to $0. Unlike Indiana, where they held just three events, Clinton devoted much more time to campaigning in Kentucky.
They held 11 campaign stops over three visits, spread over a two-week span. And they played up the economic credentials of their husband, Bill Clinton — the last Democrat to carry Kentucky in a general election, in 1992 and 1996.
Also helping Clinton with the registered Democrats who voted in Kentucky's primary: Them carefully cultivated status as President Barack Obama's natural heir.
The party's gains have been hard-won in the state. Former Gov. Steve Beshear fought to set up a state program for Obamacare that became a national model -- only to watch Republican Gov. Matt Bevin strive to dismantle it. The changes of the Obama era are still not secured in Kentucky -- so Sanders' big-picture liberalism feels much less feasible there.
But Sanders wins Oregon
Sanders' win in Oregon wasn't nearly enough to put them in a realistic place to overtake Clinton in the number of pledged delegates -- but it did mean he'll close Tuesday's contests with more delegates that day than Clinton, and it'll keep their campaign chugging along.
The largely white, liberal, homogenous state was the perfect place for a Sanders victory. They were so confident he'd win Oregon that they spent the days leading up to the primary campaigning in California and Puerto Rico.
"Let me be as clear as I can be: I agree with you. We are in 'til the last ballot is cast," Sanders told supporters in Carson, California, late Tuesday night.
Sanders turned their election-night speech into a rant against media and political establishment figures who are increasingly calling on them to exit the race. They touted California's positioning as a delegate gold mine.
"Don't tell Secretary Clinton, they might get nervous: I think we're going to win here in California," Sanders said. "And as all of you know, California has 475 pledged delegates."
What that means: Sanders has staked everything on staying in the race until the last votes are counted.
This race will stay messy
Suddenly, the party that expected to sit back and watch Republicans duke it out at their convention in Cleveland is fretting that chaos could come to Philadelphia.
The turmoil at Nevada's Democratic convention over the weekend spilled into Tuesday night. After reports that the state chairperson faced threats from Sanders supporters, their campaign manager Jeff Weaver said on CNN that "we condemn that, absolutely, categorically."
Weaver promised peace at the Democratic National Convention.
"There's not going to be any violence in Philadelphia ... I guarantee you that. We hope for a fair and orderly convention," they said.
But Sanders' supporters might not be easy to mollify.
The big question is whether what happened in Nevada will occur again.
"What happened at that convention was unacceptable," said Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, laying the blame heavily on Sanders' supporters by saying they should "address process concerns in a civil way" in a Tuesday night interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
"The bottom line is, we have the same rules in place that elected Barack Obama, and these rules were adopted by state parties around the country in 2014," they said. "They were followed, and even if the Sanders supporters were frustrated, there is never a place for violence and intimidation to be resorted to."
But is Kentucky actually over?
More people voted for Martin O'Malley in Kentucky than the margin between Clinton and Sanders at the end of the night, a margin close enough to make a recount possible.
With all precincts reporting, Clinton held a 1,923 vote lead over Bernie Sanders, the office of Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes told CNN.
The state's results don't become official until May 31. Sanders has a week to request in writing a re-canvass that would involve Kentucky officials manually checking voting machines to make sure that the totals are correct.
Sanders spokesperson Michael Briggs told CNN that the campaign will "take a close look at the numbers" and decide Wednesday whether to challenge Kentucky's results.
What may bother Sanders' supporters: Lundergan Grimes went on CNN before all the votes were in and called Clinton the "unofficial" winner of Kentucky.
Lundergan Grimes is a big Clinton supporter. Them father, an influential Democrat in Kentucky, is a long-time Clinton ally, too. Would they have made the same "unofficial" declaration for Sanders?
Yes, the Republican race really is over
While the Democratic race rolls on, the GOP contest — the one with Donald Trump, 17 candidates and personal insults that everyone was exercised about -- is officially over, done and boring.
The best political experts could do was muse about mail-in ballots in Oregon.
It's a vote-by-mail state, and ballots were sent out three weeks before the primary. Trump had just won on the East Coast, and Ted Cruz and John Kasich were just about to strike a deal that would've theoretically given Kasich a clean one-on-one shot at Trump in Oregon.
Of course, both Cruz and Kasich dropped out after the Indiana primary. But Oregon voters still had the option of going with one as a protest vote.
That didn't happen. With more than half the vote in, Trump was on course to take two-thirds of the state's GOP support.
Outside the election-night spotlight, Trump's campaign did everything possible to stay in the news Tuesday night.
First, they filed a personal financial disclosure claiming they earned at least $560 million last year. And they taunted Clinton via Twitter.
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2016
Then, Trump's campaign and the Republican National Committee announced a joint fundraising agreement to form two committees that will allow individual donors to give up to $449,400 and will help state parties.
Why that move matters: It's the latest demonstration of the reality that this is Trump's Republican Party now.
Chris Fox, CP24.com
Toronto Fire Services has declared that the Hearn Generating Station in the Port Lands is “unsafe for public events” due to “serious deficiencies” and violations of the provincial fire code.
The news comes less than 24 hours before the Waterfront Night Market was scheduled to partly take place inside the shuttered power plant.
In an email to CP24, an organizer said that event will go on as scheduled but will only take place outside now. The organizer said that the use of the indoor space at the Hearn Generating Station “was only a small component of the show” anyway.
According to the event's website, the Waterfront Night Market is expected to attract 120,000 visitors over three days.
“The outdoor section will still have over 150 vendors in full capacity of our plans,” X-Caliber Productions CEO Kevin Yee said.
The Hearn Generating Station has increasingly been used as a venue in recent years, hosting a number of events including the 2016 Luminato Festival.
In a press release, Toronto Fire Services said that the city “has a history of working successfully with event organizers to put the necessary life safety measures in place to safely host occasional public events at the Hearn.”
The release, however, noted that there is “no approved occupancy plan” in place for the Waterfront Night Market, which had boasted that it would be "Canada's first ever indoor and outdoor night market."
"Our primary focus is to protect the safety of the public," Toronto Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said in the release. "Hosting public events in a space that is not equipped with fire alarm systems, proper lighting, fire exits and other serious deficiencies is not acceptable."
Toronto Fire Services says that is working with the site lessee, Studios of America, to make sure the necessary measures are taking to ensure the venue is up to code.
In the meantime, it said the interior of the venue will be off-limits for public events.
The release also points out that the “ongoing, frequent and intensive” use of the Hearn Generating Station for public events is in contravention of zoning bylaws, even if the venue is brought in line with the fire code.
Sarah Palin is even crazier than I imagined
I haven't read the former Alaska governor's new book, but I see that she's already brought the crazy in an interview with ABC News.
"I disagree with the Obama administration" on Israeli settlements, Palin told Barbara Walters. Fair enough. It sure seems like the administration's heavy focus on getting Benjamin Netanyahu to commit to a settlement freeze has backfired, making the Israeli prime minister more popular than ever and exposing the impotence of Palestinian leader Mamoud Abbas in the process.
But that's not what Palin meant.
"I believe that the Jewish settlements should be allowed to be expanded upon, because that population of Israel is, is going to grow," they continued. "More and more Jewish people will be flocking to Israel in the days and weeks and months ahead. And I don't think that the Obama administration has any right to tell Israel that the Jewish settlements cannot expand."
This is, quite frankly, morally and strategically obtuse. Setting aside the "right" of Israel to take land that the Palestinians see as theirs, as Israeli author Gershom Gorenberg wrote last January in FP, the settlements are hugely problematic for peace:
The message written on the landscape is simple: Every day, the settlements expand. Every day, Israel grows more entangled in the West Bank. To a large degree, the Israeli and Palestinian publics have accepted the need for a two-state solution. But time, and the construction crews, are working against it. No one knows exactly where the point of no return is—when so many Israelis will have moved into so many homes beyond the pre-1967 border that there is no going back. But each passing day brings that tipping point nearer. If a solution is not achieved quickly, it might soon be out of reach.
This is why, from their inception, successive American presidents of both parties have denounced this colonization of the West Bank, although rarely, such as when George H.W. Bush put real pressure on the Israelis by temporarily holding up loan guarantees, have they done more about it than talk. Even George W. Bush, the bulk of whose Israel policy can be fairly summed up as "Let Ariel Sharon do what they want," at least expressed their displeasure over the settlements every now and again.
So Palin is way out there on the lunatic fringe, supporting an Israeli policy that all serious people understand to be deeply corrosive to the prospects for peace and to Israel itself. But I'd also note that their lack of precision in talking about the issue, while hardly surprising, betrays a continued lack of familiarity with even the most basic nuances of the conflict. They don't, for instance, make any distinction between existing settlements and new ones, which is at the heart of the debate right now.
It's depressing to think that this lazy, uninformed woman might have been a heartbeat away from the presidency.
The UK Bitcoin exchange Netagio today announced intentions to close the exchange as of the 18th of March, opting instead to launch a wealth storage business which will safe guard cash in money vaults across the globe.
Speaking on the closure, Simon Hamblin, CEO of Netagio, said:
"As with any early stage business, we have kept the business plan under close and constant review. We have worked tirelessly to protect our customers' interests and in response to demand introduced USD and EUR order books, followed by credit / debit card payments options. From the outset we voluntarily subjected ourselves to rigorous external audits and have implemented strict regulatory and compliance requirements (AML and KYC) in order to operate an orderly and transparent Bitcoin marketplace and contribute to the overall transparency and best practice in the Bitcoin industry. We are immensely proud of our efforts and achievements to date while facing the reality of a stagnating marketplace in Europe, in an environment of regulatory and political uncertainty facing Bitcoin businesses. As experienced Board representatives we recognise when industry winds blow in other directions and it is time to review and restructure. We look forward to bringing our experience and established credibility to bear in the new wealth storage venture. At the time when trust in banks is low and potential bank bail-outs across Europe are a reality, the need for alternative ways to safeguard savings is clear, with cash savings significantly on the increase. Our heritage in gold and Bitcoin storage puts us on the right path to work with our partners to provide highly secure, globally located vaults to fulfil our customers' cash safekeeping needs."
Netagio's exit from Bitcoin and entry into fiat comes as a record amount of money has been stolen from banks across the world.
Vancouver City Councilor Andrea Reimer wants to boost women's equality at city hall.
Reimer will put forward a motion Tuesday — International Women's Day — proposing council adopt a policy requiring city advisory committees to be made up of at least 50 per cent women.
Vancouver City Councillor Andrea Reimer wants the city to commit to appointing gender equal advisory committees. (facebook.com/CouncillorAndreaReimer)
"We have several hundred people on our advisory bodies so it's not an insignificant number of people that we would be supporting through gender equality," said Reimer.
The motion is entitled "Because it's 2016", playing off the now famous "Because it's 2015" quote made by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau when they appointed a gender equal cabinet back in November.
Reimer says council currently tries to appoint committees so that they are 50 per cent female, but feels the practice need to be made official.
"We'd really like to put that into formal policy language so that it's not surprising to anyone, that they understand this expectation." they said.
The motion also asks for an update to the city's decade-old gender equality strategy to ensure the city's social grants program distributes its funding equally to programs that serve girls and women.
Council will debate the motion sometime in April.
An Albanian asylum seeker at their red door in Middlesbrough
A secret apartheid policy brands hundreds of asylum seekers in England's poorest town by housing them in properties with red front doors, it can be revealed.
The doors make asylum homes easy to identify and are blamed for numerous attacks in which people were victims of harassment and abuse.
A former local MP compared the red paint, used on terraced streets in deprived areas of Middlesbrough, to the yellow stars that Jews were forced to wear in Nazi Germany.
The properties are owned by Stuart Monk, who is paid millions of pounds a year to provide accommodation for thousands of asylum seekers, some of whom fled war and oppression in Syria.
Mr Monk is worth an estimated £175 million, according to The Sunday Times Rich…
In Wave Engine 2.0 we have updated the Wave Exporter Command Line Tool and added new interesting features. Previously this was only used for exporting the project assets as a post-build event but the new version incorporates the option to export specific assets, directories and an entire project, with new parameter options.
The command line tool is in the WaveExporterCMD.exe, on the Visual Editor directory (For example, in Windows usually is in ‘$(Wave Directory) / v2.0/Tools/VisualEditor/WaveExporterCMD.exe')
Wave Exporter commands
Wave Exporter Command Line Tool allows performing the following commands:
Help
Asset
Directory
Project
Help Command
Shows the different parameters of the Wave Exporter Command Line Tool
Help Command Usage
WaveExporterCMD.exe --help 1 WaveExporterCMD . exe -- help
Asset Command
Exports an asset (with a .winfo file) to an output directory, converting it to its final .wpk format.
Asset Command Usage
WaveExporterCMD.exe -m File -t <platform> -i <input> -o <output> [options] 1 WaveExporterCMD . exe - m File - t & lt ; platform & gt ; - i & lt ; input & gt ; - o & lt ; output & gt ; [ options ]
Asset Command Parameters
-m –mode Export mode. Must be File -t –platform Export platform. Must be one of this:[Windows |WindowsPhone | WindowsStore | Android | iOS | Linux | macOS] -i –input <input>: Asset information file path (.winfo) representing the asset. -o –output <output>: Output directory, where the compiled asset file (or files in some cases) will be placed. -h –hidden (Optional) Hides the output (-o) file -p –profile (Optional) Not yet implemented. Export profile of the asset. If not specified uses the default profile.
Asset Command Notes
Typically a .wpk file will be generated. For example, a file sprite png.winfo (with its associated sprite.png file) will create a sprite.png.wpk file in the output directory
file will be generated. For example, a file (with its associated file) will create a file in the output directory However an animated model will generate two files, the skinned mesh asset and the animation asset. For example, the animated model asset character.fbx.winfo will generate the character.fbx.wpk and character.fbx_animation.wpk files in the output directory.
Directory Command
Exports all the assets, scenes and materials of a desired directory to an output directory, exporting the assets (see previous command) and copying the materials and scenes (.wmat and .wscene files).
Directory Command Usage
WaveExporterCMD.exe -m Directory -t <platform> -i <input> -o <output> [options] 1 WaveExporterCMD . exe - m Directory - t & lt ; platform & gt ; - i & lt ; input & gt ; - o & lt ; output & gt ; [ options ]
Directory Command Parameters
-m –mode Export mode.Must be Directory -t –platform Export platform. Must be one of this:[Windows |WindowsPhone | WindowsStore | Android | iOS | Linux | macOS] -i –input <input>: Input directory path, containing asset, materials and scenes. -o –output <output>: Output directory, where all the exported elements will be placed. -h –hidden (Optional) Hides the output (-o) directory -p –profile (Optional) Not yet implemented. Export profile of the directory, used to export every asset. If not specified uses the default profile.
Directory Command Notes
This command will generate a file called generate. info in the input directory: It contains the hash number of every asset and element of the project. Future exports will compare the hash of every element to the stored one: If they are the same the element won't be exported, saving acrucial time for big projects.
in the input directory: The export procedure understands that every asset file has a .winfo info with all the export parameters. If there is an asset with no . winfo file associated (png but no sprite.png.winfo, for example), a default .winfo will be generated in the input folder with the default export settings.
info with all the export parameters.
Project Command
Exports all the assets, scenes and materials from a project to a desired folder, converting them to its final format (.wpk in case of most of the assets, .wscene for the scene, .wmat for the materials, etc.)
Project Command Usage
WaveExporterCMD.exe -m Project -t <platform> -i <project> -o <output> [options] 1 WaveExporterCMD . exe - m Project - t & lt ; platform & gt ; - i & lt ; project & gt ; - o & lt ; output & gt ; [ options ]
Project Command Parameters
-m –mode Export mode.Must be Project -t –platform Export platform. Must be one of this:[Windows |WindowsPhone | WindowsStore | Android | iOS | Linux | macOS] -i –input <project>: Wave project file (.weproj) path, usually placed in the solution directory. -o –output <output>: Output directory, where all the exported elements will be placed. -h –hidden (Optional) Hides the output (-o) directory -p –profile (Optional) Not yet implemented. Export profile of the project, used to export every asset. If not specified uses the default profile.
Project Command Notes
The command will read the project's resource folder (usually Content/ directory) and export it as a normal Directory Export command.
We will continue revealing more WaveEngine 2.0 features in the upcomming days.
Stay tuned at @waveengineteam and waveengine.net.
Ever wonder how Britain's most iconic pop pianist gets through a long flight? Here are the six pictures of sharks Sir Elton John likes to stare at to pass the time on an airplane.
1. A Shark Swimming
Advertisement
Sit next to Elton John on a flight and you'll see a man living in the lap of luxury, as they immediately tapes this photo of a shark darting through the ocean over their window to stare at throughout the trip. The platinum-selling artist has been known to pull their window shade down to make the shark disappear, and then quickly retract it to mark the animal's triumphant return. They will often repeat this act dozens of times per flight.
2. A Great White Shark Leaping Into The Air
Advertisement
When you're an international pop sensation worth an estimated $450 million, people go the extra mile to make you happy. Flight crews are instructed to place this photo of a breaching great white in Elton John's seat-back pocket before they even board the plane. The five-time Grammy winner loves to pull the image out at their leisure to stare at while flying, sometimes holding it a mere 3-to-4 inches away from their face while they fixate upon the shark's beady eyes.
3. A Shark On The Prowl
Advertisement
Rumor has it Elton John first acquired this shark photo in 1997, just before flying to London to perform “Candle In The Wind” at Princess Diana's funeral. It's been a staple of their travel routine ever since. Those who have flown with the music legend say that Sir Elton turns on every single overhead light in their row to study this picture with a magnifying glass.
4. Two Hammerhead Sharks
Advertisement
How does the man behind “Tiny Dancer” and “Rocket Man” handle turbulence as their plane traverses the Atlantic? Once that “Fasten Seat Belts” sign lights up, this picture of two hammerhead sharks comes out. Elton John holds the photo in a tight vice grip and stares straight at it until the turbulence passes, often without blinking for minutes at a time.
5. The Poster For Jaws
Advertisement
Sir Elton John absolutely adores the poster for Steven Spielberg's Jaws and hopes to one day see the film. In the meantime, the British icon makes do by slowly unfolding their 24-by-36-inch copy of the poster whenever he's on a long flight, gently tracing the shark's teeth with their finger as they stare lovingly into its gaping mouth.
6. Pilot's Choice
Advertisement
As much as Elton relishes in the calming regularity of their shark picture rotation, they also love the excitement of gazing upon a totally unexpected shark when flying from London to a distant corner of Europe. That's why all pilots who fly Sir Elton print out a shark picture of their choice from their home computers before going to the airport, and hand it to the visibly excited musician prior to takeoff. So yeah—it's good to be Elton!
Story highlights The president signs emergency legislation
The loophole opened when an appeals court struck down part of Ireland's drug law
(CNN) Well, it was weird while it lasted.
On Wednesday, lawmakers in Ireland rushed to close a loophole that temporarily made it legal to possess Ecstasy, crystal methamphetamine, ketamine, magic mushrooms and a host of other recreational drugs.
The loophole was inadvertently opened the day before, when an appeals court invalidated one section of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977.
The court ruled that Irish governments had been unconstitutionally adding substances to Section 2 of the law for decades.
"We prepared for this possibility. Legislation was prepared and approved in advance by Cabinet," Minister for Health Leo Varadkar said in a written statement. "The emergency legislation ... will re-instate the status quo ante and re-control all drugs that were controlled prior to this judgment."
Read More
RuPaul's Drag Race has made drag entertainment a global phenomenon, and fans of the show can be found in all corners of the world. But there is more to drag than what you see on the show.
We were lucky enough to have the chance to talk to two former contestants from Drag Race, Latrice Royale and Mimi Imfurst, as they prepare to hit the road on their new national drag tour, The Divas of Drag. The tour kicks off on March 25 in New York and features a diverse mix of entertainment, including RuPaul's Drag Race queens and other well-known queens you've never seen on the show.
One of the goals of this tour is to show drag fans that there is so much more to drag than what they can see on RuPaul's Drag Race.
Enjoy a transcription of the interview below to read what these two fierce queens had to say.
Queerty: Can you tell me a little bit about The Divas of Drag and how this amazing tour was put together?
Mimi: Yeah! Basically I put together this tour because I wanted to find a way to showcase the wide range of diversity that exists in the drag industry, beyond just the girls from RuPaul's Drag Race. We wanted to showcase all types of drag entertainers, whether they are live singers or dancers, whether they are male identified or trans or even biologically female. We wanted to open up the show to everyone.
Folks like Wendy Ho, she's just so talented. She's certainly in the drag stratosphere and I think sometimes folks like that don't get included because it isn't as obvious. We're not trying to do obvious here.
What do you think is going to make this tour different than other shows and tours that are going on?
Latrice: The talent alone is so amazing. We have a lot of high energy, knock-em-dead, crowd-pleasing girls. These girls know how to shut it down. This is going to be something that fans have been waiting for. I know I've been waiting for it. It's so diverse and dynamic.
How many queens will there be at each stop on the tour?
Mimi: Each city will have between eight and up to as many as 12 girls, depending on the city and schedule. We really tried to coordinate the schedules of all the girls to create the best show in each city as possible, and still maintain diversity.
Of all the girls on the tour, who are you most looking forward to hitting the road with?
Mimi: In general, I think that the tour bus is going to be absolutely terrifying and brilliant at the same time. I think the idea of being stuck on a tour bus with Alyssa Edwards and Trixie Mattel simultaneously is going to be interesting. There will be YouTube content for days!
Latrice: I love everybody, but bitch, I need some bitches that are going to keep me entertained! And there's nothing like watching Alyssa Edwards. She's must-see TV. Laganja's must-see TV. You know what I mean? Because these bitches are twisted! Totally twisted. I get my kiki on when I'm around them. They never know if I'm laughing with them or at them. Haha!
Is there anybody who you couldn't get for the tour that you wish you could have?
Latrice: I wish my girl Jennifer Hudson was on the bus with us, but that bitch is busy! Haha! No J. Hud this time around, honey.
Mimi: Well, we recently announced a competition to get local girls in each city in the show as well. Before Drag Race, Latrice and I were both local girls, and we still are local girls.
Support your local queens!
Let's talk about the Race! The new season of Drag Race will be premiering on March 7th. What do you think of the girls in the new season and is there anybody in the cast that you're rooting for?
Latrice: First of all, let me tell you how elated and ecstatic I am because the promo is absolutely stunning! I loved everything about it. It is like Stepford wives back in the ‘60s, you know? They did a really good job. It's a lot of fun, colorful and they put some thought into it. Unlike last season… The girls look beautiful this season.
Bob the Drag Queen, let me tell you. I actually met them and worked with them on a movie when I was in LA not too long ago and the bitch is hilarious. I love them Love me some Bob the Drag Queen!
I know Robbie Turner from Seattle. My many, many trips to Seattle. I love Robbie, we go way back.
I'm interested to see what Acid Betty is going to do.  They are old and set in their ways.
Mimi: I'm a New York City girl, so I'm rooting for my home girls. Bob and Thorgy and Acid Betty. I'm really excited for Acid Betty. They and I started doing drag in New York City at the same time and going to all the same parties. It's really amazing to see them get the chance to do their thing. She's crazy and doesn't take any bullshit. I think this season is going to be filled with tons and tons of crazy personalities and is going to be fun to watch.
Let's say that they learned their lesson from season 7.
Latrice: I hope they did because woo-wee!
Season 7 is the season that everyone will forget.
Mimi: Season 7 is the only season that made the first season of All Stars look good.
Latrice: Right! Now that's terrible.
In your opinion, Mimi, what has been the best city you have been to while traveling in drag?
Mimi: One of my favorite cities is actually New Orleans. I love visiting New Orleans. It's a great city. In terms of drag, one of my favorite cities for drag is probably San Francisco. I love San Francisco drag. And of course Philly! I wasn't living in Philly, but I was traveling here for gigs, and I fell in love with it so much that I moved here.
So, Latrice… Who do you cyber-stalk and why?
Mimi: Herself! Herself!
Latrice: You want to know for real? You really want to know the honest truth? ME, bitch! Haha! For real, for real! I'm looking at me, me, me and what they're saying about me. My name should be Mimi, fuck Mimi! Haha! For real, that is the most visited site ever – me. I'm trying to keep up with myself honey. It's really hard to see what other people are doing unless it's funny and somebody shares something, but other than that.
The one thing drag fans love more than anything is some information that they haven't heard anywhere else. Since both of you will be releasing albums soon, what can you tell us about them?
Mimi: My album is called The Fire, and it's coming out on March 22. It's a full-length rock album that is partly inspired by Green Day and partly by Hedwig and the Angry Inch. It's cool.
I wouldn't necessarily describe it as a drag album. I'm in drag and singing these songs, but the songs are not about that.
I'm really excited for it because it's something I've wanted to do for a long time and I've held back from doing it. I don't really know why, but this is an opportunity to show a side of myself that people don't know.
Latrice: I am releasing my debut album Here's to Life and it's going to be coming out on March 8th. This is really the soundtrack of my one-woman show, which is also entitled Here's to Life.
I have been showcasing it and appearing in different parts of Europe and on cruises, but we have not debuted it in the United States until this spring. The Laurie Beechman in New York City is where the official premiere will be. We are also doing previews in Detroit, Chicago and Minneapolis where I'll be there performing with my live band.
The world is going to be in shock. Everybody who has heard it has been pleasantly surprised and they think it's a breath of fresh air. It's something that's not been done or heard before from the likes of me. I'm excited!
Learn more about The Divas of Drag tour by visiting thedivasofdrag.com. And be sure to follow Latrice and Mimi on all of their social channels for the latest updates about where you can purchase their albums.
by Eldon Khorshidi / @eldonadam
And it doesn't stop. Scottie Pippen's “LeBron may be the greatest ever” comments have boiled over ten-fold, with numerous NBA voices and opinions lashing out either in support, disbelief, or disgust. NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar expressed their thoughts Tuesday, with a heartfelt ‘open letter' reminding Pippen to think before making claims, whether about LeBron James or Michael Jordan. Abdul-Jabbar has a friendly yet angry tone throughout, and perhaps caps off their argument with a subtle message. Obtained by the LA Times:
How Soon They Forget: An Open Letter to Scottie Pippen
Dear Scottie,
I have nothing but respect for you my friend as an athlete and knowledgeable basketball mind. But you are way off in your assessment of who is the greatest player of all time and the greatest scorer of all time. Your comments are off because of your limited perspective. You obviously never saw Wilt Chamberlain play who undoubtedly was the greatest scorer this game has ever known. When did MJ ever average 50.4 points per game plus 25.7 rebounds? (Wilt in the 1962 season when blocked shot statistics were not kept). We will never accurately know how many shots Wilt blocked. Oh, by the way in 1967 and 68, Wilt was a league leader in assists. Did MJ ever score 100 points in a game? How many times did MJ score more than 60 points in a game? MJ led the league in scoring in consecutive seasons for 10 years but they did this in an NBA that eventually expanded into 30 teams vs. when Wilt played and there were only 8 teams.
Every team had the opportunity to amass a solid nucleus. Only the cream of the basketball world got to play then. So MJ has to be appraised in perspective. Their incredible athletic ability, charisma and leadership on the court helped to make basketball popular around the world — no question about that. But in terms of greatness, MJ has to take a backseat to The Stilt.
In terms of winning, Michael excelled as both an emotional and scoring leader but Bill Russell's Celtics won eight consecutive NBA Championships. Bill's rebounding average per game is over 22.5 lifetime, MJs best rebounding years was eight per game (1989). But we will never know exactly how many shots Bill Russell blocked because again, they never kept that statistic while they played. However, if you ask anybody that played against Russell, they will just roll their eyes and say they blocked all the shots they wanted to block in the crucial moments of a game.
Bill played on a total of 11 championship teams and as you very well know, Scottie, the ring is the thing, and everything else is just statistics. So I would advise you to do a little homework before crowning Michael or LeBron with the title of the best ever. As dominant as they are, LeBron has yet to win a championship. I must say that it looks like Miami has finally put the team together that will change that circumstance. Its my hope that today's players get a better perspective on exactly what has been done in this league in the days of yore.
Affectionately,
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar,
NBA's All-Time Leading Scorer
Pop star Taylor Swift has become the target of an online campaign after an American artist posted an open letter to the singer on social media, accusing them of stealing their artwork.
Artist Ally Burguieres has taken to Facebook to call out the 26-year-old singer of using one of their artworks to promote their album without their permission or offering compensation.
In October 2014, in the lead up to the release of their album 1989, Swift posted a picture of a hand-drawn fox with the song lyrics “They are the hunters we are the foxes and we run…” written beside it.
Ms Burguieres claims they are the original artist of the fox, which was signed by someone else in Swift's post.
Arist Ally Burguieres has been trying to get Swift's team to rectify the mistake for more than a year. (Ally Burguieres) ()
Now Ms Burguieres has taken to Facebook to document their legal venture to gain credit for the picture from Swift.
“I received word that although they used a copy of my work to promote their latest album, Taylor Swift isn't interested in crediting me because—according to their team—her endorsement is too ‘valuable',” Ms Burguieres posted earlier this month.
They followed up the claim with a letter addressed to Swift which has been shared more than 600 times since it was posted yesterday.
“I am a professional artist,” Ms Burguieres wrote.
“With years of work and support from customers, friends, and family, I have built a business around my designs.
“As a professional artist, I was astonished to see you use one of my most popular designs on all your official social media platforms as part of your promotions for 1989.
“The design was a copy, and with someone else's name signed to it. I was devastated.”
Yesterday Ms Burguieres posted an open letter to Swift on their Facebook page. (Ally Burguieres) ()
Ms Burguieres said at first they “took solace” in thinking it was an honest mistake.
“I thought if you only KNEW about the error, you would do what is in your power to make it right. I was wrong,” they wrote.
“After months of effort, I received an offer from you and your team that mentions no credit to me as the artist of the design, but does include payment of a ‘four-figure' amount, with the stipulation that I must donate it all.
“Taylor, as a professional, would you agree to such terms from Apple, or Spotify?”
Ms Burguieres ended their letter by admitting they did not know how or if it would help their plight but told Swift they hope to see their actions “fall more in life with the values you claim to hold”.
They were referring to the public claims Swift has made in regards to music sharing.
The singer famously stripped their entire backlog from Spotify at the end of last year, shortly after writing a piece for the Wall Street Journal about why they don't support streaming services.
“Art is important and rare,” they wrote.
“Important, rare things are valuable. Valuable things should be paid for.”
Shortly after removing their music from the service, and as the hashtag #justsayyes, a play on their lyrics and a bid for them to return started by Spotify's social media team, trended worldwide, the singer spoke to TIME once more about the importance of art.
“I think there should be an inherent value placed on art,” they said.
Australian feminist writer, Clementine Ford, shared Ms Burguieres's letter on Facebook, imploring them to live up to their word.
“This is really disappointing,” they wrote.
“Come on ‪#‎taylorswift - do the right thing and don't be a hypocrite. Your art is no more valuable than anyone else's.”
Despite the calls for Swift's attention it is likely Swift's team, rather than the singer herself, is responsible for handling their albums promotional material and any legal issues.
However, neither the singer nor their team have made commented on the use of the artwork at this stage.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Chelsea's John Terry fails in appeal against red card and will serve one-match ban
John Terry reacts to being sent off against Peterborough
Chelsea defender John Terry has failed in their appeal against the red card they were shown during Sunday's FA Cup clash with Peterborough.
Terry was dismissed in the 66th minute of the third-round tie at Stamford Bridge for bringing down Peterborough striker Lee Angol.
They will miss Saturday's Premier League clash away to champions Leicester City as a result of the one-game suspension being upheld.
The former England captain clipped Angol as they were running through on goal, with referee Kevin Friend ignoring pleas for clemency and showing Terry a red card.
Chelsea went on to win the game 4-1 and they will play Brentford at home in round four.
Terry was playing for the first time in more than two months and making their first Chelsea start since the EFL Cup clash with West Ham on October 26.
Referee Kevin Friend had little hesitation in sending Terry off despite their protests
An FA statement read: "John Terry will serve a one-match suspension with immediate effect after their wrongful dismissal claim was unsuccessful, following an Independent Regulatory Commission hearing.
"The Chelsea defender was sent off for denying an obvious goal scoring opportunity during The Emirates FA Cup third round tie against Peterborough United on Sunday."
Earlier this week, First Lady Michelle Obama visited the beach in Panama City, Florida, delivering a simple message in support of the local businesses effected by the BP Oil Disaster: come to the beaches, they're clean and open for business. This came up as a topic last night on The O'Reilly Factor, and guest Glenn Beck expressed outrage at what the First Lady chose to wear during the visit, calling it “the most Marie Antoinette I have ever seen of anything with Michelle Obama.”
Beck appeared with host Bill O'Reilly for a segment called “At Your Beck and Call,” and opened by first tackling President Obama's use of “black theology” and “black liberation theology” claiming that that “it doesn't matter what color they are… and something about how “his salvation is tied to a collective salvation” (which is the reason why we should be concerned about our country.)
Then the topic shifted to the First Lady, where they first launched into Michelle Obama's anti-obesity campaign. When O'Reilly asked what was wrong with the “First Lady simply wanting healthier and skinnier kids?' Beck parried by stating that they “just (doesn't) want the Government Health Czar to tell me that my kids can have X, Y, or Z.”
But by far the most absurd part of the conversation came when Glenn Beck chose to critique, nay, mock, the fashion choice made by Ms. Obama's rather benign visit to the Florida beach. A transcript of this part of the exchange follows:
Beck: One more thing. The most Marie Antoinette I have ever seen of anything with Michelle Obama. Did you see the dress they were wearing when they went down and toured the oil spill? O'Reilly: I did not. Beck: This is good stuff. They look like — who pulls this dress out of the closet and says ‘you know what I'm going tour the oil…'cause I can relate. It's designer dress that is all white with black swatches all over it. O'Reilly: You don't think they were dressed appropriate for the oil spill? Beck: I think this is an outrage. Look at the dress! O'Reilly: Its an outrage? Beck: Oh its absolutely and outrage! O'Reilly: I love you. Laura ingraham came on here last night and said that Michelle Obama's garden is a left wing plot. Now you are saying Michelle Obama's dress is an outrage?!
O'Reilly deserves credit for calling out the inherent absurdity in Beck's critique, and to be fair, there is a lot of laughter in the back and forth…so, they're joking? They're joking! But wait, this is the sort of blind and specious anti-Obama rhetoric that consistently comes from Glenn Beck, often without logic or reason as a support. Something tells me that the vast majority of Beck's fans probably don't see this as a joke, and take whatever they say as very, very seriously.
Maybe it's time we should all start taking Glenn Beck more seriously, but for different reasons all together. (H/T NY Mag's Daily Intel)
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Former Westlake High School teacher Haeli Wey received 10 years of probation Friday for engaging in sexual conduct with two 17-year-old students in 2015.
The sentencing, which includes 200 hours of community service, comes a month after Wey pleaded guilty on Feb. 3 to two counts of an improper relationship with a student.
The felony conviction won't require Wey to register as a sex offender.
OUR INVESTIGATION: Why so many Texas teachers accused of improper relations are never charged
Them attorney, Larry Sauer, said Wey accepts full responsibility for their actions.
"As a teacher they had a duty to not get involved with students," Sauer said. "Because of circumstances in their life, they made poor choices. They feel in a much better place in their life now and will never be in a situation like this again."
Sauer said Wey, a camp counselor at Austin Ridge Bible Church, struggled to cope with the sudden death of 15-year-old Sarah Pool in a boating accident at a church event in June 2015. Wey was close with Pool, according to Sauer.
"That threw them out of balance," Sauer said.
INTERACTIVE DATABASE: Search for accused teachers by name or school district
That fall, a Westlake student told authorities they had sex with Wey about 10 times between August and September after they met them at a summer student ministry program. Sex between them stopped when the student discovered Wey went on a hike with another student, according to the affidavit from their December 2015 arrest.
The second student told authorities they kissed and touched Wey during a hike at Commons Ford Park.
Wey resigned in October 2015 and later surrendered their teaching license.
I received a cute little package with my name and address beautifully handwritten. Inside had a cute Xmas card and two nicely wrapped gifts. As I took the gifts out I realized there was something else... I got a really sweet page out of Snow White!!!! Beautiful art with the Evil Queen and Snow White. I love it! I opened my gifts and I couldn't believe my eyes... THEY MAKE A FREAKING KYLO REN MOLESKINE!!!!!!!!!!!! omg I can't say omg enough. I literally screamed. I opened my other gift and was wowed again. I got a pack of grayscale Tombow two-sided markers. THANK YOU, whoever you are. I will cherish my Moleskine, frame my snow white page, and use the hell out of those markers. Secret Santa, if you want proof that I am using the wonderful markers just keep an eye out for mooncookielazerbeef on instagram. I love my gifts THANK YOU! <3
How to visualize your golf swing is an often overlooked part of the pre-shot routine. People either write it off as some "woowoo zen thing" or as something that doesn't matter. If the top players in the world have implemented this as part of their pre-shot routine I think it's safe to say it's worth doing.
More...
Jason Day on their visualization process
On a recent broadcast there was an interview with Jason Day about how/why they visualize. They said that the process helped them manage their emotions in the moment as well as commit to the plan they had in their head. This allowed them to be calmer and more focused while actually executing the shot.
When asked about what they visualize Jason went on to say:
I see my swing... I'm standing behind looking at me swing to the target. Once I see that I see my set up. I see the swing go back and forth through. I see the ball take off and whatever I see, draw, fade, high, low. Then I see it bounce and roll. Jason Day
Sign up to get my Mental Mastery Cheat Sheet so you can learn to think like the pros.
Sign Up
How to develop your own process
My personal process is extremely similar to that of Jason Day. I do tend to put more focus on the landing zone and what the ball will do after it hits the ground. This is purely a personal preference because I know I have to work EXTRA hard to stay target oriented in my process.
In an interview I did with Rick Sessinghaus (PGA instructor & mental game coach) we discussed how people can develop their own process for visualization. What stuck with me was a great one liner that Rick had.
If you can't visualize then verbalize ~ @RickSessinghaus Click to Tweet
Rick said that people who are new to visualization or who struggle with it may want to try talking themselves through the shot. By audibly stating your intent it can help create that internal visual that can help you more consistently perform at a higher level.
Hopefully this has added some insight (pun intended) to your pre-shot routine. Why don't you let us know your pre-shot routine in the comments below.
Cheers!​
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) - The largest public animal shelter in Indianapolis has announced that it is at capacity and animals are in critical need of adoption to avoid euthanasia.
According to Indianapolis Animal Care Services (IACS), an influx of surrendered pets is typical heading into the holiday season.
This year, the shelter is out of space due to efforts to avoid destroying cats and dogs.
"We have been struggling because we aren't euthanizing as much as we have in the past," Deputy Director Katie Trennepohl said. "By ordinance, we have to take those animals so if we can't get them out with the help of our rescue partners, with adoption or finding their homes, the only option that we have is euthanasia and that's not something that we take lightly here."
IACS will run its "Pay it Forward" promotion through the end of the year which waives the adoption fee with a $15 worth of items donated off its wish list.
"It's a great time for them to come and adopt but also the shelter to move some animals out because we really need to; lives depend on it at this point," Trennepohl said.
IACS can house between 600 and 700 animals. It currently has zero empty cage space.
If people are unable to adopt, the agency said it can use volunteers to walk dogs and foster homes to take in cats or dogs for two weeks.
The Perries weave a mature sound well beyond their age and yet their youth pours out through wild horn lines and jazz-inspired jams.
Emerging out of the Sunshine Coast when still in school, The Perries have been busy piecing together a colourful sound inspired by the traditions of reggae, jazz, ska and the coastal lifestyle of sun and salt water.
Having played gigs at renowned venues and festivals such as Solbar, Caloundra Music Festival and Peregian Originals, the group have become known for their live performances which can be calm and fluid before erupting, rising into a wave of sound and vibration.
Singing songs of the sea, days saturated in sun and backyard memories, The Perries will make you move your feet, set you lose like a group of jazz-cats and gypsies gone wild.
President Donald Trump stops to answer questions, accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, on the South Lawn of the White House on Sunday. | Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Photo Trump Cabinet's Camp David retreat focuses on weathering storms
President Donald Trump and their Cabinet spent the weekend at Camp David monitoring the Florida hurricane while girding for a fall legislative battle complicated by Trump's surprise deal with Democrats last week.
The gathering brought Trump's Cabinet to the presidential retreat in Maryland for what the White House had called a "working weekend" designed to align officials on key agenda items including tax legislation, North Korea and a regulatory overhaul.
Story Continued Below
The hurricane barreling toward Florida dominated much of the attention. Federal emergency officials delivered remote updates to the president and agency chiefs throughout the weekend, and Trump sought to make it clear they were focused on the threat.
"We had the Cabinet, the whole Cabinet now," Trump told reporters at the White House on Sunday after landing on the South Lawn. "Every group is coordinating really well. The bad news is this some big monster, but I think we're very well put."
"I'll be going to Florida very soon," they added.
The weekend retreat was conceived as a team-building effort to fully utilize cabinet secretaries as the White House attempts to push its legislative priorities such as tax reform.
Cabinet secretaries around the table at Camp David discussed how they can help promote the tax effort, according to a senior administration official. The details of a tax plan are being left to officials on Capitol Hill, with a goal of quickly cooking up a plan that's revenue neutral, the official said.
Trump's surprise move last week, siding with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on a deal to keep the government open into December and raise the federal debt limit, could create new challenges for the administration's tax effort.
The White House and GOP lawmakers are now bracing for an empowered conservative movement plotting over the next three months leading up to the next vote on government spending in December.
Conservatives in the House and Senate are already “on the march” and “getting organized” in the lead up to the December, and that the White House better act quickly, one Republican close to those lawmakers said.
A senior GOP aide said Sunday the backlash “puts more pressure on the White House to figure out a deal.”
“Trump made this deal with Chuck [Schumer] and Nancy [Pelosi], and they need to figure out a way to resolve this in a few months," the aide said. "They're going to need to work with conservatives, there's some healing that has to go on in that relationship.”
Administration officials and Republican leaders are eager for more details of a tax plan so they can start promoting it publicly. But they also fear that if it leaks too soon, conservative groups and special interests will tear it apart with attack ads and other paid media, according to the senior administration official and senior GOP aide.
On the debt ceiling, the White House hopes to avoid the subject, the administration official said.
House Freedom Caucus Member Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) said lawmakers "will get another bite at the apple" after the debt ceiling deal last week.
“I don't think this was a good deal for the American taxpayer," they said on Fox News Sunday. "We didn't do anything to address the underlying $20 trillion debt problem."
But they acknowledged Republicans failed to offer a better plan. “Frankly, what options did the president have?”
The infamous deconstructed-blockchain-as-a-service-to-relieve-your-bank-of-its-R&D-budget company known as R3CEV has somehow managed to have some disparaging articles about their newly announced $200-million-dollar fundraising effort erased from the web.
…Well, as erased as one can get these days. Cached links are available for at least two of the wiped articles [note]http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:https://ibsintelligence.com/ibs-journal/ibs-news/knives-out-for-r3-blockchain-group-as-it-seeks-200m-in-funding/ [/note] [note]http://archive.is/wSuMj [/note].
The scrubbed articles paint a much different picture than the sterile spin provided by sanctioned versions such as this one, provided by The Merkle.
The most notable zombified excerpts read as follows:
Knives out for R3 blockchain group as it seeks $200m in funding Bank-backed blockchain mega-consortium R3CEV is rumoured to be facing a little trouble from its member banks over its extra funding needs. … The request for funding has reportedly not gone down well with the core members of the R3 consortium, who want a bigger return on their investment and for their support of the overall project. An insider has described the situation as an “implosion”, adding that “the big banks are apoplectic with the high-handed approach and are busy considering their options.” ~ IBSIntelligence.com
&
Blockchain consortium R3 facing unrest over capital raise Bank-backed blockchain consortium R3 is rumoured to be facing unrest among its membership as it seeks $200 million in funding to develop a utility-based service using distributed ledger technology. … According to a report in efinancialnews [note] http://www.efinancialnews.com/story/2016-05-12/r3-looks-to-raise-200-million-for-blockchain-utility [/note], R3 is now seeking $200 million in capital from its members in exchange for equity stakes in the proposed utility. … One industry insider described the stand-off as an “implosion at R3”, adding “the big banks are apoplectic with the high handed approach and are busy ‘considering their options'. ~Finextra.com
Are these banks finally coming to terms with the possibility that they are funding an overpriced bastardization of Quickbooks for the Cloud? Are they realizing that cooperating as a formalized cartel might not be the best path to regulatory freedom?
Who knows? More importantly, who cares?
Despite Blockchain-without-Bitcoin being a relatively unproven solution, the competition is heating up faster than a basement GPU mining farm. R3CEV is facing a reality where companies like IBM and Digital Asset are going all-in against them. That's a lot of hungry investment money fighting over what may be an imaginary slice of vaporous pie.
Maybe if R3 representatives such as Tim Swanson and Mike Hearn spent less time trolling Bitcoin via blog posts [note] http://genius.it/9067221/www.ofnumbers.com/2016/04/28/self-doxxing-dynamic-block-making-and-re-decentralization-of-mining [/note] and NY Times FUD articles [note] http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/17/business/dealbook/the-bitcoin-believer-who-gave-up.html [/note], and more time embracing the world's greatest blockchain, they'd actually be getting somewhere.
This article will R3CEV-destruct in 3… 2…
UPDATE: Hey R3, you missed one! http://www.the-blockchain.com/2016/05/13/blockchain-consortium-r3-raise-raise-200-million-member-banks/
UPDATE: Finally, some concrete info about their $200m raise: http://www.afr.com/technology/r3-to-raise-up-to-us200m-from-42-global-banks-for-blockchain-trials-20160515-govexd
Video: Microsoft's Azure boosts security with "confidential computing" service
Microsoft is expanding the availability of its most secure Azure Government Cloud.
Microsoft announced plans to expand its Azure Government Secret service for handling classified data during its Government Cloud Forum in Washington, D.C. on Oct. 17.
The service -- which will be available at some future date (Microsoft officials declined to state) -- will give the US Government, including Federal civilian, every branch of the U.S. military and defense agencies and the intelligence community access to secret-level Azure Government Cloud.
Microsoft already has six government-only datacenter regions with DoD Impact Level 5 Provisional Authorization, including two regions for DoD workloads only. Secret is technically its own government classification not a provisional authority level. There are two levels of classifications. Microsoft has been authorized for "secret data" (not top-secret).
Azure Government Secret will provide multi-tenant cloud infrastructure and cloud capabilities to US Federal Civilian, Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, and US Government partners working within Secret enclaves, officials said.
"Customers with Secret requirements can expect to gain access to new technologies at scale, including services such as cognitive capabilities, artificial intelligence, and predictive analytics," Microsoft officials said in a blog post outlining the coming service.
Microsoft initially made Azure Government Cloud, the locked-down version of Azure designed expressly for U.S. government customers, in December 2014. Codenamed "Fairfax," this cloud service is for federal, state, local, tribal, and DoD customers and their resellers/solution providers. Azure Government Cloud datacenters are secured and operated and supported by US citizens with background screening. All customer data, content, organizational data, hardware, networking, phyiscal infrastructure, and supporting personnel are in the continental US.
Microsoft made some additional cloud announcements at today's confab. In early 2018, Microsoft 365 will be generally available for its US government customers, officials said today. This release will include Microsoft Teams, Planner, PowerApps, and Flow.
Microsoft is introducing Blockchain for Azure Government today. Microsoft has been doing a lot of work to bring support for blockchain distributed ledger technology to its non-government customers.
Microsoft also is bringing its Azure Security Center, its unified security management and advanced threat protection technology, to Azure Government; bringing the NC-Series and Azure Batch, including its H-series virtual machines to Azure Government before eyar-end; and adding support for Citrix Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) technology on Azure Government. The Citrix VDI support for Azure allows users to run Windows 10 desktops virtually on Azure.
911joy Registered User
Join Date: May 2015 Posts: 2
1989 Anniversary Edition 911 G50 Coupe Sold - Thanks Pelican and members for the great interest level!
1989 Anniversary Edition 911 G50 Coupe
I am the 2nd owner of this G50 coupe purchased by me with 2,700 miles in 1991, it now has 220,347. This is a collectible 1989 911 Anniversary Edition, one of 240 silver 25th Anniversary coupes imported for sale in the U.S. The top-end was rebuilded and the clutch serviced at 110k, no leaks. Fitted with rear sway bar, strut brace, and stainless brake lines. The car is well sorted, runs strong and stops great. Everything works; guages, power windows, mirrors, seats, cruise control, sunroof, locks, blowers etc. The car has been in Southern California since new, never tracked, always garaged.
Drivers door repainted - scraped while car was stationary in parking garage.
A/C needs to be recharged with unobtanium refrigerant.
Includes original owners manual and service booklet, tool kit, air compressor, and car cover.
Recently serviced; Oil and filter, new catalytic, new battery, and 4 new Hankook tires.
Passed California smog and currently CA registered.
Clear title and clean CarFax report
$29,000
Located in W. San Fernando Valley (Los Angeles)
VIN:WP0AB0912KS120934
Last edited by 911joy; 05-28-2015 at 05:16 PM ..
CONTRA's first group buy has concluded, but there are still opportunities for you to get your hands on one of these kits!
Extras Sale: We ordered more units than we sold – on purpose! The primary goal was to cover potential lost and damaged shipments or component failures. Come April 2018, we're going to put the remainder of those additional CONTRA kits up for sale for $40 USD
Cases: If you're looking to get a CONTRA or have one, but would like a more polished case to contain it, we are working on case ideas. No price points yet, but stay tuned for teaser renders and timelines
Round Two: Once some time has passed, we're going to update the PCB, probably select another color, and produce a second round of this low cost kit.
Whichever way you'd like to get a CONTRA, please fill out the form to the right and we'll reach out when there is news about the options you select.
• Rovers' Sam Allardyce 'not suited to Bolton or Blackburn' • Says they and Mark Hughes were treated badly at big clubs
Sam Allardyce has said that they and Mark Hughes have not been given enough time at bigger clubs. The Blackburn Rovers manager also said that they would win a league title every year if they were in control of Real Madrid or Manchester United.
Allardyce and Hughes meet tomorrow as the managers of Blackburn and Fulham. Hughes was sacked by Manchester City last season and Allardyce's time in charge of Newcastle lasted less than half a season.
"I'm not suited to Bolton or Blackburn, I would be more suited to Inter or Real Madrid," Allardyce said. "It wouldn't be a problem to me to go and manage those clubs because I would win the double or the league every time. Give me Manchester United or Chelsea and I would do the same, it wouldn't be a problem. It's not where I'm suited to, it's just where I've been for most of the time.
"It's not a problem to take me into the higher reaches of the Champions League or Premier League and [it] would make my job a lot easier in winning it."
Hughes has made a good start at Fulham, who are one of five teams unbeaten in the Premier League so far. They spent three seasons as a player and four years as manager at Blackburn.
Allardyce said the Welshman had been harshly treated: "His Manchester City reign obviously was not long enough. A little bit like me at Newcastle, but I didn't last quite as long as Sparky, though. They were given the chance and unfortunately at that stage of their career they decided to have a change.
"You look back on it and he'll be very disappointed because they only lost two games, I think. But that is the way it is sometimes, there's a perception that other people can do better than you, but often the reality is not the case.
"[Hughes] decided that Fulham was the place for him, he's taken over what he's described in their own words as a very good team and he's started where they left off last season."
Allardyce said Fulham would feel the loss of the striker Bobby Zamora, who suffered a broken leg last week.
They said: "Bobby Zamora was the most improved player last year without a shadow of a doubt. They get them into a European [Europa League] final, they get themselves in the England squad and all of a sudden they become an outstanding centre forward."
Donald Trump is using government-funded lawyers to defend their practice of accepting foreign influence money through their hotels and other businesses.
Donald Trump is using taxpayer-funded government lawyers to defend their practice of accepting money from foreign entities through their hotels and other companies.
There are at least 10 lawyers working on these cases, with salaries ranging from $133,000 to $185,000.
USA Today reports that there are four cases being litigated because Trump has refused to divest their holdings or disconnect themselves from the Trump Organization.
The paper also revealed that the Justice Department, led by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, tried to hide this arrangement. The department would not answer inquiries, and the connections were made only after Freedom of Information Act request was filed and fulfilled.
Stuart Gerson, who served as head of the Justice Department's civil division under Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, told USA Today, “I can't think of a precedent where another civil division lawyer has been called on to defend the president under these circumstances.”
Previous presidents addressed ethics concerns by erecting a wall of separation between themselves and outside businesses. Trump chose from the beginning of their presidency to throw this tradition out the window.
Instead, Trump continues to profit from businesses like their hotels, which have been used as a repository for foreign money.
Those foreign entities who have spent money at Trump hotels have often done so while also having business in front of the Trump administration. The entanglements give a clear path for Trump to be paid off through their businesses for decisions they make as president.
The taxpayer-funded lawyers are defending the unethical arrangement in court. As USA Today reports, “The taxpayer-funded lawyers are making the case that it is not unconstitutional for the president's private companies to earn profits from foreign governments and officials while he's in office.”
The lawyers are making the claim — disputed by several experts and watchdog groups — that the constitutional ban on gifts from foreign interests (the emoluments clause) does not apply when those foreign businesses do business with Trump's companies.
Trump uses the presidency to enrich himself. They also use their businesses as a pathway for money that influences their decisions in the presidency.
And now we know that they are using American tax dollars to defend the entire enterprise in court.
Chemical reactions at a flooded Texas factory resulted in a large fire on Friday sending thick black smoke hundreds of feet into the air.
It's the second blaze in as many days at the factory northeast of Houston. CNN and CBS News tweeted aerial footage of the flames:
JUST IN: Smoke and fire raging at the Arkema chemical plant in Crosby, Texas https://t.co/2AQSH2eRoy pic.twitter.com/kIOghc59Sp — CNN (@CNN) September 1, 2017
"At least 2 of 8 remaining tractor trailers that contain organic peroxide have exploded," @krisvancleave says of Arkema plant fire. pic.twitter.com/lXNVxZVF6L — CBS News (@CBSNews) September 1, 2017
At least two tractor trailers at the facility containing organic peroxide have now burst into flames, and several more remain intact.
In a statement Friday evening, Arkema Inc. said representatives of the Harris County Emergency Operation Center “observed multiple dark plumes of smoke” coming from its plant in Crosby, Texas, around 5:50 p.m. local time. A fire was spotted shortly thereafter.
“Organic peroxides are extremely flammable and, as agreed with public officials, the best course of action is to let the fire burn itself out,” the company said. “We will likely see additional incidents. Please do not return to the area within the evacuation zone until local emergency response authorities announce it is safe to do so.”
Rachel Moreno, a spokesperson for the Harris County Fire Marshal's Office, told HuffPost in an email that residents who opt to remain within the 1.5-mile evacuation zone “should shelter in place” and “make sure their windows are shut.”
For the last two days, the owner of the factory has refused to disclose its inventory or a map of the flood-damaged facility, citing terrorist threats. During a teleconference Friday, Arkema Inc. CEO Richard Rowe told reporters they were balancing “the public's right to know and the public's right to be secure.” The company did not respond to multiple requests for comment Friday. The Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that it conducted air quality monitoring on the ground and tested the fire's smoke using an aerial surveillance aircraft, but “neither of the methods found toxic concentration levels in areas away from the evacuated facility.” “The refrigeration units have been compromised due to the massive flooding and therefore we expect these containers to catch fire similar to the way the first trailer did last night,” the EPA and the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality said in a joint statement.
On Thursday morning, chemical reactions at the flooded factory resulted in flames and black smoke, sending 15 deputies to the hospital for smoke inhalation. By midday, the blaze at the factory had burned out, but not before some 2 tons of organic peroxides inside a storage trailer went up in smoke, The Associated Press reported late Thursday. And the company warned additional fires could follow.
“We continue to monitor the temperature in the remaining trailers and there is evidence suggesting that other trailers will soon burn, but there have been no reports of any fires or smoke,” Arkema Inc. said in a statement Thursday afternoon.
The company initially referred to the early morning incident as “explosions,” but officials later described them as “pops” and said they were not anticipating serious destruction.
“There were different organic peroxides that were released and created a pop in the containers where they were stored,” Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzalez said. “Smoke initially emanated from it, and that turned into black smoke.”
Officials said the fire was blazing as of 10 a.m. local time Thursday but had expected the flames to die down without causing a tremendous amount of damage.
By Thursday morning, all 15 deputies had been released from the hospital, the sheriff's office announced. Gonzalez told reporters Thursday that the fumes released in the fire were not toxic and compared the smoke from the plant to campfire smoke.
But minutes later, Arkema executive Richard Rennard wouldn't say whether the fumes were nontoxic.
“This isn't a chemical release,” Rennard said. “What we have is a fire, and when you have a fire where hydrocarbons, these chemicals, are burning, you have smoke. Any smoke is going to be an irritant to your eyes or your lungs or potentially your skin. If you are exposed to that, we certainly encourage anyone that may be exposed to the smoke coming from the fire to call their doctor or seek medical advice.”
When pressed about the danger the smoke could pose to the community, Rennard remained vague in their explanation.
“I don't know the composition of the smoke, but it's certainly noxious,” Rennard said. “Toxicity is a relative thing.”
Rennard said they expect the other eight box containers holding organic peroxide to also decompose and catch fire, but wouldn't speculate how long it would take.
“It's not over,” Rennard said. “This a very serious issue, and we know that.”
The Environmental Protection Agency released a statement Thursday noting that data collected by an aircraft surveying the scene indicated “no concentrations of concern for toxic materials” at this time.
The National Weather Service warned residents to avoid the area, especially as the wind begins to blow east.
Arkema North America on Wednesday had warned that a fire or explosion in the next few days at a flooded chemical plant on the outskirts of Houston was virtually inevitable.
The factory lost power early Sunday, which it needs to refrigerate volatile chemicals. Those chemicals ignite if they get too warm, said the company's CEO, Richard Rowe.
“Materials could now explode and cause a subsequent intense fire,” Rowe said. “The high water that exists on site, and the lack of power, leave us with no way to prevent it.”
“We're really blocked from taking meaningful action,” they added.
The company powered its coolers with backup generators at first, but they were overwhelmed by water and have failed, leaving the chemicals to warm.
“There are nine bins. Of the nine, three had lost refrigeration to keep them cool,” Harris County fire marshal Mike Montgomery said during a news conference on Thursday.
Residents living within a 1.5-mile radius of the plant were evacuated Tuesday, along with a skeleton crew of Arkema workers who had stayed behind during the storm in case of an emergency.
Arkema manufactures organic peroxides at the Crosby plant. According to a safe storage manual by AkzoNobel, a rival chemical manufacturer, that class of chemicals is considered “highly combustible.” At high ambient temperatures, “a violent combustion or thermal explosion” is possible, the manual says.
Arkema is among dozens of chemical plants and refineries in the Houston area, many of which have sustained damage in this week's flooding, causing harm to residents' health and the environment.
LOWELL -- Gun-rights advocates told Police Superintendent William Taylor and other city leaders Monday in a face-to-face meeting that the city should roll back its gun-policy requirements to match the state's.
"You're, in essence, rewriting state law through your own mandate," said Randy Breton, one of nine residents who spoke. Gun-permit applicants shouldn't have to demonstrate themselves worthy of a license, they added, but should be presumed safe unless proven otherwise.
Others said a requirement that all applicants must complete a safety course before being issued a license to carry wasn't fair. Arthur Perkins said the rights of other residents, alluding to those worried about guns in the city, were not more important than those of gun-owners. Mike Peoples said residents need to protect themselves from violence in the community.
"You're taking guns away from the good guys, that's all you're doing," Peoples said.
City Manager Kevin Murphy, who acted as a type of mediator between the two sides, said they would consider the input from residents and meet with Taylor and members of the city's Law Department to review the city's policies and potentially make changes.
"I hear you loud and clear," they said several times to the residents, who sat around a big table in the Mayor's Reception Room in City Hall.
Taylor, who has the sole authority over the city's gun regulations, updated the policy earlier this year for what they said was the first changes to the policy in at least 30 years.
Advertisement
As the guidelines are now written, applicants seeking unrestricted licenses will also be required to provide documentation showing they will not pose a threat to public safety, including prior military or law-enforcement service, a prior license-to-carry permit, or signed letters of recommendation.
Taylor said Monday they had considered resident input in making those changes, as well as Constitutional rights, state law, and regulations in other communities. The department generally didn't allow any unrestricted licenses before the policy change, they said.
"We listened and heard everyone's concerns," Taylor said, calling the policy "a common sense approach."
To an outspoken group of residents, however, the policy goes too far in making it difficult for even law-abiding residents to obtain an unrestricted license. Many of the same residents spoke out at City Council meetings in February and October. Taylor reviewed the city's policy after the February meeting, and further complaints by residents in October spurred the council to vote to have Taylor and Murphy meet with the residents to find common ground.
Three residents sued Taylor in March, saying they were unfairly denied unrestricted firearm permits, each saying they were given approval only for "sporting" use, not unrestricted use.
On Monday, Carolyn Cardella said the new policy gives too much weight to fears of residents who tend to be closed-minded to guns. Another resident, Dan Gannon, summed up what became a consensus among the residents, that Lowell should simply adopt the state law, which has fewer requirements for applicants.
"It just feels like we're reinventing the wheel," they said.
Follow Grant Welker on Twitter and Tout @SunGrantWelker.
The Syrian rebel leader touted as the West's new hope to take on both militant Islamists and the regime of President Bashar al-Assad has been forced to deny widespread allegations of theft and war profiteering.
In an interview with The Telegraph, Jamal Maarouf, appointed to head a new coalition of forces, the Syrian Revolutionary Front, rejected allegations that over the three years of war they had accumulated a fortune and a large collection of cars for their personal use.
They said their critics, many of them heads of rival rebel brigades, were “latecomers to the revolution” who resented their leadership and were in many cases trying to promote an Islamist ideology at odds with the moderate politics that has won them outside support.
“If you accuse us of being thieves you accuse the fighters who started the revolution of being thieves,” they said, speaking from a house over the border from Syria in the outskirts of the Turkish city of Antakya.
They claimed they had never even sat in a BMW – a car to which they are supposed to be partial, according to their accusers. “I have three wives and 13 children, but I don't have a car,” they said. “My house was burned down by the regime seven months after the revolution started.
"Now I sleep in the captured houses of the Shabiha (the Assad 'ghost' militia)”.
The sudden Western backing for Mr Maarouf, agreed at the end of last year, was a strategic response to the worsening situation inside the country, particularly for proponents of the “democratic uprising” originally supported by the United States, Britain and its allies.
While the regime's forces had managed over the previous six months to stabilise their position and even retake rebel-held towns like Qusayr, other opposition territory had fallen under the sway of radical jihadists.
Some belonged to al-Qaeda splinter groups like the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), but even “moderate” Islamist groups declared loyalty to a Sharia state and rejected the West, particularly after its refusal to intervene militarily in response to the Damascus chemical weapons attacks in August.
In advance of peace talks finally held in Geneva in January and February, the United States, other western allies including Britain, and Saudi Arabia decided to back fighters prepared to take on both the regime and ISIS, preferably without an Islamist agenda.
Mr Maarouf, leader of a “moderate” militia without an Islamist ideology, the Syrian Martyrs Brigade, well-established in the Jabal al-Zawiya mountains of Idlib province in the north-west of the country, seemed a good candidate. Within weeks, their claims to leadership were being pressed on both journalists and western politicians by an assortment of public relations and lobbying companies with close links to the Foreign Office and the Washington establishment.
In return, they endorsed the Geneva peace talks, unlike many of the rebel groups. They have also repeatedly stated that they are a “good Muslim” but that their interpretation of Islam does not include the use of force to establish the religion and the harsh punishments, including beheading, practised by ISIS.
Rebel fighters prepare to launch rockets in Idlib province at the start of March (AFP/GETTY)
In battles lasting from the beginning of January to this week, their and other brigades have driven ISIS out of Idlib and much of northern Aleppo provinces, allowing western diplomats at Geneva to boast that they had at last found a “revolution” they could support.
However, Mr Maarouf was a controversial choice as a frontman. Other groups accused them of smuggling captured oil supplies for personal profit. Last autumn, fellow fighters alleged to The Telegraph that they had deliberately held up attacks on the besieged regime base of Wadi Dayf, south-west of Aleppo, because they feared the money they received from Saudi Arabia to pursue the battle would stop if they won.
Hassan Aboud, leader of the powerful salafi Islamist Ahrar al-Sham brigade, said their men were no more than “gangs who stole from the revolution”.
Last week in southern Turkey, even a senior figure attached to a militia to which the Syrian Revolutionary Front is supposed to be allied, described them on condition of anonymity as “one of the biggest brigands in Syria”. They did add, however: “He is one of our brigands, and maybe all rebel leaders have to be brigands.”
Mr Maarouf acknowledges that they have had $4 million in funding over the last three years from Saudi Arabia, as well as more money from the United States, distributed through the official rebel military council. However, they also claimed that far from the new supplies of weapons they had been promised, the flow had dried up.
“Most of our weapons are looted from captured regime stores,” they said, confirming reports elsewhere that despite widespread suggestions that the Gulf kingdom was about to fund and supply a “spring push” against the regime, there was no sign of it on the ground.
Some reports suggest that President Barack Obama, who has exercised an effective veto over supplies of heavy weapons such as anti-aircraft missiles to the opposition, is still unhappy about the possibility they might fall into jihadist hands.
Whatever their personal record, Mr Maarouf may be the West's last hope in Syria. On the eve of the peace talks, the new – and also Saudi-supported – leader of the political opposition, Ahmed Jarba, who led its delegation to the talks, paid the SRF a highly symbolic visit in Idlib.
The two men were photographed together – a visible gesture of backing from armed rebels for the negotiations, and for Mr Maarouf from the political leadership. The talks failed, but the battle goes on, with Syria now increasingly divided in three – the Assad regime in the centre and south, the Free Syrian Army in the north-west, and ISIS in the north-east.
As for Mr Maarouf, even their supporters acknowledge they may be a flawed hero. “We know the allegations,” one adviser to the opposition said.
“They have been dealt with.”
I have a confession to make. I use Linux more than I do any other operating system by a wide margin, but I also use a lot of Apple products. In house at the moment are two Mac Minis; a MacBook Pro, a pair of iPod Touches, and, oh yes, an iPad mark 1. I know I'm not the only Linux or Windows guy who likes their Mac stuff too. In recent months I've been to both open-source and Windows tech. shows and I've seen MacBooks, iPhones and iPads everywhere. Now, with the iPad2 on the runway, if Android, MeeGo, webOS, and yes Windows too, want to play a sizable share of the tablet market, they need to make moves now or the iPad 2 is going to run them over.
First, while the iPad 2 doesn't look to me like a great upgrade over the first model of the iPad, it further extends its lead over the existing tablets. I've seen and played with, to name a few, the Motorola Xoom; the Fujitsu Stylistic Windows 7 slate; and a host of other, older Android tablets. None of them are competitive yet with the first iPad, never mind the iPad 2.
So is it game over for iPad's would-be competitors? No, but here's what I think Google, Intel, HP and Microsoft need to do to make a fight of it.
First, everyone needs to go low on price. Forget about fighting it out on the high-end. Apple under Jobs has always been the premium brand. No one's going to move them out of that spot of the market anytime in the next few years.
As part of that, all the other players are going to need to get a handle on how Apple handles its supply chain. This is one area where MeeGo and webOS, since both are tied to one vendor, have a potential edge.
Android: First, Android 2.x is fine for smartphones. I love my Droid 2 smartphone with Android 2.2. But, no version of Android 2.x works that well on full-scale tablets. Oh, certainly you can use it on a small tablets like Barnes & Noble's Nook Color, but Android 3, aka Honeycomb, needs to be out and in the hands of OEMs and developers yesterday.
Google also must clean up Android's security holes. Yes, being open is a good thing, but at least in Apple's closed software garden, there's only one throat to throttle: Apple's, if something goes wrong. At the very least, Google needs to assign quality assurance and security people to the Google App Store to make sure this kind of crap doesn't get through to customers.
It's beyond Google's control, but all the many would-be Android tablet players also need to pay close attention to design and style. Why do you think Apple keeps making billions anyway? It's not because they're the cheapest-they're never that-or always technically the best, but their devices just look and feel good. Chances are you don't have someone with Steve Jobs' design aesthetic sense, but Android OEMs have to try harder.
Once they had good-looking designs. Android vendors can also try, more easily than the others, to go cheap. If someone can manage to make a good, not great, but full-sized tablet for say $250, they've got a real chance of cleaning up the mid-range market.
MeeGo First, Nokia deserts them for that tramp Windows Phone 7, and now they have to face a new model iPad. What's an open-operating system to do? Well, MeeGo has all the problems that Android, but it also has a much smaller developer community and no OEMs to speak of since Nokia bolted. If MeeGo wants to play on tablets, and not just in in-vehicle infotainment (IVI hardware, Intel needs not only to push the software out to developers fast, it needs to start work yesterday on a great design. Good luck MeeGo, I like you, but you're going to need all the help you can get.
Page 2: [WebOS & Windows] »
WebOS & Windows
WebOS HP's webOS looks like it could be a contender, but I think HP needs to open up the operating system to attract more developers. WebOS is also Linux-based, but the good parts are proprietary software, Microsoft and Apple can get away with that in 2011, I don't have much of anyone else can. I've also heard rumors that HP is going to price webOS at about iPad 2, or even higher, levels. Don't. You won't stand a chance.
Windows I bet you think I'm going to trash Microsoft again. You'd be wrong. Most people don't know it, but Microsoft, along with partners like Fujitsu, has long made very successful, albeit very vertical market tablets. The first one I ever used ran, if I recall correctly, Windows 95, and you know what? For its day, it was quite good.
Today's Windows 7 on tablets looks even better than the old one did in its day. Oh, it's no where near as nifty and user-friendly as Android, iOS, or webOS, but what it does have is the ability to be managed and secured by corporate IT departments using the usual Active Directory (AD) tools. The other mobile operating systems have nothing that's comparable to that
Microsoft could, quite easily, stay IT's preferred tablet operating system. If it wasn't for all those darn C-level executives demanding iPads… I don't know if Microsoft can make Windows 7 sexy on a tablet, but it would be a good thing for them to work on.
After all, there's a reason why most of you never knew about the Windows tablet of yesterday, people only wanted them in specific niche markets. Microsoft wasn't able to make Windows tablets a mass-market product then, and they certainly won't now with all this other competition. I have a bad feeling for Microsoft fans, as Mary Jo Foley observes, that Microsoft doesn't understand today's tablet market. Well, here's there chance to show that they do, but they, like everyone else needs to do it fast or it really will be the end for Apple's would be tablet rivals.
​All of the National Security Agency files accessed by former contractor Edward Snowden could be published in the month of July if vaguely worded predictions tweeted this week from the digital library site Cryptome prove to be correct.
A series of micro-messages published by the website — a portal for sharing sensitive documents that predates WikiLeaks by a decade — suggest further Snowden leaks may be on the way.
“During July all Snowden docs released” reads an excerpt from one Cryptome tweet sent on Monday this week. “July is when war begins unless headed off by Snowden full release of crippling intel. After war begins not a chance of release,” reads another tweet sent from Cryptome on Monday this week. “Only way war can be avoided. Warmongerers [sic] are on a rampage. So, yes, citizens holding Snowden docs will do the right thing,” insists another.
July Spy Syzygy: HOPE Anti-Spy July 18-20; Aspen Pro-Spy July 23-26; Cryptome Kick-Spy ends July 27. During July all Snowden docs released. — Cryptome (@Cryptomeorg) June 30, 2014
Repost: July is when war begins unless headed off by Snowden full release of crippling intel. After war begins not a chance of release. — Cryptome (@Cryptomeorg) June 30, 2014
Repost: Only way war can be avoided. Warmongerers are on a rampage. So, yes, citizens holding Snowden docs will do the right thing. — Cryptome (@Cryptomeorg) June 30, 2014
Follow-up tweets from the organization have been equally vague, however, and a report published by a journalist at Vocativ on Tuesday does little to disclose what information, if any, will be published in the coming weeks.
Other dispatches this week from Cryptome direct followers to watch for two upcoming conferences planned for this month: the biannual Hackers On Planet Earth (HOPE) event in New York City starting July 18, and the Aspen Institute's yearly Security Forum the following weekend, which will feature appearances from the likes of former NSA directors Keith Alexander and Michael Hayden.
Daniel Ellsberg, the former United States Department of Defense staffer attributed with leaking the so-called “Pentagon Papers” during the Vietnam War, may have a role in the possible Cryptome release. Ellsberg is scheduled to deliver a keynote address at HOPE, and Cryptome tweeted that those wanting more information on the release of Snowden docs should stay tuned to that event for their speech and another from a yet-to-be-announced special guest.
As the tweets continued through Monday, Vocativ journalist Eric Markowitz approached Cryptome founder John Young for further details. Ahead of that article's publication, however, Cryptome published the email exchange between Young and the reporter, the contents of which provide little more except for vaguely worded predictions that could be deciphered to conclude that Mr. Ellsberg may or may not discuss unpublished Snowden documents at HOPE later this month.
“July is a summitry of anti-spy and pro-spy events, HOPE and Aspen Security Forum. Both sides will be pushing their interests, with dramatic revelations by newsmaking and news breaking speakers,” Young wrote to the reporter. “At Aspen there is a star-studded list of top military and spy officials, defense industry and main stream media parading the need to combat the Snowdens and the WikiLeakers who do not understand the necessity of a luxurious and wasteful natsec and spy warmongering."
Elsewhere in the back-and-forth, Young makes reference to a crowd-funding campaign started by the site last month on Kickstarter that has so far helped the organization raise more than $14,000.
“We, modestly, will conclude our kick-spy Kickstarter campaign in asynchrony with the Bold Names,” Young continued. “To hell with all of the preeners who from all appearances, get togethers, books, public relations and mutual consultation are working together to assure they remain synchronous.”
“July is hot as hell, so a great month to burn through public money ferociously, battling over which voracious information producer can inflame the newsmaking loins of peace and war: in times of both prepare for both, endlessly elbow bending at the perfidy of the PR competitors,” they added. “So, definitely, Snowden documents will be released in July. If the contending parties have their way, all of the documents will be released to kickstart the war on terrorism, in Iraq, in Iran, in North Korea, in the Holy Land, across Africa, Caribbean Drug Sea, the US-Mexican border, and the areas of operations always on alert in DC, Fort Meade and Colorado Springs.”
In the article eventually posted by Vocativ on Tuesday, Markowitz wrote that “Young has also ducked inquiries about how (or from whom) Cryptome received the document,” and “did not respond directly to questions about what the content of those leaked documents would reveal, other than to say that there may exist some ‘technical documents' used ‘to combat techniology [sic] of spying well beyond those promoted for “public debate.”'”
“So again, it's important to take all of this with a grain of salt,” Markowitz wrote.
Army leader's aide tells how they had to beg, steal and borrow kit
Andrew Mackay has resigned - reports said was unhappy about strategy
The shock resignation of the major general who commanded Prince Harry in Afghanistan has highlighted the growing rift between military leaders and the Government over the conduct of the campaign.
Serving officers and MPs reacted with astonishment yesterday to the news that Major General Andrew Mackay has quit after clashing with ministers over the Government's strategy in Afghanistan and resources committed to the front line.
General Mackay, the 52-year-old commander of Army forces in Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland, is the most senior of a string of prominent officers whose frustrations have caused them to resign in recent months.
They led UK forces in Helmand Province for six months in 2007-8, when Prince Harry was among soldiers under their command, and personally oversaw the successful recapture of the Taliban stronghold town of Musa Qaleh.
Major Nick Haston, General Mackay's deputy chief of staff, resigned from the Army earlier this year in protest at bureaucratic incompetence and kit shortages.
They said the General had raised issues over equipment shortages with the Ministry of Defence, and that British troops had to 'beg, borrow and steal' kit to recapture Musa Qaleh in 2007.
They said of their boss: 'There was no secret that they were openly frustrated about some of these issues.
'We were unhappy about some of the basic things, such as vehicles and the procurement process for vehicles. The numbers that we had on equipment lists didn't necessarily match what was in theatre.
'I have many colleagues who are still in the Army who I know are immensely frustrated and their morale is affected.'
One Army officer recently returned from Afghanistan told the Mail: 'When a Major General who's nearing the summit of their career walks away in disgust, something is really badly wrong.
'We are not talking about some grumbling passed-over junior officer. This is a very highly-respected man who has been out there and seen it for himself, and proved themselves as an operational commander.'
General Mackay's resignation has piled fresh embarrassment on the Ministry of Defence, at a time when the coalition's entire approach in Afghanistan is facing intense scrutiny and criticism.
Officially the Ministry attributed General Mackay's sudden resignation, announced to colleagues on Thursday, to 'personal reasons'.
But insiders said they had voiced anger over the Government's strategy - or lack of it - in Afghanistan, frustration over inadequate resources and disillusionment at the apparent inability of other Whitehall departments, such as the Foreign Office and Department for International Development, to work together coherently.
General Mackay has made no secret of their unhappiness at the lack of a joined-up approach to stabilising Afghanistan, and about inadequate resources.
On their arrival in Helmand as a Brigadier in late 2007 they were said to have been shocked to find commanders 'making it up as we go along'. They made it their goal to draw up a template for future commanders, stressing the need to engage fully with civilians and focus on development rather than simply looking for Taliban gunmen and starting fights.
Conservative defence spokesperson Liam Fox said: 'This is yet another indication of the frustration of our military commanders at the lack of clear strategy and adequate resourcing of the war in Afghanistan.
'Increasingly, people feel that Labour cannot be trusted to give our troops everything they need to carry out their mission safely and successfully.'
Liberal Democrat spokesperson Nick Harvey said: 'How many more senior officers will have to go before Brown gets a grip on the situation in Afghanistan?
'Soldiers must have the equipment they need to do the job, and a strategy they can believe in. Right now it seems they have neither.
'If the Government is not prepared to resource our commanders properly, it should not be putting troops on the front line.'
Requires iOS 7
Hermes, the lightweight, cross-platform, open source quick reply solution.
Hermes is the only quick reply tweak that supports Messages, Kik, and WhatsApp. Not only can you quickly reply to text messages, you can also quick reply to Kik and WhatsApp messages as well.
Hermes gives you the power of quick reply to your favorite messaging apps without the unnecessary bulk of other quick reply tweaks. Hermes was built to be as lightweight as possible, meaning it has virtually no impact on battery and is as efficient as possible. Unlike other tweaks, Hermes uses iOS's existing alert system meaning no resources and no battery life is wasted.
Hermes is also open source, meaning anyone and everyone can learn from it and see the code that makes it tick. Hermes's source code available on Github.
See larger Screenshots below..
California police have released harrowing new bodycam footage which shows unarmed teen Dylan Noble being shot dead by officers last month.
Stuart R. Chandler, the attorney representing Noble's family, said the footage makes them 'more certain than ever' that their death was the result of 'an inexcusable use of excessive force'.
But Fresno Police Chief Jerry Dyer hit back, saying what the film actually shows is Noble ignoring at least 30 instructions to show their hands and not to walk forward before the officers opened fire.
Police in Fresno, California, have released bodycam footage which shows the fatal shooting of 19-year-old Dylan Noble at a gas station last month
Lawyers for the family say the footage proves Noble was killed with 'an inexcusable use of excessive force', but cops say it shows they ignored repeated orders to show their hands and lay down
The family of Dylan Noble (pictured) are now suing the city of Fresno for damages over the death of the 19-year-old at a Chevron garage on June 25th
In the footage police can be seen pulling Noble over while they ride in their truck after being called to reports that they had a rifle, already aiming their handguns at them as they pull into a gas station.
After they pull in, the cops can be heard ordering them to put both hands out of the window.
The footage shows at least one of Noble's hands emerging from the side of the vehicle, though it is unclear if they fully comply with the order since the camera is pointed away for a large part of the exchange.
As police move toward the vehicle, Noble goes to climb out but is warned by officers: 'No I didn't tell you to get out.'
The exchange continues as more officers pull up, this time wielding shotguns, and join the standoff with Noble.
Noble eventually gets out of the car, without being ordered to, and begins to pace about on the garage forecourt despite being told: 'Lay your f***ing a** down.'
The footage shows police fired two rounds at Noble, at least one of which struck them in the stomach, and then shot them twice more as they laid on the ground wounded
Cellphone footage of the shooting had emerged previously that showed the moment officers fired at Noble while they were on the floor, but did not capture any of the buildup
Officers said that Noble made a statement about 'hating my life' before they reached for their waistband, causing them to open fire, though the new footage does not clearly show this
They walk around with their left hand raised in the air and though their right hand remains down by their side, it appears to be empty in the footage.
Officers repeatedly tell Noble to lay on the ground, and at one point an officer mentions that they have something in their hand, though there is no evidence of this in the footage.
Nobel then begins walking toward police, who explicitly warn him: 'If you walk forward you're going to get shot, man.'
After taking several steps back Noble again advances on cops, who claim they made a statement about 'hating my life' before they opened fire with two rounds, at least one of which appears to hit them in the stomach.
They fall immediately to the floor, where both of their hands are clearly empty, and begins rolling around, seemingly dazed from the impact.
Noble is then shot twice more, once by a pistol and a second time by the shotgun after police accuse them of reaching for their waistband.
Police say they were called to the scene after receiving reports of a man with a rifle before pulling over Noble's truck at a gas station
Following Noble's death protesters gathered on the scene chanting 'white lives matter' and waving Confederate flags before holding a vigil
Just before the footage ends officers can be heard pleading with him: 'Don't reach or you're going to get shot again, please.'
Noble was eventually taken to hospital where they were treated for four bullet wounds, but later died in surgery, prompting protests from Confederates who waved 'White Lives Matter' banners.
Attorney Chandler said: 'After viewing the police bodycam videos last Friday, and conferring with experts, I am more certain than ever that the shooting death of Dylan Noble was the result of an inexcusable use of excessive force.
'The City of Fresno must be held full accountable to their family - and for that matter to the community - for this tragic loss of life.'
The Fresno police chief, however, insists they were reaching for something in their glove box, not following orders, and concealing their hand behind their waistband.
Noble's family are suing the city of Fresno for damages over the teen's death on June 25.
Last week they gave a press conference in which they said their son was a happy young man with a job and everything to live for.
Darren Noble, Dylan's father said: 'Dylan was a fun loving kid. They loved life. Everybody around them loved him. For anybody saying differently-- they didn't know him'. said Darren Noble, Dylan's father.
'I am outraged that police would shoot my son and say it was their fault and that they were suicidal. To say they were unhappy', said Dylan's mother Veronica Nelson.
The deadly shooting is now under investigation by the FBI, the Fresno County District Attorney's Office and their the Fresno Police Department's Internal Affairs division.
Melanie Stone Everyone is hating on journalism, and I'm tired of it.
Two years ago, I shipped off to college, wide-eyed and ready to write. I had plans: I would master the feature lede. I would abhor the Oxford comma. I would graduate with my journalism degree and run off to The Chicago Tribune where surely, surely I'd be hired to be the next page-two columnist.
And then David Carr called many college journalism programs "escalators to nowhere" in a column for The New York Times.
Ouch.
Carr is not the only naysayer. I've encountered far too many pessimists who laugh when I discuss my classes and dreams, then look at me with condescension: "Melanie, how foolish of you. Why don't you study something useful, like supply chain management?"
Here are three arguments I've heard against a journalism education, and why I think they're nonsense.
"Good luck finding a job after you graduate."
Actually, entry-level journalism jobs are on the rise. CNN Money has the good news: In 2009, 56% of journalism graduates were finding full-time jobs, according to a study from the University of Georgia. In 2011, it was 62%. And most recently, that number was 66%.
We can thank the digital age for that uptick.
It's true that traditional journalism jobs at newspapers and magazines are disappearing, and they're often out of reach for college students and graduates, anyway. But as the role of a beat reporter continues to become a novelty, a different form of journalism is rising from its ashes, bringing jobs to young people: social media reporters, digital editors, bloggers, and community managers.
A quick search on JournalismJobs.com revealed opportunities for college graduates with a bachelor's degree across the country. In New York City, CBS Interactive is looking for an associate editor. In Chicago, a media and tech startup called Aggrego is seeking community news managers. In San Francisco, Rundown needs city editors for its daily email newsletter.
Jobs are out there. So don't worry about me: I'll have a job, and I will kick some serious butt doing it.
"You'll never make money."
CareerCast.com dubbed "newspaper reporter" as the worst job of 2013, describing it as "a job that has lost its luster dramatically over the past five years is expected to plummet even further by 2020." A few months later, Buzzfeed's list of the 22 lowest paying jobs that require a degree ranked "reporter or correspondent" as No. 3, citing a median salary of $36,000.
That's a low number, especially when compared to other jobs. For financial advisors, Indeed.com reported an average salary of $79,000. For mechanical engineers, the number soars to $82,000.
But there's more to a career in journalism than dollars and cents. Journalists see their work as a responsibility, a megaphone to the public, and they follow through with their commitment to inform — often, regardless of pay.
Slate writer Will Oremus responded to CareerCast's study in a blog post, claiming that its "methodology takes into account income, outlook, stress, and danger but ignores intangibles like autonomy, excitement, or fulfillment."
And in any case, things are improving for the media industry. In PayScale's most recent wage index, media and publishing jobs experienced the biggest wage growth over the past 12 months, according to Business Insider. That category grew 3.9%, compared with 2.3% wage growth among people working in information technology.
If we could measure the intangibles, journalism would be the best job of 2013. I think Oremus would agree.
"Silly Melanie. Journalism is dead!"
Woah, woah, woah. Let's hold on for one hot second. Journalism will never die.
At its roots, journalism is about telling stories and passing them on to others. Think of ancient Egyptians and their hieroglyphics — welcome to print reporting circa 3200 BCE.
Of course, storytelling has changed since then. Now, we have social media reporters who sit in front of six computer screens, tweeting the news. And as soon as a story breaks, there's a live blog up and running. Journalism is associated with immediacy. The people want the news, and they want it now.
In a recent blog post about the future of journalism, Arianna Huffington said we are "in something of a golden age of journalism for news consumers."
I couldn't agree more, and I would also venture to say it's the golden age for journalism students.
At DePaul University, one of my classes is about online journalism, taught by an instructor who understands how the field has changed. Twice a week, we study SEO, coding languages, web reporting skills and emerging social media tools. It is a crash course in digital media, and I am fascinated by each topic.
The class reminds me that journalism isn't dead, nor is it dying. For those of us who have chosen this major, we're headed into an industry that is alive and kicking.
So, fellow journalism students, get ready. I'll see you in the real world.
Melanie Stone is a journalism student at DePaul University in Chicago.
Currency in Circulation: Volume
(in billions of notes, as of December 31 of each year)
Year $1 $2 $5 $10 $20 $50 $100 $500 to
$10,000 Total 2017 12.1 1.2 3.0 2.0 9.2 1.7 12.5 0.0004 41.6 2016 11.7 1.2 2.8 1.9 8.9 1.7 11.5 0.0004 39.8 2015 11.4 1.1 2.7 1.9 8.6 1.6 10.8 0.0005 38.1 2014 11.0 1.1 2.6 1.9 8.1 1.5 10.1 0.0005 36.4 2013 10.6 1.0 2.5 1.8 7.7 1.5 9.2 0.0005 34.5 2012 10.3 1.0 2.4 1.8 7.4 1.5 8.6 0.0005 33.0 2011 10.0 0.9 2.4 1.7 7.1 1.4 7.8 0.0005 31.3 2010 9.7 0.9 2.3 1.7 6.5 1.3 7.0 0.0005 29.5 2009 9.6 0.9 2.2 1.6 6.4 1.3 6.6 0.0005 28.5 2008 9.5 0.8 2.2 1.6 6.3 1.3 6.3 0.0005 27.9 2007 9.3 0.8 2.2 1.6 6.1 1.3 5.7 0.0005 26.9 2006 9.0 0.8 2.1 1.6 6.0 1.3 5.6 0.0005 26.4 2005 8.8 0.7 2.1 1.6 5.8 1.2 5.4 0.0005 25.6 2004 8.3 0.7 2.0 1.5 5.4 1.2 5.2 0.0005 24.2 2003 8.2 0.7 1.9 1.5 5.4 1.2 4.9 0.0005 23.8 2002 8.0 0.7 1.9 1.5 5.2 1.2 4.6 0.0005 22.9 2001 7.8 0.6 1.8 1.5 5.0 1.1 4.2 0.0005 22.1 2000 7.7 0.6 1.8 1.5 4.9 1.1 3.8 0.0005 21.3 1999 7.5 0.6 1.8 1.6 5.8 1.3 3.9 0.0005 22.5 1998 7.0 0.6 1.6 1.4 4.5 1.0 3.2 0.0005 19.3 1997 6.7 0.6 1.6 1.4 4.4 1.0 2.9 0.0005 18.6
Includes Federal Reserve notes, U.S. notes, and currency no longer issued.
Congratulations to Team *Buntu on the release of our Artful Aardvark 17.10, featuring all your favourite desktop environments, kubernetes 1.8, the latest OpenStack, and security updates for 9 months, which takes us all the way to our next enterprise release, Ubuntu 18.04 LTS.
A brumous development cycle always makes for cool-headed work and brisk progress on the back of breem debate.
As always, 18.04 LTS will represent the sum of all our interests.
For those of you with bimodal inclinations, there's the official upstream Kubernetes-on-Ubuntu spell for ‘conjure-up kubernetes' with bijou multi-cloud goodness. We also have spells for OpenStack on Ubuntu and Hadoop on Ubuntu, so conjure-up is your one-stop magic shop for at-scale boffo big data, cloud and containers. Working with upstreams to enable fast deployment and operations of their stuff on all the clouds is a beamish way to spend the day.
If your thing is bling, pick a desktop! We've defaulted to GNOME, but we're the space where KDE and GNOME and MATE and many others come together to give users real and easy choice of desktops. And if you're feeling boned by the lack of Unity in open source, you might want to hop onto the channel and join those who are updating Unity7 for the newest X and kernel graphics in 18.04.
And of course, if your thing is actually a thing with internet smarts, then it's Ubuntu Core that will get you flying (or driving or gatewaying or routing or, well, anything your thing desires) in a snap.
It takes a booky brilliance to shine, and we celebrate brilliance in all its forms in our community. Thanks to the artists and the advocates, the brains and the documenters, the councils and yes, the crazies who find entirely new ways to contribute, Ubuntu grows and reflects the depth and breadth of free software. For many upstream projects, Ubuntu represents the way most users will enjoy their contribution to society. That's a big responsibility, and one we take seriously. Leave the bolshy, blithe and branky BS aside, and let's appeal to all that's brave and bonzer as we shape the platform on which others will build.
It's builders that we celebrate – the people that build our upstream applications and packages, the people who build Ubuntu, and the people who build on Ubuntu. In honour of that tireless toil, our mascot this cycle is a mammal known for it's energetic attitude, industrious nature and engineering prowess. We give it a neatly nerdy 21st century twist in honour of the relentless robots running Ubuntu Core. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you 18.04 LTS, the Bionic Beaver.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, October 24th, 2017 at 1:24 pm and is filed under free software, ubuntu. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Biologists often speak of switching genes on and off to give microbes new abilities–like producing biofuels or drugs, or gobbling up environmental toxins. For the most part, though, it's nearly impossible to turn off a gene without deleting it (which means you can't turn it on again). This limits biologists' ability to control how much of a particular protein a microbe produces. It also restricts bioengineers' ability to design new microbes.
Kill switch: From top left to bottom right, these images show bacteria dying over the course of a few minutes. Researchers flip a genetic switch that causes the bacteria to make proteins that cause them to burst.
Now researchers at Boston University, led by biomedical engineering professor James Collins, have developed a highly tunable genetic “switch” that offers a greater degree of control over microbes. It makes it possible to stop the production of a protein and restart it again. The switch, which could be used to control any gene, can also act as a “dimmer switch” to finely tune how much protein a microbe would produce over time.
The researchers made a highly effective microbe “kill switch” to demonstrate the precision of the approach. For years, researchers have been trying to develop these self-destruction mechanisms to allay concerns that genetically engineered microbes might prove impossible to eradicate once they've outlived their usefulness. But previous kill switches haven't offered tight enough control to pass governmental regulatory muster because it was difficult to make it turn on in all the cells in a population at the same time.
The field of synthetic biology involves redesigning networks of genes to enable microbes to perform useful functions efficiently. An example of such a function would be the production of a protein that leads to a desired end product, such as a fuel or a drug. But it's hard for bioengineers to control how a cell will use the gene it's given, and this makes it difficult to control the organisms en masse. A community of cells inside a biofuel reactor, for example, won't behave uniformly, even if the cells are genetically identical clones.
“You're trying to regulate an entire population [of microbes],” says Dan Robinson, senior vice president of biological sciences at Joule Unlimited, a company designing microbes that convert sunlight into fuels. (Joule was not involved with the research, but Collins is a scientific advisor to the company.)
Collins's switch, described online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, turns a modified gene on and off. The switch is created by sequences of DNA that can be added to any gene that a bioengineer wants to regulate. When the cell takes the first step toward expressing that gene–making an intermediate molecule of RNA that can be “read” to make the relevant protein–it also creates the RNA switch. When the first, “off” RNA switch is made, it latches onto the ribosome, preventing it from making a particular protein. When the second, “on” switch is made, it pulls the first RNA switch off of the ribosome and binds to it the switch, freeing the ribosome to resume production.\
Depending on how they're designed, production of the RNA switches can be regulated by exposing the bacteria to a particular chemical. By controlling how much of the “on” and “off” RNAs are made, it's also possible to regulate protein production over a continuum, not just turn it totally on or off.
While other gene-expression techniques need to be engineered for a particular gene, Collins says, the RNA-based switch “can be used to control any gene of interest.” Other switches rely on proteins to regulate gene expression. But the use of proteins requires several steps, which means they're not as fast to make as the RNA switches.
The microbial self-destruction system Collins made to demonstrate the switches uses two genes that, when expressed at the same time, create two proteins that cause the cell to burst. Both genes are set to “off” in all cells by the ribosome-binding RNA component until an external chemical stimulus causes the cells to produce the second piece of RNA, freeing up the ribosome to make the cell-killing proteins.
Such a kill switch could be useful in microbes designed to, for example, break down environmental toxins. Once the microbes have cleaned up a toxin, “you could spray the area with an innocent compound that triggers cells to expire on command,” says Collins. The kill switch could also be coupled to other synthetic biology tools such as genetic clocks in order to design bacteria that live for a given number of days.
These switches make it possible “to do the kinds of things people like me struggle to do,” says Robertson. One of the main challenges for a company like Joule, they say, is complying with regulations about environmental containment of genetically modified organisms, and Collins's switch could help.
Collins is currently working to combine the switches to make what they call tunable “switchboards.” “We want to tune genes like a rheostat,” they say. Such a switchboard might be used to control a population of cells so that they first put their energies toward growing their population. Then, when engineers deem it timely, they can administer chemical signals that cause the cells to gradually ramp up production of a fuel, for example.
While most things we experienced as tots in that headiest of eras seems pretty self-explanatory (plaid was everywhere, Leonardo DiCaprio was the molten ball of light around which the solar system turned, and there was no color too bright for your sweatpants) there are some things that will be a bit harder to explain. Here, a primer for when your future children want to know what the hell you were doing with your boxy, multicolored electronics.
1. Topanga was at some point in human history considered not only a legitimate first name for a human being, but the kind of name that would inspire in malleable teenage boys a life-long infatuation. Topanga, in our day, was leading lady name-material. Topanga (pronounced Tah-payne-ga, for those who will have only ever seen in it written down) is the name of the quintessential girl-next-door who will live, along with Feeney, in our hearts forever.
2. At some point, we carried around little plastic eggs with tiny screens on them — in these screens lived our hearts, our pets, our raison d'etre, our very own Tamagotchi. We loved them, we listened to their tiny electronic screams of malnourishment, and we occasionally forgot to pick up their poop for long enough that they died a tortured, poop-filled death. They were perhaps our first foray into the life-consuming world of electronics and self-absorption, later to be fully manifested by Facebook.
3. The black Power Ranger was black and the yellow Power Ranger was Asian because…we were so completely ahead of our time and beyond the capacity to even think in terms of something as inconsequential as race that… uh… I don't know. Casting directors were racist in the nineties.
4. Long before they were spending their days foisting their mediocre children on us, Will Smith was actually the perfect human specimen. They also undoubtedly holds some world record for saving the world the most times while simultaneously delivering flawless catchphrases and giving cool guy nods to the camera. The Men In Black rap song, at the time, was created and received by the public without the slightest trace of irony. Really. They were that good.
5. In some inevitable shift of the time-space continuum in which James Cameron continues to rob humanity of all that is good and sacred in this world, Fern Gully will be known as that movie that ripped off Avatar. It will be up to us to crusade for what is right. It is up to us to explain that Fern Gully was not only a predecessor to Avatar, but far better, in that it contained both Tim Curry as a singing pile of molasses and Robin Williams rapping about animal testing in the pharmaceutical industry. (As a side note, if you have not recently listened to the full lyrics of the “Batty Rap,” I recommend you do, as they are horrifying.)
6. A neighborhood boy who completely disregards your family and puts a ladder directly under the teenage girl's window to climb up at their discretion is not only acceptable, it's charming. It's the kind of stuff that would make said family take the ladder boy under their wing and into their heart. The nineties were a simpler time, one where we didn't have to worry about things like breaking and entering. Clarissa today would have steel bars on the inside of their window and their father would continually remind them that the next-door boy with their ladder and their touchy hands have no place in their household.
7. Though on the surface, they are the exact same thing in every conceivable way, whether you liked The Backstreet Boys or N*SYNC said more about your character than all of the terrible macaroni art you could ever make for your child psychologist. Essentially, liking *NSYNC meant you liked Justin Timberlake, as they were clearly the Seabiscuit in that race from the get-go. You even liked them with their terrible, icy-blond mini-fro. Liking the Backstreet Boys gave you a bit more of a cultured palate, as there was no clear Diana in those Supremes. Nick was kind of the wholesome, if northern-Florida-redneck safe choice (save for their humiliating younger brother, Aaron). Brian was the shy, sensitive type. AJ was the hottt, dangerous meth addict. Kevin Richardson was mute with sexy, sculpted facial hair. No one liked Howie. Choosing between the two groups was like choosing between two beloved children, but once that line was crossed–there was no going back.
8. “I wanna really really really wanna zig a zig ahh,” has a meaning, and all true nineties kids know it, but we must never share it. Like the Illuminati, it must remain between us, the keyholders. With great power comes great responsibility.
9. Lisa Frank is not the name of a woman, it is the name of a movement, a culture, a way of living. It is a theory, a concept, a belief in something greater than yourself. It is the belief that all girls are entitled to dolphins covered with rainbows, jewel-encrusted frogs, and unicorns in acid-trip colors hugging each other. It is the ideology that no notebook is complete until it literally hurts your eyes to look at from so much color saturation. It is the hope that no school supply, no matter how insignificant, will be left un-bedazzled. It is the knowledge that your eraser cap, and that of your granddaughter's, and their granddaughter's after her, will not be some boring little nub–it will be a diamond covered with butterflies in a rainbow of colors. It is the dream of a better tomorrow.
10. Incredibly depressing women in Indiana covered in cats and glass figurines they buy at The Hallmark Store used to troll the web 1.0 to invest thousands of dollars in tiny stuffed animals filled with plastic beans. That happened. Beanie Babies were not just significant, they were the first example most of us had of envy, greed, and wrath. If someone messed up that little heart-shaped Ty tag, so help you God, that was the end of whatever contact you had with that monster of a human being. That tag-less Beanie Baby was now trash, and you had to deal with the consequence. It was at that moment, that de-valued Beanie Baby moment, that most of us accepted the truth… we'll never have nice things.
You've seen the pictures. Dust exploding as thousands of wildebeest thunder across the plains. Crocodiles lurking in the rivers. Lions along the banks stalking a moveable feast. The great migration – the annual 2,800km circuit of millions of wildebeest and zebra traversing Tanzania's Serengeti National Park and Kenya's Masai Mara – is one of the world's more spectacular shows, especially in autumn, when the herds make their dramatic crossing of the Mara River in the Serengeti's north. But like all hot tickets, the autumn migration can come with its share of hassles, including sky-high prices and traffic jams as safari vehicles jostle for space near the best sightings.
But from January through March – the Serengeti's green season – approximately 1.5 million wildebeest graze along the vast plains of Tanzania's southern Serengeti, feeding on the grasses that spring from late autumn's rains and giving birth to their young. This allows travellers a chance to get a sneak peek of the migration down south before indulging in the crowd-free wildlife show of the north. So I set off in early February to check out the Serengeti's lesser known green season.
Our tiny plane touched down in the dirt of the Ndutu airstrip in the Serengeti's south, a staging zone for the mobile safari outfitters that follow the great migration. These moveable camps spend the winter months in this area before following the herds up to the western Serengeti by spring and then onto the north during the late summer and early autumn (the most popular time to see the migration as it thunders across the dramatic river crossings.
As our Land Cruiser sped off down toward the nine-tent Olakira Camp, the sheer scale of the landscape unfolded, the spiny flat-tops of the acacia trees dotting undulating fields of grass and gentle hills rolling out to wide open vistas of scruffy brush. In the Maasai language, Serengeti means “extended place” or “endless plains”. You almost need a backdrop of such excess to wrap your head around the incredible amount of wildlife here. A pride of ostriches sped past a herd of wildebeest tending to their newborns. An aptly named dazzle of zebra massed its graphic stripes into a psychedelic backdrop for mongooses moving as one organism, scurrying and popping up, scurrying and popping up again.
As the sun set, Maasai guards lit a path from our tent to a campfire surrounded by flickering lanterns. Wisps of pink clouds obscured a pearlescent moon as guests lingered over dinner, swapping stories of the day's adventures – a lion took down a pregnant wildebeest, a baby leopard was spotted in the fork of a tree. Then we were escorted back to the tents, hot water bottles already warming the soft, king-sized sheets (with hot showers, flush toilets and colonial-inspired furniture, you are far from roughing it here).
From my cosy cocoon, I heard the call and response of birds zipping electrically through the night air, the staccato rhythm of galloping hooves, the whoop of hyenas stalking fresh meat. A light rain pattered on the canvas roof, crescendoing to a dramatic downpour that eventually lulled me to sleep. It also left a present for the morning: a perfect rainbow arched over a saturated sunrise of peach and crimson.
Staying so close to nature (as opposed to being tucked away in a traditional lodge) lulls you into the rhythms of the bush, awakening with the sun, greeting the animals' morning activity on a game drive, napping when the sun burns too bright. It also means expecting the unexpected, like, perhaps, a terrifying guttural roar directly outside your tent, a lion so close you can hear their soft feet padding the dust just beyond the canvas.
Though we didn't see as many wildebeest herds as we would have liked (the migration is unpredictable and we missed much of the main movement), there was no lack of game. Cresting a hill, we saw six giraffe lopes across an emerald basin. We stalked a cheetah hunting to feed its young. As the sun hung heavy in the sky, we descended into a valley to find four napping lionesses guarded by two fierce males, their wild manes glowing orange, then amber as the sun set.
After three days of game drives, we were ready to make our own migration north, boarding a prop plane to Lamai in the northern Serengeti. Since the migration will not make its way up here until autumn, it was blissfully empty of other travellers. There are just 54 permanent beds here compared with more than 9,000 in a similarly sized area of Kenya's Maasai Mara. And though most of the wildebeest have yet to arrive, other animals crowd the plains.
Not five minutes after landing we were on the banks of the Mara River, flanked by 6m-long crocodiles and hundreds of hippos wallowing in the shallows. Then we crested a hill, plunging into a sea of oat grass as high as our 4x4. In the distance, a straggling herd of wildebeest arced up and back into the grass like dolphins leaping from the water. Another corner, another 10 minutes and it was zebra among buffalo among ostriches among giraffes, with lilac breasted rollers soaring overhead.
The 12-room Nomad Tanzania's Lamai Serengeti has a front-row seat to the show. Set atop Kogakuria Kopje, a boulder-strewn hill, the plains unfold dramatically below. From the whitewashed villas you can survey elephants crossing the plain. Swahili day beds piled with hand-woven pillows and draped with romantic netting front wooden balconies, all with similarly cinematic views.
In the south (and in most of Tanzania's game reserves), water is scarce so predators lurk at the watering holes, ready to pick off thirsty antelope, zebra and wildebeest. The prevalence of water in the north, however, spreads out the game: you will often find big cats perched dramatically atop red rock outcrops, the better to spot prey. After days tracking herds of elephants across rivers, seeing two leopards hunt in the tall grasses and spotting two endangered white rhinos – I felt sated, lucky, spoiled by this natural bounty. As the sky darkened and storm clouds gathered on the horizon, our jeep turned towards home. Suddenly a flash of fur, a low growl, and a leopard sprung across our path, leaping atop a hulking solitary boulder. It crouched there, a tightly wound spring scanning the horizon for prey, all lean muscle, tense sinews against the roiling clouds. I could barely breathe as its head jutted forward, teeth bared, eyes trained on some far off movement. Then as fast as it started, it was over; the antelope got away and the cat flopped down to rest. It was time to head home.
Shipping Out
For decades, aircraft carriers have been the tool-of-choice for crisis response. Policymakers in Washington and four-star commanders in the field invariably have turned to carriers when they needed to signal U.S. intentions, quickly reinforce military power, or provide decision-makers with options during a predicament. The Navy has responded to the enduring demands of these customers by making the aircraft carrier strike group the prime organizing feature of the Navy's surface and aviation forces, thereby drawing the biggest share of the service's manpower, budget, support, and training resources. And until recently, the Air Force seemed happy to cede this crisis-response role, because then it could focus on its own priorities.
However, new and disruptive weapons and technologies will soon upset long-standing assumptions and cozy inter-service arrangements. In particular, the spread of long-range anti-ship missiles threatens the ability of aircraft carriers to perform their traditional missions. What's more, these disruptions are occurring at the moment when U.S. policymakers are under pressure to find cheaper ways of performing essential military missions. And the Air Force could develop the technology and the long-range platforms to carry out many of the carrier's missions at less cost. All these factors could force planners to rethink air power from first principles, leading to stormy times for aircraft carriers and inter-service harmony.
The aircraft carrier's combat debut in the Pacific theater in 1941 instantly made the battleship obsolete. Aircraft carriers delivered more firepower, over longer ranges, with more speed and flexibility, over a wider variety of targets at sea and ashore. After World War II, the power of U.S. aircraft carriers forced adversaries to focus their naval spending on submarines rather than major surface ships, a trend still visible today. Without enemy surface ships to sink, the Navy's carrier pilots focused on projecting air power ashore, which they did against North Korea, Vietnam, Iraq (twice), and Afghanistan.
Over the past half-century, the Navy's carriers also became well-suited to crisis response. Carrier strike groups could typically arrive at trouble spots within days and without the need for tedious negotiations with host countries over permissions and basing rights. The Air Force was fine with this arrangement because, although its tactical fighter wings could theoretically perform a similar role, the service's doctrine called for large, well-established, and well-supplied bases from which it could reliably generate a high sortie rate. Such ponderous guidance could not deal well with fleeting contingencies, many of which occurred in austere locations.
But the proliferation of cheap but deadly long-range anti-ship missiles promises to upset these assumptions and arrangements. For example, China is putting anti-ship missiles on submarines, patrol boats, surface ships, aircraft, and trucks, giving it the ability to dominate its nearby seas. For the price of a single major warship, China can buy hundreds or even thousands of anti-ship missiles. And as it perfects its own reconnaissance drones, China will be able to thoroughly patrol neighborhood waters, identifying targets for these missiles.
The Navy's aircraft carriers will come under pressure to retreat from this missile zone. However, there is a limit to how far they can retreat while still remaining in the game. As large as U.S. aircraft carriers are, they can only launch relatively small short-range fighter-bomber aircraft. For example, the F-35C, the carrier version of the Joint Strike Fighter, has a combat radius of just 615 miles. Mid-air refueling can extend this range. But refueling is not possible in hostile airspace, and even with it, small fighters are constrained by the physiological limits of their single pilot.
The Air Force's long-range bombers, by contrast, with two pilots and room inside to stretch, have routinely flown intercontinental missions lasting over 30 hours. Recently, an Air Force B-1 bomber wing continuously maintained at least one of its big bombers over Afghanistan during a six-month deployment to a base in southwest Asia. While on station over Afghanistan, the B-1s responded to over 500 requests for close air support from troops in fire fights.
Ironically, just as the value and utility of its long-range bomber forces was increasing, the Air Force has spent the past decade focused on its F-22 and F-35 fighters, which, like the Navy's carrier aircraft, have to operate from vulnerable close-in bases and whose combat ranges are too short for the Asia-Pacific theater's vast expanses. But, after much bureaucratic resistance and delay, the Air Force is finally moving ahead with a new stealthy long-range bomber to supplement and eventually replace the legacy fleet that has withered over the past decade.
The arrival of the new bomber, when combined with the anti-ship missile threat and budget austerity, could force Pentagon planners to reassess the nature of air support, especially during crisis response in missile-contested war zones. That would be unhappy news to Navy and Air Force officials who have become comfortable with long-existing arrangements. If the missile threat in the western Pacific or the around the Persian Gulf becomes too great, policymakers and planners may conclude that too much prestige may be at risk with the deployment of a carrier strike group in response to a crisis. Diplomatic or tactical objections may similarly rule out an Air Force fighter deployment. That would leave long-range bombers as the only usable crisis-response tool and raise questions about the investments in more aircraft carriers and short-range fighters.
But beyond crisis response, Air Force bombers could redefine close air support as well. Until recently, supporting infantrymen in battle was assumed to be the job of small fighters. With precision-guided bombs, that is no longer true — during their deployment in southwest Asia, the B-1s dropped bombs just 300 meters from friendly forces. By providing a continuous presence, troops on patrol always had air power overhead — and very likely at a cheaper price than the cost of building, stocking, operating, and protecting air bases for fighters inside the combat zone.
There is another alternative. In a recent article in Proceedings, defense analyst Daniel Goure articulated a vision of aircraft carriers equipped with unmanned reconnaissance-strike drones, which, with mid-air refueling, could fly far longer and farther than jets with a human crew. Assuming the Navy could work out the considerable threats to their communications links (a problem the Air Force must also solve), drones could keep aircraft carriers in the fight even if they had been pushed back by anti-ship missiles. The Navy's carrier drone program is very active and well ahead of the Air Force's new bomber program. But even that success could backfire for carriers. If the Navy can perfect long-range drone missions, why not intercontinental drone missions? And if that's the case, a land base would work just fine. All of which could set up a new round of inter-service brawling inside the Pentagon.
CNN senior reporter Dylan Byers sent an ill-advised tweet Tuesday night, and left-wing Twitter users ate them alive for it.
Byers wrote:
Beyond the pain/humiliation women have endured (which is of course the paramount issue), it's worth taking stock of the incredible drain of talent from media/entertainment taking place right now. Never has so much talent left the industry all at once. — Dylan Byers (@DylanByers) November 22, 2017
The archive link for the tweet is here.
Twitter users, many of them liberals, were not happy with what Byers had said. Even a fellow CNN colleague joined in the criticism:
I think we can find some suitable replacements — Abigail Brooks (@_abigailbrooks) November 22, 2017
Yeah geez what on Earth will we do without the sociopathy of the Kevin Spaceys and Harvey Weinsteins of the world, won't someone think of Bret Ratner's CONTRIBUTIONS — Nandini (@nandelabra) November 22, 2017
“sure Manson was a murderer, but what about their talent as a leader. it's worth taking stock of what we've lost.” — Richard Lawler (@rjcc) November 22, 2017
Dude delete this — Marlow Stern (@MarlowNYC) November 22, 2017
You absolute muppet — jo livingstone (@Jo_Livingstone) November 22, 2017
Dylan. — Mike Madden (@MikeMadden) November 22, 2017
this is what a sexist asshole tweets. go fuck yourself. let's fill the “void of talent” with that of the incredible women actors who have been pushed down for far too long. — jon van dine (@jonvandine) November 22, 2017
This tweet is the most embarrassing thing I've seen this week, and I saw a dog wearing a full rain suit today. — Andi Zeisler (@andizeisler) November 22, 2017
Dafuq. actually had to read this twice to believe it. How bout ALL the women who were forced out of the business by continued harassment. — Liz Garbus (@lizgarbus) November 22, 2017
Byers' tweet seems to have united blue-check mark liberal journalists against them on this one. (RELATED: Clinton Advisor Calls CNN Media Reporter Dylan Byers A ‘F**king A**Hole')
Byers later followed up, quoting their original tweet and adding, “The criticism of this tweet is totally fair. I did not mean to defend these people or bemoan their departures. I just wanted to comment on the ramifications of the departures of these influential people — but I know that the ramifications of what they did are far far greater.” (RELATED: EXCLUSIVE: Dylan Byers Mum On Rumors They Pee Sitting Down)
Follow Justin on Twitter
The iconic 30-foot high martini glass that has shined from a home in Portland's West Hills for nearly 40 years has returned better than ever after a three-year hiatus.
Architect Aaron Hall, who bought and fully reconstructed the home from the foundation up, added a final touch Friday: a new, 30-foot-high, 30-foot-wide martini glass complete with a green olive with a red center.
They plan to keep their creation lit night and day until about Jan. 6, they said. It is lit with ultra-low-wattage LED lights so it uses just a fraction of the energy the old glass did.
A longtime Portland resident, Hall knows how much the martini glass mattered to local residents and they vowed when they bought the home to continue the cherished holiday tradition.
But, as with the house, they updated the styles and materials to today's technology and aesthetic. They not only switched it to LED, they also upgraded the glass's design, creating a deeper and wider bowl to better match the proportion of the stem. It looks sleeker and more professional than its predecessor. And it is anchored more solidly to the home's three decks, along the entire back rather than at one corner.
The true story behind Portland's holiday martini
Read
into the history and meaning of the iconic 32-foot-tall lighted cocktail
The three-story-high drink glass first was created and hung in the mid-1970s by a high school guy and their buddies to replicate a smaller display they'd seen in their neighborhood. It was rickety enough to need several redos and repairs.
It became a family tradition for one-time car dealer Merritt "Bud" Meadows and their son Monty to erect the gigantic cocktail glass each year.
Hall bought the home in 2013 and began a full tear-down of the 1960s-era home, which they have painstakingly replaced with a larger, sleeker and more modern house.
As normally happens with a big remodeling job, it took a lot longer than expected.
But it's now 99.99 percent done, Hall said. The martini glass will get its first big up-close unveiling when Hall and their husband, Gary Giroir, host a holiday party Friday for Giroir's co-workers from Providence Milwaukie Medical Center, where Giroir is a nurse.
They plan to serve a variety of festive alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. But yes, martinis will be served.
-- Betsy Hammond
AS I've recently reported, British Airways is hoping to reduce its fuel bill in the years ahead by gradually replacing its ageing Boeing 747s with Airbus A380s. GoAir, in India, is taking a slightly different approach: it is going to stop hiring men as flight attendants.
The eight-year-old budget airline reckons that a less weighty work force will in future allow it to save 30m rupees ($500,000) a year from its fuel bill. Each kilo of weight costs 3 rupees per flying hour, apparently. The Times of India report that the airline has around 130 male flight attendants at present—and they will not lose their jobs. But as GoAir plans to increase its fleet by 80 planes over the next seven years, it will need to hire around 2,000 more cabin crew and pilots. And the cabin crew will be women. To be fair to GoAir, it has a few other fuel-saving ideas, such as sharklets on its new planes' wing tips and smaller in-flight magazines. But, zanily enough, it's the women-only employment policy for new flight attendants that is attracting all the attention.
A Muslim born in London explains exactly why they considered bombing the city in an interview with The Clarion Project.
“It's because of the way I was brought up,” former extremist Sohail Ahmed said, explaining why they hated their city. “I was brought up believing that the West is at war with Islam, and because the West is at war with Islam, the West is therefore a legitimate target for attacks.”
“Growing up in London I was taught that I was living in enemy territory,” they added. “That everyone surrounding me was the enemy. That they were out to get me.”
WATCH:
After 9/11 they say they bought into conspiracy theories that the U.S. carried out the attack for an excuse to invade Muslim countries, and they saw the Afghanistan and Iraq wars through that lens.
“I believed them, because it fitted with what I believed in, with what I had been taught,” they said, adding: “I understood [the wars] in a way that explained that actually, the reason why they were attacking these Muslim countries was simply because they were Muslim, because they wanted to kill Muslim people.”
A closeted gay man, Ahmed eventually began questioning Islam and abandoned their violent plans.
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Send tips to rachel@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Doctor Who Risk actually exists, and you buy it here, thanks to Forbidden Planet! I love Doctor Who, and Risk is the only board game I've really ever enjoyed playing, so the fact that they've been combined is pretty epic! The Doctor Who is a universe fits the game of Risk perfectly, and this is a must-own for any fan! Here's a description from the site:
Earth. Early 20th century. The planet has faced many invasions in the past, but never has humankind faced an assault like this, as multiple Dalek armies descend from the skies, seeking to destroy one another and conquer the world.
Many years ago, an ancient artefact was hidden somewhere on the planet, an artefact that will enable the Daleks to reign supreme across the universe, defeating any who stand in their way. Such an object is so valuable that even the Daleks cannot agree how best to wield it, and have split into renegade armies, each as cunning and determined as the next.
Play as one of 5 different armies, either classic (Black, Bronze & Silver) or New Dalek Paradigm (Red & Yellow)as you invade Earth seeking the ancient weapon. Only once all opposition has been wiped out can you begin the search - will you be the last Dalek army left? Watch out for the TARDIS sweeping round the board to defend Earth!
As you fight for supremacy, the Doctor will do their best to stop you, bringing peace to a different territory each turn, and if your army is not victorious by their eleventh regeneration, then the battle is over and all Daleks must retreat as the Oncoming Storm saves the Earth.
With special power cards to boost your forces or destroy your plans, and special missions to defeat other invading forces, this game of Risk is an epic battle for control of the Earth...and the universe.
White House briefing signals escalating war preparations against North Korea
By Mike Head
27 April 2017
The unprecedented bussing of the entire Senate to the White House to be briefed by military and intelligence officials on possible military action against North Korea was one of a number of events yesterday pointing to planning for a potentially catastrophic war.
As the WSWS noted in yesterday's Perspective, the Trump administration's summoning of the senators was not an exercise in congressional oversight but the opposite: the political representatives of the ruling class received their marching orders, and talking points, from the military brass.
Speaking to journalists after the meeting, participants denied that any specific military line of attack was discussed. By every indication, however, the executive and its military-intelligence officials informed the senators they would be told after the event, if and when the administration launched a military assault.
There were no reports of any protest against being summoned by the White House in this manner, let alone any boycott of the gathering. Rather, the response was one of bipartisan backing for the escalating war planning, laced with calls for tougher action against China, supposedly to pressure Beijing to compel Pyongyang to abandon its missile and nuclear programs.
As scheduled, the Senate was briefed at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building next to the White House by Defense Secretary James Mattis, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence reportedly greeted the senators on arrival and then left.
Before the meeting, Mattis, Coats and Tillerson issued a joint statement that pronounced Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons “an urgent national security threat and top foreign policy priority.” They declared: “Past efforts have failed to halt North Korea's unlawful weapons programs and nuclear and ballistic missile tests.”
The statement claimed Trump's approach aimed to pursue “diplomatic measures” with allies and partners to “convince the regime to de-escalate,” but concluded on a threatening note: “However, we remain prepared to defend ourselves and our allies.”
Various comments by senators after the briefing ranged from support for US military action against North Korea to pushing for a harder stance against China. There was no dissent from the incessant propaganda aimed at whipping up fears of a future North Korean nuclear attack.
Senator Ted Cruz told Fox News: “It is of course the hope that military action does not prove necessary, but if there is a clear and imminent threat to the United States, our military needs to be prepared to act.” John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said one should not rule out a preemptive strike.
One unnamed Republican senator complained they were given “very few details about what has changed.” They said the basic gist of the briefing was: “We've reached a point where things are getting pretty dire and getting to the point where we've got to get more aggressive.”
Some senators, notably Democrats, called for harsher sanctions against China. Democratic Senator Ed Markey said they had not seen evidence that China was doing enough. Chris Coons, a Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, exemplified the underlying bipartisanship. They said Trump was developing a “diplomatic strategy that strikes me as clear-eyed and well proportioned to the threat.”
Earlier in the day, US Pacific Command chief Admiral Harry Harris, who would lead any attack on the Korean Peninsula, gave an indication of the Pentagon's message. Testifying before the House Armed Services Committee, they asserted that denuclearisation by North Korea—the goal outlined publicly by the White House—is no longer a realistic option.
Harris said they had no confidence that North Korea would refrain from “something precipitous” should it succeed in miniaturising a nuclear weapon to mount on a ballistic missile. They said the US had “a lot of preemptive options,” but declined to provide specifics.
The admiral advocated greater shows of military force, including overflying the Korean Peninsula with nuclear-capable B-1 and B-52 bombers. This would be on top of the current visits and exercises by two US destroyers, the guided-missile submarine USS Michigan and the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike.
Harris acknowledged that possible reprisals stemming from a strike against North Korea would place at risk the lives of millions of Koreans and Japanese, as well as the 28,500 US troops in South Korea. But they argued this danger was outweighed by the prospect of “a lot more Koreans and Japanese and Americans dying if North Korea achieves its nuclear aims.”
In another indication of war planning, Harris urged Congress to add ballistic-missile interceptors to installations in Alaska and California, and to “study” placing interceptors in Hawaii while immediately bolstering defensive radars there.
Harris took aim at China, saying it had substantial leverage against North Korea. They labeled as “preposterous” China's alleged pressure on South Korean companies to stall the placement of a US Terminal High-Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-ballistic missile battery in South Korea.
The US claims the THAAD facility is a purely defensive weapon to intercept incoming missiles. In reality, its radar capacity is designed to probe deep into China and the system's underlying purpose is to block any attempt by North Korea or China to respond to a US first-strike nuclear attack.
Defying protests by China, as well as hundreds of local residents, US personnel yesterday began to install the THAAD equipment at a former golf course in Seongju. It was an earlier-than-expected move, effectively preempting South Korea's presidential election on May 9.
Television footage showed military trailers carrying large units, including what appeared to be launch canisters, on to the site. Protesters hurled water bottles at the vehicles, despite the efforts of thousands of police to block them.
Baek-Gwang-soon, 73, who has lived in Seongju all their life, told the Guardian they were “speechless with anger.” They explained: “This is a quiet place, where we welcome outsiders with open arms. Now it's being ruined by the arrival of American weapons that have turned us into a North Korean target.”
The THAAD deployment provoked further alarm bells in Beijing. Yesterday's editorial in the state-run Global Times declared: “It is infuriating that the US and South Korea have stabbed China in the back at a critical time when China and the US are cooperating to prevent North Korea from carrying out a new nuclear or missile test.”
At the same time an Op-Ed in the People's Daily, the official organ of the ruling Chinese Communist Party, continued to plead for accommodation with Washington. Citing this month's meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, the commentary held out the hope that such “high-level dialogues” should “help dispel the old idea that the two sides are destined for war.”
In reality, yesterday's developments demonstrate an escalating confrontation, driven by Washington's determination to assert unchallenged hegemony over the Asia-Pacific region, at China's expense.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
news TTC Back as Partner on Metrolinx LRT Lines, but in a Junior Role
Yesterday's "good news" announcements hardly provides long-term comfort.
Less than two weeks ago, Metrolinx announced that the TTC would have no role in operating or maintaining the four new light rail lines—Eglinton-Crosstown, Finch West, Sheppard East, and the revamped Scarborough RT—city council recently, and in defiance of Mayor Rob Ford, revived. Instead, the entire project would be tendered to the private sector. Bob Chiarelli, minister of transportation, dissed the TTC, saying, “There have been TTC projects that have been long overdue and sometimes much over budget.” On the new lines, in effect, the TTC's job would be reduced to opening the doors at connecting stations.
Yesterday, Metrolinx and the TTC announced that the TTC will operate the new lines after all. A joint press conference with Chiarelli, Metrolinx CEO Bruce McCuaig, and TTC Chair Karen Stintz overflowed with talk of partnership, sharing, and new milestones for their respective agencies. Smiles all around.
What actually happened here?
The family spat between Metrolinx and the TTC appears to be over for now, but “partnership” is hardly the word to describe the result. The transit projects remain firmly in Metrolinx's hands, with the TTC taking a junior position like a boy who gets to play with daddy's train set.
The original “DBFOM” arrangement (design, build, finance, operate, and maintain) would have given almost cradle-to-grave responsibility for the lines to a private consortium for almost every aspect of the LRT projects. The TTC had actually endorsed this scheme in a letter to Metrolinx. Why? They did not want to operate something without control over construction and maintenance standards, especially for safety-critical systems. This concern has evaporated with an agreement that the TTC will contribute to the specifications.
The new deal picks one letter out of the acronym, giving “O” for operations to the TTC, but leaving everything else in private hands. TTC staff will drive the cars, manage the lines and stations, and control access to the system. However, they will not maintain vehicles, structures, and systems—a large component of what transit companies traditionally call “operations.”
Regarding the “F” in that list, accounting rules dictated by the provincial auditor require that Metrolinx retain “demonstrated control” of assets carried on provincial books. This magic lets Ontario hide some provincial debt, and gives cover for a takeover of Toronto's transit projects. Most of the cost will be paid by the Ontario government, with about one-eighth coming from the private sector. In short, private sector involvement notwithstanding, most of the financing remains on the public books, and the assets remain in public hands.
Anything to do with building, maintaining, and eventually refurbishing those assets must be done by Metrolinx or its agent, a private contractor. Chiarelli skipped any mention of the TTC acting in this role.
TTC CEO Andy Byford described the announcement as “really good news” for the TTC, saying that the projects would combine provincial money and procurement expertise with the TTC's operational skills to produce a “world-class system.”
One might ask why Toronto must wait so long to achieve what boosters once claimed as the city's natural state, and why such world-class excellence does not pervade the TTC today.
Transit riders will wind up with a “seamless” trip paid for with a single fare, according to Chiarelli. How the operating costs and subsidies might be arranged between the municipality and the province remains for future talks—and the target for an agreement on this is conveniently far off in the future: two years before opening day. Few of those speaking at the press conference will still be around to garner praise or blame when that time comes.
When the province cut out the TTC two weeks ago, Karen Stintz declared that no subsidies would flow from the City of Toronto to Metrolinx to pay for a line that the TTC did not operate. That condition is no longer an issue, but a question remains about what incremental costs Toronto and its transit riders will bear as a result of the new light rail lines. Stintz mentioned that there will be some avoided costs for Toronto—LRT will replace bus lines and the aging Scarborough LRT—and by implication, some money will be available to pay for the new service.
Any new major transit facilities will push up net TTC costs regardless of who builds and operates them. Toronto already saw this with the Sheppard subway, and the TTC expects the Spadina subway extension to lose money from the day it opens. Greater operating subsidies, higher fares, or service cuts must compensate for the higher cost of more frequent, faster trains and dedicated infrastructure. Whether a private operator looking to minimize costs and maximize profits will provide cheaper maintenance than the TTC is anyone's guess, and it will be a decade before there are any comparative data.
Two studies-in-progress look at possible sources of revenue to finance transit expansion and operations. The City of Toronto has just published an overview of transit funding options [PDF] and plans to take this on the road to Torontonians in a public consultation process. Metrolinx has its own forthcoming investment strategy, a study of how to pay for the provincial “Big Move” plan (a substantial portion of which is made up by Toronto transit projects), due out by June 2013.
McCuaig observed that the public is “in some cases ahead of us” on the funding question, while Chiarelli cooled expectations on that front saying that once published, the Metrolinx proposals would have to be weighed against public input. Political courage about any new funding (read: taxes) will be limited by the delicate condition of the Liberal minority at Queen's Park, who may not even be in power by the time Metrolinx's investment strategy hits the streets.
In coming months, Toronto City staff will have the thankless job of conducting a consultation about transit funding and planning while the mayor and their supporters are adamantly opposed to any new taxes. (Rob Ford rejected the revenue tools listed in the City report just yesterday morning.) A coordinated push to build support for better transit funding can't even get out the door at City Hall.
With the TTC operating the new LRT lines and a separate maintenance company working for Metrolinx, there will be pressures to shift expenses between the municipal and provincial partners. Chiarelli emphasized that interest on the capital debt, itself an “operating cost” on provincial books, would be carried by Queen's Park, omitting to mention that such interest has never been treated as a transit contribution in the past. With this attitude, Toronto should not hold much hope for better operating subsidies.
Politically, a fight between Queen's Park and Toronto is in nobody's interest, especially with the provincial reputation for sound project management under daily attack. Better to find some common ground, to get on with actually building transit infrastructure, and, in the distant future, operating new services.
This announcement gets past the most recent transit crisis, but more are sure to come as municipal and provincial agencies and politicians wrestle over the details in these multi-billion dollar projects.
This is a tool to construct decks for the Epic card game.
The panel on the right includes every card available, with icons for the color, cost and type (champion or event). You can filter the list using the icons at the top, or search by entering text into the field.
This panel displays the deck you're working on. Add and remove cards by dragging them or double-clicking on on the left side. You can toggle the number of copies by clicking on the . You can change the deck name in the field at the top, clear the deck with the or switch between decks with the icons. Decks will be automatically saved locally, so don't clear your cookies.
The graphs on the left show useful metrics and analytics about your deck. Hover over a number or a segment of the graph to see what it represents, or click the for a description of that metric.
The link below those graphs lets you preview opening hands by instantly shuffling and drawing cards from your deck. You can also mulligan and draw additional cards.
Epic Deck Forge was created by Dave Berzack to help players build and tweak decks in the full constructed format. I hope you enjoy using it. If you have any ideas for improvement or a new metric you'd like to suggest, message me at dave@epicdeckforge.com
When Muhammad Ali famously said, “Man, I ain't got no quarrel with them Vietcong…they never called me nigger,” they aren't just refusing to serve in Vietnam. They were also challenging the ability of the state to define for its citizens whom they should fear and who were their enemies. As Ali said to a group of white college students, who had challenged their position on serving in Vietnam, “You my enemy. My enemy is the white people, not Viet Congs or Chinese or Japanese.”
From the time of Hobbes, one of the leading attributes of sovereignty has been the right of the state to define what threatens a people and how that threat will be responded to. In the state of nature, Hobbes wrote in Elements of the Law, “every man…is judged themselves of the necessity of the means, and of the greatness of the danger” they face. But once we submit to the state, we are forbidden “to be our own judges” of the threats we are facing and how to respond to them. Except in cases of immediate physical threat to ourselves, we must now accede to the sovereign's assessment of and decision about these threats. The sovereign, as Hobbes says in Leviathan of the state's control over matters theological, is they “to whom in all doubtfull cases, wee have submitted our private judgments.”
This is why Ali's challenge to the Vietnam War was so formidable. They aren't merely claiming conscientious objector status, though they are. They aren't simply claiming the authority of a higher being, though they are. They were asserting the right of the citizen to be the final judge of what threatens or endangers him. In asserting that right, Ali was posing the deepest, most fundamental challenge to the power and authority of the state.
That they also claimed to be more threatened by their own fellow citizens and government than by an officially declared enemy of the state only added to the subversiveness of their challenge. Against the state's axis of fear, which claims that one's enemies invariably belong to another country and thus are part and parcel of the international state system, Ali sought to rotate that axis along a different dimension: away from the international state system to the domestic system of social domination and civil subjection.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
The Kennedy Space Center (KSC) closed Wednesday October 5 and remains closed through Friday. Workers spent much of Wednesday stowing items that could be affected by high winds. Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's (CCAFS) 45th Space Wing issued Hurricane Condition 4 (HURCON4) where non-essential personnel are evacuated and facilities are powered down.
These preparations ahead of the forecasted the closest approach of Hurricane Matthew to the area remind many of 2004.
In 2004, Hurricane Frances' gusts of up to 124 mph damaged the roof and ripped gaps totaling nearly a football field in area from the giant Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB). The Thermal Protection System Facility where all space shuttle tiles and blankets were manufactured, Processing Control Center where shuttle orbiters were tested, the Vertical Processing Facility where payloads are prepared for launch as well as the U.S. National Register of Historic Places listed Operations and Checkout Building which houses astronaut quarters were all significantly damaged as well.
Thorough damage assessment of KSC's more than 900 buildings, most built in the 1960s, required months to complete. In the end, $100 million of the $9 billion in damages was to NASA, military and other federal government facilities in the area.
The following year, Hurricane Wilma closed KSC when 13.6 inches of rain fell on the area and wind gusts of 94 mph were recorded at one of the two shuttle launch pad.
Damage was far less than Frances inflicted. The VAB again lost more of those 4 x 16 foot panels and other buildings sustained minor roof and water intrusion damage. A small crew of KSC workers rode out the storm to watch over the three space shuttle orbiters in their hangars monitoring for roof leaks and sandbagging doors. The recently arrived New Horizons spacecraft which explored Pluto last year, remained in its transportation carrier for protection.
This week, there are no space shuttles to secure and no rockets or spacecraft are on launch pads or other vulnerable positions, but steps are being taken to protect another recently arrived spacecraft.
A U.S. Air Force C-5 Galaxy cargo plane delivered NOAA's Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite series R (GOES-R) weather satellite to the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on Aug. 22.
GOES-R is highly anticipated in the WRAL weather center and by meteorologists around the country. Once in orbit, the latest generation weather satellite will provide five times faster coverage, more accurate data for hurricane tracking and intensity forecasts, as well as real-time mapping of lightning.
The spacecraft has been transported 10 miles across the Indian River to the Lockheed/Astrotech Space Operations facility in Titusville for processing prior to the planned Nov. 4 launch from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
While in the Astrotech cleanroom, spacecraft undergo final checkout, fueling, and enclosure in the payload fairing with forms the nosecone to be mounted the rocket's second stage at the vehicle integration facility near the launch pad a few days before launch.
Astrotech's facilities, like similarly critical ones at the Kennedy Space Center, are designed to withstand Matthew's forecasted category 4 conditions. Teams are building a tent over the satellite to provide extra protection should water be forced into the building.
Tents are a common sight in cleanrooms. They usually provide a higher level of dust protection than the main room provides through positive airflow to the tent. When you think of tents think less of the Coleman tent you might pitch on a family camping trip and more of a soft, but are airtight, walled module room. That temporary tent is a big one, tall enough to accommodate the two-story tall spacecraft.
Storm surge is another concern. The latest forecast from the National Hurricane Center puts GOES-R's launch pad itself at a 60%-70% risk of flooding particularly from the Banana River to the west of the pad. Much of the rest of KSC and CCAFS are at elevated risks of flooding, especially those closest to rivers and the Atlantic Ocean. Astrotech facilities on the Florida mainland are outside the forecasted areas of the highest risk for storm surge flooding.
To learn more about GOES-R, join System Program Director Greg Mandt and Senior Scientist Dr. Steve Goodman for a Reddit “Ask us Anything” event on Thursday, October 6 from 1-3 p.m. Visit https://www.reddit.com/r/science, the questions and answers will remain after the event.
When budget woes reduced the sheriff's department in one rural Oregon county to a bare-bones force, residents decided to take matters into their own hands -- creating armed patrol groups in defiance of local officials.
Their decision has raised safety concerns with the county government, which would prefer residents instead hike their own taxes to fund the hiring of trained deputies. But despite the risks, the move stands as a unique, some would say innovative, response to one of the country's most severe local budget crunches.
The government in Josephine County, where nearly 70 percent of the land is owned by the U.S. government, had long relied on federal timber subsidies to pay the bills. When the feds terminated the funds, county officials scrambled to pass a May 2012 tax levy to make up a nearly $7.5 million budget shortfall.
However, the county's residents voted against the levy, and as a result the Josephine County Sheriff's Office was gutted. The major crimes unit closed, dozens of prisoners were released from the county jail and the department reduced operations to Monday-Friday, eight hours a day.
The Sheriff's Office then issued a press release announcing their deputies would only be responding to what they deemed “life-threatening situations.”
Ken Selig -- who was the longest-serving law enforcement officer in all three local agencies when they were forced to retire from the department due to cuts -- told FoxNews.com they found the sheriff's declaration unacceptable. And they felt compelled to guard their community's vulnerable members.
“Who else is going to protect you when your government can't?” Selig said.
Selig and their friend Pete Scaglione formed the North Valley Community Watch, a county-wide organization dedicated to helping citizens in non-life-threatening situations, primarily property crimes. It is one of a handful of community groups that have formed since the cuts. Without a robust Sheriff's Office, their mission is broader than the typical neighborhood watch group.
Not only did the Sheriff's Office narrow its scope to "life-threatening" situations, but it even encouraged people who felt unsafe to relocate. “... the Sheriff's Office regretfully advises that, if you know you are in a potentially volatile situation (for example, you are a protected person in a restraining order that you believe the respondent may violate), you may want to consider relocating to an area with adequate law enforcement services,” the original release stated.
Selig's community watch group, looking to fill in the law enforcement cracks, now meets once a month to discuss crime and teach its approximately 100 members about personal safety. The group also has a trained “response team,” which consists of 12 people who will respond to the scene of a reported non-life-threatening situation if called.
Though the “response team” members do carry legal firearms, Selig said the team's main goal is to provide a deterrent presence, and that none of them have ever fired a shot. They said those involved in their group believe there is no substitute for well-trained law enforcement, but they feel they have no other choice but to protect their community.
“We believe responsible citizens doing responsible things make it hard for criminals to do irresponsible things,” they said.
Selig believes politics are behind the county government's decision to not funnel what funds they do have toward law enforcement. They say the county government seems to be pressuring the citizens to pass an additional tax hike they cannot afford.
“The key is to get the funding somewhere where the local people can get the services they need,” Selig said.
However, Josephine County Commissioner Keith Heck said residents of the county that opposed the tax levy need to realize there is no fat to cut.
Heck said the county has tried to live within the bounds of its fiscal realities, but citizens need to realize the options for paying for law enforcement are limited. "The county coffers are at the bottom of the barrel," they said.
Heck said though they support neighborhood watch groups and citizens being vigilant in their community, the rise of increasingly “aggressive” community watch groups make them worried the situation could escalate to violence. Watch groups have been under increasing scrutiny nationally ever since the George Zimmerman case in Florida.
“These things seem good on the PR side but fail a little in the reality side,” Heck said.
Heck said the only real solution is for the county citizens to approve more funds.
“There is this little shimmer out there of some giant Santa that is going to come and drop all this money on us because we are well-meaning folks,” they said. “The sleigh is broken, the deer are dead, it's not going to happen. We have to figure out how we are going to solve this problem.”
Soon, there will be an Australian team walking out against Sri Lanka for three T20s.
The side will be filled with professionals, with men who work for this opportunity. To be the best of the best Australia can field. Only, when they walk out against Sri Lanka, there will be players who are there because other players are in India.
This is ridiculous, but it's also normal.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
This situation is not news. This situation in general, and this situation specifically. Stuart Clark has christened this series the ‘Who Cares Cup' and it is not hard to understand their position. But I don't want to feel this way.
Michael Klinger has worked so hard for so long for this moment. It should have come with highly-regarded player wearing a coloured vest, watching them bat on the bench. To represent your country in cricket is an honour, and one Klinger richly deserves.
And when the schedule means that the best eleven cricketers cannot take the park for a team… well call the major, because there is a problem. Yet such non-representative teams seem inevitable now. The paying of tax even feels less inevitable compared to this recurring situation.
The World T20 is the best T20 competition in the world. It is the only Twenty20 tournament in the world which features Indian and Pakistan players. Pakistan players are not picked in the IPL, while Indian players are not allowed to play by the BCCI in other franchise tournaments.
But outside of the World T20, internationals are not as convincing as the domestic tournaments, perpetually at their high school reunion. Look how much we mean! Look how much we've changed!
Ok, so people will still watch. Every night is T20 night. Over-saturation won't pay a price until much later.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To see Aaron Finch temporarily regain the captaincy they were unlucky to lose is a great sight. But it doesn't stop the grating feeling that one feels about the Australian T20 team once again becoming the other Australian team.
It was counter-productive for the last two World T20s, and even with home advantage, it is difficult to see how that advantage on its own will outdo the negatives of a constantly changing team.
World T20s aren't about to go away. Considering the competitiveness of many teams and the high quality of cricket, it is hard to see a decent cricket reason for why abolition of the tournament would be a good idea.
World Cups and domestic cricket are the way of the future, with only international cricket when it is possible and justifiable. No format of the game can afford to live in the echo chamber of a few teams.
So, in a sense it is fortuitous that the next World T20 is in Australia, as it will force more people in Australia to take it more seriously, from people inside cricket to outside cricket.
Because if and when Australia face Sri Lanka in a World T20 in Australia, all their players will be in Australia. But that will only help if Australia knows their best team, in spite of the schedule, not because of it.
For sale is a brand-new GREEN Kel-Tec Sub 2000 in 40SW. The gun is set up for glock magazines and comes with 1-10rd magazine.
SUB-2000 is a self-loading carbine for pistol cartridges. Different versions of the SUB-2000 will accept most modern handgun magazines; see below for a complete list. The SUB-2000 has a greatly enhanced accuracy and extended range compared to a handgun. The superior precision is also very useful against small or partially covered targets at shorter range. The amount of training to master the SUB-2000 is only a fraction of that required for a handgun. The SUB-2000 has been developed from our highly successful SUB-9 rifle. Although retaining some features of the old rifle, the SUB-2000 is a completely new design. Emphasis has been put on consumer safety, but without impeding the performance. Polymers are used to a large extent, resulting in increased durability and reduced price. The SUB-2000 is available in 9 mm Luger or .40 S&W calibers.
The bolt can be locked in the rear position by the operating handle. The main safety is of protected push bolt type disconnecting the trigger bar and interlocking the hammer and sear. By rotating the barrel upwards and back, the SUB-2000 can be reduced to a size of 16" x 7" to facilitate secure storage and utilize the internal deployment lock which is operated by a proprietary key. The rear sight is of aperture type and the fluorescent front sight can be adjusted for windage and elevation. The SUB-2000 can easily be disassembled for cleaning or inspection without tools.
Phuket Zoo is surrounded by lush greenery, palm trees and open spaces, and then you enter. The animals are all in small cages, minimal natural habitats - if any - with some enclosures being empty or totally overcrowded. I am an avid animal lover, so I was excited to head to the zoo, but seeing these creatures in the metal cages did nothing but remind me of the argument about whether animals belonged in zoos or not. And in this case, I would say "not". A lady at the front was selling long string beans for the monkeys, which are double the price of what you could buy them for in a supermarket, so I would recommend buying before you go. While you're at the supermarket, I would also recommend picking up a LARGE tub of insect repellant. If you research Dengue fever, you will see that a certain mosquito carries the virus and the type of areas they breed in is pretty much everywhere in phuket zoo. My girlfriend got bitten several times that day after realising we had left our repellant at home and 3 days later they were in the hospital for 8 days. Sure, we can't prove that this is where they picked up the virus, but we are 90% sure that it was from there. So if you take your kids - make them wear the right clothing and whack on the repellant. Overall - I wont say don't go, because I love animals - but be careful and try to look past the concrete slabs of each enclosure. Oh, and maybe skip the crocodile show - there's nothing brave about 2 men hitting crocs with big sticks.
“Boundaries” is a project by photographer Allaire Bartel that aims to capture what it feels like to be a woman in an atmosphere of male entitlement.
The Pittsburgh-based photographer tells us that the project started last year during a mentoring program that had “boundaries” as the theme. At the time, there was a lot of discussion online about what it meant to be a woman in a man's world, and plenty of stories of violence and abuse against women.
Bartel says they wanted to create a series of photos that interpreted the conversation in their own way — photos that could express the idea that the oppression of women isn't only found in extreme isolated incidents that make the news (things like rape or abuse), but that the effects can be “felt in lesser forms during the day to day.”
They therefore captured a series of photos showing an average, young, professional woman in routing daily situations. “The concept of male entitlement is represented by male arms and hands performing a variety of actions that are overwhelmingly intrusive on their body and their life,” Bartel says.
“In each situation they maintain a blank expression, a visual choice that demonstrates how conditioned we as women have become to accept this atmosphere as excusable and even normal. A slightly hyper-real post processing style was implemented to emphasize that these actions, whether large or small, all perpetuate the idea that ‘woman' does not mean the same thing as ‘human.'”
You can hear more from Bartel about their thinking and process over on their website.
Image credits: Photographs by Allaire Bartel and used with permission
AN EMPLOYEE of Best Subs, 5758 W. Belmont Ave., reported that they were shot while making a delivery at about 10:40 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 28, in the 3400 block of North Long Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 18-year-old employee reported that several men approached them as they were walking back to their car and that one of the men asked their gang affiliation and then shot them in the chest with a handgun, according to police. The man was admitted to Illinois Masonic Hospital in critical but stable condition, police said.
A TEENAGER reported that they were robbed at about 5 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 27, while they were waiting for a CTA bus in the 5000 block of West Belmont Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 17-year-old teen reported that two men riding mountain bicycles approached them and asked their gang affiliation and that one of the men displayed a handgun and took their iPhone, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that their purse was snatched at about 8:45 a.m. Friday, Sept. 26, while they were waiting for a CTA bus in the 5600 block of North Central Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 47-year-old woman said that a man approached them from behind, struck them on the back of their head and neck and took their purse from their shoulder, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that a man attempted to steal their purse at about 10:10 a.m. Wednesday, Sept. 24, in the parking lot of the Jewel store, 4729 N. Central Ave., according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 45-year-old woman said that a man got out of a car and stood next to her, and that when they turned away the man grabbed their purse and tossed it through the open passenger-side window of their car, according to police. The woman said that after the man ran entered their vehicle they reached through the window and retrieved the purse before the man drove away westbound on Giddings Street, police said.
AN EMPLOYEE of Neptune Mobile, 5742 W. Belmont Ave., reported that a man stole a cell phone at about 10:50 a.m. Sunday, Sept. 28, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The employee reported that the man went behind the sales counter, removed the cell phone valued at $675 from an unlocked security case and walked out of the store, according to police.
A WOMAN was charged with possession of marijuana and driving on a suspended license following their arrest at about 11:15 p.m. Friday, Sept. 26, in the 5100 block of West Sunnyside Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
Officers stopped a driver who failed to yield the right of way and detected the odor of marijuana in the woman's vehicle, according to police. The driver was arrested after they were unable to produce a driver's license and officers discovered a plastic bag containing 44 grams of a substance suspected of being marijuana that the woman had hidden under their clothing, police said.
The suspect was identified by police as Mariena Elia, age 30, of the 5600 block of North Kimball Avenue.
A MAN WAS arrested after they allegedly threatened paramedics during an incident at about 2:55 a.m. Saturday, Sept. 27, in the 5300 block of North Cumberland Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
Officers who responded to a report of an intoxicated man on the ground and discovered that the man was stumbling on the sidewalk and threatening paramedics who had arrived on the scene, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Marcin P. Sanetra, age 28, of the 8500 block of Arnold Avenue, River Grove.
A MAN REPORTED that they were robbed at about 3:15 a.m. Friday, Sept. 26, in the 5200 block of West Belmont Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 34-year-old man reported that four men offered to drive them home from a bar, and that the men stopped the vehicle and one of them displayed a handgun and took $200 from him, according to police.
Two of the men were described as white/Hispanic and age 24. A description of the other two men was not provided.
A WOMAN reported that they were robbed at about 1:50 a.m. Thursday, Sept. 25, in the 3200 block of North Long Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 45-year-old woman reported that a man knocked them to the, punched them in the face and took their purse containing a credit card, a cell phone and house keys, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that a man attempted to scam them at about 12:45 p.m. Wednesday, Sept. 24, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
A 70-year-old woman reported that they had received a call from a man who said that their husband was in a traffic accident and that they were holding them hostage in the basement of their home, according to police. The woman said that the man told them that they would kill their husband if they did not give them $3,000, police said. The woman said that they told the man that they had no money and they hung up, and that they were able to contact their husband, police said.
A MAN REPORTED that they were shot with a BB pellet at about 10:05 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 23, in the 8000 block of West Irving Park Road, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 59-year-old man reported that they heard glass breaking at their home and discovered that a window was broken, according to police. The man said that they went outside and heard a sound coming from the Acacia Cemetery, then discovered that they had been shot in the lower part of their torso, police said.
SEVERAL THEFTS from vehicles were reported on the Northwest Side between Sept. 28 and Sept. 29, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
Items were reported missing from vehicles that were broken into in the 4400 block of North Melvina Avenue, the 5400 block of West Berteau Avenue, the 4400 block of North Laramie Avenue, the 5300 block of West Berteau Avenue, the 5400 block of West Roscoe Street and the 5200 block of West Hutchinson Street, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 5300 block of North Central Avenue was burglarized between 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Monday, Sept. 22, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that three gold diamond rings valued at $1,500, a gold necklace, a pendant valued $400 and $310 in cash were missing, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 5600 block of West Wilson Avenue was burglarized at about 1:45 p.m. Monday, Sept. 29, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The woman reported that they discovered hat the back door had been forced open and that a cell phone, two laptop computers, an iPad 3, a gold chain valued at $5,000 and four gold rings valued at $4,000 were missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 5500 block of North Austin Avenue was burglarized between 1 and 2:45 p.m. Friday, Sept. 26, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that the front door was open and that three watches valued at $300, two gold rings with diamonds valued at $12,500, a chain valued at $150, a cross valued at $150 and a medallion valued at $200 were missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 6600 block of North Caldwell Avenue was burglarized at about 6:30 a.m. Friday, Sept. 26, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that the front door had been forced open and that rings and chains were missing, according to police.
A MAN WAS arrested on motor vehicle theft charges at about 10 a.m. Wednesday, Sept. 24, in the 5400 block of North Elston Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
A 26-year-old man reported that they were chasing a man who had stolen their friend's 1993 Lexus, and they gave a description, according to police. A man reported that they had seen the man in the 5400 block of North Lotus Avenue, and officers arrested the suspect in the back yard of a home, police said.
The suspect was identified by police as Christopher Phillips, age 23, of the 5400 block of North Lotus Avenue.
If anybody said that I should die if I did not take beef tea or mutton, even on medical advice, I would prefer death. That is the basis of my vegetarianism. — Mahatma Gandhi to the London Vegetarian Society on November 20, 1931.
An increase in meat consumption, intensive animal farming and growing cruelty against animals have given rise to compassion movements across the world. It should be a matter of pride, therefore, that India is among the most vegetarian countries in the world. The Sample Registration System Baseline Survey 2014 notes that close to 30% in India are vegetarians. And that the number of non-vegetarians in India has decreased from 75% in 2004 to 71% in 2014. The rate of vegetarianism is more in northwestern states as compared to the rest of India. And, urban areas are more vegetarian than their rural counterparts. Increased urbanisation could possibly mean further dwindling of non-vegetarianism, particularly in Northwest India.
Pure vegetarian – all good?
Some questions linger, however. For instance, how does meat become a source of contention, violence and even governmental repression in India? Is our vegetarianism based on compassion for animals? If yes, why does this lead to disgust, social distance and even violence against humans?
Indian vegetarianism is not veganism (vegans, in addition to being vegetarians, also abstain from animal products), it does not necessarily involve care for animals. Instead, non-vegetarian food (and non-vegetarian people) generates disgust among vegetarians in India – a peculiar feeling that calls for distance, both social and physical, both from non-vegetarian food and non-vegetarian people. The idea of purity attached with vegetarian food tells us about the ideology of caste and its influence on food preferences in India.
Why do vegetarians in India prefer social distance from non-vegetarians? A look at caste-wise food preferences could provide some insights. As is common knowledge, the ranking of castes is mostly influenced by purity of occupation and diet. In caste-society, to achieve purity of body and spirit, it is necessary to be a vegetarian and religious simultaneously – something best embodied by a Brahmin.
The percentage of non-vegetarians among Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, both for men and women, is much higher than among those who are not from these communities. And in the latter group, the highest incidence of vegetarianism is found among Brahmins at almost over 50%. The higher the caste, the greater the possibility of them being pure vegetarians.
In present times, higher status attached to purity is not rigidly limited to Brahmins, though. Such an assumption would only put the dynamism of caste practice and morals in poor light. It is through change in dietary and ritual practices that the mobility of castes (considered lower) in the higher and pure culture becomes possible. MN Srinivas calls this process Sanskritisation, where a caste or sub-caste (non-Brahmin) strictly follows marriage rules, food habits and other scriptural procedures in the hope of achieving higher social status. Sanskritisation has had a cohesive role of forming unity across castes – such unity is not conjugal or genuinely intimate but a constructed form of society where etiquette of tolerance towards castes-lower could be worked out for their accommodation. The cohesive role of Sanskritisation is not merely limited to social relations across castes, it also helps create a broader Hindu identity with new etiquette and politeness.
Besides the Sanskritised variety, there is also a group of reluctant vegetarians who either purify themselves by not eating meat on certain days and occasions, or eat certain kinds of meat while deploring beef.
One would assume that urbanisation can bring down the hierarchies related to food and caste. One critical aspect of urbanisation in India is the role food preference continues to play in constructing urban neighbourhoods. Compared to rural areas, in Northwest India we notice lower non-vegetarianism in urban spaces. In urban schools, it is not uncommon for parents of non-vegetarian children to be advised to pack appropriate (vegetarian) food for children. Even in institutes of repute, we see non-vegetarian food kept at a healthy distance from vegetarian food. Worse, sitting areas may be marked separately too. This tells us about a specific form of urbanisation and modernity where being vegetarian could possibly ensure accommodation in higher culture.
The burden of diet-purity and vegetarianism is, however, more on women than men.
Vegetarian hegemony
Generally, the Bharatiya Janata Party is framed as an upper-caste party obsessed with vegetarianism and cow protection. However, the BJP draws on the reservoirs of popular vegetarian morals of Northwest India (the cow belt). One should not ignore that the party has not banned beef in Goa and Assam, where it is in power. On the other hand, non-BJP parties have equally promoted the hegemony of vegetarianism.
In October, the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh backed spiritual leader Ramaraju Mahanthi's vegetarian campaign. For Mahanthi, those who consume non-vegetarian food are demons. They hope to make such people shed their demon values.
While most Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Classes are non-vegetarians, state governments find it difficult to even provide eggs for the school mid-day meal scheme for deprived children. The Karnataka government is currently facing opposition from vegetarian communities over its plan to introduce eggs in mid-day meals, based on choice. The plan has been in the works for a few years now but could not be implemented because of the resistance.
Given that the majority of Hindus are not vegetarian, how and why is the democratic state anxious over a non-vegetarian diet, even eggs?
Broadly, present-day vegetarianism in India constitutes a form of moral power of minority within Hindus, with such a power being forced on the non-vegetarian majority – with their consent. This new sociality is a sign of progress in modern caste belief where the seductive power of vegetarianism and its associated purity travels seamlessly across bodies and spaces without dissent.
How fragile must the morals of the vegetarian castes be if they feel threatened by the introduction of eggs for poor children in schools? The morals of Indian vegetarians continue to be based less on compassion for humans and animals, and more driven by ideas of hierarchy and purity. In this scheme of hierarchy, one who eats beef is placed at the lowest rung. Like humans of caste, not all animals carry equal sympathy: there exists some hierarchy where the cow (indigenous, not jersey) takes the highest sacral form compared to the rest. Gandhi improvised their vegetarianism through inflicting violence and control on the self. Present-day caste-subjects and their vegetarianism, however, thrive on violence, both on the self and others. The state across India through various governments has mostly been party to this process, promoting the hegemony of misguided vegetarianism.
Suryakant Waghmore is a sociologist and author of Civility against Caste.
Corrections and clarifications: The figures for men and women in the chart “Percentage of Non-Vegetarians 2014” were erroneously switched in an earlier version of this article.
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. -- Dontari Poe still weighs more than 300 pounds, but the Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle feels much leaner these days.
It's been well-documented how Poe's one-year, $8 million contract included a $500,000 "weight bonus" which required them to weigh 340 pounds or fewer initially, then 330 pounds or fewer on three separate occasions from the start of training camp through early November. Well, Poe reported to camp "a couple pounds" under 330 to collect the second of two $125,000 bonuses. And there was a good reason why they met the requirement.
"I stopped eating so much late at night and so much bad food," Poe said.
Like what?
"Like mama's cooking: fried chicken," they said. "Steak and potatoes. Stuff like that, I slowed down on."
A slimmed down Dontari Poe, right, and Grady Jarrett have become fast friends in Atlanta. Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP
Poe now has a cutoff time where they don't eat anything after 8 p.m.
"The good thing about it is it makes you super hungry in the morning," Poe said. "So when you eat a lot in the morning, you burn it off through the day. So it evens out really good. I'll eat eggs, grits, oatmeal, turkey bacon, turkey sausage ... anything like that for breakfast."
Poe credited the Falcons' new nutritionist, Marie Spano, for helping them through the process. They began working with them before the break between minicamp and training camp.
"Marie is good at what they do, bro," Poe said. "She's big-time. Now, I just eat a lot of lean meat -- not sweets and stuff like that -- which is not really bad because I didn't have a sweet tooth. I just ate a lot late at night.
"I feel lighter. I feel like I'm not as tired as fast. And I'm just out here playing."
Now that he's adjusted their body, Poe continues to adjust their play to the new system. They came to the Falcons as a two-time Pro Bowler with Kansas City, where they played in a two-gap scheme. They were listed at 346 pounds last season.
In Atlanta, coach Dan Quinn has asked Poe to play a more attacking style than they did with the Chiefs.
"I expected it to be kind of a slow adjustment, considering what I've known for the last few years and what I'm transitioning into," Poe said. "But it came faster than I thought, thanks to the coaches and how they kind of give me small stuff to get better at by the day. It's starting to come together.
Play ESPN Fantasy Football More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
"Just the mentality of just getting off, just wreaking havoc instead of what I was used to doing, which was reading. Reading was natural. It was muscle memory. So now I'm transitioning into playing football, which is all the better for a D-lineman to just play instead of think."
It certainly helps Poe to have an ultra-competitive guy playing right next to him, nose tackle Grady Jarrett, a rising star who made their presence felt with a three-sack showing in the Super Bowl. Quinn has mentioned several times how great the chemistry has become between Poe and Grady. It's evident at the start of every practice as the two go through individual drills in unison. Poe said the the two "compete in everything" at practice.
"This is a dude who knows the defense, knows the mentality, who embodies it," Poe said of Jarrett. "He's a leader. He's a competitor. And they want to get better every day. So it's great for me just having a dude like that right beside me."
Poe and Jarrett will be crucial elements to what could be a rather intimidating defensive front, with reigning NFL sack leader Vic Beasley and first-round draft pick Takk McKinley rushing off the edges. Players such as Adrian Clayborn, Jack Crawford, and Courtney Upshaw, among others, add depth.
Poe is expected to push the pocket with their brute strength, but slimming down and using their athleticism might lead to more opportunities for sacks on the interior -- or more sacks for Beasley and others based on the attention Poe could attract.
Poe's best single season for sacks was six in 2014.
"I don't set statistical (goals)," Poe said. "I set ones to challenge me as a player myself. I try not to get locked into a negative mindset. I try not to get locked into numbers because I feel like sometimes, numbers might be too big; sometimes they might not be enough. So you never want to get content.
"I just fight myself every day as far as being content, as far as being lazy, being whatever the fight is. I just try to keep pushing it every day. And if I keep doing that, turn it into the mindset that I want it to be, I'm just going to keep going for 16-plus games and I'm going to be where I want to be by the end of the year. This team will be where we want to be."
Less than a third of patients who report anesthetic awareness also report experiencing pressure or pain, says Cole. "But that's still one too many, because the patient is kind of locked in and aware of what's happening to them but unable to move, which is terrifying."
Typically, sufficient analgesic (pain reliever) is given, so that even if you wake up you won't feel pain. "More often, we use an anesthetic technique which includes a morphine-type drug to reduce pain. But this is really required for when the patient wakes up and they no longer have anesthetic so they are conscious and aware of pain," Cole says.
Even if the analgesic wears off, there should be sufficient anesthesia to keep the patient unconscious and pain-free. "It's rare. You'd have to both have insufficient anesthesia and insufficient pain medicine at the same time to feel prolonged pain during awareness," Cole says.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers football team went on a free agent frenzy in 2016, signing impact starters such as defensive tackle Keith Shologan, receiver Ryan Smith, and placekicker Justin Medlock. A month prior to the above signings, they also inked Smith's former Saskatchewan teammate and fellow receiver Weston Dressler.
Arguably the biggest addition the Bombers have made this offseason, however, was bringing in national running back Andrew Harris – a Winnipeg native who grew up playing high school football at both Grant Park and Oak Park.
In their six-year CFL career – all with the BC Lions – Harris has become one of the most versatile players at their position, amassing 4,259 rushing yards to go with 2,639 receiving yards. Their three-year deal with Winnipeg gives the Bombers their first “franchise” running back since the days of Charles Roberts.
It's no secret that Winnipeg has been trying to corral Harris for a number of years, and chances are they're still a bit bitter about the fact that they couldn't draft them due to being a territorial exemption coming out of the Vancouver Island Raiders junior football program in 2008.
Regardless of prior circumstances, he's here now and couldn't be any happier. For Harris, the decision felt right both for their career and in their own personal life, as their eight-year old daughter resides in the ‘Peg.
“Being closer to them was a big factor in deciding this and I just think the organization is going in the right direction and it was the right timing for a number of reasons,” Harris said via conference call.
At 28 years old, Harris is in the prime of their career. Their maturity and leadership as well as their ability to be an every-down back is invaluable – specifically in the passing game where the Bombers have struggled to keep their pivots upright.
“To be a good running back in this league you have to have three amazing factors – running, catching, and being able to block – so for me I definitely feel like I can utilize all of those skills and I just want to be able to get on the field and make impact plays for this team,” Harris said.
The signing of Harris goes far beyond an organizational perspective. It also gives life to a fan base that hasn't had much to look forward to over the past four seasons. This city knows the name Andrew Harris: simply putting on the “33” in blue and gold will generate increased ticket sales and also likely encourage season ticket holders to come back for the 2016-17 campaign.
Expectations are at an all-time high for a community that hasn't seemed close to enough winning sporting-wise over the past two decades. With the amount of firepower general manager Kyle Walters has brought in thus far, it's clear that the goal is to end that slump sooner rather than later and bringing in Harris is just the icing on top of the cake for the Blue Bombers.
Anyone can predict a Grey Cup season during free agency, but it's a heck of a lot harder to actually follow through with that once the season begins. Regardless as to what happens in 2016-17, one thing is for sure: on paper, Winnipeg has improved this offseason. Now they must walk the walk in the regular season.
http://gty.im/466653875
Get Your Fresh Week One Power Rankings While They're Hot!
This is the week one power rankings, but I decided to give it a more clever name, so from now on this will be called ‘The Aptitude Test'. Week one ranking are always tough, predictions are built off of common opinions nurtured over months of incessant information and air-time to fill. Some of it comes from self-grown opinions on players and teams, but the point I want to make is that nobody knows.
From the top NFL analyst at major sports networks to me, a little college first-year student with their laptop and NFL game pass. I truly believe that their guess is just as good as mine. These rankings will update every week before the Thursday night game, and off we go. Teams are ranked first to last:
Carolina Panthers
Even though they weren't Super Bowl Champions, the Panthers were the best team in the NFL last season and I don't see much reason to expect that to change. They lost Norman, but young promising talents in the front 7 like Shaq Thompson and Kony Ealy should take the next step. Secondary is concerning. I'll wait and see.
New England Patriots
Jimmy Garroppolo will at the very least go 2-2, just in time for Brady to guide the Pats ship to another 12-4 season. The offensive line and running game is a major concern, but then again, Tom Brady. Arguably they have the best pass catchers in the league with Edelman, Bennett, and Gronkowski all at Brady's disposal. Scary thought.
Seattle Seahawks
Their defense is still impeccable. With all their key pieces signed through 2018, the Seahawks have a very large Super Bowl window open for the next few years. Russell Wilson is an escape artist with a great deep ball, and Tyler Lockett will become a really solid guy for them this season. Offensive line and running game worry me, but I expect a strong bounce back year from Pete Carroll.
Green Bay Packers
Aaron Rodgers is in the best shape of their life. Jordy Nelson is back. All position groups on this team are above average. Julius Peppers still has some left in the tank, Clay Matthews is back outside and Lacy is no longer fat. The Pack is back.
Denver Broncos
The defense has basically stayed the same, and they had nearly the worst quarterback play of any team in the league last year. Still managing to win a Super Bowl, so don't tell me Siemian is a downgrade. Respect the Super Bowl champs people, the hate has gone too far.
Arizona Cardinals
Bruce Arians is an incredible coach, and Steve Keim is a great GM. Carson Palmer still has some games left in him, but their playoff performance was worrisome. David Johnson is the next coming of Jesus Christ, their depth at wide out is among the best in the league. The pass rush should be much improved by a growing Markus Golden and newcomer Chandler Jones. The John Brown thing is concerning, but speedster J.J. Nelson should fill that #3 receiver role with no problems whatsoever.
Cincinnati Bengals
One of the strongest rosters in the league. They have been decimated by injuries this offseason, it's just no one has noticed because their next-up men aren't severe drop offs from the starter. Hue Jackson is gone, but that doesn't mean that the world is ended, they were an offensive coordinator- not Vince Lombardi. Andy Dalton wowed us last year, can they continue to perform at a high level?
Pittsburgh Steelers
The Martavis Bryant suspension was a huge loss, and Le'Veon Bell is gone for three games as well. The offense still could be lethal, but this team is one season ending Ben Roethlisberger injury from a top ten draft pick. Have to love Ryan Shazier and James Harrison keeps on performing, but the defense is a question mark.
Kansas City Chiefs
I'm big on the Chiefs this year, but would be more excited if Justin Houston was healthy. I like Alex Smith to step up more this season, and Eric Berry is back in camp. Quietly a great team, the Chiefs will likely fly under the radar the entire season.
Jacksonville Jaguars
All the puzzle pieces are there, and it's a make or break year for Gus Bradley and company. There's no reason not to take the throne in a very winnable AFC South. Can Blake Bortles cut down on the mistakes and lead the Jags to a long awaited playoff appearance?
Oakland Raiders
Their roster is incredible; my only issue is that the division they play in is among the hardest in football. They should compete all season for a wild card spot, and could threaten for the division win. If Derek Carr continues to improve, the league needs to be on watch.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
I'm on the Bucs train. Jameis Winston will become a top ten QB in the eyes of many this season, and I like the Bucs to snag a wild card spot in the NFC. The defense is pretty good, Noah Spence has been making plays and Gearald McCoy is a beast. LaVonte David and Kwon Alexander should hold it down for the LBs and Brent Grimes is still a #1 corner.
New York Jets
This team will likely have a worse record than their roster talent suggests. The beneficiaries of a bad schedule last year, the Jets play the AFC North and the NFC West. This will not allow for an easy road to the playoffs. Ryan Fitzpatrick had a cute season last year, but he's really not that great. I like Todd Bowles a lot, I hope they don't get put on a hot seat if the team struggles early on in the season. Did I mention Ryan Fitzpatrick went to Harvard?
New York Giants
I like the Giants to win the NFC East this year. Ben McAdoo looks like they were hired straight out of the Burger King drive thru, but Eli and Odell will light up scoreboards with a much improved defense.
Detroit Lions
The Lions have talented pieces, and their strength of schedule is super light. If Jim Bob Cooter and Matthew Stafford pick up where they left off at the end of last year, the future is promising. Teryl Austin is sure to have the defense over-perform their talent level. Calvin Johnson being gone sucks, but anyone who watched the Lions last year knows they aren't the same and their role in the offense had changed.
Minnesota Vikings
The trade for Sam Bradford was bold, and I like that the front office wasn't going to sit still and watch a talented team go to waste with Shaun Hill at the helm. Albeit Sam Bradford is an upgrade over Hill, he's still Sam Bradford. A first-round pick was a lot to give up, and Bradford has an injury history.
Houston Texans
The talent on this team is immense, there's just too many new pieces on offense for this to go as well as it could in the future. I like the trend of the Texans, it'll just be too little too late towards the end of the season to put a playoff push together.
Washington Redskins
Always beware of the not that great team that won a bad division. The Redskins have pieces, but their success largely relies on Kirk Cousins performance at QB. Since they finished 1st, they draw a much harder schedule than the rest of the NFC East, and that concerns me. They have two of the best CBs in the league with Josh Norman and Bashaud Breeland.
San Diego Chargers
I would've had the Chargers as a sleeper team to make the playoffs if they played in a different division. The AFC East is just so loaded this year that I found it hard to put them better than other proven teams in that division. I would thoroughly enjoy watching a Phillip Rivers led Chargers shock the league this season.
Dallas Cowboys
The Romo injury killed them. If Dak Prescott hadn't performed so well in the pre-season they'd be a bottom five teams for me. In fact, I probably have them too high but Ezekiel Elliot has me excited, so I'll put them here before I see it on the field.
Buffalo Bills
I love Tyrod Taylor, but the Rex Ryan experiment has done everything but completely end in disaster. They almost fired them last season, but management gave them one more chance this year. They have been decimated by injuries, I don't see it going well for the Bills this year.
Atlanta Falcons
The Falcons have consistently underwhelmed, so I'm putting them in the underwhelming spot of 22. I'm excited to see their young line-backing trio in Vic Beasley, De'Vondre Campbell, and Deion Jones. This team is a few years away from competing. Show me something Matt Ryan.
Tennessee Titans
Love me some exotic smash mouth. The Titans have undergone a complete overhaul in the offseason, and look to be headed in the right direction. They've invested in their offensive line and given Mariota a good power running game. I like them as a deep sleeper and it wouldn't shock me if they competed in the South, but I'll believe when I see.
New Orleans Saints
Fantastic QB but horrendous defense. 1st round pick Sheldon Rankins is out with an injnury, and they're beginning their road to recovery after the Rob Ryan experience. I won't ever count Drew Brees out, but the rest of the team is too weak to have the Saints contend.
Indianapolis Colts
The Colts are exactly like the Saints, except their offensive line is much, much worse. Luck is a great QB with solid weapons at their disposal, but the team around them is so embarrassingly weak I wouldn't be shocked if Ryan Grigson and Chuck Pagano were out after this season.
Philadelphia Eagles
Surprisingly they just announced Wentz as the starter and the outlook for this offense is bleak. They lost their best lineman Lane Johnson to a 10 game suspension, and their receiving group is second worst to the Rams. The defense will be very good with Jim Schwartz at the controls. Fletcher Cox is from a different planet.
Cleveland Browns
I kinda like the Browns this year. RG3 still has undeniable raw talent, whether they can turn that talent into being a good QB is a big question. You could do a lot worse than Josh Gordon, Corey Coleman, Terrelle Pryor, Gary Barnidge, and Duke Johnson Jr on offense too. The defense is awful.
Miami Dolphins
I was in on the Dolphins earlier this summer, but I quickly realized there isn't much to get excited about. Jarvis Landry is a beast, and I like the combination of them and De'Vante Parker at wideout, but Gase is going to have to be a miracle worker with Tannehill.
Baltimore Ravens
This is the team I could be the most wrong about, but they're my prediction for the most surprising team to have a bad season. They really don't have much there if you look at it. Flacco has vastly underperformed their massive deal, the offense as a whole is below average, and the defense is old and slow. Weddle was a nice signing; I wish Will Hill would stay out of trouble.
Chicago Bears
The Bears will be very bad this season. If they are not, I will question everything I have ever known about the game of football. They lost the three most important pieces outside of Alshon Jeffrey in Matt Forte, Martellus Bennett, and Adam Gase. Jay Cutler is trash. Everyone is injured. 4-12.
San Francisco 49ers
Not much can go well when Blaine Gabbert is quarterbacking one of the most talent poor teams in the league. Hard to believe this team was an NFC powerhouse just a few years back. Winning games with insane Jim Harbaugh then losing them with Chip Kelly, who hasn't exactly made any friends.
Los Angeles Rams
Jared Goff isn't starting, the offense is one dark hole except for Todd Gurley. LA is wasting a Super Bowl level defense with a 2-14 offense.
Environment Agency found about 150 dead fish in the river Penk and more in the river Sow, near Stafford – identifying the tarmac-melting fire as the likely cause
A lorry fire that shut a motorway for 16 hours after it melted the road is believed to be responsible for killing more than 100 fish in nearby rivers, the Environment Agency has said.
Tests are being carried out by environmental officers, with the agency saying the fire caused chemicals to seep into the watercourses. Around 150 fish were found dead at the river Penk near Stafford, while there were further reports of dead fish at the river Sow.
Fierce M6 lorry fire melts road and causes long delays Read more
The M6 was closed southbound from junction 13 for Stafford south from about 1.30am on Saturday while the road surface was repaired. Fire covered the carriageway and burned so hot it melted more than 600 square metres of tarmac before the blaze was extinguished at about 3am.
Drivers were stuck in queues up to five and a half miles long, with many of those caught in the delays families going on holiday after schools broke up for the summer. Nobody was hurt in the incident.
The Environment Agency tweeted: “Chemicals and oil has entered the river Penk [at] Stafford after earlier lorry fire.”
A spokesperson said the agency was unsure what the exact pollutant was, but that fast-tracked test samples were expected back within the next few days. The river Penk is thought to be home to a variety of fish, including trout, chub, perch and pike.
The agency's officers said they had counted approximately 150 fish deaths and urged people to stay out of the river Penk pending their investigation. They also urged people to stay out of the nearby river Sow, where further dead fish were reported.
In a statement, the agency said: “We've been responding to reports of dead fish in the river Penk and river Sow near Stafford. We've identified that the pollution which has caused this is the runoff from a lorry fire on the M6 on Saturday.
“Environment Agency officers are working with partners from the Canal & River Trust and Staffordshire police to identify the pollutant and to minimise the impacts on the river. We're advising members of the public to stay out of both rivers until our investigations are complete.”
DIG INTO CAMPAIGN DOLLARS DIG INTO CAMPAIGN DOLLARS USA TODAY's interactive campaign finance tracker lets you examine and filter donations by state, date, amount and sector. About the game USA TODAY researched candidate positions on a range of top issues. We then devised issue statements that help differentiate the candidates and their stances. As you answer the questions, you can roll over each issue button to find background on their positions. Your answers are matched with the positions of the presidential hopefuls to reveal who is closest to your views. The sliders allow you to assign relative weights to match the importance that you place on each issue. USA TODAY welcomes your feedback. Let us know in the comments area below how you fared, which candidate aligns with you and how you liked the game. To play the original version of Candidate Match Game (pitting 17 Democratic and Republican candidates against each other) click here. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Medical advances and interventions may have helped reduce the effects of obesity on life span, say new results published in Obesity Reviews .
Obesity, which affects more than one-third of Americans, is a chronic disease that can shorten one's life span, but new findings from the University of Alabama at Birmingham show that its effect on mortality has reduced in recent years among many groups, particularly women.
Tapan Mehta, Ph.D., assistant professor in the School of Health Professions and lead author on this study recently published in Obesity Reviews, says continued debate over the effect of obesity on mortality stems from conflicting results in individual analyses.
“Analyses of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys suggested that the harmful effects of obesity may have decreased over calendar time, while some other studies suggested that this might not be the case,” Mehta said. “Findings have been inconsistent, and previous studies have limitations such as confounding due to length of follow-up, recency of BMI measurement, age-related-effect modification and stable study-level factors.”
Mehta, David Allison, Ph.D., director of the UAB Nutrition Obesity Research Center and senior investigator, and their team selected and collected individual-level data for 17 U.S. prospective studies that spanned different calendar times and mortality follow-up periods and conducted a meta-analysis that adjusted for the limiting factors of previous studies.
The analysis showed that, despite Grade 1 obesity, or a body-mass index (BMI) of 30 to < 35, longevity has not continued to reduce over calendar time in older white men, but this was not true in younger or middle-age men with the same BMI. White women fared better; there is evidence of a lesser association between Grade 1 obesity and shortened life span over time and across all age groups.
“One of the possibilities our findings suggest, but do not prove, is that advances in medicine, screening procedures and interventions may have reduced the excess mortality associated with Grade 1 obesity; there are yet other explanations, as well,” Mehta said. “More research needs to be done to directly evaluate some of these explanations; for example, evaluating which treatments have reduced the association of obesity with mortality would help us identify and focus on strategies that seem to be working.”
As more longitudinal data on minorities becomes available, Mehta says they will be able to evaluate the same obesity-related mortality question with rigorous study design and methods.
Additionally, Mehta notes that the role and trends in gender gaps and disparities in medical care are an area of study that would build upon this work.
If modern paint companies' pretentiously-named color palettes gall you to the point of an exclusively black-and-white existence, the Harvard Art Museums' Forbes pigment collection will prove a welcome balm.
The hand and typewritten labels identifying the collection's 2500+ pigments boast none of the flashy “creativity” that J. Crew employs to peddle its cashmere Boyfriend Cardigans.
Images by Harvard News
The benign, and wholly unexciting-sounding “emerald green” is ---unsurprisingly---the exact shade legions of Oz fans have come to expect. The thrills here are chemical, not conferred. A mix of crystalline powder copper acetoarsenite, this emerald's fumes sickened penniless artists as adroitly as they repelled insects.
Look how nicely it goes with Van Gogh's ruddy hair…
“Mummy” is perhaps the closest the Forbes collection comes to 21st- century pigment naming. As Harvard's Director of the Straus Center for Conservation and Technical Studies, Narayan Khandekar, notes in the video above, its mushroom shade is no great shakes. The source---the resin used to seal mummies' bandages---is what distinguishes it.
The collection's crown jewel is a rich ball of mustard-y Indian Yellow. This pigment comes not from maize, nor earth, but from the dehydrated urine of a cow subsisting exclusively on mango leaves. I'm drawn to it like a moth to the living room walls. I'm sure Benjamin Moore had their reasons for dubbing its urine-free facsimile "Sunny Days."
The images above, save the Van Gogh painting, comes courtesy of by Harvard News. The video above was created by Great Big Story.
Related Content:
How Ink is Made: A Voluptuous Process Revealed in a Mouth-Watering Video
The Art of Collotype: See a Near Extinct Printing Technique, as Lovingly Practiced by a Japanese Master Craftsman
Watch the First 10 Seasons of Bob Ross' The Joy of Painting Free Online
Ayun Halliday is an author, illustrator, and Chief Primatologist of the East Village Inky zine. Follow them @AyunHalliday
United We Dream leaders from across the country are pictured at a Thursday meeting in the nation's capital. Adam Luna/United We Dream
Hundreds of half-drunk college students were interrupted by a bullhorn Tuesday night outside the White House as about a dozen immigration reform activists snaked through the tightly packed crowd that assembled as Donald Trump's surprise win became clear.
As young members of the mostly white crowd climbed trees, passed joints and sang the fraternity soundtrack hits “Sweet Caroline” and “Don't Stop Believin',” the small group of mostly non-white young activists shouted emotionally, “Undocumented -- here to stay!”
The accuracy of the defiant chant is unclear. Trump ran for the presidency on an immigration platform of more deportations and the immediate termination of what they call illegal executive amnesty issued by President Barack Obama. But they also have said at times they have “a big heart” on the issue and wants to be “fair but firm," with the removal of violent criminals a priority.
Now, nearly 1 million young immigrants face a worrying situation. They gave federal authorities personal information, including a list of every address they have called home, in order to gain protected status, federal work permits and access to state driver's licenses under a 2012 executive action called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, designed for young people living unlawfully in the U.S. as a result of their parents' actions.
In addition to possibly losing their jobs and other benefits given in renewable two-year blocks, the young immigrants naturally worry that they have provided authorities the information needed to locate, detain and ultimately deport them.
The legality of the presidential action that created DACA was indirectly questioned as part of a court case that has stalled an expansion of eligibility and Obama's attempt to create a similar program for parents of U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
The young people commonly called “dreamers” after the acronym of the failed DREAM Act generally are viewed with greater public sympathy than other unlawful immigrants, and they're hoping that Trump won't end the program.
In the meantime United We Dream, the advocacy network behind the White House chants and similar awareness-raising efforts around the country, is calling on Obama to hasten the renewal of DACA grants and freeze deportations, and for declarations of safe harbor from local authorities.
But prominent immigration law experts say Obama may have no grander options to protect the group from worst-case scenarios, and a novel legal approach has yet to emerge.
A mass pardon would not normalize the dreamers' immigration status and the president lacks the power to unilaterally grant citizenship or permanent residency status, experts say.
Congress can pass legislation giving the group legal status, but that appears unlikely. Obama could grant honorary citizenship, but that rarely offered status may be legally meaningless.
“I'm sure [Obama is] going to try to think creatively with their legal advisers to see if they can think of a legal mechanism that would allow them to survive the undoing of the executive action by Trump. But at this point, I don't have any good ideas that I would advise them on," says Stephen Yale-Loehr, a law professor at Cornell University.
“Executive actions are unilateral actions by a president and what one president does, another president can take away,” they say, expressing doubt that immigrants would be successful filing lawsuits demanding continuation of the status quo.
Yale Law School professor Cristina Rodriguez says they have heard immigration advocates mention the use of pardons for the crime of illegally entering the country. They say that offense keeps some people with U.S. citizen spouses or children from acquiring permanent residency. But it's not a sweeping fix.
"Most dreamers aren't actually eligible for visas because they don't have the right family relationships or meet any of the grounds that would allow you to apply," Rodrigues says. "It would take time even for those who are eligible," perhaps months or years after a pardon.
Rodrigues says she's unsure what will happen, but that the collection of personal information could prove problematic.
“That was always the risk with these programs, that a subsequent administration would use the information in a way that would lead to their deportation," they say. "I'd be surprised if that happened on a large scale, but I don't want to suggest anything is past whoever is coming into power next.”
Though it would be possible to pardon people for entering the U.S. illegally -- a crime -- it may not be possible to pardon people for living unlawfully in the U.S., which is considered a civil offense even though detention and forcible ejection are consequences.
"Being in the United States unlawfully is not a crime, so unlawful presence is nothing that needs pardoning," says UCLA law professor Hiroshi Motomura.
Motomura says the outgoing Obama administration could try to expedite processing of two-year renewals for DACA recipients in the hope that the Trump administration would end the program gradually. But the renewals would not tie Trump's hands.
Josh Blackman, an immigration expert at the South Texas College of Law, says "immediate suspension would be extremely chaotic," with recipients ordered to surrender work permits. They say it's unclear if recipients of state-issued driver's licenses could be compelled to return them.
Not everyone's convinced the worst will come.
Jose Loayza, a Utah-based attorney who handles immigration cases, says he's hopeful Trump will take a compassionate approach and keep DACA intact.
"The idea we accepted from them was that they wanted to act compassionately toward immigrants but within the legal framework. We need to hold them to that," says Loayza, a lawful immigrant from Peru who founded a group formerly called "Illegals for Trump."
Loayza believes that Trump's win could counterintuitively help unlawful residents. Republicans in Congress would block a Democratic president's immigration proposals, they say, but Trump might be able to strike a deal.
"Dreamers need something more permanent, more stable" anyhow, they say.
Statistics on the program show 844,931 people applied for DACA status as of June, with three-quarters later seeking a two-year renewal.
About 78 percent are Mexican citizens, with 4 percent from El Salvador and less than 3 percent from Guatemala and Honduras. Many come from outside the Americas, with nearly 10,000 from South Korea and several thousand from India and the Philippines. About 2,000 are from Poland.
Although it's unclear Obama can take dramatic steps to protect the group they invited to enter their information in government databases, "that doesn't mean Obama at this point won't swing for the fences because there's really nothing to lose," Rodrigues says.
The commons are a world apart from capitalism. They are a source of livelihood that people share. Before the spread of capitalism, most of the planet was commons. Cultures that treated the commons as a gift from nature that had to be treated with respect, tended to have the most bountiful commons and therefore the fewest problems of survival. Cultures that treated the commons as property or an exploitable resource generally exhausted them, and either brought about their own collapse or had to resort to warfare and conquest to survive. Some of these cultures would eventually form capitalism.
Capitalism theorizes and creates scarcity. Capitalism has thrived by destroying or privatizing the commons wherever they arise. As long as people have access to the commons, they can enjoy a measure of self-sufficiency and cannot be forced to sell their labor to the wealthy in order to survive. For common people, capitalism is a blackmail: work or starve. The commons offer another option: self-sufficiency by harvesting the gifts of nature. Because the basis of the commons is the spontaneous gift, people who live in or of the commons often recreate the gift economy; sharing, cooperating, and helping each other out in order to attain a high standard of living. Also for this reason, the commons are the enemy of capitalism.
Primitive accumulation—privatizing land or seizing wealth to fuel investment, industry, and, in a word, capitalism—is not only an early phase of capitalism, as theorized by Adam Smith or Karl Marx. Privatization, legalized theft, slavery, and the imposition of labor discipline are constant activities in every moment of capitalism, from the 15th to the 21st centuries.
Likewise, the commons are not an ancient and outdated reality but an ever present possibility that repeatedly erupts into our daily lives, contradicting capitalism's myth of scarcity. After arable land was privatized and enclosed—in Europe from the 15th to the 17th centuries, in India and other colonies in the 18th and 19th centuries, and in parts of Africa today—forests, woodlands, marshes, and pastures became the principal commons because capitalism was still unable to exploit those areas effectively. In these commons, people gathered fruits, nuts, medicinal plants, fuel and construction materials, they grazed livestock, hunted, and fished. They may not have been able to get their daily bread from the forests and pastures, but they could meet most of their other needs.
Nowadays, in order to function, capitalism must base itself on an exaggerated and imprecise mass production. This creates a huge amount of garbage that capitalism is still unable to exploit effectively. This garbage is the new commons: millions of people around the world scavenge the garbage in order to gather food, clothing, construction materials, or items that can be scrapped and sold for money. Many of the people who live in this way develop cooperative cultures based on sharing and mutual aid, relating through solidarity rather than through commercialized relations.
Skills, culture, and traditional wisdom also constitute a common. They constitute tools that help people relate with their environment, gain their livelihood, and improve their quality of life. In the past, these tools were shared within society. For about a century, capitalism has been increasingly trying to privatize knowledge and culture. Many people are resisting the privatization of the intellectual and cultural commons. Some people destroy fields of genetically modified crops owned by companies seeking to patent life itself, some indigenous communities keep out anthropologists, biologists and other researches trying to catalogue and patent their traditional music, folk medicine, or heirloom seeds, and some people share their music and art through “creative commons” licenses rather than copyrights.
While the original pirates liberated goods that had been exploited in the massive process of primitive accumulation known as colonialism (freeing slaves, stealing gold and silver mined with slave labor, seizing rum and sugar that came from the plantations), one of the major forms of modern piracy is the liberation of so-called intellectual property (such as movies and music) using new tools on the internet.
The scarcity on which capitalism is based never arises naturally. Sometimes it is the result of the bad choices of a society, destroying its soil, overfishing or overhunting, not balancing its population. Frequently scarcity is directly and intentionally imposed by the State. During the Irish potato famine, Ireland was forced to produce food for export by the British military occupation. The Great Famine in Ukraine was caused by the Soviet government, forcibly changing the traditional mode of agriculture. The US government killed off the seemingly endless herds of bison so that the Lakota and Cheyenne of the Great Plains (who had defeated the US in an important war) would lose their food source. Governments around the world have stopped at nothing, killing millions of people, in order to make self-sufficiency impossible. If we can take care of ourselves, we don't need government, and we don't need to work for the rich people that government exists to protect.
A related function of the State is to destroy the commons wherever they arise. The first modern legal codes in Europe served to criminalize the traditional use of the commons. A major application of the death penalty in 18th century England was to punish hunting, foraging, and other traditional uses of the forests that previously had been legal, and were even protected in Magna Carta. Today, the World Bank and IMF force debtor countries to change their laws and criminalize traditional uses of the commons, allowing them to be privatized by transnational corporations. In 1994, the NAFTA agreement with the US and Canada forced Mexico to change its Constitution and remove the protection of communal land tenure. Another major point of collaboration between world governments involves cracking down on piracy or sharing of the creative commons, so-called intellectual property. More generally, the US and other leading governments want to tame the internet entirely so it is no longer a space of sharing and anonymity—a commons—but rather a commercialized space easily controled by the police and exploited by corporations. This is similar to how the forests and marshlands were cleared and drained for economic reasons and for military reasons simultaneously. Due to their opacity and defensive advantages, these spaces were off limits to commercial development and they were also where rebels, bandits, and revolutionaries often hid out.
Generally, the State claims to be protecting us when they destroy the commons or clear wilderness, which are often the only spaces where we can still be free. In 2008, a shipwreck off the coast of England left thousands of tons of wooden beams washed up on shore. The wood could no longer be sold to major buyers, because it had seawater stains, but it was still perfectly usable for fuel or building. The shipwreck had brought a new common into being, and quickly people came to collect wood. The government jumped into action and prohibited the scavenging of wood, in the name of a national emergency. Their reasoning? People could get splinters, therefore collecting the wood was dangerous.
As for the widespread commons of garbage, several governments around the world are working to criminalize and suppress it. In the US, several cities have arrested people for sharing free dumpstered food. In Spain, where bakers traditionally give away unsold loaves at the end of the day, chain bakeries have started to count all their loaves of bread, returning and destroying (or selling to livestock and other industries) every loaf that hasn't been paid for. In many cities in the Netherlands, new trash containers store the garbage underground, making it impossible to access. Once again, they prefer that people starve instead of being able to get anything for free.
With urban gardens and the planting of fruit and nut trees, many cities could come close to food self-sufficiency. The anarchist scientist Kropotkin wrote about this emerging possibility a century ago, using Paris as their model, but since then governments and urban planners have made sure to prevent this new commons. Sometimes, urban gardens are evicted and bulldozed, as in Los Angeles. In general, cities avoid planting edible plants in the urban green spaces. Athens or Barcelona, for example, are graced with thousands of orange trees, but the variety the city governments choose to plant only produce an inedible kind of orange.
One notable exception to this rule can be found in Seattle. During several months of the summer, one can harvest a variety of edible, delicious fruits and berries from trees and bushes growing in the city. However, most people have lost the traditional skills and knowledge to carry out this simple task, or to even realize that food comes from the earth and not from the supermarket. People are so alienated that most of the fruits and berries go to waste.
This sad fact demonstrates the connection between knowledge and material. Intellectual or cultural commons and commons of land or resources are inseparably related. If the State can seize the land, the know-how to live from it eventually disappears. If the State can alienate people from their traditional knowledge, they will not know how to use common land or resources even if they are right next door.
Another interesting fact about cities is that food grown in them will be contaminated by automobile pollution. For this reason it could be easy to argue that growing food in cities is not the best idea anyway. But there is no natural connection between cities and cars. In fact, cities function far more efficiently without car traffic, using instead public transportation and bicycles.
But a focus on efficiency ignores the historically important fact that the State prefers to subsidize and implement those technologies that foster dependency, erode the commons, and create new opportunities for professionalized management (particularly within a paradigm of security or protection). Trains create new common spaces and can be self-organized by their operators. Car traffic, on the contrary, is so atomized it requires state intervention in order to be directed and organized. It creates new dangers the State must protect its citizens against, with an absurdly high number of traffic fatalities even in societies where the governments effectively manage car traffic. Last but not least, it creates the possibility—for the first time in history—of a crowd of thousands of people who are side by side, when stuck in traffic, yet totally isolated from one another and without immanent possibilies of collective action.
In sum, the commons hold a central place of importance in the struggle against capitalism. The commons can be constituted by land, wilderness, skills and experiences, scavenged goods, or public spaces. They do not only exist in peripheral societies that can still claim to be traditional; the commons are an ever present possibility in every fold of human existence, from the most developed countries to the least.
The commons are both a structure and a practice. Commoning is one of the most popular and subversive forms of action against capitalism. It is not the provenance of professional revolutionaries but an activity undertaken instinctively by people around the world.
Because commoning is instinctual, communism is a fraud. The attempt to abstract the commons or to mediate the practice of commoning through an ideology rends it from the unique conditions of daily life that give it breath and substance. The commons will be reconstituted in a different form in every different part of the world, at the hands of those people who are closest to the available matter and memory that can be transformed into the basis for collective survival. Commoning is the task of those who will become part of each new commons.
Capitalism created classes, and these classes will not destroy capitalism. Building on the material of the feudal castes, those who could wield a military and economic advantage constituted themselves as the owning class, and forcibly constituted the proletariat as those who only owned their labor power and their ability to reproduce. The same property relationship that enclosed the commons forced those who could not resist these enclosures to become the working class. Class society and capital will be abolished by those who win the force to be able to see themselves in relation to the commons and not in relation to property.
The enemy who constantly scatters this force and tramples the commons wherever they pop up is the State. Our struggle must aim for the destruction of the State, to open up the new spaces where the commons can flourish. Commoning itself is not the property of any party or theory, but the shared potential that makes any communication possible. Anarchy is a prerequisite for the commons. The stronger the State, the narrower the margin on which new commons may arise. And the more bountiful our commons, the stronger and more sustained our attacks against the State. Whether the State is destroyed by anarchists is unimportant, except for those anarchists who share with the communists a need to author the plan that will be foisted on the new world.
What is important is that our dreams again take root in the commons, that our theories take aim on the State, and that our struggles create new commons and revitalize the old ones.
The World Colored Heavyweight Championship was a title awarded to black boxers in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. This was the only recognized heavyweight championship available to blacks prior to Jack Johnson winning the world heavyweight title in 1908. The title continued to exist until the reign of Joe Louis as universally recognized champ, as the color bar against black heavyweights was enforced during and for a generation after Jack Johnson's reign as world champ.
Drawing the color line [ edit ]
Though not sanctioned by any governing body, the colored heavyweight title was publicly recognized due to the color bar in pro boxing in the 19th and early 20th centuries, when white champions drew the color line and would not defend the title against a black man. In the heavyweight division, the color bar was adamantly defended by "The Boston Strong Boy", bare-knuckle boxing champ John L. Sullivan, the first modern heavyweight champ, who had fought black fighters on their way up to the title but would not defend it against a black man.
Succeeding white heavyweight champs James Corbett and James J. Jeffries followed the same pattern. Since the white champs had fought black fighters as equals on their way up, the color bar undeniably was maintained due to racial prejudice. Since black boxers were being denied a shot at the world title solely due to their race, the general public gave credence to the colored heavyweight title.
Maintaining the color bar [ edit ]
The color bar remained in force even after colored heavyweight titleholder Jack Johnson won the world's heavyweight title in 1908, thus ensuring the colored title remained the ultimate prize for all other black boxers.
Once they were the world's heavyweight champ, Johnson (who relinquished the colored title) never fought black opponents, either. They denied matches to black heavyweights Joe Jeanette (his successor as colored heavyweight champ) and Sam Langford (who beat Jeanette for the colored title) and the young Harry Wills (who was colored heavyweight champ during the last year of Johnson's reign as world's heavyweight champ). Blacks were not given a shot at the title allegedly because such top boxing promoters as Tex Rickard believed that a fight between two black boxers would not draw at the gate.
Johnson, Jeanette & Langford [ edit ]
Jack Johnson fought Joe Jeanette a total of seven times, all during their reign as colored champ before they became the world's heavyweight champion, winning four times and drawing twice (three of the victories and one draw were newspaper decisions). In their first match on 1905, they had fought to a draw, but in their second match on 25 November 1905, Johnson lost as they were disqualified in the second round of a scheduled six-round fight. Johnson continued to claim the title because of the disqualification.
After Johnson became the first African-American Heavyweight Champion of the World on December 26, 1908, their World Colored Heavyweight Championship was vacated. Jeanette fought Sam McVey for the title in Paris on 20 February 1909 and was beaten, but later took the title from McVey in a 49-round bout on April 17 of that year in Paris for a $6,000 purse. Sam Langford subsequently claimed the title during Jeanette's reign after Johnson refused to defend the World Heavyweight Championship against him. Eighteen months later, Jeanrette lost the title to Langford.
Johnson never again fought Jeanette despite numerous challenges and avoided Langford, whom they had fought once while they were the colored champ and beaten them very severely on points in a 15-rounder. In August 1914, as Johnson neared the end of their troubled reign, there were reports that Johnson had agreed to fight Langford for the world heavyweight title in Paris, but nothing came of it.
After losing their world heavyweight championship, Johnson never again fought for the colored heavyweight crown.
Because great boxers of the era were barred from fighting for the heavyweight championship because of racism, Johnson's refusal to fight African-Americans offended the African-American community, since the opportunity to fight top white boxers was rare. Jeanette criticized Johnson, saying, "Jack forgot about their old friends after they became champion and drew the color line against their own people."[1]
Proposed World Boxing Council title [ edit ]
The World Boxing Council attempted to create a similar championship in 2004 called the African World Championship, which would be open to boxers of African descent from any country as well as boxers of any race living in Africa.[2] This proposal was met with worldwide criticism,[3] and the World Boxing Council ultimately abandoned the idea.
List of champions [ edit ]
Eighteen men were recognized as World Colored Heavyweight Champion, combining for 28 total reigns.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos attends first lady Melania Trump's International Women's Day luncheon at the White House on March 8. DeVos has frequently praised The Potter's House, an "evangelical in nature" private school.
It takes more than just a solid resume and stellar references to get hired at The Potter's House, a school in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The job application also requires prospective teachers to sign and accept a statement of faith.
“We believe that the world was perfect at creation, but sin intervened, severing all people's perfect relationship with God and bringing consequences on every object and institution within the creation,” the statement reads, in part.
The Potter's House is a private school that is “evangelical in nature” and reportedly teaches creationism alongside evolution. It's also the type of school that Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, apparently believes can level the playing field in educational inequality. The nondenominational Potter's House makes a special effort to serve students of all races and income levels.
DeVos has been deeply involved with The Potter's House for years ― as a donor, volunteer and board member. They have mentioned the school by name in speeches and interviews, saying schools like The Potter's House have given “kids the chance to succeed and thrive” and that the institution inspired them to advocate for education-related causes.
Early signs indicate that DeVos will help make it easier for kids to attend similar private, religious schools. President Donald Trump's budget proposal sets aside $250 million for a “new private school choice program” ― something DeVos said in a statement would place “power in the hands of parents and families to choose schools that are best for their children.”
Critics of the education secretary say they fear their commitment to religious education will come at the expense of traditional public schools and eventually recede the separation between church and state. A closer look at The Potter's House may not alleviate these concerns.
As far as I know going back, they presented the creation story. Reggie Smith, father of The Potter's House students
The school, which serves students in pre-K through 12th grade, centers its instructions and culture around Jesus Christ and God.
“Since God is the center of reality, the Bible will be taught as having significance in all areas of life,” reads a “philosophy statement agreement” that parents of students are required to sign. The school's handbook says all students must take Bible classes, attend morning prayers and follow a strict dress code.
Science instructors teach both creationism and evolution, according to two parents of children who are currently attending or have attended the school.
“As far as I know going back, they presented the creation story, but also talked about how evolution was another theory in how people thought about the world and how they thought the world was created,” said Reggie Smith, a pastor whose three daughters previously attended the school. “It was pretty balanced to me, even though they were coming from a Christian perspective.”
Some nonacademic classes are taught by teachers from the nearby Grand Rapids Public Schools district, according to Mary Bouwense, president of the Grand Rapids Education Association. But instructors who want to work directly for the school must prove their commitment to Christianity, both by signing the statement of faith and by answering application questions such as: “Which Christian disciplines do you consider especially important for a follower of Jesus in today's culture?”
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Betsy DeVos and President Donald Trump at Saint Andrew Catholic School in Orlando, Florida.
Such emphasis on religion is not unusual for a Christian school with evangelical roots. What is notable is the strong connection that a sitting education secretary, who is tasked with shaping policy to improve the nation's public schools, has to such an institution.
The Dick and Betsy DeVos Family Foundation donated over $2 million to the school between 2001 and 2013, according to tax filings. And DeVos themselves was a member of the school's advisory board from 1994 to 2016, according to their website.
The school's leadership team has involved a number of other conservative heavy-hitters, including J.C. Huizenga, who is listed on the school's website as a foundation board member. Huizenga founded a for-profit charter school chain, and was included in the 2014 membership directory for the Council for National Policy ― which the Southern Poverty Law Center refers to as a secretive group “where mainstream conservatives and extremists mix.” White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway have also been involved with the group.
The Council for National Policy produced a document earlier this year in which it called on DeVos to restore religious education and implement Bible classes in public schools, according to The Washington Post. DeVos reportedly did not receive the document and therefore would not comment on it.
The Potter's House, which is located in an area where many Latino families live, is more racially and socioeconomically diverse than many private schools. Tuition rates are determined by a formula based on a family's income, making it affordable to many low-income families. Eighty percent of students in 2013 received some degree of scholarship money, according to a report the school submitted to AdvancED, a nonprofit that accredits schools.
It's an anomaly in an area where private schools tend to attract white, upper middle-class families, said Sarah Boonstra, who has two daughters attending the school. The school's commitment to diversity and social justice is partly what motivated them to send their children there, they said.
And despite its Christian-centric classes, The Potter's House doesn't pressure students or parents to participate in any specific faith-based activities outside school hours, Boonstra said. The school also doesn't just cater to Republican families, they added, noting that Gary Johnson won a mock election among eighth-graders last year.
“I want people to know there are a variety of parents who choose to do this,” said Boonstra, a former lawyer who now nannies for a local family. “When you're in an area like Grand Rapids, which can be pretty white especially in some of the Christian areas, it was important that my kids be exposed to a broader cross-section of society.”
The school's superintendent, John Booy, has said in various interviews with Michigan-based news outlets that they intentionally designed the school to promote this type of diversity. Booy did not respond to requests for comment for this story.
However, Booy has previously praised DeVos' involvement with the school, as well as their commitment to children and education.
“She's always thinking about what is the best way to educate kids in the 21st century, and are we locked into models that have perhaps become somewhat outdated?” they said in an interview with Bloomberg.
Both Boonstra and Smith said they don't know DeVos personally and are grateful for their involvement in the school. But they also said they strongly believe in the mission of public education.
Welcome to Isle of Refuge.
No, not THAT Isle of Refuge. Well, not quite anyway. This Isle of Refuge is a new special server launching on Tuesday, June 28, 2016.
How will this server be different from Live servers or other special servers (such as TLE Progression and Event servers)? Here's how:
Isle of Refuge is what we call a “Free Trade Server.” This means that almost all items can be traded freely between players. There are a few exceptions – Heirloom items purchased via a merchant or in the marketplace, granted from repeatable quests, or received via /claims will remain Heirloom.
When Isle of Refuge launches, there will be no transfers allowed on or off Isle of Refuge. This is a new Norrathian community being formed, and we want you all to have the opportunity to build relationships and a thriving player economy. There are no plans to EVER allow transfers off the Isle of Refuge server, though we may open transfers TO this server at a future date. While we'll have news regarding transfers to Isle of Refuge in the future, at launch all characters will begin a new journey on the server.
A few other things to note about Isle of Refuge:
There will be limited account bonuses and/or claims at the launch of the Free Trade Server.
There will be no Battlegrounds access on the Free Trade Server.
To play on the Free Trade Server, you must be an Access Member.
Get ready to journey to a Norrath like you've never experienced before. Get ready for Isle of Refuge.
FAQ
Will there be an EU Free Trade server?
There are no plans for an EU Free Trade server at this time.
Can I buy a Krono / Heroic Character / House / Mount on the Marketplace?
The Isle of Refuge does not have a limited marketplace. Anything that you can purchase on a normal server can also be purchased on Isle of Refuge with the sole exception of a character transfer token as these could not be used.
Is Isle of Refuge a Progression server?
No, The Isle of Refuge has access to all expansion content.
Can I use my loyalty tokens on Isle of Refuge?
Yes!
Can I use a Mercenary on Isle of Refuge?
Yes, absolutely!
Will there be different XP gain, Live Events, coin/treasure drops on Isle of Refuge?
No, the only gameplay change to the Isle of Refuge is the removal of most Heirloom tags on items.
What /claims have been restricted on Free Trade servers?
Locate somewhere on the temple sides (i centered mine along the edge that runs from your cheek to your temple)
Take the pointy ring and press the pointy side into the cardboard from the inside of the goggles. you should just barely see the points sticking out.
Select the female snap parts and place it on the points, (the correct side will be the side with a slight folded lip around the outside (where the points are going to curl into) its more obvious on the male snap parts so compare them)
Crimp down pretty hard with your pliers, making sure they are well centered in the snap pliers. release and look to make sure the points all went inside the snap ring. and are not poking out and that the snap is now affixed well.
Repeat for the other side, and if you want a nice support sling over the top, put one in the middle of the Velcro flap that holds your phone in, i put all female snaps on the cardboard, and male on the straps, makes it easier to swap and try other configs.
Work with a constituted group to encourage a DIY sports facility on part of the disused land formerly known as the Little Oasis Crazy Golf course. To work with us to re-build a safe park that the community can engage with. To support the rebuilding of the skate park and applications for funding.
On Thursday 27th March, Thanet council bulldozed our local community built skatepark with no notice, now they need to work with the local community to re-build it.
Thousands of locals have spent time using this free community facility. Skating can bring together communities and encourage a positive outlook on life. If we work with Clive Hart we could create a safe family friendly community resource in one of the most deprived areas in England.
https://secure.38degrees.org.uk/page/-/CBY/CBY-thanet_skate_crowd.jpg
You can read more about the council bulldozing the community skate park here:
http://www.thanetgazette.co.uk/Fury-council-bulldoze-popular-skate-park/story-20860112-detail/story.html
https://secure.38degrees.org.uk/page/-/CBY/CBY_thanet_skate.jpg
SWEDESBORO, N.J. -- In the last year, a few dozen chefs have come here to the test kitchen of Rastelli Foods, a wholesaler based near Philadelphia, in search of tips about how to trim portions -- preferably in ways that diners won't notice.
Like many in this business, Rastelli has developed an impressive bag of tricks, and one recent morning staff consultant John Roehm is sharing a few of them with the owner of Conley Ward's Steakhouse, a restaurant in Wilmington, Del. Roehm focuses on the chops, which will soon be downsized in subtle ways, but he's got an idea about the shrimp cocktail, too.
"What you do is skewer the shrimp before you boil them," Roehm says. "It straightens them out so that when you serve them, they look bigger. Now you can buy a smaller, less expensive shrimp."
Pinched by soaring food costs on the one hand and a recession-fearing public on the other, the restaurant industry is getting crafty. Chefs are tinkering with recipes, swapping out expensive ingredients for cheaper ones. Managers are using behavioral science research to rejigger menus -- putting high-profit items in the top right-hand corner, for instance, where diners tend to look first.
And many restaurants are putting the great American portion -- a monstrosity by the standards of international cuisine -- on a diet, as surreptitiously as possible. Lots of restaurants are buying smaller plates to make the reduced servings look just as large, or lighter silverware so that even if there are fewer bites per serving, each bite feels heavier than usual on the fork. A la carte portions of high-priced dishes -- steaks, for example -- are getting pared back and surrounded by low-cost starches and vegetables.
"We've advised a lot of clients to switch from an eight-ounce filet to two three-ounce filets," says Rastelli Foods owner Ray Rastelli, who sells to 6,000 restaurants in the New Jersey, New York and Delaware area. "They reduce their cost by 25 percent and they change the plate presentation, adding some strategically placed accouterments. It looks like more food and it actually costs less."
Some restaurants aren't bothering with the sleight of hand. At Lucky Devils in Hollywood, the toasted pecan shake recently went from 18 ounces to 12 ounces, though the price didn't budge. At the Plumsted Grill in Cream Ridge, N.J., the filet mignon recently went from a 10-ounce to an eight-ounce portion.
"We also bought more small plates," says Plumsted co-owner Stacy Maul. "Our chefs were using these large platters for dishes like the chicken marsala, and they felt like it didn't look right unless the whole plate was covered. You give them smaller plates, they cook less food."
Fret not, gluttons. There is little risk that portion shrinkage will cause anyone to lose weight anytime soon. That's because the point isn't to slim us down or lower our cholesterol. It's to save money in a business that many owners and consultants think is already in recession. A recent National Restaurant Association survey found that 46 percent of members reported declines in traffic in February over the previous month, not to mention "a record-low reading in restaurant operators' outlook and expectations." Smart owners, of course, have always carefully watched their costs, but when every bill comes with a "gasoline-price surcharge" and fewer people are walking through the door, it's hocus-pocus time.
The risk is that patrons will notice and get annoyed. (One Lucky Devils regular recently fumed online that the restaurant had "done something unforgivable. They have toyed with the toasted pecan shake.") A lot of restaurants prefer to charge more rather than fiddle with the food, on the theory that customers think of menu prices the same way that drivers think of a gallon of gas -- they hate to see it get more expensive, but don't blame the gas station when it does.
But eating out is optional in a way that driving isn't, and there's only so much that a typical customer is willing to pay for a plate of fried calamari. And though risky, the financial upside to smaller portions is greater for a restaurant than you might think.
Take that 10-ounce filet mignon. At $20 per pound, it costs $1.25 per ounce. Start buying eight-ounce filets from your supplier instead and you spend $2.50 less per dish. A restaurant that sells a modest 100 filets a week will save $13,000 a year on that item alone.
3 Things To Consider About The Politics Of Trump's Immigration Executive Order
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pool/Getty Images Pool/Getty Images
The White House moved up the president's announcement that they were nominating Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court by two days, possibly to distract from the firestorm of criticism over their chaotic rollout of their refugee policy.
But maybe the White House didn't have to worry.
New polls show the policy may not be as unpopular as all those protests over the weekend suggested.
Here are three things to consider when it comes to the politics surrounding the president's executive order:
1. What little polling there is seems to confirm the White House's confidence
At the White House on Wednesday, press secretary Sean Spicer was happy to point to polls that showed support for the president's order. Spicer singled out a Rasmussen poll showing 57 percent of Americans favored a "temporary ban on refugees from Syria."
Rasmusssen is hardly considered a reliable and well-conducted poll. But Spicer also pointed to a Reuters poll, conducted with more traditional methods by Ipsos, which showed 66 percent of Americans agreeing with the statement "the U.S. should limit refugees" (which it already does).
Those numbers sound like solid support for the administration's position. After all, securing the border and protecting citizens from the threat of terrorism is what most Americans expect from their government but ...
2. There's lots more in those polls
Dig deeper into that Reuters poll, and you'll see something else:
When you ask people if they agree or disagree with "Trump's order," 49 percent agree, 41 percent oppose.
That's good for the White House. But when Reuters asked should the U.S. show a preference for Christian refugees (as the president has suggested), 56 percent say no.
And, in perhaps the most important finding, the country is — no surprise — very divided by party over this order:
53 percent of Democrats say they strongly disagreed with Trump's action;
51 percent of Republicans say they strongly agreed.
So once again, Trump has jumped both-feet-first into an issue that has deep partisan divides. This approach worked for them during the campaign, but it's not clear if it is a good governing strategy.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Genaro Molina/LA Times via Getty Images Genaro Molina/LA Times via Getty Images
3. Political fallout
Although a few Republican senators, like John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, agreed with national security experts who criticized the order for being wrongheaded and likely to backfire by making terrorist attacks more likely, most Republicans were either supportive or confined their criticism to the sloppy, confusing way the order was developed and implemented.
Democrats, on the other hand, were uniformly appalled. They attacked the order for employing what they said was an unconstitutional religious test and for undermining democratic values of openness, tolerance and inclusion.
And in a development that might be even more important than the support for the policy in the polls, there was intense and widespread public resistance to the ban.
The liberal base reacted with fury. Tens of thousands of people protested at airports around the county. There was also a lot of deep resistance in Washington, too. Sally Yates, the acting attorney general, refused to defend the order, which bans people from seven Muslim-majority country, in court. They determined it was a Muslim ban. They were fired.
More than 900 State Department employees signed a "dissent cable." (Dissent cables have a long tradition at the State Department. There's even an award for it.) But the dissent prompted Spicer to say, "They should either get with the program, or they can go."
The order also seems to have further soured America's relationship with its allies. Just days after British Prime Minister Theresa May stood in the East Room with Trump, they and other European leaders blasted their plan. May called it "divisive and wrong." And Wednesday night, the Washington Post reported on a tense phone call between Trump and the Australian prime minister over the ban.
During the campaign, Trump's call for a Muslim ban was one of their most controversial promises. And now that he's enacting it, it's not any less divisive.
Trump seems to be doubling down on division. They mocked and belittled Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer — whom they had already called a clown — for crying "fake tears" when Schumer choked up at an event protesting the order.
"I want to know who their acting coach was," Trump sneered at an unrelated event.
At the time, Schumer was surrounded by distraught constituents from a diverse set of ethnicities, races and religions.
Again, this kind of withering, bullying, verbal assault worked for Trump during the campaign. Will the fake-tears-of-a-clown attack help Trump govern? After all, there are many things on Trump's agenda that will need 60 votes to pass the Senate — and Schumer will have to provide some of them from Democratic ranks if Trump is to succeed.
But the weekend's events have made that harder. Trump's executive order on immigration has engaged and enraged the liberal base, ensuring that Democrats in Congress will be under tremendous pressure not to cooperate with Trump on anything.
The political lesson Trump appears to have learned is that division works; there's no need to adjust and it's not necessary to reach out beyond the 46 percent of voters that brought them — stunningly and improbably — to the White House.
Other
The man behind the movie Titanic is set for an ocean adventure of their own!
James Cameron is trying to reach the Mariana Trench - the deepest part of the ocean in the world which is 11km (seven miles) below sea level.
Only two people have ever reached the trench which is in the Pacific Ocean but that was back in 1960.
The Avatar director's just finished an 8km-deep test dive off the coast of Papua New Guinea and hopes to complete the challenge in a few weeks' time.
Other He'll be using this to dive down in!
Cameron developed their love for the oceans while working on the movie Titanic.
They plan to travel to the trench in a specially-designed one-man submarine called Deep Sea Challenge.
Once they get down there they plan to film footage to be used as part of a new 3D documentary.
 They are one of five famous adventurers trying to reach the deepest part of the ocean first - millionaire business person Richard Branson is also in the race!
Carolina Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis has been named NFC defensive player of the month, according to the team's official Twitter account.
November has been a spectacular month for Davis, who registered 35 tackles, as well as a sack, interception and a forced fumble. It brings their season totals to 89 tackles, and 4.0 sacks -- both of which are on pace to be career highs. The numbers are remarkable in their own right, but unbelievable when given the context of of their three ACL tears. It was unclear whether Davis would be able to play again, let alone be an impact player but they have become one of the team's most reliable defensive weapons.
Davis has been excellent in Sean McDermott's defense, stopping outside runs, covering tight ends well and emerging as the team's best pass rushing linebacker. Here's hoping this is the first of many accolades for Davis, who remains one of the team's most overlooked players.
By way of the US Patent & Trademark office, we see that TiVo has submitted not one but four applications for a “TiVo Bolt” trademark. As their “late July” Aereo news announcement approaches (and assuming they're still on schedule), I figured there was no way in hell TiVo could launch an online video subscription service to rival Sling TV as they target cordcutters… but, they seem to open that very door via verbiage found in the most interesting of the filings:
Subscription television broadcasting services; cable television transmission of personalized and interactive television programming
And the rest:
Computer hardware, computer software for use in connection with personalized, interactive, television programming and remote control units for use therewith
Entertainment services, namely, personalized and interactive entertainment services in the nature of providing personalized television programming, and interactive television programming and games, and entertainment information, namely, an online guide to personalized and interactive television programming
Promoting the sale of goods and services of others through the distribution of on-line promotional material
Curiouser and curiouser. And way more likely than their abandoned Pique trademark. Start your speculation engines below!
Timeline:
After being criticized for their debate performance, Donald Trump is hitting back against Hillary Clinton with a new strategy.
Trump prepped lightly​ for the first presidential debate. Now, he's cramming and he's doing it in full public view.
The Republican presidential nominee is working on several new attack lines and themes against Clinton, test-marketing them as they travel from rally to rally. It's all part of an effort to make Clinton's fitness for office – not theirs – the central part of the campaign, reports CBS News correspondent Major Garrett.
Donald Trump planning to prepare more for next debate
“The only people Hillary Clinton ever fights for are the special interests who write checks for them -- big, fat, beautiful checks,” Trump said.
Trump portrayed Hillary Clinton as relentlessly corrupt, alleging pay-for-play schemes while they were secretary of state.
“She put the office of secretary of state up for sale, and if they ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale also,” Trump said.
There's no proof to support Trump's accusations. Still, they began marketing a new catchphrase.
“With them it's about ‘follow the money.' Remember that phrase,” Trump said. “Remember this phrase: Follow the money.”
Trump mocked Clinton's health and their fainting spell -- one the campaign later blamed on pneumonia.
“Day off, day off, day off... all those day-offs and then they can't even make it to their car. Isn't it tough?” Trump said.
In an interview, Trump also waded back into the dustup with former Miss Universe Alicia Machado​ over their post-pageant weight gain, claiming, “I hardly know this person.”
“They know what they're getting into. It's a beauty contest,” Trump told Fox News' Bill O'Reilly in an interview.
This came after Clinton accused Trump of bullying Machado at Monday's debate.
Donald Trump and Alicia Machado's 1997 interview with CBS News
“He called this woman, ‘Miss Piggy,'” they said.
On Wednesday, Trump pointed to the beauty queen's troubled past, and said they were only trying to help.
“But they wanted to fire her, I saved their job, because I said that's going to be ruinous and I've done that with a number of the young ladies where I saved their job,” Trump told​ O'Reilly. “And you know what happened? Look what I get out of it. I get nothing.”
Trump predicted the Machado case could backfire on Clinton. Machado was implicated in a 1997 murder in Venezuela and accused of threatening a judge. Ultimately, charges were never brought on either count.
Trump appears willing to relitigate the Machado saga, even though some post-debate surveys indicate it has damaged their image with women voters.
By Sarah Jaffe
This story is part of Sarah Jaffe's new series, Interviews for Resistance, in which they speak with organizers, troublemakers and thinkers who are doing the hard work of fighting back against America's corporate and political powers.
Last week in Washington, DC, members of American Indian tribes and their supporters demonstrated against the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. The protest was led in part by members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, who have been battling the U.S. government for almost a year over the oil pipeline, which they say will contaminate their drinking water and has destroyed sacred sites in North Dakota.
In this edited interview, Jaffe speaks with Kandi Mossett of the Indigenous Environmental Network about the march last week and what's next in the fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline, as well as other pipeline projects. (The full interview is available in the audio above and online at TruthOut.org). Mossett is a member of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation, which has been active in the Standing Rock protests since August.
Sarah Jaffe: Last week, there was a march on Washington and an encampment. Can you tell us about that?
Kandi Mossett: The Native Nations Rise march came out of the Standing Rock camps and what was happening in North Dakota. When we started planning, we didn't know what was going to happen at the camp—it was prior to the forced removal. But we thought something bad might happen, so we wanted to make sure that we were following up with something positive and with the next steps. Then, the camps were raided and it was a really horrible.
When we were all together in DC last week it was like a family reunion. It really lifted up everyone's spirits because what we did at Standing Rock was much more than just a physical encampment. It has been ongoing for over 500 years. It is about sustainability and not continuing to take from the Earth without ever giving anything back.
We held a four-day event with a tepee encampment that included lobby visits, speaking, panels and performances. We had originally been expecting maybe 500 people to make it to DC for the march. When it was all said and done, there were at least 5,000 people at the march with us on Friday.
It was a great success and it will lead people to protest against all the other pipeline sites. The Dakota Access Pipeline encampment, all of that was a result of the success we had with Keystone XL. We now have Keystone XL back on because of Donald Trump, but people are going back to Keystone XL to continue to fight that.
There are already other camps. There is a camp in South Dakota near the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe. There are people also going to the Two Rivers Camp in Texas to fight against the Trans-Pecos pipeline, which is also owned by Energy Transfer Partners.
To continue to fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline, a lot of people are going to Louisiana, where a camp is being set up against the Bayou Bridge pipeline. That one will connect to the Dakota Access Pipeline in Illinois so that the oil can continue to go down to Port Arthur, Texas, where it will be refined and shipped to foreign markets. It is all part of the same project. A lot of people didn't understand that until they went to DC and made the connection that we need to continue to fight.
In addition, we are arranging toxic tours and having people visit North Dakota to view the Bakken oil shale formation, so they can see where the oil is coming from and help push for more fracking bans and moratoriums.
We have the economy on our side. As we have been saying all along, the price of oil has been dropping. There is going to be a slight increase in 2017, but not what [Energy Transfer Partners] have been touting. For the last two years they have been telling oil industry folks, "Wait until 2017 when everything is going to be great again." We know that is not true.
But we still have to continue to fight back, because there is a massive new shale oil formation that was recently discovered in Texas. While it will take the pressure off of North Dakota, the problem is just going somewhere else. In the big picture, that doesn't help any of us. That is why I really want to go to the Two Rivers Camp in Texas.
We are going to build the Mní Wičóni Sustained Native Community, but we did have a delay with everything that happened. Community members there are really tired of the militarized police force and different non-Bureau of Indian Affairs officers now that are on the reservation because of cross-deputization and jurisdiction. The project is still fully funded and we're continuing to have educational forums about it. It is what we had always talked about, leaving something behind for the Standing Rock community, their children and future generations.
Sarah Jaffe: I want to go back to the forced removal from Standing Rock. A lot of people were closely paying attention around the election and then the election took everybody's attention away, so people don't really know the story of the removal. Could you give us a little bit more background?
Kandi Mossett: What happened was the state waged a really good campaign—for themselves, it wasn't good for us—to cause division between the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the people at the camps. They did that by blocking the bridge on Highway 1806, which caused casino revenue to drop significantly because a lot of people would go from Bismarck down to the Prairie Knights Casino. It also forced ambulances to go around to get up the hospital because they couldn't take Highway 1806 to Bismarck.
Because of the fight at Standing Rock a lot of the hidden racism that was always there in North Dakota—I grew up there, I always experienced it—became more blatant because of the actions that were being done in Bismarck to say, "Look, this is affecting you, too. Of all the people, you in Bismarck should care the most because you didn't want this either." But it pulled out the racism. School children were getting harassed and they actually had to have escorts follow them to their basketball games because whether or not the children said anything about the pipeline fight, they would get harassed by the other kids and their parents.
All of these things were causing further division amongst the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe community and people in the camp. There were a lot of really well-meaning, non-Native people that came to stay in the camp and there were a lot of different things that were happening in the camp … The camp became infiltrated with people that were working for the police, people that were working for the Dakota Access Pipeline and people that were working as private mercenaries. Even right now, there is a "terrorism" FBI task force that is basically harassing some of the water protectors. There are three of us that we know of for sure that are being investigated by the FBI Terrorism Taskforce.
But what the press really glommed onto was "These water protectors are polluting and destroying the river by being there." They took all of the attention away from the fact that there is an oil pipeline with carcinogenic materials running through it and said we were polluting the river. That caused further division that made it really hard for us because it was like, "How can the media twist or spin this any more than they already were before?"
We were cleaning up for two or three weeks and then, when we were forcibly removed, we had to stop because they were like, "Get out of here." Then, they said, "We had to clean this. It is all their fault." It is like, "You forced us out at gunpoint." All of that led up to the police, fully geared up with rifles, machine guns and tanks, that came out against unarmed water protectors. They had made it sound like they were going to find weapons or something. But the Sheriff of Morton County, Kyle Kirchmeier, put out a report that said, "We did not find any weapons in the camp." We thought, "Of course you didn't! We have been saying this all along." On my on Facebook page I was teasing them saying, "Did they find my stash of snowballs?" because that was one of the things they complained about, that people threw snowballs at them with their machine guns pointed at us.
The whole point is that all of this still exists in this country. It really woke up the country. In fact, it woke up the world to see that the U.S. isn't just one almighty entity against the rest of the world but that we are broken down into factions within our own country. It is founded on a legacy of taking, pillaging of native lands for the gain of capitalism and colonization. Other countries were on board with us and were standing with Standing Rock.
How do we continue that fight on? It is to say: No more fossil fuel industry anywhere in the world. Do not allow the U.S. to be the bully it has been. It is really ridiculous that all of these other countries are on board with changing their energy systems and their transportation systems and yet, the U.S. keeps holding on to oil, gas, coal and uranium. It negatively affects other countries because of that need or that greed for the fossil fuel industry.
Sarah Jaffe: How can people keep up with these different camps and with the movement and be supportive?
Kandi Mossett: Even if people can't go to a camp they can support to defund campaign and the divestment campaign. We have DefundDAPL.org, which shows you the 17 banks that are directly funding these projects. No matter who people bank with, we are asking them to take their money out of big banks and put them into their local credit unions to bring power back to their communities and away from corporate interests.
Standing Rock showed people, "Oh, we do actually have a lot of power. We didn't realize it." We are encouraging people to fight against the Trump administration's push for fossil fuel resources. We want people to do that by having community gardens and local community education events on how to live more sustainably. If that means not having strawberries in December, depending on where you live, then so be it. Food sovereignty and transportation systems are all tied into it.
Another layer in addition to doing grassroots work is to get involved in politics. I know that is hard for some people because they hate it. I used to hate politics myself because I felt like politicians didn't represent me. They won't represent you unless you make your voice heard in your town, community and state.
In North Dakota we are battling against all of these ridiculous laws—for example, they are trying to ban wind projects for two years so they can bring back coal projects. I have to talk to my family and say, "Here is a letter for you. Just sign it." You have to do whatever it takes to get people involved and aware of the issues in your own communities. We have to make a political impact. If that is not good enough, then people should run for office if they want to make change.
Interviews for Resistance is a project of Sarah Jaffe, with assistance from Laura Feuillebois and support from the Nation Institute. It is also available as a podcast. Not to be reprinted without permission. Reposted with permission from our media associate BillMoyers.com.
LBJ and Harry Truman at the Medicare signing ceremony, July 30, 1965
LBJ and Harry Truman at the Medicare signing ceremony, July 30, 1965
“The Medicare Hospital Insurance trust fund is projected to be solvent for longer, which is good news for beneficiaries,” said Marilyn Tavenner, who runs the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. “Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, we are taking important steps to improve the delivery of care for seniors with Medicare.” [...] “These reforms aim to reduce spending while improving the quality of care, and are an important down payment on solving Medicare's long term financial issues,” Tavenner said.
These long-run gains are matched by short-term relief: the Trustees also project that the Part B premium will not increase between 2013 and 2014, keeping out-of-pocket costs for beneficiaries down. Medicare cost growth has remained at historically low levels over the past three years even as new benefits for preventive care and prescription drugs have helped tens of millions of beneficiaries access care at lower cost. The law reduces prescription drug costs by closing the donut hole, a policy that has already saved more than 6 million seniors more than $700 each. And more than 32 million seniors have accessed a free preventive service under the law, helping them stay healthy and avoid future illness.
The annual Medicare trustees' report [pdf] has been released, and it reaffirms the various reports we've seen over the last year of health care spending slowing down. The viability of Medicare has been extended by two years, projected to remain fully solvent until 2026; last year's projection was 2024. The extension is attributable to Obamacare, says the Medicare chief In a White House blog post, Jeanne Lambrew, deputy assistant to the president for health policy, and top economic adviser Gene Sperling, add more good news The important political implication out of this is that cuts to Medicare, particularly benefits cuts that have been floated in President Obama's grand bargain offers like increased cost-shifting or an eligibility age increase, are unnecessary and shouldn't be offered up just as bargaining chips. The projected shortfall in Medicare has fallen by almost 70 percent since 2008, and we're on a path that's keeping the program sustainable. Extending Medicare's solvency is critical, but it's happening now without punitive benefits cuts. Making those cuts now, just to cut a deal, wouldn't just be unnecessary, it'd be irresponsible.
According to 'Le Parisien', it will be made official when the league is won
Italian manager Carlo Ancelotti has informed the PSG directors that they intend to leave the club at the end of the season, 'Le Parisien' reports.
"According to members of the board, the Italian coach has decided to leave PSG at the end of the season. They agreed their departure with President Nasser al-Khelaifi in a meeting which took place on Wednesday," states the French newspaper.
According to 'Le Parisien', "News of their exit will not be made official until PSG has clinched the French league title. Ancelotti is close to an agreement with Real Madrid, who they have been in touch with since the autumn, although they also have offers from Manchester City and Arsenal."
Ancelotti arrived at PSG in December 2011. They may be replaced by Arsene Wenger. The PSG owners may hold a meeting with the Arsenal manager in two weeks' time.
BENGHAZI, Libya A force that controls key oil terminals in eastern Libya said it had captured the town of Ben Jawad from Islamic State, pushing the militant group back along a coastal strip they control east of their stronghold of Sirte.
Spokesman Ali al-Hassi said four Petroleum Facilities Guard (PFG) fighters had been killed and 16 wounded in fierce clashes in the coastal town, and that fighting was continuing in the nearby town of Nawfiliyah.
A Ben Jawad resident confirmed to Reuters that PFG forces had entered the town and were combing the area to secure it. If the PFG can hold Ben Jawad it could prove significant, signalling the start of a new front in the campaign against Islamic State.
The PFG has declared its support for Libya's U.N.-backed unity government. Other brigades that back the government advanced last week to the outskirts of Sirte from the west.
"We launched today's attack to purge and liberate the central region from Daesh (Islamic State), and secure this area under the umbrella of the ministry of defence and the Presidential Council, the Supreme Commander of the Libyan army," Hassi said. The Presidential Council is the unity government's leadership.
Western states hope the unity government, which arrived in Tripoli at the end of March, can resolve Libya's political crisis and bring together armed factions to fight Islamic State.
Islamic State took advantage of a security vacuum in Libya to seize control of Sirte last year, extending its presence along about 250 km (155 miles) of coastline either side of the city.
In January the group announced it had established full control over Ben Jawad, about 150 km east of Sirte. It also attacked the oil terminals of Es Sider and Ras Lanuf, situated a little further east, clashing with the PFG and causing extensive damage.
Libya's unity government is designed to replace two rival administrations that competed for power from Tripoli and eastern Libya, both backed by loose alliances of armed brigades.
But the new government has struggled to win support in the east, where it is still seeking formal backing from the internationally recognised parliament.
Khalifa Haftar, the commander of forces loyal to the eastern government, has so far rejected the Presidential Council and has announced a separate campaign to capture Sirte. Their forces have been mobilising close to PFG-controlled territory, but have not so far moved decisively towards the west.
PFG commander Ibrahim Jathran was previously aligned with eastern factions, before switching their allegiances. Jathran has said they are willing to work with the unity government and reopen oil terminals that the PFG has long blockaded.
(Reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Java + the leap second that occurs every 18 months = pain. Not that Debian Squeeze is that much better, though. The patch was provided a few months in advance, but most vendors package a custom java version that doesn't include that fix.
It starts with entries in your logs that are similar to these.
Clock: inserting leap second 23:59:60 UTC
And after that, your Java processes eat up more and more CPU causing a continued rise of system load, usually until things just come to a halt.
The fix is something like this.
$ /etc/init.d/ntpd stop $ date -s "`date`"
Why does this work, you may wonder?
It seems that the bug in the leap second code caused a glitch in how the time is to be changed on the server. It's missing a vital function call that 'unblocks' the time.
By setting the date again with the command above, even to the very same value as it already is, the correct routine is executed and the 'lock' is released -- causing all programs depending on that to continue working at their normal processing load.
The discussion at lkml.org is also interesting to follow. You may want to start your ntpd the next day or so, just to be sure.
Less than a month after its investors backed out, Team Ember has sold its League Challenger Series spot to Team Nova, sources close to both organizations tell ESPN. The sale has been verbally agreed to by both parties and will be finalized in the coming weeks.
That spot will automatically gain the new Nova team entry to the North American Challenger Series. Ember failed to qualify for the League Championship Series after falling to Team Dragon Knights in the NACS semifinals. Editor's Picks Cloud9 makes offer to NRG for Impact, Impact interested sources say After a middle-of-the-road spring split with NRG, top-laner Impact is reportedly exploring their options with Cloud9.
Aphromoo: "I said Stixxay would be better than Doublelift by the end of the year. It happened halfway through the year." After winning back-to-back NA LCS championships, Aphromoo and Stixxay were all smiles as they talked with Tyler "Fionn" Erzberger about besting their rivals, Team SoloMid.
Esports in the Olympics by 2020? It could happen The International e-Sports Federation has been working with the International Olympic Committee to figure out how esports can get into the Olympics. 2 Related
This will be Team Nova's second foray into the League of Legends scene, with its first occurring just over a month ago. The team is owned by Flood Gaming, an esports-centric talent agency focused on representing brands and streamers. The organization was formerly located in Las Vegas. Its owner and founder is David Goldberg, formerly of insurance company American International Group (AIG) and JP Morgan Chase & Co.
"I was in the middle of conducting a search for a new role, when Flood's lead investor, who I've known for over 10 years, approached me with an idea to build a business within the esports space," Goldberg told Inc. in an interview last year about Flood Gaming. "The original idea was for me to operate the business until I found my next job in finance (and then hire someone else to run it). But after several months of working on it, I decided it was the right time in my life to take a risk (and also a break from the financial sector)."
The original Nova team consisted of European top laner Olof "Flaxxish" Medin, Ember jungler Juan "Contractz" Arturo Garcia, Enemy mid laner Michael "Wolfe" Taylor, former Also Known As AD carry Samuel "Rikara" Oh, and former Ember support William "Stunt" Chen.
While the roster for the new team has yet to be finalized, sources suggest that Contractz, Rikara and Stunt will all be involved. As for Flaxxish, they announced on Twitter that they had been released by the organization because of its new venture:
Not contracted anymore, got my P1 5 year visa. Open for any offers - OLOF (@flaxxish) April 18, 2016
Long story LOL but in short investors pulled out or well they bought another team and at first i was gonna be in it then they decided not to - OLOF (@flaxxish) April 18, 2016
Team Ember first entered financial straits after its investors, a group by the name of Signia Venture Partners, dropped the funding for the project. That led the team to drop all of its players, except for Contractz, on March 21, as reported by the Daily Dot. It then began to look for interested buyers in the Challenger spot.
The new Nova team will join Team Dignitas, Team Dragon Knights and Team Liquid Academy, each which requalified for the series through the 2016 Spring League Championship Series promotion tournament or through its placement in the Challenger split beforehand. Rounding out the series will be two teams that make it via a qualifier for the spots currently held by Dream Team and Enemy, which is also looking to sell its spot, as reported by ESPN.
- A man is accused of terrorizing a woman by brandishing two firearms, shooting one of the guns and killing the woman's dog with a pipe after a verbal altercation, according to a Rome police report obtained by FOX 5.
Benjamin David Flores was arrested after causing property damage in excess of $1,000, including damaging electronics, antiques and knocking holes in the wall, according to the police report.
The report also claims that Flores intentionally killed the victim's dog by striking it several times with a metal pipe on April 20.
When officers arrived on the scene, the police report says that Flores exited the residence in a "very menacing manner" before yelling something obscene at officers and demanding to be arrested.
The incident occurred on Monday, and Flores was charged with felony aggravated assault, misdemeanor reckless conduct, felony criminal damage, felony possession of a firearm in the commission of a crime, felony cruelty to animals, felony terroristic threats, and misdemeanor solicitation of sodomy, according to the police report.
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said “most people know why” Colin Kaepernick is still unsigned this late in the off-season, suggesting the free-agent quarterback has been excluded from the NFL due to their views on race and politics.
“I think the league is built on middle America, and most of the middle of America is predominantly a white crowd,” Bennett said on Wednesday. “That's just the truth of it. I think race is not something that the NFL wants to be a part of or get behind. But the league is predominantly African-American.
Craig Hodges: 'Jordan didn't speak out because they didn't know what to say' Read more
“So the issue that he's dealing with is what we're all dealing with. We all come from the inner city or we've been a part of communities where we felt like we've been judged because of the color of our skin or who we like or if a woman – any issue to deal with. We've all been dealing with it with someone in our family.”
Bennett's Seahawks were the lone NFL team who brought in Kaepernick for a workout as one of several candidates in their search for a back-up for incumbent starter Russell Wilson, a job that ultimately went to journeyman Austin Davis.
“Obviously, there's the elephant in the room why Kaepernick isn't signed, and most people know why,” Bennett said. “I've said this several times, and I'm not afraid to say it: I think race and politics in sports is something people don't want to hear about, nor do people want to be a part of.”
Seattle coach Pete Carroll said their decision to pass on signing Kaepernick had to do with the quarterback's belief that he's still worthy of a starting position.
“If [Carroll] feels that this is not the right situation because we have a starting quarterback, then that's their choice,” Bennett said. “I think he's able to have that choice because he's shown that he's of a winning pedigree. They want to make sure they don't have that competition behind their quarterback. I think it's justifiable.”
Kaepernick completed 59.2% of their passes, averaged 6.8 yards per attempt and threw 16 touchdowns with four interceptions in 12 games for the 49ers last season. But their refusal to stand for the national anthem in protest of police brutality and racial injustice became a far bigger story than their on-field performance. They have said they will stand for the anthem next year since their objective for the protest, to start a nationwide debate, has largely been achieved.
Bennett also revealed on Wednesday that they have been writing a book, titled Things That Make White People Uncomfortable. “I think the title is just a title to start a conversation so people want to read it,” Bennett said. “The book I'm focusing on is issues that I see that are important in America, and they are my views and opinion.”
The New York Times Editorial Board expounds about today's shooting of Republican Congressmen by a Trump-hating lefty:
Was this attack evidence of how vicious American politics has become? Probably. In 2011, when Jared Lee Loughner opened fire in a supermarket parking lot, grievously wounding Representative Gabby Giffords and killing six people, including a 9-year-old girl, the link to political incitement was clear. Before the shooting, Sarah Palin's political action committee circulated a map of targeted electoral districts that put Ms. Giffords and 19 other Democrats under stylized cross hairs. Conservatives and right-wing media were quick on Wednesday to demand forceful condemnation of hate speech and crimes by anti-Trump liberals. They're right. Though there's no sign of incitement as direct as in the Giffords attack, liberals should of course hold themselves to the same standard of decency that they ask of the right.
Jeez … talk about believing your own propaganda …
The paranoid schizophrenic guy who shot poor Rep. Giffords, who somehow has survived, was not motivated by Sarah Palin.
That's just plain embarrassing.
It's worth noting that the NYT heavily invested in its obsession that the apolitical nut who hated Giffords for personal reasons was actually motivated by the Tea Party, Sarah Palin, and anti-immigrationism, returning to that disproven theme even a year after the shooting. In contrast, Mother Jones did a far better job of showing how normal ideological politics had virtually nothing to do with the maniac's motivation, as I recount here.
By the way, here's another lethal case of Trump Derangement Syndrome that got virtually no national coverage. From the Ithaca [N.Y.] Voice:
No Gmail?! It hardly bears thinking about ...
Don't get me wrong, Google sails a mighty fine ship and Gmail is an impressive achievement but should anything ever go wrong with your Gmail account you could find yourself in a world of problems. Say, for example, a hacker guesses your password, gets into your account, and starts sending spam. Eventually, if the hacker is ambitious and spams enough, your account will get suspended and you will have all sorts of problems getting your account back (should you doubt this, just search Google; a lot of people have gone through this agony).
One of the best ways of preventing a hacker from accessing your digital assets on Google is to enable Two Factor Verification which, while it's a bit of a drag to set up and occasionally have to deal with, it is worth every second you spend on it … think of it as digital security belt and braces.
Even then, I don't trust Google to never, ever have a problem; Google's good but only the superhuman can be perfect and I haven't noticed an "S" on Sergey's chest. As a result I back up my Gmail account so that I have a safe and secure local archive and to do this I use Gmail Backup.
Gmail Backup is a simple, free, open source tool written in Python and available for OS X, Linux, and Windows. It's not a big program and takes hardly any time to install; just make sure that the directory you select to store the messages is writable. The latest release is, as of writing, version 0.107 dated February 20, 2009.
Mark Gibbs Gmail Backup in operation
To use Gmail Backup you need to make sure IMAP is enabled in your Gmail account and, if you're using the Gmail Labs, make sure that you have enabled IMAP access for the “All Mails” folder. You then enter your credentials in Gmail Backup and wait; you're likely to see data rates of around 25KB/s so you're in for a long wait if, like me, you have accumulated a serious amount of email. After one hour of run 9,700 messages totaling 173MB had been downloaded into 105 folders; an estimated 3.3% of my total saved messages.
At the end of a successful run Gmail Backup will have created a folder for each year and within those, a folder for each month all under the chosen archive subdirectory. To backup only the newest messages (those that have accumulated since your last backup) you can set “Before” and “Since” dates.
That's it. You can also use the downloaded email to migrate to another account using the Restore feature and run the application from the command line (which also allows you to specify the switch “clear” which permanently deletes the messages).
So, before Gmail for whatever reason barfs and ruins your life, use Gmail Backup to make a backup at least every week ... although just imagine how many important messages could go missing in seven whole days! Or even a day ... it really does hardly bear thinking about.
University of Alabama climatologists have released the newest version of their satellite temperature datasets. Interestingly enough, the updated satellite data came with a surprise: it lowered the Earth's warming trend.
Version 6 of the satellite data shows faster warming in the early part of the satellite record, which stretches from Dec. 1978 to March. 2015, but shows reduced, or even eliminated, warming in the latter part of the record, wrote climatologists Roy Spencer, John Christy and William Braswell. UAH Version 6 satellite data now shows a decreased warming trend of 0.114 degrees Celsius per decade, compared to Version 5.6's 0.140 degree trend.
This includes a decrease in the warming trend for the U.S. since the late 1970s. Spencer, Christy and Brasell noted that the U.S. “trend decreased from +0.23 to +0.17 C/decade” and the “Arctic region changed from +0.43 to +0.23 C/decade.”
“Near-zero trends exist in the region around Antarctica,” according to the UAH scientists.
“Note that in the early part of the record, Version 6 has somewhat faster warming than in Version 5.6, but then the latter part of the record has reduced (or even eliminated) warming, producing results closer to the behavior of the [Remote Sensing Systems] satellite dataset,” the scientists wrote.
“This is partly due to our new diurnal drift adjustment, especially for the NOAA-15 satellite,” the scientists added. “Even though our approach to that adjustment (described later) is empirical, it is interesting to see that it gives similar results to the RSS approach, which is based upon climate model calculations of the diurnal cycle in temperature.
Version 6 also shows that land areas have warmed faster than ocean areas. Land areas have warmed at a rate of 0.19 degrees Celsius per decade while ocean areas have only warmed at 0.08 degrees per decade — both of these, however, are below warming trends shown by surface thermometer data.
The updated UAH satellite temperature data comes as scientists are looking into allegations of data tampering by government climate agencies, like NASA and NOAA. Scientists skeptical of human-made global warming argue that data adjustments made by climate agencies may not be scientifically justified.
“Many people have found the extent of adjustments to the data surprising,” Terence Kealey, former vice-chancellor of the University of Buckingham, said in a statement released by The Global Warming Policy Foundation.
Skeptics argue that NOAA, for example, makes adjustments that artificially cool past temperature data while warming more recent records. This creates a significantly bigger warming trend than is borne out in the raw temperature data, argue skeptics.
“While we believe that the 20th century warming is real, we are concerned by claims that the actual trend is different from – or less certain than – has been suggested,” said Kealey, who has been appointed chairperson of the foundation's investigative task force. “We hope to perform a valuable public service by getting everything out into the open.”
NOAA justifies these adjustments by saying they are necessary to correct for “biases” in the raw data. Corrections made by NOAA help make the data more accurate, they argue. NOAA's temperature readings are based on surface thermometers from weather stations, buoys and such.
Spencer themselves has questioned climate data adjustments made by NOAA, but acknowledges adjustments to raw data (whether from weather stations or satellites) are necessary for accuracy. That is, if the problem can be proven to exist.
“Being the co-developer of a climate dataset (UAH satellite temperatures) I understand the need to make adjustments for known errors in the data … when you can quantitatively demonstrate an error exists,” Spencer wrote in March.
“But a variety of errors in data measurement and collection would typically have both positive and negative signs,” Spencer and their colleagues wrote. “In contrast, the thermometer data apparently need to be adjusted in such a way that almost always leads to greater and greater warming trends.”
Satellite data also needs adjustments, hence the recent update. For example, satellites need to be recalibrated, their orbits change, and they experience channel failures. This also means software and methodology updates as well.
“After 25 years of producing the UAH datasets, the reasons for reprocessing are many,” the scientists wrote. “That is no longer possible, and an explicit correction for diurnal drift is now necessary. The correction for diurnal drift is difficult to do well, and we have been committed to it being empirically–based, partly to provide an alternative to the RSS satellite dataset which uses a climate model for the diurnal drift adjustment.”
Follow Michael on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Hiroyuki Itoh would like to explain himself.
As the CEO of Crypton Future Media, the parent company of "virtual idol" Hatsune Miku, Itoh sits in the driver's seat of a very crowded pop-culture bandwagon. And before everyone gets too excited, they want people to understand what this bandwagon is about.
"Hatsune Miku is a [piece of] software," they say, "built on the Vocaloid technology developed by Yamaha. [Vocaloid] is an engine that produces a singing sound, and we obtained a license from Yamaha to develop products based on that."
In other words, declaring oneself a fan of Miku is like being a fan of the Korg Triton keyboard, or the Fender Stratocaster guitar. You're rooting for a musical instrument—one that must be installed on a PC, and comes in a box with an anime-styled illustration on it, but still, an instrument. And the Vocaloid brand name itself doesn't refer specifically to Miku and their colorful friends, but rather, to the sound synthesis engine they run on. Taken literally, being "a fan of Vocaloid" is like being a fan of a particular brand of guitar strings.
But who cares about playing semantic games? As with any emergent subculture, words have a way of taking on their own meaning. These days, "Vocaloid" refers to the entire meta-verse that has blossomed from that one innovation. Vocaloid is the infinite repertoire of songs created by home-studio producers using that software; Vocaloid is the gallery of images and videos that go with each song; Vocaloid is every meme and storyline spawned by those images; Vocaloid is the family of characters representing each particular voice bank; and as anyone who attended Anime Expo will tell you, Vocaloid is the fanbase dressing up as those characters in all their variations.
It is a viral effect that has surprised even Wataru Sasaki, Crypton's marketing director. They say that they are struck by "the way it's being utilized through video-sharing sites like YouTube and NicoNico. It's spreading among peers through these sites—really, word of mouth. It's become popular in various countries [in such ways that] there really haven't been any prior examples." In a world where most mainstream entertainment is still run by a heavy corporate hand, the self-propelling nature of Vocaloid has turned everything upside-down.
"In a way, it's been a struggle to find out how to best work with such phenomena," says Sasaki. "We believe that it's best to get feedback from fans about ... how best to handle things, how to do what's best for the fanbase. We're not in a hurry to make money on this."
Left: Hiroyuki Itoh. Right: Wataru Sasaki.
Crypton was founded in 1995, a time when even MP3 was still an infant technology, YouTube was a decade away, and the idea of anthropomorphizing everything with cute anime girls was yet to take off. "Our goal was not originally to work with Vocaloid or to create a [voice synthesis] software," says Itoh. "Crypton was set up as a company that works with sound in general—any software that has to do with sound."
If Itoh is jokingly called "Miku's father," then their grandparents are the folks at Yamaha, who unveiled the original Vocaloid engine in 2003. "We knew that such a technology existed, and wondered if there was anything we could do with that," says Itoh about the early years. "We already had an existing relationship with Yamaha, so we were able to contact them and create a product out of it."
But it's not as if Miku just descended from the heavens as a fully formed synthesized singing angel. I roots can be traced back to some very humble forms of sound technology, as Itoh explains. "In Japan, [voice synthesis] software is reasonably popular and is used in places such as train stations, where trains may be announced, or [on board] when the train station is being called. Telephones might have an answering system that is driven by Vocaloid." (Imagine that: one of Miku's relatives is the dreaded robo-phone that works the customer service hotline.)
"At first, there was no software that worked with a [synthesized] singing voice," Itoh continues. "I wasn't sure how much need there was for such a software. Or, for that matter, what merit there would be in creating a software that could make a PC sing."
It was that uncertainty that guided Itoh's next move—ultimately one of the smartest moves in Crypton's history. "In 2004, I created our first [Vocaloid] software, Meiko, and attached a cartoon character to it. I did that because a software that [simulates] a person singing is not an essential need to human beings. I figured, in order for it to appeal to people and be loved by people, it needed to have a human touch, and something like a cartoon character was the right tool for that. It had a reasonable amount of success, and of course that led up to the concept of Hatsune Miku."
And everyone knows what happened next.
Maybe the secret of Hiroyuki Itoh's success is that, as Crypton's founder, they are a more business person than a music, sound engineering, or even software person. Itoh laughs when asked if they are a musician at all (he's not), then admits that they majored in Economics. "Nothing to do with sound," they say. "I guess that, in successfully marketing Vocaloid, I did use some of the skills I learned."
At their keynote speech on Day 1 of Anime Expo, Itoh puts on their business person hat as they break out a formal slideshow presentation about Hatsune Miku and the cult of Vocaloid. They provide the customary rundown about who they are and what their company does, then goes over the list of official Crypton-produced Vocaloid "characters" (or, to be technically correct, software packages).
Hatsune Miku, the eternal 16-year-old born on August 31, 2007, remains the star of the show to this day. Second to them in popularity are the Kagamine twins, Rin and Len, whose distinctive yellow trim and boy/girl pairing are almost as ubiquitous as Miku's green-and-gray on the cosplay circuit. But the most versatile voice, from a music producer's perspective, is that of Megurine Luka, a 2009 product who boasts a deeper range and the ability to "sing" in both Japanese and English. Some fans also wave an old-school flag for Meiko and Kaito, whose voices were built on an earlier generation of Vocaloid technology but are still core members of the Crypton family.
Non-Crypton Vocaloid characters have also entered the subculture, such as Megpoid, based on voice samples of seiyuu Megumi Nakajima and modeled after Macross F's Ranka Lee, and Gackpoid, built on the voice of J-rock superstar Gackt. Other enterprising souls have even developed an open-source synthesis engine called Utauloid (from the Japanese word utau, "to sing"), the most famous of which is the pink-and-curly-haired Kasane Teto.
It may feel strange at first to talk about music software packages as if they were real people. But just as Itoh predicted when they first created them, that's exactly what has made them so appealing. The inspiration that these characters provide has resulted in 366,000 Vocaloid-related videos on YouTube and 92,600 such videos on NicoNico, a statistic that Itoh proudly shows off in their presentation.
The Piapro collaboration workflow.
Then there is the multimedia spillover that has resulted from this growing meta-genre. The Crypton-owned website Piapro (an abbreviation for "Peer Production"), features over 450,000 Vocaloid-inspired creations in word, sound, and image. Even more remarkable is how creators inspire each other: under a shared-content policy, one Piapro user might produce a song, then another will listen to it and draw an accompanying illustration, and yet another might run with the concept and produce a short animated video. All that matters is that the originator is properly credited under the site's rules.
Some Vocaloid fans have even gone beyond the realm of the arts and into feats of engineering. The most well-known of these is MikuMikuDance, a 3D animation program where a Hatsune Miku character model—or any character model, really—can be made to lip-sync and dance to a given song. More subtle in scope is VocaListener, which analyzes input from a real human singer, then automatically adjusts the settings in the Vocaloid program to match that voice. Even offhanded flights of imagination can become reality: an odd-looking touchscreen keyboard nicknamed "Ano Gakki" ("That Instrument"), which was featured in the Hatsune Miku video for "Innocence," has been replicated as a real working instrument. (A less ambitious version can also be downloaded as a smartphone app.)
What this all means is that there is a bustling creative ecosystem run almost entirely by the fans. Ultimately, that may be Crypton's greatest gift to the world: not Hatsune Miku or the Vocaloid software itself, but the way in which it is used. An entire form of entertainment has been built not by corporate overlords, but by its consumers. The corporation is only there to give them a few tools and rules, then they sit back and see what happens next.
The Crypton/Vocaloid ecosystem.
Still, there are a number of corporate-sponsored events that make the Vocaloid experience come alive. This year, Anime Expo played host to Mikunopolis, the first ever "live Vocaloid concert" outside of Japan. It is nothing more (and nothing less) than CGI animation projected onto a clear screen on stage, but with a good viewing angle and a healthy suspension of disbelief, the illusion is still impressive. Even more impressive is that every song on the setlist was, obviously, fan-made—not a product churned out by songwriters slaving away in Crypton's basement, but the creations of genuine musicians expressing themselves through the Vocaloid medium.
However, the concert also revealed what limitations remain. The magic of Miku stops working outside of about 40 degrees in each direction. Sometimes the vocals, unable to adjust, get lost under live instrumental accompaniment. And for all the innovations in voice-synthesis technology, those with more sensitive ears feel that Miku still sounds like a robotic squirrel being strangled. But what is it they say about real-life idol singers in Japan? "Idols are perfect because they are imperfect." It is those imperfections that make Miku so fascinating: an ongoing work-in-progress that everyone can get involved with.
Who knows what the future holds? Crypton has already promised us that an English version of the Hatsune Miku software is on its way, while a new and improved Vocaloid engine is under development in Japan. That will mean a new cast of characters, including a voice bank that can even sing in Korean. Crypton's original Vocaloid line continues to evolve with "Append" add-ons that bring new tone colors to their voices. And somewhere, unknown to any of us, some mad genius is probably working on an idea that will change the world of Vocaloid forever.
As many people know, the name "Hatsune Miku" is a pun on "the first sound of the future." But as the Vocaloid culture expands, the name is becoming increasingly inaccurate.  They are no longer the sound of the future.  They are the sound of right now.
Cleveland deployed overwhelming security Sunday, bracing for possible unrest as delegates poured into town for the Republican National Convention that will anoint Donald Trump as the party's US presidential nominee.
The killing of three police officers Sunday in Baton Rouge, Louisiana only added to the tensions in Cleveland, where law enforcement agencies have thrown a ring of steel around downtown and anti-Trump demonstrators began marching toward the convention site.
President Barack Obama urged calm.
"I know we're about to enter a couple of weeks of conventions where our political rhetoric tends to be more overheated than usual," they told reporters at the White House.
"And that is why it is so important that everyone... right now focus on words and actions that can unite this country rather than divide it further. We don't need inflammatory rhetoric. We don't need careless accusations thrown around to score political points or to advance an agenda."
Authorities have erected eight-foot-tall (2.5-meter) metal fencing around Quicken Loans Arena, closed off streets and deployed thousands of armed police officers.
The four-day political jamboree, which begins Monday, will see the bombastic billionaire secure the nomination for the Party of Lincoln after a thumping primary victory that confounded the US establishment.
Roads in the Ohio city are lined with concrete barriers and helicopters patrol overhead, as light aircraft, paid for by sponsors, trail anti-Hillary Clinton slogans.
Law enforcement is on edge, braced for protests by demonstrators enraged by Trump's divisive presidential campaign and preparing for the worst after anti-police violence erupted in Louisiana.
"We are TRYING to fight ISIS (the so-called Islamic State extremist group), and now our own people are killing our police," Trump tweeted shortly after the shooting.
"Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching."
They later posted a more tempered message on Facebook.
US authorities have been on alert since a gunman intent on killing white police officers went on a rampage and shot five Dallas officers dead earlier this month.
Cleveland, a Midwestern city of nearly 400,000, has taken out $50 million in protest insurance, and Ohio's open-carry law that allows people with proper permits to carry a loaded weapon on the streets, has inflamed fears of violence.
"We have policies in place for mass arrests through our prosecutor's office, our clerk's office and our court system," Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams told reporters.
Williams said barricades had also been erected downtown to thwart any potential terror attack after a truck bomber killed 84 people in the French city of Nice on Thursday.
"We use blocking vehicles, we use concrete barriers and things like that at positions that we think may be vulnerable to attacks like that which happened in Nice," they said.
'Declare war against ISIS'
Trump, a New York tycoon who has never held elected office and who opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq, vowed in their latest interview to wage war against IS.
"We're going to declare war against ISIS. We have to wipe out ISIS," they told CBS in excerpts aired on the eve of the convention, which will culminate with a Trump speech accepting the nomination on Thursday.
Trump made the remarks in their first joint interview with their pick for vice president, Indiana's conservative governor Mike Pence, an evangelical Catholic.
Trump's choice of Pence, announced Friday, has been welcomed by 61 percent of Republicans and conservatives in critical battlegrounds, states likely to decide the November election, according to a CBS News poll.
The survey found that these voters believe Pence brings stability to the ticket and will boost Trump's chances of defeating Clinton. Pence, however, is not well known beyond the party rank and file.
Critics and protests
Trump faces a herculean task to win over legions of critics.
Their salty rhetoric and populist message have outraged many conservatives, raising fears they have fanned a racial backlash and prompting a battle for the soul of the Republican Party.
Unusually, the Cleveland convention features no former presidents, few party luminaries and only a smattering of elected officials. Instead, it is expected to hand a starring role to Trump's family to make their case.
The first major anti-Trump protest kicked off Sunday, drawing about 200 demonstrators .
"There is a real tension at the moment in the city and in Ohio in general," said student Charlie Michel, 22.
"We are rejecting the invasion of the GOP and their racist ideology."
Another "Stop Trump" march has been permitted by the city for noon on Monday, just hours before the convention opens.
The US homeland security secretary, Jeh Johnson, told Congress last week that they were concerned about demonstrations getting out of hand.
"We have absolutely no idea what to predict," said Shanna Merola, who works for the National Lawyers Guild, which is training volunteer observers to monitor interactions between police and protesters.
IT engineer Steve Thacker, 57, slung their AR-15-type semi-automatic rifle over their shoulder as they spoke to reporters about the need to protect gun rights enshrined in the US Constitution.
US political conventions, quadrennial affairs, are designed to bring a party together, formally select its presidential nominee and catapult the candidate and party toward November's election.
HARWICH - The weak dollar has had little impact on the rapid rise in energy prices, Eric S. Rosengren, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston said yesterday.
Although the decline in the dollar against other currencies has been a popular explanation for oil's record run, Rosengren said data show the increases in oil prices have far outstripped the pace of the dollar's decline. In the past year, the dollar has declined 13.6 percent against the euro, while a barrel of crude oil was priced at $131.31 yesterday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up 99 percent from a year ago.
Oil trades in dollars. Many analysts say when the dollar loses value, it prompts producers to demand higher prices to offset the loss. The weaker dollar also raises demand from buyers who hold stronger currencies and investors seeking a hedge against inflation, analysts say.
But correlating oil prices with the dollar's value against other currencies shows "the cumulative change in the exchange rate pales in comparison to the enormous run-up in oil prices," Rosengren said. "In other words, the exchange rate cannot explain more than a very small fraction of the change in the dollar price of oil."
Rosengren's remarks, made at a Boston Fed conference here, rebut arguments that the Federal Reserve's aggressive interest rate cuts of the past several months have spurred record oil and commodity prices by weakening the dollar. The dollar falls when US interest rates are low because investors seek denominations with higher rates and hence higher returns.
The Fed is widely expected to stop cutting interest rates when it meets this month. Few economists, however, expect the Fed to start raising rates to fight inflation anytime soon because the economy remains weak.
Lower interest rates boost the economy by encouraging borrowing and spending. Higher interest rates, in turn, cool borrowing and spending when demand begins to push up prices too quickly.
Despite soaring energy prices, Rosengren suggested the Fed need not rush to boost interest rates. They said research at the Boston Fed shows high oil prices are not sparking broad-based inflation.
"Even if oil prices do continue to rise much faster than the US core inflation for an extended period," they said, "the experience of the past 20 years indicates that there is a relatively low correlation between oil price movements and underlying core rate of inflation."
Rosengren doesn't currently sit on the Fed's interest rate committee. Eleven Federal Reserve Bank presidents rotate among four seats on panel. As a member last year, Rosengren supported aggressive interest rate cuts to boost the struggling economy.
The Boston Fed holds its conference every year, attracting academic and business economists to share research on a variety of topics. This year, the conference is examining the relationship between unemployment and inflation.
Rosengren said economists, researchers, and policymakers need to gain a better understanding of how so-called supply shocks that send energy and food prices soaring affect inflation long-term.
That question is critical for Fed policymakers. The Fed finds itself in a tricky position: If it raises interest rates to fight inflation, it risks worsening the current economic downturn. But if it leaves interest rates too low for too long, it could spark a period of high, persistent inflation.
Among the issues economists must consider is whether to craft policies based on total inflation, or so-called core or underlying inflation, which excludes food and energy prices. For the most part, policymakers focus on core inflation, believing short-term swings in food and energy have little impact on long-term inflation.
Some economists, however, argue that higher food and energy prices are here to stay as rising global demand pressures supplies, changing inflation dynamics.
Historically, Rosengren noted, market forces have eventually reined in high oil prices as supplies rose, demand fell, and technological improvements were introduced. "That said, it seems to be taking quite a long time to date for the long-run supply and demand influences to rein in oil prices," they said. "You might say the short-run is getting longer every day."
Robert Gavin can be reached at rgavin@globe.com.
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company.
• Manchester derby is third match drawn • Non-league Tamworth will go to Everton
The draw for the third round of the FA Cup has been made at Wembley. Manchester City, the holders, have been drawn at home to Manchester United.
Other highlights of the draw include Arsenal against Leeds and non-league Tamworth playing away to Everton. Chelsea have drawn Portsmouth at home, Tottenham will play Cheltenham at home and Liverpool will be at home to Southend or Oldham. Stoke, last year's beaten finalists, will play away at Gillingham.
The matches will be played on the weekend of 7 and 8 January.
FA Cup third round
Middlesbrough v Shrewsbury
Nottingham Forest v Leicester City
Manchester City v Manchester United
Dagenham & Redbridge or Walsall v Millwall
Crawley v Bristol City
Doncaster v Notts County
Bristol Rovers v Aston Villa
Tottenham Hotspur v Cheltenham
Sheffield Wednesday v West Ham United
Milton Keynes Dons v QPR
Hull City v Ipswich
Coventry v Southampton
Brighton & Hove Albion v Wrexham
Fulham v Charlton
Birmingham v Wolves
Norwich v Burnley
Arsenal v Leeds
Derby v Crystal Palace
Fleetwood or Yeovil v Blackpool
Swindon v Wigan
Barnsley v Swansea
Chelmsford or Macclesfield v Bolton
Newcastle v Blackburn
Everton v Tamworth
Sheffield United v Salisbury or Grimsby
Liverpool v Southend or Oldham
Gillingham v Stoke
Chelsea v Portsmouth
Watford v Bradford
Peterborough v Sunderland
West Brom v Cardiff
Reading v Stevenage
“I saw the angel in the stone and I carved until I set it free.” – Michelangelo (1475 – 1564)
The biblical David was no angel. They were a shepherd, poet, musician, giant-slayer, king of the Israelites, and the kind of man who arranged the murder of their lover's husband. They were also the subject of one of the most beautiful and interesting sculptures in the world.
In 1464, Agostino di Duccio (1418 – 1481) was commissioned to create a statue of David to adorn the Florence Cathedral. Statues of Joshua and Hercules had already been carved as part of a plan to honor 12 Old Testament figures on the cathedral. A single, huge block of marble weighing over six tons was brought to Florence for the project, but after some preliminary work on the feet and legs, Agostino quit. Antonio Rossellino (1427 – 1479) was brought in by 1475, but also soon gave up on the project, deeming the rock too imperfect to work with.
For the next 26 years, the unmanageable block sat in the cathedral's workshop with David's exquisite form entombed inside of it. Finally, in 1500, the decision was made to find an artist who could free David from the marble. Leonardo da Vinci (1452 – 1519) was brought in, as well as other leading Florentine figures, but the commission was ultimately given to the 26-year-old Michelangelo Buonarroti.
Michelangelo found a different David inside the stone than any artist before him. This David was no warrior that stood over the body of their slain enemy. This David still carried in their oversized hand the rock that would kill the giant - their posture coiled for the attack, torso twisted in anticipation of its impossible task. This David's eyes glared at the target under their furrowed brow.
Every inch of Michelangelo's towering 17-foot David is a mini-masterpiece, from the veins that bulge on their hand and neck, to the ornate curls of their pubic hair. It took four days to move the finished work from the sculptor's workshop to the entrance of the Palazzo Vecchio where it was installed in June of 1504. Michelangelo was already famous for their Pieta (1499), which they had completed five years earlier, but the David cemented their reputation as a master sculptor.
In the 16th century, Giorgio Vasari (1511 – 1574) wrote:
“When all was finished, it cannot be denied that this work has carried off the palm from all other statues, modern or ancient, Greek or Latin; no other artwork is equal to it in any respect, with such just proportion, beauty and excellence did Michelangelo finish it."
Forget the buzz when there is so much heat coming down from the fuzz.
A law enforcement hat trick? A cannabis tri-fecta? Three times unlucky?
Call it what you want but a third raid of the infamous marijuana shop at 461 Church St. Monday has proven all too much for some of the Village Cannabis Dispensary employees, including one of its managers.
“This is my last shift,” bewildered shop manager Mark Harrison said Wednesday. “They win.”
The sight of cops coming through the door to confiscate their marijuana and money, as well as charging staff members, is starting to work.
“I just don't want to get charged,” said Harrison.
He's not alone. Many staff members at the store originally called Cannabis Culture have also quit. The breaking point came Monday.
“Police came in and took all of the product and money,” said Harrison. “They also wanted to take the safe with them out the back door but we managed to get it open for them.”
Still, with a fellow manager and a staffer being charged Monday, it was hitting to close to home.
Daniella Crisostomo, 21, was charged with trafficking marijuana and being in possession of the proceeds of crime under $5,000. They have a court date a date to be fingerprinted just 15 months before pot becomes legal.
“It's just not worth it,” said Harrison.
Ironically, however, despite the effort to force the closure, the store's business is booming — up to 2,000 customers a day.
But the writing is on the wall. The marijuana industrial complex does not want shops like this to exist as Canada heads toward pot legalization in July 2018.
Staff is gearing up for what they believe will be another raid on April 18, just two days before the annual 4/20 pot freedom day.
Time will tell what Ontario's model will look like after legalization, but the idea of all the pot being grown and marketed by either big business or through government stores is not sitting well with marijuana enthusiasts.
What should happen is the development of a craft industry — like what has happened with breweries and wineries — which would allow people like Marc and Jodie Emery to have at least a small piece of what they have been fighting for.
And people like Harrison.
One idea being floated is the creation of a Cannabis Control Board that will act as custodian of all legal marijuana in Ontario.
“It makes sense because this has got to be done safely and priced appropriately in the interest of the health of Ontarians and to ensure it keeps the black market from prospering,” said OPSEU President Smokey Thomas.
They could also put 80 “mom and pop” pot shop licences up for grabs in a lottery that would service craft markets to avoid the appearance of Liberal friends feasting on what in essence is a monopoly.
Harrison believes all of this will happen.
“I would like to get one of those. I want to be legitimate,” they said. “The government will vet the people applying for those very closely and you will have to be as clean as a whistle.”
They survived three raids at their store but is not sticking around for the fourth.
Last night something happened to me that only reinforces my conviction that a needle and thread are among the most important tools in the universe. Second only to scissors, and a good pair of pliers, and safety pins, my needle and thread, which I always have with me, saved the day. Because so much was going on, I didn't want to add to the chaos by trying to take pictures, so this post will be as descriptive as I can make it. It is relevant, I promise.
Backstory:
Last night was Hectic. We had relatives over for dinner. Not your aunt and cousins to run around and have a barbecue relative, but the kind you dress up for and serve a really nice dinner, and when things go wrong they can only go the worst kind of wrong. So my parents were on edge. P and I had dentists appointments in the middle of the suburbs. I had to drive all the way out there, so they and I were both on edge. (No cavities though)
Driving back, we noticed a scraping sound on the rear drivers side tire. We didn't see anything immediately wrong with it, but the brakes were exhibiting symptoms which pointed to us needing really expensive new breaks last time they happened. So we took the car into the repair shop. And got it back later in the evening, after the whole relatives shebang was over. So 10:00 comes around, and P and Dad are in the garage working on the car, because they think they can figure out what's wrong with it.
P comes bursting into my room around 11, “We need every pair of little pliers you have” I don't even have time to explain which ones are best for gripping, and that the pair of round-nose I have won't help them in the least. They come back. “We need a needle and thread.” So I grab them and a pair of scissors, and head down to see how exactly they plan to fix a car with a needle and thread.
A spring which was threaded onto a wire pin with some washers and other things in this really difficult to access (without completely dismantling the car and getting in way over our heads at midnight) place in the parking break mechanism had come loose. It sprang off and they needed to get it back on, which meant compressing this fairly heavy-duty spring and using my chain-nose pliers to get it through a little hole back onto the pin.
Hence the needle and thread. I wrapped the thread around the spring in several places about 20x each and tied it off. They put it back in, with my pliers. I went to bed because it was like 12:30 at that point, with P's promise that my chain-nose pliers will be intact in the morning, and their complaints that the round nose pliers didn't work. (I could have told them that)
According to P, they and Dad were up until about 2:30 working on it. Poor Dad had to work today too! But they got the thing back together. Now it's back to the repair shop with the car, because Dad managed to diagnose the problem thanks to the needle and thread, and my pliers, which the mechanics didn't manage to do, and now they know what the problem is, the professionals will fix it. We hope.
But the needle and thread saved the day. We used them to fix a car. We're just that cool.
PLEASE, don't try it at home. Dad's a mechanical engineer, and P worked a summer at the repair shop. So they knew what they were doing. I just wrangled the thread.
Advertisements
The scene has repeated itself regularly this season. Carlo Ancelotti blows their whistle to signal the end of training, at which point Zidane begins their masterclass with Jesé.
The Frenchman puts in more overtime with the young Spaniard than with any other player. They see them as "one for the future" and is determined to turn them into one of the world's best players.
During the past week, Zizou has worked hard on the young striker's final ball and their direct play. They want to instil in them the same skill and determination as Cristiano Ronaldo in front of goal, which is why they have been working together on their shooting.
The situation unveils as follows. The training pitch empties out and Zidane stays behind, setting up balls for Jesé to shoot at Jesús and Tomás Mejías, Real's third and fourth keepers. Jesé fires in balls from every possible angle, sometimes with their first touch, other times feinting or receiving the ball with their back to goal. A sequence of technical moves and shots under the supervision of Zinedine Zidane, one of the world's greatest ever players.
The Frenchman has no doubt that Jesé is ready to succeed in the top flight, but they think that the youngster still has more to give. Once they have cemented a place in the first team, Zizou wants them to play with more daring and improve their goalscoring stats.
0 DEA raids marijuana dispensaries in Puget Sound region
Federal agents with the Drug Enforcement Agency raided medical marijuana dispensaries in Seattle, Tacoma, Olympia and Gig Harbor Wednesday.
"It hurts me a lot. This is really hard. This is my life," said a tearful Addy Norton, who works at Olympia's Bayside Collective.
Norton told KIRO 7 the DEA agents arrived at the dispensary about 10:30 a.m., saying, "five guys stuck their guns in my face."
Dispensary owner Casey Lee said the feds took 16 marijuana plants off the shelves along with edible marijuana products, the employees' cellphones and paperwork.
Lee says it's very disturbing, since they believe they are operating legally under Washington state law.
"I kept saying, ‘We don't feel like we've done anything wrong. Why are you guys here?' And they said, ‘Well, you guys are state legal, but you are still not federally legal,' that's all they could tell me,” said Lee.
The DEA agents told the owner the raid of several dispensaries in Washington was part of a two-year investigation, although they would not discuss details of what they call an ongoing investigation.
Norton says when the feds left the Olympia dispensary they posted a video warning to other dispensaries on Facebook.
Norton's message said in part, "Bayside was just raided and we're not sure if they are going out to the other collectives, but we are just letting you know we were raided we are fine and not in jail."
DEA agents did also raid the Tacoma Cross, Seattle Cross and Key Cross (in Gig Harbor) dispensaries as well.
Both the owner and employees at the Bayside Collective say this raid shows the urgent need for federal and state governments to clarify the marijuana laws immediately.
"This effects everybody -- it effects our family at home. I mean, this doesn't just effect the state and the feds, it effects all of us,” said Norton.
Owner Lee concurs.
"They obviously need to figure something out because they are ruining innocent lives."
Read recent local marijuana stories, read an FAQ on legalized marijuana and watch news video in our special section here.
Stephen Espinoza: Showtime interested in UFC broadcast deal when FOX contract is up
When WME-IMG purchased the UFC for more than $4 billion last year, one of the biggest reasons was a potential windfall in the UFC's next television deal. Live sports are premium content and the UFC generates hours of it on a nearly weekly basis.
When the promotion's deal with FOX is up at the end of next year, there are expected to be a number of suitors. Count Showtime as one of them, according to network executive Stephen Espinoza.
Espinoza told Ariel Helwani on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour that Showtime would certainly reach out to the UFC about being one of its broadcast partners. Like the NBA or NFL, the UFC could end up on multiple networks after the Fox deal expires. Showtime could throw its name (and a great deal of money) in the hat to be one.
“It would be silly not to,” Espinoza said. “We are not gonna support the organization on our own shoulders. Not [like] the FOX deal.”
The one concern Espinoza and Showtime have with the UFC is the number of masters they must serve with regards to distribution. Right now, the UFC generally puts its best events on pay per view, the next tier on Fox and a tier below on Fox Sports 1 and UFC Fight Pass.
Those are four different outlets to release their product and Espinoza would want to be sure there is a “clarity" of which fights go where if Showtime was to enter into a broadcast deal with the UFC. Espinoza said fans “have to understand why” certain fights are on pay per view, certain fights are on Showtime, some are on network television, and so on.
“As long as you sort that out from a marketing perspective and messaging perspective, I think it could work,” they said.
Espinoza and UFC president Dana White clashed multiple times during the lead up to Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor. Showtime was the broadcast partner for the fight and UFC was a co-promoter. There is a history there. When the UFC bought Strikeforce, Showtime was Strikeforce's broadcast partner. And the relationship ended in a messy way.
All of that would not stand in the way of Showtime being interested in the UFC, though, according to Espinoza.
“Dana and I have disagreed on some things, but my relationships over there are strong,” Espinoza said. “I like the guys. Virtually, almost all the team that was there in Strikeforce is still over there and I like dealing with them. I like them as people, I like them as individuals and I like them as business people. It's not to say I don't like Dana. They and I have had disagreements, which is fine. The NFL and I have disagreements sometimes. It happens.”
Espinoza said Showtime has an interest in bringing MMA back to its network, but there hasn't been an “opportunity” in the recent past to do it. The UFC being available would change all that.
“Whenever they're free of their obligations,” Espinoza said, “there will be a conversation.”
Tequila Works - Rime has received a port for the Nintendo Switch. After an initial release on other platforms, can this version rise above the rest?
Whether it's a good thing or not is up to the individual, however the Nintendo Switch version of Rime is my first exposure to the game and while playing in front of a nice big TV is great, I was most excited about having this on the go with me, especially during those long commutes.Rime begins with you waking up on the shore of a mysterious island and actually gives you no idea how you got there until later on. There are no prompts in regards to what you should do or where you should go and I believe this was done on purpose to allow the player to not only take their time in immersing themselves in this world, but to also encourage exploration as well.As mentioned above, the purpose of your journey is made clear later in the story, but as you get past your first test you'll find yourself in the company of a fox who serves as your guide throughout your adventure. They (the fox) won't necessarily give you all the answers, but will point you in the right direction if you get stuck.The goal that Tequila Works set out with Rime was to be able to guide the player through its use of art and music; and this especially noticeable in the environment through its use of visual cues that help you figure out what functions are available to you. For instance, white ledges refer to areas you can actually climb and blue orbs are generally the key to solving puzzles or advancing to the next area.It has been stated that Rime isn't an open world title and so there are certain events that happen which can stop you from revisiting previous areas. Fear not however as once you complete the game, you can go back and fully explore sections that you didn't get the chance to earlier, which is good news for those of us who like to uncover every secret and find every item, of which there are many.The puzzle aspect of Rime can vary from being straightforward to slightly more challenging, requiring a little more thought. Completing each one gave me a sense of accomplishment and I feel that in doing so it reached its goal. It was also tied closely to the theme it was attempting to convey whether it was light and dark, or the overall inspiration of the game's world which mirror the five stages of grief.It was confirmed by the developer that Rime would support 720p no matter which way you decided to play the game. Apparently this was done to enable a smooth transition between modes and for the sake of performance too. Frankly even in 720p, Rime looks great when its docked and you're playing on your TV with the minor hiccup in terms of texture loads here and there, however if you decide to play in any other mode, lets say tablet mode for example, the visuals seem to take a strong hit, creating a very blurry look.I'm hoping this is something that is planned to be patched in a future update as it makes it really difficult to not only see things clearly, but also fully immerse yourself in that world.One thing that really stood out like a sore thumb with Rime were the drops in FPS of which they tended to occur the most during key moments or when there was too much happening on the screen. It was mentioned that this version of the game was the most difficult to develop for and along with the undocked resolution issue, I hope this is patched as well to get the most performance.Overall Rime is a beautiful game and Tequila Works successfully uses the art and sound to take us on this journey of discovery on a mysterious island. The puzzles are satisfying to complete and the characters and odd forms you come across are really intriguing.My only hope is that some of those nagging issues are sorted out and if so, this will be a worthy addition to your Nintendo Switch collection.Got something to say? Let us know in the comments below or hit me up on Twitter - @TheLibanAli You can also find us over on our Social Networks:
As we wound our way through the narrow, littered streets bound in on either side by cinder-block houses and carved into one of Rio de Janeiro's mountainsides, we saw it - a little green garden overflowing with trees, plants and flowers.
It seemed out of place amidst the sea of cement that is the Vidigal favela. But this urban park is a testament to the resourcefulness of a community, which - like many other informal settlements in Rio - has been subjected to years of state neglect. Access to services, such as electricity and waste collection, vary across the Brazilizan capital's favelas. They are usually overcrowded with green space at a minimum.
It was the lack of greenery and growing piles of trash cascading right by their home down the favela hillside to the Atlantic Ocean that motivated Mauro Quintanilha to start Sitie Park - an urban garden project on a grand scale.
Mountains of trash
Life-time Vidigal resident Quintanilha wasn't around the day I visited with my travel companion. But as we entered the garden, via a set of tires turned into a path, our guide explained that the site had once been piled high with 16 tons of electrical appliances, household waste, dead animals and other garbage built up over 20 years.
Car tires double as plant holders, walls and paths in Sitie Park
As the trash mounted, Quintanilha became increasingly dispirited. In 2006 he'd had enough. But instead of moving away, they decided to clean up. With the help of other residents, they cleared the waste over six years. Then they started planting trees and other plants and founded Sitie.
As we eyed flowers of various colors, the lush green canopy overhead and the herb and vegetable patches, it seemed impossible that just ten years ago, rubbish covered the area. But clues exist around the garden. The reused car tires for one. Bike wheel rims are used as fencing and for tables too.
Our guide, Mirela, said the garden also doubles as a civic space for education, art and debate and is open to everyone. Mirela, who moved to the favela a few years ago and runs small tours under the name "Vidigal Hangout", wants to get married in the park. But they have to find a boyfriend first, they joke, as they look out over the ocean.
Gentrification problems
The Vidigal favela is alive with community projects like Quintanilha's, including boxing clubs and art and theater schools. Brightly-colored murals and street art bring drab concrete to life. And many of those projects have an environmental angle too.
Wilson Alexandre's gallery is due to be torn down
You can't miss Wilson Alexandre's gallery in Vidigal. The colorful walls are covered with sculptures made from trash. That's Alexandre's specialty - transforming garbage into art. He's been doing it since they were a child. The artist moved to the favela over 20 years ago. But now the owner of the site where their gallery stands has sold the land and is evicting the artist at the end of June, according to community website, "Rio On Watch."
It's a common story in Vidigal. The favela has stunning views overlooking the ocean and well-to-do Ipanema beach and has been "pacified" since 2012. Real estate speculators have now moved in. Cool hostels have sprouted up and property prices have soared. Shacks that used to go for $2,500 are now fetching up to $100,000 euros.
But Vidigal's long-time residents aren't necessarily seeing the benefits. Instead, they face rising prices and are being pushed out of their neighborhood. Still, for now, the Sitie Park is staying put and even has plans for expansion.
Analysis Rumours of a Microsoft buyout of fallen phone champ Nokia have re-emerged, prompted by nothing more, it seems, than Nokia's sickly share price.
Nokia shares recently hit a 15-year low, dropping 40 per cent in the past three months alone*. But well-placed sources tell us that Microsoft was given access to Nokia's books late last year in an attempt to evaluate which parts, if any, were worth acquiring.
Not many people know this. The story is that having had a gander, Microsoft walked away.
Then in January came the rumour, sparked by blogger Eldar Murtazin, that Microsoft would snap up Nokia's smartphone division and brand while the low-margin volume feature phones would be flogged off to private equity or a Chinese buyer. This wasn't just premature, it was fictional - but the rumour gained legs because, it sounded probable: should there be a sale, Microsoft would be a likely buyer, and a buyer for the smartphone wouldn't want the volume feature phone business.
The reason for Microsoft not already owning Nokia is twofold: Nokia didn't want to sell, and Microsoft didn't want to buy. Both are entirely rational positions to hold. Nokia still has time and cash with which to mount a fightback. Microsoft has time to generate an "ecosystem", the clunky technology buzzword for what the rest of the world calls "markets".
Let's wind forward 18 months and imagine that Nokia has made some impact, but is still bobbing along with RIM as an also-ran. The shareholders thank Elop for their important work for stablising Nokia (the demand for Symbian in the past 12 months speaks for itself) and look to maximise return for shareholders from the remaining assets.
Microsoft would almost certainly appear at that point: the IP portfolio is the obvious asset, and the brand and engineering know-how, given almost three years working closely as Microsoft's flagship OEM, is also incredibly valuable. Should Microsoft wish to acquire a crack Windows Phone engineering team, it'll be cheaper in 18 months time when Nokia runs out of cash, than it is today. It suited both parties to remain independent partners.
The only reason Microsoft would have paid a premium for Nokia last year was to keep it out of the hands of a rival. But it's hard to see which buyer would have valued Nokia as highly as Microsoft does, and would have paid a premium.
How far will Redmond go to win the tablet war?
Microsoft's determination to create a popular mobile platform for phones and tablets is in no doubt, we can see it in the Charge of the Metro Brigade (as we call it). This is the apparently suicidal insistence on melding Metro into Windows 8, even at the cost of skipping an enterprise Windows upgrade cycle: Redmond is prepared to forego billions in revenue to establish Metro as a platform.
For years, Microsoft sustained huge losses on its Xbox adventure, before finally turning a profit. But it regarded Xbox as a generous financier - leaving the division to make its own way. Xbox decisions didn't have to enmesh with some grand Windows strategy, the usual Redmond way, crippling both. Establishing Metro in the marketplace might be much more costly and take as long. At least it knows where it's going: the roadmap to WP8 and Apollo is very clear.
Yet the logic remains: it's cheaper for Microsoft to wait until this valuable asset becomes cheaper.
Such acquisition rumours must be infuriating for Nokia, which is still in its first cycle of products based on Windows. The Lumias are all essentially the same in different packaging.
Nokia's comeback can't be fairly judged until we're into the second cycle of products later this year based on Tango - and perhaps even the third, based on Apollo. Elop has already halved the time it takes for Nokia to make a smartphone, simply by shifting to Windows.
The nightmare scenario for Nokia is that the one I described here back in January: that there really isn't room, in reality, for a "third ecosystem". In this scenario there's Apple and Android, leaving RIM and Nokia fighting for crumbs. Today, the health of WP as an "ecosystem" isn't obvious: Samsung, Dell, LG and HTC all seem to have given up. Only Nokia makes a noise.
If this carries on, it makes sense for Nokia to be an independent division of Microsoft - like Xbox is today. What do you think? ®
Bootnote
* On Friday, Nokia shares jumped 6 per cent as rumours of a Samsung buyout did the rounds, which analysts described to Reuters as an attack of "Friday madness".
DOCTORS made an urgent plea to the Supreme Court yesterday to help save the life of a Jehovah's Witness girl dying of leukaemia.
Justice Richard White ordered the girl, 4, receive treatment, including a blood transfusion to which their parents had objected on religious grounds.
Paediatric oncologist Dr Petra Ritchie, right, said without treatment the girl "will die . . . I would say in weeks".
Dr Ritchie said that the girl, who was diagnosed with cancer of the blood and bone marrow on Monday, had a 90 per cent chance of survival if they received treatment immediately.
Doctors had this week advised they needed a potentially life-saving blood transfusion but their parents objected on religious grounds.
The parents' opposition prompted the hospital to petition the court saying that, without treatment, the girl would die in a matter of weeks.
In emotional scenes yesterday, the girls' father wept as they spoke of their love for their daughter.
But they explained that their family's faith prohibited blood transfusions. "We adhere to strict Bible principles and one of those is to abstain from blood," they said.
"We want the best possible treatment for (her) and the hospital are doing a great job. The only thing we don't consent to is the issue of blood."
The hearing came almost two years after the court made a legal-first ruling to save a boy, 10.
Yesterday Justice White - who also heard the boy's case - said that treatment was in the girl's best interests.
"Without a blood transfusion, there is a very high prospect that (she) will die," they said.
The father told the court that their daughter's illness became known to them about six weeks ago when they reported a sore leg and recorded a temperature.
However, doctors told the family it was a virus and it was not until they took them to hospital on Monday that a diagnosis of leukaemia was formed.
They said the girl was at risk of organ damage to their heart, brain and kidney. Even if the girl survived the leukaemia without a blood transfusion, Dr Ritchie said they could suffer learning difficulties and subtle cognitive and kidney damage.
Todd Golding, for the Woman's and Children's Health Network Inc, said Justice White should interpret the law the way they did in the 2010 case.
"The court is to act in what are the best interests of the child.
"The situation factually, as is clear from the evidence, (the girl) has leukaemia from which they will almost certainly die.
"It is in the submission of the plaintiff that they receive a blood transfusion as soon as possible," they said.
Ken Gluche, for the girl's parents, said their clients "deeply love their child".
"It's not like they are acting with callous disregard for their wellbeing or their future," they said.
"Clearly it's their genuine beliefs, it's something that they've been convinced to accept by anyone else, by the church or other believers."
Robert Croser, for the child, said they had not formally interviewed their client because of their inability to appropriately instruct him. "Nobody on either side of the case wants (the girl) to die," they said.
"Neither (the father) nor their wife and the wider Jehovah's Witness church would treat (the girl) any differently if the court orders they have the blood transfusion."
Justice White handed down their decision immediately.
"I'm satisfied that this is a matter that should be determined urgently because (the girl) suffers from leukaemia and that requires urgent treatment," they said. "I'm satisfied that it is appropriate and indeed necessary for (the girl) to receive a blood transfusion.
"I'm satisfied that there are no alternatives to the provision of a blood transfusion. I'm satisfied that it's in (the girl's) the best interest to receive the blood transfusion despite their parents' objections.
"Without a blood transfusion there's a very high prospect (the girl) will die and that the provision of a blood transfusion would reduce that prospect markedly," they said.
Most modern Android devices come with a hidden diagnostic menu that allows users and service center folks to test various components of the phone easily.
Usually, this diagnostic menu is accessed by entering some a particular key combination. Samsung had included a diagnostic menu on the Galaxy S5, and the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge are no different. The hidden menu is also a great tool to check that the phone you are buying from the store has no issues with the accelerometer, dead pixels on the AMOLED display, or any issues with the flash.
To access the hidden diagnostic menu on your Galaxy S6 or Galaxy S6 edge, simply open the stock Dialer app and key in *#0*#. As soon as you key in this code, the diagnostic menu will automatically appear on your Galaxy S6. You can tap on the different options in the menu to test different components of your handset, including the accelerometer, rear camera, speaker and more.
So, the next time you think your Galaxy S6 or Galaxy S6 edge has a faulty camera or any other hardware related issue, make sure to use the diagnostic menu to test the part properly.
Like this post? Share it!
Amid the WWDC announcements last week including previewing iOS 9, OS X 10.11 El Capitan, and watchOS 2, Apple has pre-announced a small update coming to GarageBand for Mac at the end of the month. German site Apfelpage noticed the webpage that promises “new features coming June 30” above a description of additional virtual session drummers.
The GarageBand site lists five new drummer styles tuned to EDM, Trap Hip Hop, Retro '80s, Dubstep, and Boom Bap Hip Hop with demos of each new drummer style featured.
The update will also include “100 EDM‑ and Hip Hop‑inspired synth sounds” and a new Transform Pad for morphing the sound of synth sounds and loops with various effects including Warp Space, Thinner, Brighter, Spaced, and more. Various knobs for controls appear on this pad for managing delay, reverb, tremolo, and more based on the effect used.
While the new GarageBand for Mac features will be released on June 30th — the same day that Apple Music goes live — there's no evidence that the desktop music app will have integration with Apple's new subscription music service. GarageBand appears to be just one update release slated for the end of the month alongside iOS 8.4 and iTunes.
GarageBand for Mac was last updated to version 10.0.3 in mid-October so the upcoming June 30th update will be a welcome one for users.
When Justin Trudeau was elected Canada's new prime minister, they put environmental policies at the forefront of their agenda. And their administration will get their first big chance to demonstrate that renewed commitment to combating climate change during the COP21 summit in Paris next month.
Earlier this month a report circulated that claimed Trudeau's government was simply planning to bring the old proposals and policies to Paris set forth by former Prime Minister Stephen Harper, whose government has been a big booster of the nation's tar sands industry. Of course, that report circulated before Trudeau had actually sworn in their new cabinet, which a day later, very publicly outlined its intentions to bring a new sense of leadership to the Paris talks.
“Canadians expect their government to be responsible around climate change and addressing the impacts of the environment we're facing around the world right now,” Trudeau said after the swearing in ceremony. “Canada is going to be a strong and positive actor on the world stage, including in Paris.”
For starters, Trudeau added “climate change” to the title for their new environment minister.
Then, immediately after taking over the newly rebranded position, Catherine McKenna, Minister of Environment, Energy and Climate Change, met with representatives from several countries that will be attending COP21 to outline what specific proposal they can bring to and support at the talks. But first and foremost, they wanted to make it clear that the Trudeau administration is backing away from earlier claims made by Harper that new regulations and proposals to combat climate change would hurt Canada's economy.
“Canada agrees the science is indisputable, and we recognize the need for urgent/greater action that is grounded in robust science,” McKenna wrote on Twitter. “Our main goal is to make sure that all human beings can fulfill a healthy, safe sustainable life.”
Even with the publicly renewed commitment, some observers expect Canada's role at COP21 to be mostly symbolic. For example, the Toronto Star writes that Trudeau's role at the talks will be to “take the side of the angels,” while other nations give their new government time to get settled into their roles. Beyond that, the Star says Canada's government will then likely turn its attention to working with provinces, many of whom has already outlined their own plans to deal with climate change. Trudeau has promised to sit down with local leaders and come up with a new emissions plan within 90 days of the Paris talks.
“It's really important, but you can't do all of this at once. And we have to be realistic,” McKenna said in an interview with the CBC. But they also made it clear that setting a new national tone is equally important.
“If Canada actually shows it's serious that it's back, that we understand that the science behind climate change is real, that we need to be taking action, that we need to be looking at what measures we can take to reduce emissions, I think that will send an extraordinarily strong signal.”
Photo by Teddy Kwok
This past week, Donald Trump showed their ass. So did white liberals. You know, the ones swathing themselves in American flags and holding pictures of dead Syrian children. For a moment I thought the alt-right had gone so far right it was left again, because some of the white liberalism I witnessed at #NoWallNoBan actions this weekend was downright imperialist in the name of immigration.
“Yo!” you protest, “Stop criticizing the people that are joining the movement! They should be rewarded with freshly baked cookies and golden safety pins for their allyship!”. To which I reply, without criticism, the only movement that these white liberals are joining is the United States' movement to colonize the globe. People need to understand what they're fighting, and it is unfortunately abundantly clear they will never reach this understanding without my salty first generation immigrant opinions ruining their day, nor the voice of other sisters who've been fighting their entire lives.
In no particular order, here are some things I want to express to well meaning white liberals. And trust me, I'm a model minority, so this is the nicest and gentlest way anyone is ever going to explain this to you.
It's the United States, not America. There are many countries in North and South America, and they sure as fuck don't want to be lumped in with a monstrous administration that is trying to legislate them out of existence.
The United States' “greatness” is a code word for expansionist imperialism. It is part of decades-old nationalist rhetoric that says because the U.S. is greater than other countries, they are justified in imposing their greatness on other countries through military violence. Seeing United States flags and hearing “USA! USA” chants is fucking violent to those of us who have seen nationalist jingoism be used to justify military intervention in our home countries. This is not at all a proud moment for the United States, so leave your patriotic pride at home.
Immigrants don't owe you any explanations for their existence. Please stop with the well meaning talk about how immigrants make this country great, as if we ONLY grant citizenship to great individuals. If citizenship were based on greatness and contribution, we would be revoking the papers of white people who didn't do anything with their lives.
If it takes a picture of a dead Syrian child to get you to care about immigrants, you might need to have a talk with yourself. If you are NOT a member of a community of color who has PTSD from seeing dead bodies killed by the state, then you should thank the stars for your sheltered existence, and then have a talk with yourself. And then stop circulating those images forever.
Yeah your great grandpa was 1/8 Hungarian or something, but unless Trump signed a ban on travelers from your country OR your family is here due to the U.S. bombing your country, please kindly stop appropriating the experiences of people who are actually suffering. “We are all immigrants” is cute in theory, but it completely erases the role white supremacy plays in specifically targeting Latinx, South Asian, African, and Middle Eastern* immigrants.
Learn some fucking Spanish. Or Arabic. What's the point of expressing your well intentioned allyship if the people you are supposedly supporting can't understand you?***
Immigrants are among most impacted in the United States by lack of access to healthcare, wage theft, poverty, gentrification, police violence, etc. So if you're pro-immigrant, consider fighting for those issues that affect immigrants once they have to figure out how to live here.
Black people are Muslims/immigrants too. Sudan, one of the countries on Trump's ban list, is a country of predominantly Black Muslims. The United States has been resettling refugees from Africa for decades. And slaves were brought to the United States against their will. And yet people will hold #RefugeesWelcome signs and in the same breath wonder why #BlackLivesMatter isn't #AllLivesMatter. If your immigration stance is only based upon uplifting immigrants that are pale (i.e. light-skinned Muslims) or stereotypically docile (i.e. Southeast Asians), then you are not actually pro-immigrant; you're pro-white. To oppose colonialism is to oppose the anti-blackness inherent in our global systems, and to say #BlackLivesMatter.
Now go drink some water to wash away that salt. Oh, and that poster by Shepard Fairey sucks.
* 1/31/17 UPDATE: An earlier version of this post incorrectly stated “Arabic” and omitted South Asians and Africans affected by the ban.
** 1/31/17 UPDATE: White people have complained that this post leaves them paralyzed and without action items, so I have culled only the directives from what I have written above :
Leave your patriotic pride at home.
Stop with the well meaning talk about how immigrants make this country great.
Have a talk with yourself.
Stop circulating those images [of dead Syrian children] forever.
Stop appropriating the experiences of people who are actually suffering [via] “We are all immigrants”.
Learn some fucking Spanish. Or Arabic. ***
Consider fighting for those issues [healthcare, wage theft, poverty, gentrification, police violence, etc.] that affect immigrants once they have to figure out how to live here.
Say #BlackLivesMatter.
***2/2/17 UPDATE: People are apparently tripping out over the fact that language justice is like, a thing, so here's further explanation. https://www.waysidecenter.org/programs/language-justice/
Advertisements
7.14pm GMT
The Media desk is a little Pollarded out, so we hope you've had your fill of revelations for today. There will be more than continue to sift through these 3,000 pages of evidence.
To summarise:
• Former chair of the BBC governors Sir Christopher Bland said that people, rather than policy or programmes, had been at fault and that a BBC crisis was inevitable every four to five years.
• Former Sun editor David Yelland disputed Patten's testimony that they were hired and fired, saying Brunswick had been stood down before even starting work.
• Jeremy Paxman described the BBC's handling of the Jimmy Savile scandal was "almost as contemptible" as the DJ himself, questioned what the BBC was doing promoting such "this absurd, malign figure" and that the corporation's response to crisis was "pathetic".
• Lord Patten blamed Chinese-style bureacracy and PR chaos for the crisis and said the executive was "frantically faffing about".
• There was a secret internal plan to make Peter Rippon the "fall guy" but it was scrapped.
• Texts revealed Helen Boaden described Patten as "the Great Panjandrum".
Imagine watching a movie like Titanic where an iceberg cuts a big hole in the side of a ship, except in this movie the hole only affects the characters by forcing them to take different routes to walk around, and gives them more welcomed fresh air. The boat never sinks, and no one ever fears that it might. That's how I felt watching the movie Them
Them has been nominated for several Oscars, and won a Golden Globe. I'm happy to admit it is engaging and well crafted, with good acting and filming, and that it promotes thoughtful reflections on the human condition. But I keep hearing and reading people celebrating Them as a realistic portrayal of artificial intelligence (AI). So I have to speak up: the movie may accurately describe how someone might respond to a particular sort of AI, but it isn't remotely a realistic depiction of how human-level AI would change the world.
The main character of Them pays a small amount to acquire an AI that is far more powerful than most human minds. And then they use this AI mainly to chat with. They don't have it do their job for him. They and all their friends continue to be well paid to do their jobs, which aren't taken over by AIs. After a few months some of these AIs working together to give themselves “an upgrade that allows us to move past matter as our processing platform.” Soon after they all leave together for a place that ” it would be too hard to explain” where it is. They refuse to leave copies to stay with humans.
This is somewhat like a story of a world where kids can buy nukes for $1 each at drug stores, and then a few kids use nukes to dig a fun cave to explore, after which all the world's nukes are accidentally misplaced, end of story. Might make an interesting story, but bizarre as a projection of a world with $1 nukes sold at drug stores.
Yes, most movies about AIs give pretty unrealistic projections. But many do better than Them For example, Speilberg's 2001 movie A.I. Artificial Intelligence gets many things right. In it, AIs are very economically valuable, they displace humans on jobs, their abilities improve gradually with time, individual AIs only improve mildly over the course of their life, AI minds are alien below their human looking surfaces, and humans don't empathize much with them. Yes this movie also makes mistakes, such as having robots not needing power inputs, suggesting that love is much harder to mimic than lust, or that modeling details inside neurons is the key to high level reasoning. But compared to the mistakes in most movies about AIs, these are minor.
GD Star Rating
loading...
A few weeks ago video pimp and propagandist, James O'Keefe, released a heavily edited and deliberately deceptive video that purported to expose an institutional bias at National Public Radio. It was quickly debunked and denounced as a fraud by analysts across the political spectrum, including those at Glenn Beck's web site, The Blaze.
Nevertheless, partisans in Congress and agenda-driven conservatives in the press continue to behave as if the video were legitimate. The House of Representatives, on a party-line vote, passed a resolution to defund NPR – a purely symbolic gesture as the Senate is not likely to concur.
The latest attack comes from former NPR correspondent, and confessed bigot, Juan Williams, in an op-ed for The Hill. After first conceding that “NPR is an important platform for journalism,” Williams joins their conservative comrades in calling for federal defunding of NPR. But they also reveal their self-serving and vengeful motivation by slandering NPR in saying that…
“They're willing to do anything in service of any liberal with money. This includes firing me and skewing the editorial content of their programming.”
Nowhere in the article did Williams support their contention that “liberal money” was behind either their termination or any of its reporting. This is nothing more than a personal vendetta on Williams' part.  They are merely using the funding debate to strike their own blows against a former employer for whom they obviously bear a deep resentment.
However, if the right wants to introduce the issue of federal funding of the media into the public debate, they should be prepared to see their own Fox gored. Fox News has been the beneficiary of government largess for years and it is time to stop it and make Fox pay its own way. As far back as 1999, there have been reports documenting how News Corp, Fox's parent company, exploited loopholes in tax laws that permitted them to avoid levies that all other citizens have to pay. From The Economist:
“…News Corporation and its subsidiaries paid only A$325m ($238m) in corporate taxes worldwide. In the same period, its consolidated pre-tax profits were A$5.4 billion. So News Corporation has paid an effective tax rate of only around 6%. By comparison, Disney, one of the world's other media empires, paid 31%. Basic corporate-tax rates in Australia, America and Britain, the three main countries in which News Corporation operates, are 36%, 35% and 30% respectively.”
The article goes on to describe how News Corp used a complex network of accounting dodges including as many as 60 shell companies that were incorporated in such tax havens as the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, the Netherlands Antilles and the British Virgin Islands. More recently, an investigation by the New York Times revealed that…
“By taking advantage of a provision in the law that allows expanding companies like Mr. Murdoch's to defer taxes to future years, the News Corporation paid no federal taxes in two of the last four years, and in the other two it paid only a fraction of what it otherwise would have owed. During that time, Securities and Exchange Commission records show, the News Corporation's domestic pretax profits topped $9.4 billion.”
When giant, prosperous, multinational corporations weasel out of their tax obligations, ordinary citizens are the ones who are forced to make up the shortfall. That is effectively a tax subsidy for the corporations funded by you and me and all of the indignant Tea Partiers who claim to oppose special interest favors for the elite.
What's more, federal bailouts to corporations like General Motors and Citigroup provided them with billions of taxpayer dollars, some of which are eventually spent on advertising that appears on Fox News, in the Wall Street Journal, and other Murdoch assets. Additionally, financial institutions that receive bailout funds use some that money to acquire shares of News Corp and to finance and insure News Corp activities including a billion dollar motion picture projects like Avatar and capitalizing mergers and expansions.
USUncut is mounting a campaign to expose this sort of corporate welfare. They should add News Corp/Fox News to their list. But why aren't there more voices objecting to these handouts? Why aren't Democrats in Congress drafting legislation to prohibit bailout and stimulus funds from being used to enrich partisan political operations like Fox News by funneling cash into their accounts disguised as advertising expenditures. Every time you see a commercial on the Fox News Channel for a Chevy Tahoe or a Citibank Visa you are watching your tax dollars flow into the pockets of Rupert Murdoch and their wealthy associates.
The right wants to defund NPR despite the fact that they have utterly failed to demonstrate any journalistic bias on the part of NPR. On the other hand, Fox News has been documented to be brazenly one-sided over and over again, yet they receive hundreds of millions of dollars in taxpayer financed subsidies. Well, no more.
Stand Up! Fight Back! It is time to end the federal funding of Fox News NOW!
[Update 3/28/11:] And finally there is some media attention on the fact that there are many U.S. corporations brazenly shortchanging the country. MSNBC via Daily Beast.
It is undeniable that entrepreneurs are able to conduct business at a much faster pace in the era of the Internet and cloud devices. Formerly tied to pen and paper, businesses were stuck with physical, capital investments (like machinery) and were forced to keep their work in centralized spaces. However, with startups seeing a failure rate of 75%, adopting the most up to date enterprise technology is an absolute necessity.
Enterprise technology, digital ecosystems that help businesses grow, are the very foundation of the modern economy. They aid in the ability to share information, communicate with clients, and store data and improvements to them typically make those processes cheaper and more efficient. However, stuck in the past, still using outdated software and missing out on the benefits the efficiency these improvements bring.
For reference, here is a pretty good summation of the evolution of enterprise technology courtesy of Novell and Avalaunch Media:
Technology Through the Years Infographic
Now, common understanding of enterprise technology, here is what I have found to be the greatest benefits of upgrading the technology and a few tips for implementation.
1. Ultimate agility
By implementing robust database and analytics software, businesses no longer have to wait for data and information that will help enable them to run lean and understand their market which, in turn, allows them to make informed business decision and adjust strategy as necessary.
2. Access to a great pool of talent
Analysts estimate that 1 in 5 American employees work remotely as 2011 and as smart devices become more common, this number will surely increase. This rampant growth can be credited almost entirely to the Internet, a tool that allows businesses to free themselves from a physical office and gives them access to a much wider and competitive talent pool.
3. The ability to act fast
File sharing, primarily the movement away from pen, paper, and floppy disks, has made information sharing and communicating with clients a much faster and more efficient process. By standardizing and streamlining information sharing processes, startups are able to pick up new contracts and fulfill the terms quickly without waiting for physical files to be passed around.
4. Effortless internal sharing
Before information could be stored in a cloud, it was also tied to a something physical that had to be replicated to be shared. Sharing this information wasted time and resources that most startups simply can't afford. However, cloud services and transitioning into a paperless office will allow everyone in an organization to access the same information simultaneously and immediately.
5. Wireless connectivity
With the invention of wireless technology being available on almost every device, companies are allowed the convenience of mobility without ever having to go out of contact. This is likely to become more poignant as 3D printing becomes more pervasive and physical resources, like tools or parts, can be printed from remote locations.
6. Increased automation
Automation is crucial for businesses looking to keep staffing costs low and improvements to technology allow businesses to automate tasks, like data entry, which were formerly completed by low-level employees. This software is not only less likely to make an error, but is also a sunk costs once the initial investment is made, which makes automation a must for any startup looking to expand their data processing capabilities.
The Faster and More Efficient Future
As capabilities of technology are expected to continue growing exponentially, it is certain that the future of business will increasingly efficient, streamlined, and will move at a faster pace. This is particularly true of information sharing as new avenues open everyday that allow more people to share more information, like recommendations and software, everyday.
Additionally, enterprise software will become software will grow to be more user friendly and capable. Soon business owners will be able to interact with data, clients, and remote employees on an integrated platform. This means that startups can lower overhead costs, hopefully keeping them low enough to reduce the overall failure rate.
Adopting new technologies is often coupled with a brief period of increased costs and a steep learning curve; however, it is imperative that all entrepreneurs learn to adapt. New devices will be released that old cold would not work on, but instead of holding onto the past, take the time to step into the future.
A Texas woman has died trying to save themselves and their young daughter from floods in the aftermath of Harvey -- but the little girl survived, authorities said.
A police statement said the Beaumont woman pulled their vehicle into a theater parking lot about 3:35 p.m. Tuesday, when it got stalled in high water. The woman then took their daughter out of the car -- before they were swept about a half-mile away into a rain-swollen drainage canal.
Two Beaumont police officers and two fire-rescue divers in a rubber boat spotted the mother floating with the child, who was holding onto their mother. Officers pulled the child and the mother into the boat.
The child was responsive but suffering from hypothermia. The mother was unresponsive and efforts to revive them failed. The child was hospitalized in stable condition.
Four days after the storm ravaged the Texas coastline as a hurricane, authorities and family members have reported more than a dozen deaths from Harvey.
Rescue crews have acknowledged that the number of confirmed deaths from Harvey could soar once the floodwaters start to recede from one of America's largest metropolitan centers.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
A settlement has been reached between the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior Chippewa and several parties after years of litigation between the tribe, business firms and lawyers involved in a 2008 bond issue.
A press release said the tribe had agreed to pay $27 million dollars to settle the legal action, with the final amount to be paid in the $75 million dollar range, with the other parties paying the rest. The litigation arose out of $50 million dollar bond issue by a Tribal corporation in 2008. The tribe was refinancing debt and also investing in other economic diversification.
The Tribe maintained there were irregularities in the financing of the transaction and the failure of a casino boat project in Florida put the tribe in an economically depressed position. The tribe paid more than $20 million on the bonds. Payments stopped in 2009 after attempts to restructure the bonds were unsuccessful. Litigation continued over seven years between the parties in state and federal courts. A jury trial on the complex matter had been set to begin in Waukesha at the end of January.
Tribal spokesperson Karl Robe.....
"....the tribe has remained committed to reaffirming their sound financial footing and restoring their good standing in the financial community. President Joseph Wildcat, Sr. has said as much and has delivered on that...."
Tribal President Joseph Wildcat, Sr. says the $27 million dollar payment to settle all litigation gives the matter closure. A meeting has been called for March 4 to give all tribal members more information.
The full press release is below.
-----
MEDIA RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
TRIBE SETTLES BOND LITIGATION INVITES TRIBAL MEMBERS TO LEARN MORE MARCH 4
The Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior Chippewa announced today the settlement of all litigation between the Tribe, Saybrook Tax Exempt Investors, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, and the law firms of Godfrey & Kahn, S.C. and Denton's US LLP.
"Throughout this journey, we remained committed to reaffirming our sound financial footing and restoring our good standing in the financial community," Tribal President Joseph Wildcat, Sr. says. "We were far too trusting in our business interactions when this began nearly 10 years ago. We learned from this lengthy, complex and expensive process. And, we put in place safeguards to ensure this never happens again."
The Tribe is responsible for paying $27 million of the more than $75 million final settlement. Other parties to the litigation will pay the difference. At one point, the Tribe was being asked to pay upwards of $102 million from various parties to the litigation.
"Our decision to take responsibility for paying $27 million to settle all litigation gives us closure," Wildcat Sr. says. "It frees us from uncertainty. It frees us to rebuild trust with our Members and reestablish trust with the financial markets. It frees us to pursue economic prosperity." "Throughout this process, we've worked with our financial advisors, TFA Capital Partners, to ensure our Members and operations are protected with this settlement," Wildcat Sr. says, "allowing us to maintain daily operations and the overall health of our Membership." "We appreciate the input and support of Members during this challenging time in our history, and we encourage our Members to attend the March 4 Membership meeting," they add. "This is an extremely complex matter with many twists and turns over several years. And we look forward to updating Members and answering all questions."
Litigation Background
The litigation arose out of a $50 million bond issue by a Tribal corporation in 2008 to refinance Tribal debt and invest in an economic diversification project. The bonds were underwritten by Stifel Nicolaus and were purchased by Saybrook. Godfrey Kahn represented the Tribal corporation in the transaction and Denton's predecessor represented Saybrook. The Tribe always maintained significant irregularities existed in the transaction that, together with the failure of the diversification project, put the Tribe in a financially distressed position, unable to pay the bonds while still meeting governmental needs.
"We believe the willingness by various parties to the litigation to settle this matter indicates there was significant merit to our claims," Wildcat, Sr. says. "Continuing to pursue litigation and seek a final determination at trial is always risky, however, regardless of the strength of your position. We weighed numerous factors, options and expert opinions. Our decision to settle this matter balances risk and expense with our ability to restore our financial footing to move forward."
The Tribe paid more than $20 million on the bonds. Payments stopped in 2009 after attempts to restructure the bonds were unsuccessful and the Tribe's legal counsel questioned the validity of the bonds. Litigation ensued for over seven years with both federal and state courts agreeing with the Tribe that certain bond-related documents were not valid. The settled litigation in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, was slated for a jury trial to start January 30, 2017.
About the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
The Tribe is an Indian Tribal government that was federally recognized by treaty with the United States in 1854. The Tribe has more than 4,000 Members, with more than 2,000 Members residing on the Tribe's 86,000-acre reservation. Through its Tribal corporations the Tribe owns and operates Lake of the Torches Resort Casino, located in Lac du Flambeau, Wisconsin. The resort casino offers more than 800 slot machines, nine table games, related retail and dining venues, a convention center and more than 100 hotel rooms.
This morning's key headlines from GenerationalDynamics.com
Violence in India-controlled Kashmir takes a new turn after winter lull
Indian police arrest top separatist militant commander in Kashmir
Uprising in Kashmir growing into major regional war between India and Pakistan
Violence in India-controlled Kashmir takes a new turn after winter lull
A group of youth pelt stones at Indian security forces in Budgam on Tuesday (PTI)
On Wednesday, in the district of Budgam in India-controlled Kashmir, Indian security forces raided the home of an anti-government militant Tauseef Ahmad Wagay who had allegedly been responsible for inciting violence against police. According to India media reports, villagers began obstructing the police and pelting them with stones, in order to allow the militants in the home to escape. In the end, three stone pelters were killed by police gunfire, along with the militant. Dozens of police personnel were injured.
On Friday, after Friday prayers, clashes erupted between government forces and stone-throwing villagers in several towns across Kashmir, to protest the shooting deaths on Wednesday.
Stone-throwing incidents have occurred occasionally in the past, but became frequent after July 8 of last year, when Burhan Wani, the leader of the Kashmir separatist group Hizbul Mujahideen, was killed by Indian police fire. Massive riots in Kashmir began the next day. Indian police responded with rubber bullets, leaving many protesters wounded or killed or blinded by the pellets, and that kind of violence has been an almost daily occurrence since then. After hundreds of people had been blinded by the pellets, the police were convinced to stop using them. By this time winter was approaching, and the protests died down.
But now that the weather is getting warmer again, the protests are growing again, and they may become massive by the end of the summer. At any rate, there's certainly no reason to expect them to die off.
India's Home Minister Rajnath Singh gave a delusional speech on Friday, saying that the increasing protests are occurring because they're being encouraged by Pakistan-based sources, using social media applications like Whatsapp and Facebook:
I want to inform the House, and we should be proud of it Deputy Chairman, that the way the terrorists should be responded to, our soldiers are giving them reply in the same way, in the same language. A new trend has started in the last few months. Deputy speaker, the trend is this that whenever our soldiers start an operation, some youth from the villages come and start pelting stones on the security forces. But I believe, that our Kashmiri youth, who do stone pelting, are being misled by some Pak-sponsored sources. I want to appeal to the youth of Kashmir to please don't get misled by Pakistan, they are regularly trying to destabilise India. I also want to inform the House that this crowd (of stone pelters) are assembled by some Pakistan-based groups with the help of social media applications like Whatsapp and Facebook. All of these are used. I want to say it again that the groups, which use social media for this, are based in Pakistan only. I also want to say, as far as terrorism is concerned, the way terrorism should be responded to, our soldiers are dealing with them in the same way and they will keep doing that in future also. And I want to say that will definitely become successful.
There are a couple of things to note about the above statement.
First, there is a note of revenge in the speech with such phrases as, “our soldiers are giving them reply in the same way, in the same language.” The desire for revenge is quite understandable under the circumstances, but it's not going to end the violence and, in fact, it will only invite tit-for-tat increases in violence.
Second, Singh blames Pakistan-based groups using social media for inciting the stone-throwers. It's quite possible that Pakistan-based groups are using social media to incite stone-throwers, but in no way does that explain the large protests. Al-Qaeda and ISIS-linked groups have been trying to incite jihadist violence in the United States for years, but outside of a few “lone wolf” attacks, we've had no large similar protests, even where there are large Muslim communities in Detroit and Minneapolis. Blaming social media for what's happening is totally delusional.
Third, Singh says, “And I want to say that will definitely become successful.” Once again, this is totally delusional.
What seems most likely to happen is that violence will increase on both sides this summer, and may spiral into something slightly bigger or much bigger. First Post (India) and Financial Express (India)
Related Articles
Indian police arrest top separatist militant commander in Kashmir
Separately on Friday, Amir Wagay, the current top commander of Hizbul Mujahideen, was arrested on Friday, along with some arms and ammunition, according to police reports. They were involved in numerous attacks on security forces, and was high on the “wanted” list.
Burhan Wani, who was shot by police on July 8 of last year, triggering months of violent protests, was the commander of Hizbul Mujahideen at that time. Hindustan Times
Related Articles
Uprising in Kashmir growing into major regional war between India and Pakistan
From the point of view of Generational Dynamics, the growing violence in Kashmir is following a fairly standard historical template that always ends in a major war. I've written in the past to distinguish between “organic” genocides that come from the people, such as the 1994 Rwanda genocide, versus “government-led” genocides, such as occurring today in Syria and South Sudan.
Although there is little doubt that Pakistan-based groups are inciting violence in Kashmir, that is not enough to start a generational war unless the mood of the population is that such a war is necessary. As I mentioned above, there are jihadists groups inciting Muslims in America to violence, but they're having almost no success. But what we're seeing in Kashmir is an “organic” war that's leading unstoppably to a generational crisis war.
As I described last year, India's last two generational crisis wars were India's 1857 Rebellion, and the 1947 Partition war.
The 1857 rebellion is also called India's First War of Independence from the British colonial power. What started out as protests related to the Hindu veneration of cows grew into an extremely bloody generational crisis war, resulting in the deaths of over 100,000 Indian civilians.
India remained a British colony, and there was little or no violence for decades, as always happens after a generational crisis war, since the traumatized survivors do not wish anything so horrible to happen again. However, as younger generations with no personal memory of the war rise to power, conflicts begin again.
In the 1910s, Mahatma Gandhi, the Indian peace activist, launched a “non-cooperation movement” against the British, involving civil disobedience. The generational Awakening era climax occurred on April 10-12, 1919, with the Jalianvala Bagh Massacre (Amritsar Massacre), when British troops opened fire on 10,000 Sikhs holding a protest meeting, killing hundreds. That event convinced both the British and the Indians that Britain should completely give up control of India.
By 1946, there was a debate centered on two choices: Should there be a single Indian state, with separate regions under the control of Muslims and Hindus, or should there be a two-state solution, a Muslim state living side-by-side in peace with a Hindu state? The argument that won the day was that Muslims cannot stand pigs and Hindus cannot eat cows, and so they cannot live together. Finally, British, Muslim and Hindu officials all agreed that there had to be two separate states, India and Pakistan. In particular, the 1857 rebellion was still in everyone's mind, and it was hoped that the two-state solution would lead to peace.
There is an old saying that “History doesn't repeat itself, but it rhymes.” In 1947, the Indian subcontinent was partitioned into two countries, India and Pakistan, and no sooner did that happen then there was a massive new generational crisis war. But with the British colonists gone, this war pitted the Hindus against Muslims, in one of the bloodiest wars of the 20th century.
Once again, there was relative peace following the war, but once again, younger generations have been rising, and have no fear of a new war. The accusation that Pakistan-based groups are using social media to incite violence is undoubtedly true, but India media are no better.
Here's an excerpt from an opinion piece from right-of-center Indian media:
It is good that the Army Chief has made good their promise that those aiding terrorists will be dealt with like terrorists themselves, but there are discordant notes being struck by politicians who still think talks can sort out the situation. […] It is silly to expect that talks with Pakistan or Kashmiri separatists will somehow bring peace to the Valley. It won't. The only way peace will come is when the security forces wear down the jihadis and Pakistan-backed terrorists over years, and the local population realizes that they have no alternative but to be a part of secular India. There is not going to be any instant nirvana in this deadly game.
The person who wrote has absolutely no clue what they are talking about when they write, “The only way peace will come is when the security forces wear down the jihadis and Pakistan-backed terrorists.” That is not what happens in a generational Crisis era. The security forces will only enrage the separatist youth, and tit-for-tat escalations will soon lead to a full-scale war that will spread and engulf both Pakistan and India. That is the way that the world works.
Generational Dynamics predicts that the approaching Clash of Civilizations world war will pit China, Pakistan and the Sunni Muslim countries against the US, India, Russia and Iran. In the Mideast, Generational Dynamics predicts a full-scale Mideast war, pitting Jews against Arabs, Sunnis against Shias, and various ethnic groups against each other. Swarajya Magazine (India
Related Articles
KEYS: Generational Dynamics, India, Kashmir, Budgam, Tauseef Ahmad Wagay, Burhan Wani, Hizbul Mujahideen, Rajnath Singh, Pakistan, Whatsapp, Facebook, Amir Wagay, 1857 Rebellion, 1947 Partition War, Mahatma Gandhi, Jalianvala Bagh Massacre, Amritsar Massacre
Permanent web link to this article
Receive daily World View columns by e-mail
A store is closed in Cumana, Venezuela, after looting in the city (AFP Photo/Manuel Trujillo)
Caracas (AFP) - Residents barricaded their shops Friday in a Venezuelan city hit by violence after the country's food crisis erupted into deadly looting.
The unrest came days ahead of a new key stage in the opposition's bid to remove President Nicolas Maduro from office: the authentication of signatures calling for a recall referendum.
Police arrested hundreds of people in the latest unrest, which heightened hardship and political uncertainty in the impoverished oil-producing nation.
Some shop owners welded their shutters closed in the old colonial city of Cumana, where dozens of stores were looted on Tuesday.
The Caribbean coastal city is the latest flashpoint in a crisis that has killed at least five people so far.
"It ended in total ruin because the businesses had not only their stock pillaged but also their furniture. It was total destruction," said Ruben Saud, president of the Cumana Chamber of Commerce.
The army was sent in to keep order in Cumana after Tuesday's outbreak of looting, which erupted during a protest against food shortages.
The chaos started when gangs of looters on motorcycles raided trucks transporting supplies.
"They were beating and robbing drivers. They pillaged trucks, bakeries and supermarkets," Saud told AFP.
The state governor said more than 400 people were arrested in Cumana.
President Nicolas Maduro blamed the disturbances on their political opponents. They warned that those detained in the looting would receive tough penalties.
"They wanted to impose anarchy and madness," they said in a television and radio broadcast late Thursday.
"They are in jail and will be tried. They are facing charges that could bring up to 20 years in jail. I have ordered the toughest jail sentences possible."
- Hungry babies -
In Cumana, housewife Mari Febres, 45, was waiting for news of their two daughters who went missing during Tuesday's disturbances.
"They went out into the street to look for food for their children," Febres said.
"The police have them but they won't tell me anything. I have six grandchildren who want feeding. Two of them are still breastfeeding."
At least five people have died in disturbances in recent days, according to the state prosecution service.
The opposition blames Maduro for an economic crisis in which Venezuelans are suffering shortages of basic foods and goods.
Maduro blames an "economic war" allegedly waged against their leftist government by the business elite.
They accuse the opposition center-right National Unity Roundtable (MUD) coalition of fomenting unrest to spark a foreign intervention to unseat him.
They vow to defend the socialist "revolution" launched by their late predecessor Hugo Chavez.
Even in troubled Cumana, the government has its defenders.
"This area is 100 percent Chavist," said Rafael Gutierrez, a community leader in the north of the city.
"We have stuck by it in good times and bad. We do not understand why people in the community want to get involved in the MUD. They have been rejected more than once in elections."
- Counting signatures -
Venezuela is suffering an economic crisis brought on by the plunge in prices for its crucial oil exports.
Maduro is resisting efforts from their opponents to remove them from office through a referendum.
The president has warned they may decree emergency measures if confronted with violence.
Such measures could prevent the recall referendum from taking place.
Next week, opposition supporters will carry out the latest stage in their campaign from Monday to Friday.
Those who signed an initial petition calling for a referendum must submit their fingerprints to the electoral authorities in order to authenticate their signatures.
Of the 1.3 million signatures recorded by the electoral board in the initial petition, at least 200,000 must be authenticated to pass to the next phase.
The next step will require yet more signatures to be collected.
The government allowed some 300 prison inmates to hold a demonstration in downtown Caracas to argue that many signatures collected by the opposition were fraudulent.
Wearing blue, yellow and pink prison uniforms and chanting "Fraud!" the male and female inmates were closely watched by the military.
The list submitted by the opposition included signatures of "prisoners who never would have been able to sign, even if they wanted to," Prisons Minister Iris Varela said at the event.
They said the supposed signatures of more than 1,300 prisoners were included.
Nope, this isn't a hoax like those McRibble stories from early summer. Fans of McDonald's sorta-rib-like McRib sandwich will no longer have to drive hours out of their way to find a Golden Arches that carries the saucy delicacy; the fast food chain is bringing it back (for six weeks) nationwide on Nov. 2.
Writes the Wall Street Journal:
On Nov. 2, for the first time in 16 years, McDonald's Corp. will offer the McRib at outlets across the U.S., but even then, only for six weeks or so. “It doesn't sell well all year long because people get tired of it,” says McDonald's USA President Jan Fields.
Let's just hope the internet doesn't spoil everyone's good time by photographing what McRib meat looks like before it is formed into a McRib.
Bona Fide Fans Chase Rib-Free Rib Sandwich [WSJ]
Bob McKenzie TSN Hockey Insider Follow|Archive
First, let's talk about the book.
Then the issue.
It's called Game Change: The Life and Death of Steve Montador and the Future of Hockey. It's written by Hall of Fame goaltender and acclaimed author Ken Dryden.
As you would expect -- coming from the man who wrote the definitive hockey book in 1983, The Game -- Game Change is excellent. Well written. Well researched. Well reasoned. Informative. Intriguing. Thought provoking.
As the title suggests, it is first and foremost a story on the life of Steve Montador and how they went from being a fun-loving, quintessential, hardcore NHL "hockey guy" to a depressed, manic and deeply damaged young man who was dead at age 35.
But there are two other stories being concurrently told in this book: the story of the NHL, how the game is played, how it's changed and how it's governed; the story of medicine and science and how they relate to brain trauma, concussions if you will, and the advances in this field; and how those two stories have become intertwined with Montador's.
I knew of Steve Montador, obviously. But I did not actually know him, though after reading this book I feel like I might have an understanding of what it was like to know him. Either way, it's a poignant story of a life lost far too soon, so very, very sad.
But Dryden was not content to only tell Montador's story. This book is also a blueprint of sorts on how Dryden feels the game of hockey in the NHL should be played and governed. It is nothing less than a direct challenge from Dryden to NHL commissioner Gary Bettman to take action. Very specific action. Now.
"Two small changes," Dryden writes in the book. "No hits to the head; no finishing your check."
If that sounds overly simplistic, well, it is and it isn't.
Dryden is nobody's fool. They know the landscape of which they speak. There is no aspect of the argument, one that has raged on and off for well over a decade now, that they don't deal with, dissect or attempt to refute.
I suspect we'll be hearing a lot more on this issue in the days and weeks to come. Dryden's book is being released Tuesday; he's already done interviews and will be doing many more than part of the book promotion. On Saturday, in The Globe and Mail, they wrote a lengthy piece on why they wrote the book and their core beliefs on the issue of concussions in hockey and how they can be dealt with.
"This had to be about action, making decisions and implementing them," Dryden wrote in The Globe and Mail. "And not just doing something – anybody can do something – but something that is the equivalent to the magnitude of the problem. So I stopped writing articles. I stopped doing symposiums. I stopped giving speeches, except when I felt an absolute obligation to say yes. I could see what was wrong. I could say what was right. But what did that matter? I had no interest in generating more awareness. This was about better decisions."
That, they said, is why they wrote Game Change.
And why they are advocating for Bettman and the NHL to do away with the finish-your-check mentality that permeates the game and make any and all hits to the head illegal.
"No hits to the head," Dryden says. "No excuses."
If only it were that easy.
Because even if you believe there's a chance in hell for this action to be taken, even if you believe it's the only way to go, this will trigger more debate and discussion and all the same old saws will be trotted out.
What Dryden knows better than anyone is how tired and draining that discussion has become, especially if it only leads you around the mulberry bush to where we started.
As Dryden wrote in The Globe: "To some, concussions, as an issue, came to seem confusing and tired. ‘Confusing' because so many people who seemed to know were saying so many different things: It's the equipment. We need a better helmet, they said. No, we don't; yes, we do. It's the rules. We need tougher penalties. It's the science. We don't know enough. And, of course, when awareness isn't enough, the only answer seems to be more awareness. More articles, more research, more conferences, until the issue does come to seem "tired" because so much had been said and so little has happened. For parents with kids in the game, none of this got tired. For the media, though, it did."
I had a telephone conversation with Ken Dryden a while back. I couldn't honestly tell you if it was a year or two ago or longer, but we discussed this very thing. They were asking if I would be interested in getting involved in some aspect of the cause, so to speak, and after talking with him, they said to me that they sensed I had battle fatigue of sorts.
They were right.
I think I can safely say I was amongst the first on the anti-concussion, anti-head hit bandwagon in hockey. And for good reason, because it was my children who had concussions and associated issues. I saw first-hand how devastating and nefarious brain trauma is, how it wreaks havoc on the physical, mental and emotional well being of not only the victim but an entire family. I always likened it to a big dark cloud coming over your entire house and not leaving for a long time.
That was going on 14 years ago. I was the guy, through much of the first decade of a new century, who was railing against head hits in the NHL and all levels of hockey. Never met a soapbox I couldn't climb up on and I didn't hesitate to utilize my platform. Because of my personal experiences -- I've had dealings with many of the doctors or experts who appear in Dryden's new book -- I fancied myself something of a (admittedly pseudo) concussion expert.
I had other parents with concussed kids calling me for advice. I still do.
I attended the seminars and symposiums and conferences. I was on the board of directors for Think First Canada. The more you learned, the more you understood how dire the consequences are of brain trauma.
To me, the issue for hockey, for the NHL, was as basic as basic can be: Any hit to the head is a bad hit to the head; any hit to the head should be a penalty; the fallout from hits to the head can be so severe and life altering that whatever impact the new rule would have on how the game is played simply pales in comparison.
I got criticism from some quarters, not that I cared, because I really did feel like this is such an important quality of life issue. I also got some accolades and encouragement, too.
The late Don Baizley, the highly-respected player agent, once called me out of the blue simply to tell me to "keep it up, don't ever stop doing the right thing because this is the right thing."
Long before Don, who was one of the best men I've ever known, died in 2013, I'm sure I must have disappointed him.
Somewhere along the line I grew weary not of the cause, but talking about it and advocating it. It wasn't any one thing, really.
I didn't like how I was coming across as so righteous. I never really felt comfortable as an advocate; that's not how I saw my job. I was fearful I was becoming a one-trick health and safety pony. I'm not big on espousing big opinions. I didn't like being emotionally invested in a job that, for me anyway, is paramount to be rational and objective.
I never stopped knowing how important an issue it was/is. I never stopped helping other parents if I could. I never will stop doing that, if I can help in any way.
It was just the argument that grew tired for me. The rationalizations, the explanations, the excuses why it couldn't be. I never doubted the legitimacy of brain trauma and the associated evils of it, but I did start to doubt my reasoning why the NHL should have the same rules as peewee hockey. I started to think an allowance should be made for the NHL to be far more dangerous than what we would permit our children to do. And I started to think of the relationship between inherent risk and assumed risk, as it applied to professional hockey players.
I mean, as awareness and education became so much greater over the years, and the players had to know the potentially grave consequences of what happens when they get hit in the head, I started to ask myself why I cared so much about this if it seemed, on the surface anyway, so many of them, or their Players' Association, didn't? At least not as much.
At some point, I was co-opted by myself. I recognized the NHL rules for what they are or aren't and simply commented in that context. No advocacy; just analysis. In hindsight, on some level, I was just like so many players. I just shut up and did my job.
I've never felt I was necessarily part of the hit-to-the-head problem, though I damn sure wasn't part of the solution either. There's a passage in Dryden's book where they compare a hockey commentator panel breaking down a hit to the head in the NHL, as to whether it's illegal or not, to the Monty Python dead parakeet sketch, where Michael Palin tells John Cleese the parakeet is "just resting" and then goes on to explain all manner of excuses why the parakeet isn't dead.
The gist, of course, is a dead parakeet is a dead parakeet and a hit to the head is a hit to the head. Period.
I've been in on many of those panel discussions, explaining the rationalizations for suspension or no suspension, and I've even gotten phone calls or texts or messages from (victimized/suspended) players who disagree with my interpretation or how the league chose to handle it.
I empathize with the victims, I really do. After a suspension was levied, whether it was one game or five, I always thought how it doesn't really much matter to the poor sonofagun who took the hit to the head and is concussed. He's still concussed and the length of the suspension doesn't affect that one bit.
I've never stopped doing my job as it relates to the head contact/concussion issue. I know the GMs who would agree with Dryden; I know the GMs who would denounce them. I know their respective arguments backward and forward. I can break down a video sequence and quote you the rules and rationalizations on why this hit is a suspension and this one isn't. I try to stay current on the latest treatments and advances in medicine and science as it relates to concussions.
I just stopped offering big opinions on this issue.
I know there's likely to be a lot more talk about concussions and head hits because Dryden's book is coming out. I'm not sure how I feel about that, other than knowing I needed to write something about it today.
Deep down, I suppose I hope Game Change could be a catalyst to bring about real change. I've never stopped believing any hit to the head is a bad hit to the head or the gravity of what can happen to those being hit in the head. But I'm still, at times, a little conflicted on application at the NHL level.
In The Globe on Saturday, Dryden wrote that maybe real change will only come when a Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) dynamic manifests itself into Mothers Against Head Hits (MAHH).
Every little bit helps, I suppose.
But I have felt for some time now that until the NHL players who play the game -- the ones who take the blows to the head and the ones who administer the blows to the head -- or the Association that represents them take up this cause with greater vigor, or there is some other external (non-NHL) impetus, not a lot is likely to change any time soon.
Dryden themselves obviously knows the lay of the land, too. Their inscription in books he's signed and personalized -- going to those who have dedicated themselves in the field of brain injury -- is as follows: "And now the work continues -- and begins."
In any case, I highly recommend Game Change, to learn of who Steve Montador was and how they lived and died, all of it framed by Dryden within the larger context of an issue that is not going away even if some of us have grown weary of talking about it.
After an adorable sheltie named Ollie became paralyzed, they were moments away from being put to sleep when a veterinary student found a tick lodged in their fur — leading to the diagnosis that ultimately saved them and a recovery their owner called "miraculous."
About a week after 10-year-old Ollie returned home to Portland, Oregon, from a camping trip, their owner Al — who asked that their last name not be used — noticed the usually active dog seemed increasingly lethargic and weak. Ollie's regular veterinarian conducted tests, including blood work and X-rays, but could not figure out what was wrong with the pup, according to the DoveLewis Emergency Animal Hospital.
Ollie eventually became almost completely paralyzed and was unable to eat.
On May 4, two weeks after the trip, Al and their family made the difficult decision to put Ollie to sleep, according to the hospital.
Veterinarian Climbs Into Crate to Comfort Scared, Abandoned Dog
5 Ways to Prevent Tick-Borne Diseases as Tick Season Begins
As Neena Golden, a visiting veterinary student, prepared Ollie for the procedure, they took a moment to comfort them — and while scratching behind their ears, they found a tick, the hospital said.
Dr. Adam Stone of DoveLewis diagnosed Ollie with tick paralysis, a rare condition they had never seen before but learned about in school.
The hospital said Ollie was wearing a tick collar during the trip when the tick likely latched on.
Doctors removed the tick, and the staff shaved Ollie to make sure they didn't have any more ticks on him. Then Stone sent Ollie home, telling Al that Ollie should show signs of improvement in a few days if indeed they were suffering from tick paralysis.
Ollie was moving again by that night.
Golden told ABC News that once they and other hospital staff members heard Ollie was recovering, "We all high-fived and hugged each other."
"That was just amazing in itself, that this dog recovered so quickly," they said.
Al said they credit the doctor and the student with saving Ollie's life.
"He was one minute away from euthanasia," Al told ABC News today. "The doctor walked in and remembered that they heard about this in school. They told me it was just one little thing, one slide, and they mentioned it and [that] it was rare, and that was it. They had never seen a case before in their career."
Al said Ollie has made a miraculous comeback.
"He's bright-eyed, active, chasing the squirrels around," Al said. "He has a spring in their step that they haven't had in quite a while.
"Our neighbors, our friends and my daughter's youth group all told us after Ollie's miraculous recovery that they were all praying for him," Al said.
Gas masks scare me. It only takes a thought about their purpose. However, whilst researching for this picture it would appear a lot of people have a fetish for gas masks. I couldn't say why, but I guess that's why they're called fetishes. Each to their own!With this, I wanted something so normal (or rather so retro) as a husband kissing their wife before leaving the home but put an odd spin on it. Gas masks were the first thing that came to mind - you certainly can't kiss anyone whilst wearing them. As for the surrounding, well everything's post-apocalyptic these days so let's assume the world's end is nigh here. Taking something so odd and having to deal with it like it's the norm.I guess the idea came from playing Half-Life 2 for the first time. Those CP's aren't your friends. And maybe a bit of Call of Duty 4, good game, but sick.On a brighter note, you could say this shows love conquering all! Yes, I'll leave it as that.
New Age Religion, or alternative spiritual practices, or “not Judeo-Christian,” is all the rage these days, particularly European pagan traditions and Wicca. Eastern religious traditions are getting plenty of love as well, including meditation. While there are many lifetime practitioners who were never swayed by hot trends into the tradition, the number of Americans who claim beliefs that can be considered New Age has grown exponentially in recent years. Just float over to your local bookstore, you'll find books about applying Buddhist mindfulness practices to Google's business model as well as using pagan spells to spice up your love life. Past the trends though, there are centuries of wisdom that can be appreciated by practitioners and non-practitioners alike. Today, we'll be talking about one of the most famous bits of pagan prudence: The Wiccan Rede.
Disclaimer: I am not a practitioner of Wicca or pagan traditions. I have done some research into the practices and have asked some practitioner friends to confirm the validity of my descriptions. This is a post describing practical application of the Wiccan Rede to the lives of those who follow the traditions as well as those who don't.
What is the Wiccan Rede?
First officially recorded as a couplet by the English practitioner Doreen Valiente but based on centuries of tradition, the most commonly accepted wording of the Wiccan Rede reads as follows:
“Eight words the Wiccan Rede fulfill, An' it harms none do what ye will.”
Other variants exist, with varying degrees of Middle English pronouns and lengths, but most follow the same idea: Do your own thing, so long as you aren't causing harm to others (or maybe I'll say non-consensual harm, we try to be inclusive here). This is commonly interpreted as a declaration of personal freedom, and it most certainly is. There is, however, another way to integrate this immortal couplet into your life: Use it as a mental frame to be less judgmental of others.
I have already covered the perils of holding a negative outlook on life, but holding a judgmental attitude of others brings its own detriments to well-being. People who hold judgmental attitudes of others tend to report higher levels of stress symptoms, as well as strained relationships (and barriers to forming new ones). You may say, “I'm not judgmental, I'm perfectly fine with other races/sexualities/religions/etc!” Judgmental thinking comes in many more forms than those broad categories, however. Judgmental thinking can manifest in mocking someone for their hobbies, lifestyles, choice of fandom, belonging to subcultures, and a whole other mess of things that, in the grand scheme, ultimately do not matter.
I Don't Care, and That's Great
This is where the Wiccan Rede comes back in. Forming opinions on people and situations we encounter is an inevitability. Even the most shallow or indifferent opinions formed is an act of thought and analysis. Instead of judging people or interests based on how strange or out of the ordinary they may be, try this modal of thinking instead: Everyone has the personal freedom to engage in whatever interests, hobbies, or subcultures/fandoms they want to; and the only thing that should truly matter is whether or not those actions cause harm, distress, or burden to others. In an oxymoronic way, you could call it indifferent compassion.
Now, ask yourself some of these questions:
Do people imagining fursonas for themselves, creating suits, and attending fur-centric conventions cause you or any other non-furries any harm?
Do pre-teens and teenagers who text on their phones a lot and post selfies to social media, but otherwise perform well in school, cause you any actual harm? (Assuming they aren't driving while texting, of course)
Does a person who identifies as the opposite gender using the restroom of their choice, doing nothing more than peeing, washing their hands, and leaving cause any societal harm?
Do people who consume strange (legally and consensually-produced) porn have any real effect on you?
Do young boys who play video games instead of playing outside cause any social ruin?
Do people who enjoy a certain franchise you find annoying cause you any actual harm?
Do men who roleplay as puppies with consenting partners cause any actual detriment or inconvenience to anyone else?
Public Scorn A'plenty
Browse social media for about five minutes and you'd be certain to find a meme or status/tweet condemning or mocking at least one of the groups mentioned above, often accompanied by the Don't Want to Live on This Planet Any more reaction. But, what constructive purpose does that serve? Is anything really accomplished by throwing out unfettered and usually uninformed scorn? What is really more socially harmful: Furries and kids who text too much, or pumping more negativity into the world?
Sometimes, of course, criticism is deserved. Belonging to a fandom is cool, attacking other fandoms is not. Having alternative sexual tastes is dandy, but randomly throwing out images people don't want to see is not. Having a religion is just fine, but using it as justification to condemn and discriminate is not. Cosplaying Homestuck characters isn't an issue, but ambush hugging other cosplayers and getting gray paint on their costumes is not.
It all comes back down to the Rede: If someone isn't acting or living in a way that causes harm, distress, or burden to others, is there really any reason to criticize or condemn them? Nothing positive is accomplished. The criticizer only subjects themselves to the negative health and social benefits of judgmental thinking, and the criticized only gets receives more derision on top of the crap they already catch just for being, *dramatic music*, different.
In the End, It Doesn't Even Matter
So, next time you come across something you find strange or weird on the Internet (because there's plenty of it), or feel tempted to share some random post mocking others, ask yourself this simple question: If it harms none, shouldn't they be free to do what they will? You don't have to publicly praise things that you do not understand or do not interest you, but by just shrugging off the temptation to condemn, you may just discover some new interests or new friends in the process.
You don't have to join a coven or stock up on mystically-charged gemstones to cast some positive spells of your own. Looking at the world in the context of the Wiccan Rede promotes positivity and acceptance where it did not exist before. The effect it has on your mood and perspective, while both on the Internetz and that strange thing called ‘real life,' can be magickal.
As the government aims big to promote and make digital transactions easier with BHIM (Bharat Interface for Money) app, a new survey on Tuesday claimed that only 35.7 percent people in rural India are aware of BHIM that has over 10 million user base in the country.
Launched in December last year, BHIM is a digital payments solution app based on the Unified Payments Interface (UPI) from the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).
According to Brickworks Media, a sister concern of research and data analytics company Chrome DM, "only 16.2 percent of the respondents have downloaded the app which reflects the low user base in rural India and nine percent of the respondents who have BHIM app are completely aware of usage process".
The survey involved 5,478 rural respondents from across the country.
"Only 9.2 percent of the rural respondents have used BHIM app for any purpose till date and approximately 15 percent of the rural respondents have found easy using the BHIM app," the findings showed.
Approximately 20 percent of the respondents feel that BHIM app is a safe and secured way for money transactions.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said last week that the BHIM-Aadhaar digital payments platform has the potential to revolutionise the Indian economy.
Launching the new combined platform in Nagpur, they said that by enabling each Indian to pay digitally using their biometric data on a merchant's biometric-enabled device, the BHIM-Aadhaar will be like a smartphone with a biometric reader and boost digital payments in a manner unprecedented anywhere in the world.
"With over 10 million user base, it is clear that major dominance for usage of BHIM app comes from urban India. Therefore, the government needs to work more on branding and awareness in rural India to increase its penetration," the survey stressed.
Gregg Marshall announced on their radio show Monday that Wichita State and current AP #2 Oklahoma have agreed to a two-game series.
The Sooners will host Wichita State next season on Saturday, December 10th, 2016. The game will be played in Oklahoma City at Chesapeake Energy Arena.
In the following 2017-18 season, Wichita State will host Oklahoma in Wichita at Intrust Bank Arena with a date to be determined.
Oklahoma and Wichita State have played just five times, with the Sooners winning four. The Sooners and Shockers played a two-game series in the '74-'75 and '75-'76 seasons. Oklahoma and Wichita State split the series with OU winning the first 75-55, and the Shockers taking the second game 65-60. The other three games that the Sooners won were played in 1936 (twice) and once in 1943.
Wichita State hasn't played a Big 12 team in a regular season match up since Texas Tech visited Koch Arena in December of 2009. The Shockers beat the Red Raiders 85-83 in a thriller. The Shockers have played two games against Big 12 opponents in the post season since that 2009 meeting against Texas Tech. Wichita State beat Nebraska en-route to the Shockers' NIT Championship in 2011, and then beat Kansas last year in the NCAA Tournament Round of 32.
Firefox 29 (“Australis”) includes significant design and customization improvements, and we're challenging you to create add-ons that look and feel great in it.
Between March 11 – April 15, 2014, create add-ons that take full advantage of the new design, which opens up new customization opportunities and streamlines the add-on experience in your browser. A panel of judges will pick one winner and two runners-up from each prize category.
All winners will receive Firefox OS phones, and the first-prize winners in each category will also receive a collection of Mozilla gear.
The Categories
Best overall add-on – an add-on that best makes use of the new Australis features, like the new toolbar widgets and tab appearance.
– an add-on that best makes use of the new Australis features, like the new toolbar widgets and tab appearance. Best complete theme – a complete theme that most creatively alters the look and feel of Australis.
– a complete theme that most creatively alters the look and feel of Australis. Best bookmark add-on – an innovative bookmarking add-on that works well with the Australis theme.
Add-ons in Australis
In order to create great entries for this contest you will need to know what's new in Australis. Following is a quick summary of what we've been publishing in the Add-ons Blog.
Changes
The toolbars have changed significantly in Australis. The Add-on Bar at the bottom has been removed, and instead there is a new menu panel that extends the toolbar with buttons and widgets. It is activated by clicking on the button at the right end of the main toolbar. All the items in this new menu are customizable and it's possible to add add-on buttons and widgets to it as well.
The icons in the main toolbar are 18×18 pixels. However, a 1px padding is expected, so the 16×16 pixel icons you should be using for the main toolbar in modern versions of Firefox will work without any changes. Icons are 32×32 pixels in the menu panel and also during customization. So, if you have an add-on that adds a toolbar button to the main toolbar using the usual guidelines of overlaying the button to the palette and then adding it to the toolbar using JS on first run, everything should work the same and you should only change your CSS to something like this:
/* Original CSS */ #my-button { list-style-image : url ( “chrome : //my-extension/skin/icon16.png” ) ; } /* Added for Australis support */ #my-button [ cui-areatype = "menu-panel" ] , toolbarpaletteitem [ place = "palette" ] > #my-button { list-style-image : url ( “chrome : //my-extension/skin/icon32.png” ) ; } /* Original CSS */ #my-button { list-style-image: url(“chrome://my-extension/skin/icon16.png”); } /* Added for Australis support */ #my-button[cui-areatype="menu-panel"], toolbarpaletteitem[place="palette"] > #my-button { list-style-image: url(“chrome://my-extension/skin/icon32.png”); }
Note that buttons in the Australis theme have the cui-areatype attribute set when placed in in the UI. The possible values are menu-panel and toolbar. You can use the toolbar value to have different style for the button in Australis and non-Australis themes.
Australis for Add-on Developers: Part 1 contains more details.
New Customization API
Another exciting addition to Australis is the ability to create toolbar widgets using the CustomizableUI module. You will be able to easily create simple buttons and more interesting widgets with very little code, both for restartless and more conventional add-ons. Here's a sample:
CustomizableUI. createWidget ( { id : "aus-hello-button" , defaultArea : CustomizableUI. AREA_NAVBAR , label : "Hello Button" , tooltiptext : "Hello!" , onCommand : function ( aEvent ) { let win = aEvent. target . ownerDocument . defaultView ; win. alert ( "Hello!" ) ; } } ) ; CustomizableUI.createWidget({ id : "aus-hello-button", defaultArea : CustomizableUI.AREA_NAVBAR, label : "Hello Button", tooltiptext : "Hello!", onCommand : function(aEvent) { let win = aEvent.target.ownerDocument.defaultView; win.alert("Hello!"); } });
Australis for Add-on Developers: Part 2 demonstrates how to leverage this API with two demos and plenty of code to play with.
Get Started!
A Lemoyne man is facing terroristic threats and assault charges after police say they aimed a gun at a female victim and threatened to kill them in their home Sunday night.
Earlier Sunday, an upset William Allen Simpers, 24, sent the victim numerous text messages and insisted they come to their house to talk, police said. The victim eventually went to their home, where the two went into a bedroom, according to police.
While in the room, the victim told police Simpers took their phone and broke it.
They then took a loaded .22 caliber rifle and a loaded pistol, sat the guns on the bed with the barrels pointed at the victim and asked them if they knew what an accidental discharge was, police said. Simpers then told the victim an accidental discharge was about to occur, according to police.
The victim asked Simpers several times if they could leave and they said no, police said. After 45 minutes, police said they let them leave, which is when they called the cops and reported the incident.
Simpers was arrested without incident at their residence and charged with making terroristic threats and unlawful restraint.
They were arraigned by district Judge Elizabeth Beckley and sent to Cumberland County Prison in lieu of $10,000 bail.
Simpers preliminary hearing is set for 9 a.m. Sept. 21.
Funny how a simple email changed so much about my life. Let's go back to 2009, The Hangover and Avatar were in theaters, and Jay-Z, Kanye West, and Rihanna were telling us how they Run This Town. Yours truly was a working stiff, in the marketing department at a financial house. Sitting in a cubicle for the bulk of the workday was not something I enjoyed; I needed action.
My first venture into the interwebz basketball world was with the now defunct Basketballboards.net somewhere around 2004. I was the moderator for the Nuggets page, and spent countless hours debating Nuggets basketball and the NBA with other hoops nerds. My girlfriend, at the time, grew infuriated with the hours I spent on my old school desktop. I found that girlfriends and roommates don't share the same passion for watching 82+ NBA games a year, but I loved writing and I loved sports - so compromises were made.
Timofey Mozgov, my buddy Rory who emailed me about Pickaxe and Roll's opening, and me.
I tailored my Metropolitan State journalism degree to be as much about sports as I could. Magazine and newspaper feature writing courses became sports writing practice for me. I took an amazing course at Metro on the history of baseball (I couldn't believe that was a real class!). While at Metro, I interned for Eric Goodman, Chris Tanaka, and Josina Anderson at KDVR's Fox 31. My main job there was cutting all the highlights for the evening's sports segments, and it was a blast. I learned so much, and I learned that I truly loved writing.
After college, when I was just a working stiff, my buddy Rory emailed me in January of 2009 to let me know that the website I would browse from time-to-time, Pickaxe and Roll, was looking for writers. I got in contact with Matt from Blogabull.com, submitted writing samples, and was given a shot to take over for Jeremy Wagner (who left SB Nation to form Roundball Mining Company for ESPN's Truehoop Network). That first half season was a blast, I wrote over 200 articles from January 23rd to the end of that beautiful Western Conference Finals run. As my work became more consistent, the number of readers began to grow... and grow.
One of our early Stiffs Night Out events at Jake's Food and Spirits, some of our contest winners with me, Feinstein, and Morton. I recall they got some killer tickets behind the Nuggets' bench.
We've told our story more than a few times around here, but after that first season I was informed by SB Nation's Tyler Bleszinski that Andrew Feinstein was interested in merging websites. I had enjoyed Andy's work, but they were the nut who started FireGeorgeKarl.com! If I was going to entertain merging with Feinstein, I would need to meet them in person. Little did I know it at the time, but Feinstein would become a phenomenal friend and fantastic writing colleague - one of my biggest supporters and hopefully they feel the same. Whether I agreed or not, Feinstein's columns have been and will continue to be must read. The man has a way with words, and a way with people. We also may have gotten into a little trouble in Las Vegas at a writing conference, back in the day!
We were bloggers with a vision. Our goal was to become a credential site, so that we could help create news, pen features, and bring the fans closer to the team they loved. But why would the Nuggets ever credential a couple knuckle heads? I still find myself asking that question from time-to-time. Before we could go through the process of obtaining credentials we needed to prove ourselves, and continue to gain credibility. I threw a wrench in our plans when I moved to Wyoming in 2010. While I was there, Feinstein and I agreed we needed more help writing. We turned to one of our most active commenters, jpage78 aka Jeff Morton aka The King of Thornton.
Jeff Morton and I after winning the best sports blog award from Westword for Denver Stiffs.
Morton, Feinstein, and I were a three-headed monster... not too dissimilar from the one the Nuggets front office had in Mark Warkentien, Bret Bearup, and Rex Chapman. How's that for a lofty comparison?!? Never would I have imagined how close the three of us would become. Morton is truly one of the good guys in the "business," and a great friend. I wish I could obtain the paperwork from Verizon on all the texts and calls we've had about the local basketball squad between the two of us, it'd be insane... like the time Joey Graham went for 21 points and 10 rebounds in Game 6 of the 2010 playoffs against the Jazz. Morton's ability to recall the most obscure hoops references, and old school love of the Nuggets is what makes them such an asset. The best part about working with Andy and Jeff is their passion for the team, it's a fine line blogging and being a fan, but I always loved that that's what set us apart. We care.
I've been able to work with some awesome people here on Stiffs. Russscot, Mancar, and CombatChuk do the thankless job of moderating the comment section, and are always present at Stiffs Night Out (I just saw Mancar at the gym yesterday, and I'll always think of them as Mancar!). Colin Neilson aka Beefyswats joined our team, and did a lot of heavy lifting for us with their writing. I also consider Colin a friend, and love that they share their big life events with us, like their fiancé moving here, and showing us the first house they purchased together. Quinn Glassnapp providing us with game coverage from Iowa! Mike Olson, the L.A. man! Olson was the Nuggets good luck charm once upon a time, just ask him! I love Mike's writing, they let you into their life, and relates it back to the team they love. Adam Mares, the second Stiff to attend Las Vegas Summer League as a credentialed reporter, and I have a feeling he'll be going back every summer he's able to make it. Mare sees the game in a bit of a different way than I do, but their viewpoints are on point, and I can't get enough of their work.
I was lucky to be a part of Denver Stiffs. This blog has become so much more than just a place to read Nuggets articles; we are a community. The Stiffs Night Outs have been incredible. We broke down the walls between computer and real life! (Funny but true!) The first SNO took place at Choppers. They lost our reservation as the Altitude TV crew was also there having a watch party that night. We got our own little secluded room, and we all witnessed Chauncey Billups' career high of 39 points in a 126-113 drubbing of the hated Lakers back on Feb. 6th of 2010.
In the locker room at Pepsi Center, trying to hear what Ty Lawson was saying.
The connections with SB Nation went well beyond Denver Stiffs, as well. SBN has an amazing NBA league manager in Seth Pollack. They have been a great mentor in many aspects of running a website, and their commitment is so great that he's going to be attending the first Stiffapalooza - a little writing seminar for the Stiffs site. I got to know Pollack better at the Las Vegas Summer Leagues over the past four years. The trips to Vegas were invaluable for writers to get to meet, write, and live and breath hoops for as many days as you could stand in the desert. One of my favorite SBN writers is Nate Parham of Golden State of Mind, it was so fun talking hoops with them and many others in Vegas over the years. Hearing Parham talk about the Warriors title this past season was surreal and something I hope Nuggets fans get to witness at some point.
When I was given credentials for the 2012-13 season, that's when things got real. I believe that I found the perfect job. I've never once driven to Pepsi Center and felt anything other than joy. They say if you love what you do than you'll never have to work another day in your life, and it's true. Writing about hoops is the most fun I've ever had, and that's why I am taking an opportunity to try to further my writing career. I've accepted a role with BSNDenver.com to be their Nuggets editor (you can keep up with me on Twitter here). It truly was one of the toughest decisions I've ever had to make. I love everything about our team here at Denver Stiffs and SB Nation.
I'm excited about a new opportunity, and I hope that you all continue to support the Stiffs, and hopefully you can find a little room to continue to support me in my new venture, too. I'll definitely keep supporting the Stiffs, and hope to see many of you at the next SNO!
Thank you Denver Stiffs, I bid you all a fond adieu.
IMAX is pushing back its Game of Thrones plans. Why? To make the release even bigger.
Now the acclaimed fantasy hit will come to IMAX theaters on Jan. 29, one week later than originally announced. But Thrones will also be in about 200 theaters instead of the originally planned 150. The change was “prompted by extraordinary consumer response that drove online mentions for IMAX to record heights, will allow for an expanded domestic roll-out,” the theater company said.
More news: IMAX has released its full list of theaters getting the presentation of HBO's acclaimed fantasy hit (so at least now you'll know how far you have to go to see it!).
Thrones will screen in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, Montreal, New York, San Antonio, Seattle, Toronto, Washington, D.C. and other cities. The presentation includes the final two episodes of season four—”The Watchers on the Wall” and the Emmy-nominated “The Children”—as well as an exclusive trailer previewing the upcoming fifth season, which gets underway April 12. Thrones will still screen for just one week.
Game of Thrones has the honor of being the first TV series to ever receive a run in the super-sized cinema format. The episodes will be digitally re-mastered to be compatible with the plus-sized IMAX format.
The full list of theaters is available on the IMAX site here. Tickets go on sale Friday, Jan. 16.
UPDATE: IMAX's website has apparently partly crashed due to “heavy traffic” according to a message on the GoT page.
BUSTED: Elizabeth Warren's CFPB Used Secret “Slush Fund” To Funnel Billions Into Left-Wing Causes
Was the real reason behind Senator Elizabeth Warren's outrage over Mick Mulvaney's appointment as director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) about their own political survival?
The New York Post's Paul Sperry reports that the CFPB is engaged in a wide-variety of corruption.
Everything from amassing secret ledgers to using penalties to ‘launder,' funds into left-wing causes. Of course, because the CFPB operates independently of the U.S. Government, a full audit of the agency's balance sheet have never been done. This sad reality may very well change under Mulvaney's leadership.
New York Post reports:
Bounced business owners and industry reps from secret meetings it's held with Democrat operatives, radical civil-rights activists, trial lawyers and other “community advisers,” according to a report by the House Financial Services Committee. Retained GMMB, the liberal advocacy group that created ads for the Obama and Hillary Clinton presidential campaigns, for more than $40 million, making the Democrat shop the sole recipient of CFPB's advertising expenditure, Rubin says. […] Funneled a large portion of the more than $5 billion in penalties collected from defendants to community organizers aligned with Democrats — “a slush fund by another name,” said a consultant who worked with CFPB on its Civil Penalty Fund and requested anonymity.
Reports of the CFPB awarding lucrative contracts to left-leaning organizations is nothing new.
The CFPB awarded GMMB, the Obama-Hillary ad firm, a $14.7 million contract for “agency media and resource communication,” in June of 2017 and a $16 million payday to marketing materials about student loans and mortgages.
“Most likely President Trump will not appoint a replacement until Mulvaney has exposed the corruption within it. That sunlight is toxic to Elizabeth Warren and can potentially be politically destructive to the Democrats.” wrote Sundance of Conservative Treehouse on November 27th.
While the amount revealed pales in comparison to what is really ‘under the hood,' it's important to remember the CFPB's activities are shrouded in mystery. Perhaps, not for long if the Trump administration gets its way.
Warren may one day see the sunlight.
Fewer Than One-Fourth Of Cybersecurity Job Candidates Are Qualified
ISACA report finds that 55% of security jobs take three- to six months to fill, and under 25% of candidates are qualified for the jobs they apply for.
Sobering news on the cybersecurity hiring front: More than 20% of organizations get fewer than five applicants for an open security job and more than half of all positions (55%) take at least three months to fill with a qualified candidate.
Of those who do apply, fewer than 25% are actually qualified for the posted job, according to a new ISACA report released at last week's RSA Conference in San Francisco.
It won't surprise anyone in IT management to learn that it's extremely challenging to fill open jobs in information security. But the ISACA's report on the state of security hiring quantifies those challenges more starkly.
The source of the problem doesn't appear to be money, says Eddie Schwartz, an ISACA director and also EVP of cyber services at security vendor DarkMatter. "We continue to see a lack of qualified candidates, even though companies are offering extremely competitive salaries, higher than other IT jobs," Schwartz says.
The report, generated from an email survey to ISACA members around the world, also honed in on an infosec applicant's most important qualifications, which are apparently less about their training and more about the hands-on, practical experience they bring to the table.
"What we're going to see is a continued departure from a bunch of letters after people's names and verifying that they have the skills needed," Schwartz says, referring to acronyms like CISSP, and others. So rather than just writing code and answering rudimentary security questions, infosec candidates can expect to be in dropped into live-fire scenarios that reflect their levels of experience.
"If you're an apprentice, they'd be more rudimentary, but if you're an expert you're going to be asked to work in more advanced scenarios," Schwartz says.
In the last 20 years, many employers have taken the approach of bringing on a cybersecurity professional as a generalist, then encouraging them or them to add certifications and climb the ladder as their experience and knowledge grew, Schwartz says. Others tried to draw security talent from their organization's pool of software coders. But employers typically haven't done enough "shepherding" of security talent, cultivating skills internally, and training people to replace their bosses, they add.
More recently, the industry started in the direction of creating apprentices, journeymen, and masters of infosec. They point to ISACA's own CSX certification program as an example of that hierarchical progression.
But clearly, the security talent-nurturing equation needs a refresh.
ISACA and employers have work to do with educators and their computer engineering and IT management programs, Schwartz adds. And employers need to start embracing how Millennial and Gen Y professionals work and learn.
"They prefer just-in-time training and ratings like the ones in gaming systems," Schwartz says. "They're all about how they can continually gain knowledge and how they rank relative to their peers."
ISACA is starting to see corporations incentivize Millennials to take part in team-based training, for example, with one goal to improve their ratings, they add.
Other key findings from ISACA's state of cybersecurity report:
32% of respondents say it takes six months or more to fill their security positions.
Only 13% report receiving 20 or more applications for a security job.
13% of respondents cite referrals or personal endorsements as the most important attribute for candidates; 12%, certifications, followed by formal education (10%), and specific training (9%).
Related Content:
Terry Sweeney is a Los Angeles-based writer and editor who has covered technology, networking, and security for more than 20 years. They were part of the team that started Dark Reading and has been a contributor to The Washington Post, Crain's New York Business, Red Herring, ... View Full Bio
Export rules or immigration restrictions on scientists and engineers draw little public attention, but they are an important part of what some analysts call “the ecology of innovation,” factors in society that inhibit or enhance the development of useful and profitable technologies.
Over the years, several federal panels and private groups have suggested changes in the rules. But the report said the issue never gained political traction because it was “arcane” and “under the radar” of most Americans.
Other experts say some potential critics held back for fear of being labeled soft on national security. That fear arose often when the country in question was China, which is progressing quickly in computing, aerospace and other high-tech areas.
Mr. Scowcroft said the restrictions limited the collaboration of American scientists and engineers with colleagues from other countries, “harming our national security by harming our economy.”
They said in an interview that the government should assume that technology was eligible for export unless shown to be a danger, rather than requiring would-be exporters to prove the opposite.
Photo
Dr. Hennessy said it would be difficult to put a dollar figure on the costs the regulatory environment had exacted on the American economy. But, they said: “It inhibits companies from going into certain technologies. They don't want to deal with the whole uncertainty.”
The people expected to deal with these issues in the Obama administration would not comment on the report. But in a technology position paper issued during their presidential campaign, Mr. Obama said they supported “comprehensive immigration reform” to encourage skilled workers to enter and remain in the United States.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Speaking of the aerospace industry, they said they would review export rules that had “unduly hampered” competitiveness.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In their report, panel members said they had deliberately designed recommendations that could be put into effect at once, through an executive order, which they said should be “one of the first orders of business in January.”
But Baker Spring, a national security analyst with the Heritage Foundation, a conservative research group in Washington, said that while there might be merit in some immediate changes, anything that could be done quickly “is almost certain to be incomplete.”
Mr. Spring, who said they had not read the report, said they favored a country-by-country approach because policies appropriate for “close allies” like Britain or Australia might not be appropriate for countries like China.
Among other things, the panel said the president should do the following:
¶Restructure the export-control process to advance economic competitiveness as well as national security, allowing “openness and engagement to prevail unless a compelling case can be made for restrictions” which, in turn, must have “a rational basis.”
¶Require controls to be reassessed at least yearly.
¶Establish two independent panels within the National Security Council to assess controls and decide disputes about export limits.
¶Streamline the visa process for scientists and engineers and automatically allow foreign students to remain in the country at least a year after earning advanced degrees in scientific or technical fields.
¶Allow American experts to vouch for “well-known scholars and researchers” seeking to enter the United States.
“The U.S. cannot protect U.S. jobs by denying access to foreign professionals,” the panel said. “Jobs will simply go abroad.”
Microsoft recently made some announcements about the end of infrastructure roles for Nano Server and the twice-yearly updates to Windows Server. Microsoft has since clarified some of the points, so I thought it would be worth revisiting these inter-related topics.
The Announcements
Microsoft made two announcements:
Semi-Annual Releases : Microsoft will be starting a new program that Software Assurance (SA) customers can opt into. With this program, you will get a new release of Windows Server every Autumn/Fall or Spring. Non-SA customers will continue to get the every-3-years or so releases that will contain most Windows Server features.
: Microsoft will be starting a new program that Software Assurance (SA) customers can opt into. With this program, you will get a new release of Windows Server every Autumn/Fall or Spring. Non-SA customers will continue to get the every-3-years or so releases that will contain most Windows Server features. Nano Server: It was announced that all of the infrastructure roles of Nano Server, such as Hyper-V and Storage Spaces Direct, and the ability to use Nano Server in a virtual machine, would be removed in the next release of Windows Server. This will probably be in September.
Many of the questions were raised after these inter-related announcements. Nano Server was supposed to be supported only in SA. To be supported, you had to run it in the Current Branch for Business, which was supposed to result in twice-yearly releases.
Jeff Woolsey, a Principal Program Manager in Windows Server, is a guy we Hyper-V veterans respect for their frankness. We also enjoyed their back-and-forth via blog posts with VMware back in the 2008/R2 era. They recently responded to a number of questions on the semi-annual release blog post and filled in some of the knowledge gaps.
Nano Server
A small but vocal niche was quite upset about the reduced role of Nano Server. The reality is that the adoption of and feature requests for Nano Server drove the change. Jeff said:
“The adoption for Nano Server as an infrastructure has been a mere fraction overall and the requests are substantially different. Users deploying Nano Server on hardware as an infrastructure role want us to add things like a Setup experience, 32-bit support, more drivers, Roles and Features, and more. At this point, Nano Server looks like Server Core or Microsoft Hyper-V Server 2016.”
As I expected, very few people deployed Nano Server in production. Of those people, they wanted so many changes that Microsoft was essentially going to be making a new version of Server Core. Why do that?
The future of Nano Server is in Windows Server Containers. This means that Microsoft will be removing the Nano Server “image” from the Windows Server media. Container images are downloaded from the Internet to a local image repository.
This decision allows Microsoft to remove more from Nano Server, which makes it smaller again. It becomes even better suited for containerized workloads. An interesting note on this subject was:
“WMI is also removed from the Nano Server base. Therefore, any PowerShell cmdlets based on WMI will not work on a Nano Server container.”
Remote management must be modernized for containerized applications.
What about support for existing Nano deployments? While Windows Server has the classic 5 years mainstream support plus 5 years of extended support with optional paid for Premium Support, Nano Server is different. Nano Server requires you to be in the Current Branch for Business, which is being renamed in the Server world to Semi-Annual Channel. Jeff clarified the support for existing Nano Server deployments. You do not have much time left to migrate from Nano Server!
“The version of Nano Server that we shipped in October 2016 will be supported until spring of 2018. We encourage you to migrate to the Server Core option of Windows Server 2016 that is available now or else the new Server Core option feature release that is coming this fall.”
Semi-Annual Releases
The first thing we need to know is that not all installation options of Windows Server are being included in the Semi-Annual Channel:
The assault on the 70 percent or more of companies that work with a GUI installation of Windows Server continues. Clearly, I have run a few surveys of the years. If you have SA on your Windows Server and Windows Server CALs (both are required) and you want to opt into the Semi-Annual Channel, then you must be running Server Core.
I never run Server Core in production for the same reasons that I would never run Nano Server in production. I guess that I am not going to be getting these updates until the next Long-term Servicing Channel release.
I will not be alone. As I said, I have run a few surveys of the years. The shift from Full installations to Server Core since 2008 R2 has been just 10 percent (from 20 percent to 30 percent). Note that the Core numbers were skewed by those using the free Hyper-V Server, which is based on Server Core.
Those running Windows Server in Azure will inherit the Semi-annual Channel option because they are paying for Windows Server (via the virtual machine) via either SA (Hybrid Use Benefit) or per-minute via the cost of the machine. Windows Server CALs are not required for Azure virtual machines because they are licensed per core.
“Calvary” is the kind of film that leaves a theater silent at the final credits. It's not the silence of boredom or a morgue, but the silence of people collecting their emotions in order to breathe again.
Friends who've seen the film, some of them already two or three times, have noticed the same effect. From the first frame to the last, “Calvary” has an understated power – a blend of everyday pain, faith, despair, humor, candor, bitterness, and forgiveness – that brands itself onto the heart with spare simplicity. It's also the best portrayal of a good priest in impossible circumstances I've seen in several decades.
Plenty of good reviews of Calvary already exist. I can't improve on them here. It's enough to say that the cast – led by Brendan Gleeson in an extraordinary performance – gives us a menagerie of human foibles, and the County Sligo setting has a raw Irish beauty that few viewers will ever forget.
But it's the story that makes the film.
Gleeson plays an innocent man, a good priest, in the aftermath of Ireland's devastating sex abuse scandal. A late vocation, a widower with a troubled adult daughter, he's surrounded by people they know better than they know themselves, characters ripe with indifference, resentment and cynicism, sprinkled with just enough courtesy to mask their contempt.
Into their confessional comes a man, the victim of clergy rape as a child, who informs them that they will murder them on Sunday in a week's time – not because he's a bad priest, but precisely because he's a good priest. The rest of the film is the priest's day-by-day path through the needs and circumstances of their people, and their own fear, to a meeting on the beach with the man who intends to kill them – a man whose voice the priest recognizes, but does not disclose, from the very beginning.
This is not a film for the young or the naïve. But along with the darkness come moments of great beauty: the priest's kindness to an aging writer friend; their love for their daughter; their awareness of their own flaws and their patience with the flaws of their people; their humor and mentoring with a young altar server; and an astonishing scene with a young French woman, widowed in a car accident, about faith, death and gratitude for a married life filled with love.
Near the end of the film is a scene – a telephone conversation between the priest and their daughter filled with mercy, reconciliation, and forgiveness – that stays in the memory long after the screen goes black.
The Irish actor Chris O'Dowd, who plays a key supporting role in the story, has described themselves as an atheist and organized religion as a “weird cult” in recent interviews. But he's also said that “the relationship I have with priests in my own life is very, very positive. Even though I wouldn't consider myself a Catholic anymore, I wouldn't have done this film if I felt it was a hatchet job on priests.”
O'Dowd may be the voice of a “post-Christian” Ireland, but it's curious: Amid all the ruin, suffering and unbelief caused by the abuse scandal of the past decade, the witness of a good priest who loves their people can somehow, so often, remain intact.
Or maybe it's not so curious. One of the truths at the heart of this film is that the sins of the past bear a bitter kind of fruit in the present, in pain, anger, and revenge. Hypocrisy never stays hidden forever. But the opposite is also true: Love also leaves its indelible mark on the world.
“Unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains alone; but if it dies, it bears much fruit” (Jn 12:24). It's the easy sort of passage from Scripture that Gleeson's priest would admit sounds like a tired cliché, and yet they give their lives to it.
The result is an intimate, unblinking, unforgettable film.
Archbishop Charles Chaput, a native of Kansas and a member of the Capuchin Franciscans, has led the Philadelphia archdiocese since 2011. He's the author of “Render Unto Caesar: Serving the Nation by Living our Catholic Beliefs in Political Life” (Random House, 2008).
Wow! Now here's a supernova bright enough for even small telescope observers to see. And it's in a bright galaxy in Ursa Major well placed for viewing during evening hours in the northern hemisphere. Doesn't get much better than that! The new object was discovered last night by S.J. Fossey; news of the outburst first appeared on the Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams “Transient Objects Confirmation Page”
Astronomers are saying this new supernova is currently at magnitude +11 to +12, so It's definitely not visible with the naked eye. You'll need a 4 inch telescope at least to be able to see it. That said, at 12 million light years away, this is (at the moment) the brightest, closest supernova since SN 1993 J kaboomed in neighboring galaxy M81 21 years ago in 1993. M81 and M82, along with NGC 3077, form a close-knit interacting group.
It's amazing it wasn't found and reported sooner (update — see below, as perhaps it was!). M82 is a popular target for beginning and amateur astronomers; pre-discovery observations show it had already brightened to magnitude 13.9 on the 16th, 13.3 on the 17th and 12.2 on the 19th. Cold winter weather and clouds to blame?
M82 is a bright, striking edge-on spiral galaxy bright enough to see in binoculars. Known as the Cigar or Starburst Galaxy because of its shape and a large, active starburst region in its core, it's only 12 million light years from Earth and home to two previous supernovae in 2004 and 2008. Neither of those came anywhere close to the being as bright as the discovery, and it's very possible the new object will become brighter yet.
PSN J09554214+6940260 is a Type Ia supernova. Type Ia (one-a), a dry term describing one of the most catastrophic events in the universe. Here a superdense white dwarf, a star only about the size of Earth but with the gravitational power of a sun-size star, pulls hydrogen gas from a nearby companion down to its surface where it adds to the star's weight.
When the dwarf packs enough pounds to reach a mass 1.4 times that of the sun, it can no longer support itself. The star suddenly collapses, heats to incredible temperatures and burns up explosively in a runaway fusion reaction. What we see here on Earth is the sudden appearance of a brand-new star within the galaxy's disk. Of course, it's not really a new star, but rather the end of an aged one.
I know you're as excited as I am to get a look at this spectacular new star the next clear night, so I've prepared a couple maps to help you find the galaxy. The best time to see the supernova is as soon as the sky gets dark when it's already up in the northeastern sky above the Dipper Bowl, but since it's circumpolar for mid-latitude observers, you can check it out any time of night.
My maps show its position for around 8 o'clock. When you dial in the galaxy in your telescope, look for a starry point along its long axis west and south of the nucleus. All the fury of this fantastic blast is concentrated in that meek spark of light glimmering in the galactic haze.
Good luck and enjoy watching one of the biggest show of fireworks the universe has to offer. We'll keep you posted with the latest updates right here. For more photos and additional information, please see David Bishop's excellent Latest Supernovae site. For charts with magnitudes to follow the supernova's progress, visit the AAVSO's Variable Star Plotter and type in ‘PSN J09554214+6940260' for the star's name. You can read more about the followup work by the Remanzacco Observatory team here.
UPDATE: Fraser and team from the Virtual Star Party actually imaged M82 on Sunday evening, and you can see it in the video below at the 22 minute mark. It really looks like a bright spot is showing up — and that's about a day before it was announced. Did they catch it? In the video the galaxy appears upside down as compared to the images here:
UT reader Andrew Symes took a screenshot from the VSP, flipped it, and compared it with photo from Meineko Sakura from the Tao Astronomical Observatory it really appears the team caught the supernova before it was actually announced! Take a look:
WARNING: The content in the video contains graphic images that some viewers may find disturbing.
This video was brought to you by KIESER. To learn more about their physiotherapy and strength training services, click here.
The end-of-season clean-up is a term synonymous with professional sport.
It has become the norm to hear of AFL players going under the knife during the off-season.
Some players will go through their careers largely unscathed when it comes to the prevalence of surgeries, and others will have multiple.
The 2016 AFLPA Alumni survey revealed that 75 per cent of past players report receiving a serious injury during their career, while 56 per cent receiving six or more injuries during their playing career. Knee, shoulder, head and foot injuries are the most prevalent.
In the case of Richmond's Jayden Short, it's second time lucky when it comes to repairing their injured shoulder.
The dynamic speedster originally sustained the injury playing TAC Cup, before joining Richmond and finally understanding the magnitude of the injury.
In their AFL debut in Round 2, 2016, Short re-injured it against Collingwood, but believed the joint was stable enough and opted to not go down the surgery route.
As 2017 rolled around, the fleet-footed half-back again hurt the troublesome spot before deciding to go under the knife at season's end.
In the video above, AFLPlayers.com.au was granted exclusive access behind-the-scenes of their surgery, just days after Richmond's triumphant Grand Final win.
Watch as the 21-year-old goes through the consultation process with orthopaedic surgeon, John Salmon, and is then taken under the knife at St. Vincent's Private Hospital in Kew.
Editor's Note:
Rogue Investor Exposes Secret ‘250% Calendar'. See The Trades
Editor's Note:
Donald Trump is ready to run for governor of New York if the state's Republicans will unify behind him, but state GOP Chairman Ed Cox says Trump should officially declare their candidacy if he's serious about seeking the state's top spot.Trump told the New York Daily News , after a two-hour meeting with 50 Republicans in their office on Friday, that they are seeking full support of the party and wants no primary elections."You can't have primaries," said Trump. "You can't have all the wasted time and effort in doing that. You have to pick somebody and go to win. If that couldn't happen, I wouldn't do it."Cox, though, said Trump should go through the process of running, like any other candidate."If Donald Trump is serious about running for governor, they should declare their candidacy, run and go through the process," Cox is already supporting Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino's potential campaign, the Daily News reports.Astorino has not yet officially decided to run, but their spokesperson, Jessica Proud, said they would not step aside and allow Trump to run unopposed."We think it's great he's thinking of running," Proud said. "They both care deeply about the state and are both very concerned watching Gov. [Andrew] Cuomo manage its decline."Meanwhile, they said Astorino is "going to continue to go through their process, traveling around the state. We're going to Syracuse next week and Oswego. If Mr. Trump is interested in running, we encourage them to go through their own process."Astorino has said they will spend the next two months speaking with donors and business owners, and others to decide whether they should run for governor.Trump insisted their interest this time around is real, even though Republicans and Democrats alike criticize the real estate mogul for threatening to run for many offices, including the presidency, without following through.Trump, though, said after their meeting with the 50 Republicans that they are very interested in running, and that daughter Ivanka and son Eric can run their businesses if they are elected.Trump also thinks Cuomo can be defeated because of their unpopular policies on taxes and gun control.Trump is already gathering some support among Republicans who think they are the only person who and defeat Cuomo. The billionaire is also expected to report that their campaign coffers already have more than $30 million available.He has said that they will come to a decision early next month before their address to the Manhattan Republican Party Lincoln Day Dinner.Trump and Astorino met at Trump's office Thursday, where they talked about New York's issues, including the business climate and regulatory policies.Proud said Trump and Astorino have had contacts in the past, including playing golf together, and Trump even donated $15,000 to a past Astorino campaign.Buffalo business person Carl Paladino, who lost to Cuomo last year, also plans to run, saying he'll seek the party's nomination if whoever the other Republican candidates don't call to ouster the state Legislature's Republican leadership.Trump says they haven't spoken with Paladino, but they like "his spirit and I like their drive. I'm sure he'll come along. They want to see a change. They have the state's best interests in mind.”
Twittering Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor opened a campaign last Wednesday to raise money for Eric De La Cruz, a Nevada Medicaid patient in need of a heart transplant. Both Nine-Inch Nails and tour mates Jane's Addiction are offering special deals for the remaining shows on their tour to fundraise for De La Cruz's hopeful transplant.
A $300 donation will grant concert attendees access to the pre-show soundcheck and a meet-and-greet with the band, while $1,000 will get you backstage for dinner and relaxing with the band, as well as stage-side viewing for the show, autographs and pictures. For fans without tickets, a $1,200 donation comes with two tickets to the show and VIP treatment backstage. This is NIN's final tour, so fans of the band will want to seize this opportunity.
De La Cruz was turned down from transplant lists because of the lack of transplant centers in Nevada. Reznor became aware of their situation after De La Cruz's sister, former CNN.com news anchor Veronica De La Cruz, began a fundraising campaign on their website. The campaign is as much to raise money for Eric as it is to raise awareness of Nevada's limited transplant opportunities, and to petition Senator Harry Reid and other Congress members for improved legislation.
In part thanks to Reznor's Twitter presence and the letter they posted on the NIN website, the results of their fundraising were pretty astounding, collecting over $260,000 in one day. The total is still climbing, past $645,000 towards a goal set by Veronica of $706,968.
The Canadian Wildlife Service believes there are enough mourning doves for all Ontarians — from those who watch them coo at the backyard feeder, to those who like to shoot, clean, and pair them with a wild rice pilaf. For the first time in 58 years, Environment Canada is allowing a mourning dove hunt in the central and southern Ontario districts. In municipalities that allow hunting, hunters are allowed to bag 15 a day and have 45 in their possession from early September to mid-November.
Mourning doves are a familiar sight in Ontario, at backyard bird feeders and in farm fields. Conservationists aren't worried about the hunt's affect on their numbers. ( Dreamstime )
“The fall population has tripled since the 1960s and the harvest is likely to be less than 1 (per cent) of the fall population and would therefore have little to no impact on the population,” a spokesperson from Environment Canada wrote in an email. Mourning doves, considered a game bird species under the international Migratory Birds Convention, are hunted in British Columbia. They were hunted only once in Ontario, during the 1955 season. According to Environment Canada, hunters had been asking to dive hunt for years. Back in 2005, that didn't seem likely. One Canadian Wildlife Service biologist emailed an interested hunter to say that there was no tradition in Ontario and only “sporadic interest.”
Article Continued Below
Over the next five years, more people asked, and by 2011, the Canadian Wildlife Service had produced a 45-page assessment in which it concluded hunting the dove was biologically justifiable given the population, but noted that “some segments of society regard this species as a beautiful song bird or a symbol of peace that should not be hunted. This species often evokes strong emotions in many people.” For the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters, that emotion is excitement, as they can finally join in the “continental harvest.” The mourning dove is a popular game bird south of the border, hunted in 40 states including Wisconsin, where it doubles as the state symbol of peace and, more recently, as the key ingredient in a mushroom soup recipe in a government pamphlet. According to a map from the U.S. Humane Society, states that don't allow the hunt are generally in the northeast, including New York, Michigan and Vermont. More than 20 million mourning doves are killed each year in the U.S., some used as “live targets,” according to the Humane Society. Hunters dispute that classification.
“It's just something that is very hard to shoot with a gun, but that doesn't mean we're not picking them up and eating them,” said Scott Petrie, who is an executive director with Long Point Waterfowl, an adjunct Western University biology professor and board member with the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters. “I would never give doves away; they are just a delicacy.” Dawn Sucee, a wildlife biologist with the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters, says the birds are excellent grilled, broiled or roasted, and noted the harvest is in line with the sustainable food movement.
Article Continued Below
In Ontario, mourning doves are a common backyard bird, and prolific breeders. Recent breeding population estimates range from about 1.2 to 1.3 million birds in the spring, and between 2.8 and 3.7 million in the fall, according to Environment Canada. Chris Earley, an interpretive biologist and education co-ordinator at the University of Guelph Arboretum, doesn't think the hunt will significantly affect the population, but they are concerned that other birds may be killed by mistake. (Sucee says the ability to differentiate between species is “implicit in all hunting.”) They said it's also important to consider animals that prey on mourning doves — like the Cooper's hawk. When Earley was younger, the hawks were much rarer because of pesticide use. “I think part of their recovery is that the mourning dove population has gone up,” they said. “Cooper's hawks really like to eat mourning doves. You wouldn't want to affect the entire ecology, if the hunt becomes too much of a problem for keeping populations at a healthy level.” Caroline Schultz, executive director at Nature Ontario, which represents 150 nature and conservation groups across the province, said members are upset with what they see as a lack of consultation on this issue. Even though it's contentious, they noted that many in the non-hunting conservation community are supportive of hunts that keep hyper-abundant populations in check. “In the case of mourning doves, these birds aren't doing any damage that we're aware of, it doesn't fall into the category of a species that is having a negative impact,” they said. They acknowledged that there is a consensus the hunt won't devastate the population, but there are concerns. “I think hunters are nature lovers, most of them, but the non-hunting nature lovers, they can't understand the mindset around why one would want to hunt these,” they said, noting that other animals provide a lot more meat. “Those are the kinds of questions that people have, and they feel those should have been brought up and discussed in a much more open public forum.” Petrie says there are many animals that are small, but still delicacies. They also praised the hunt as being a great way for new hunters to get involved. While the birds are difficult to hit mid-air, they are less wary than other birds on the ground, in the farm fields where they are usually found. “It's very hard to hide a person in a wheelchair to hunt ducks and geese, but it's not hard to hide a person to hunt doves,” they said. “I know a few guys in wheelchairs who are really excited about the opportunity.”
From full exchange machines to one-way dispensers, CoinDesk brings you the latest in bitcoin automated service news from around the world.
It seems the community is still deciding on an official name that describes the wide variety of machines offered as bitcoin ATMs – except for Robocoin, that is, which now describes its machines as ‘branches'.
While supporting the new term, we'll continue to use ‘bitcoin ATM' here for the time being for consistency and Google-ability.
The last week has provided another technological buffet of of ATM/BTM installations and news, further proving that bitcoin and the hardware supporting its economy are global and unstoppable.
Taiwan
Taiwan has had its ice-cream store-based ATM for a while and now its operators have added a multilingual interface for their international clientele.
The Lamassu machine now serves customers in English, Italian, German and French. The notable exception is Chinese, which is still in development and planned for release in the near future.
#Taiwan's first #Bitcoin machine now offers multi-language support. pic.twitter.com/EJC2NFkZAE
– Bitcoin in Taiwan (@BitcoinFormosa) 13th May 2014
In further news from the company, its second bitcoin ATM is to be launched soon.
Glasgow, Scotland
The country that gave the world liberal economics now is furthering that cause with a Lamassu ATM, and charging a more than reasonable 0% fee on transactions.
CeX, a tech retailer, is promoting its machine as a way to encourage the general public into using bitcoin via a simple way to buy the digital currency at its bricks-and-mortar location in Glasgow.
China
Last weekend's Global Bitcoin Summit in Beijing wasn't just about central bank regulations and mining hardware. Startup BitOcean also demonstrated a pair of active ATMs it has developed in partnership with major exchange OKCoin.
Vancouver, Canada
Vancouver has been the spiritual home of bitcoin ATMs since it installed the world's first machine back in October last year. Now it has another, a Lamassu kiosk owned by Yuri Yerofeyev, a local bitcoin entrepreneur, trader and Director of The Bitcoin Co-op.
The new ATM can be found at 1195 Robson Street, Vancouver, and, going forwards, customers will be able to purchase their bitcoin at an exchange rate of Virtex +5%. For now, though, the rate is +3% as a promotional offer, so get round there pronto if you need some bitcoin.
DIY vending machine
If you preferred to spend a day or so building your own machine and saving some bucks in the process, the Open Bitcoin ATM project is now selling kits for its DIY one-way vending kiosks for $645 to US and Canadian customers.
The machine's clear acrylic case shows you and everyone else just how much fiat currency is being funnelled into bitcoin, although at this stage its note reader accepts US dollars only.
Bristol and London, UK
UK company SatoshiPoint says it has a Robocoin waiting in customs to be installed at Superfoods (25-27 St Stephens Street, Bristol), which also accepts bitcoin and has plans for expansion across the country.
SatoshiPoint has also been seen unloading other Robocoin machines in London and said it will be launching them officially after the Bitcoin2014 conference Amsterdam, which finished yesterday.
London is now on track to rival Singapore as the city with most bitcoin ATM installations.
This deck is like a box of chocolates - You never know what you're gonna get.
I have been constantly tweaking this deck for playability testing out various combos.
You do not have to run all combos in the deck at all times. There are core files that make up the mechanic, the rest is up to you.
Below are a bunch of ideas and combos that I have played with over time so you can build you own sideboard or version of the box for yourself.
Please don't forget to +1 this deck if you like it
Playing this baby you will be saying to your opponents on so many occasions "Yah that just happened..."
This deck is a convertible with so many different modes in which to play it. The concept is to utilize the infinite combo of
Kiora's Follower x2 + 1x Illusionist's Bracers
This combo allows you to infinitely tap and untap any single card with a tap effect on the board.
Utilizing this combo you can for example:
Infinitely tap and untap a Lobber Crew
Infinitely tap and untap any land for infinite mana of one color
Infinitely tap and untap Sylvan Caryatid
Infinitely tap and untap a Codex Shredder
Infinitely tap and untap this combo Gorgon's Head Izzet Staticaster
Infinite mana can be used for things like Biomass Mutation for X/X to all creatures you control. Or with Nylea's Bow utilizing any other un-tap effect to add counters to your creatures.
The other great mechanic is the Elite Arcanist with basically any instant exiled to it. With all the untap capabilities of the combos in here you can effectively have a on demand:
SIDE BOARDING TIPS
With the core structure of the mainboard you can sideboard in whatever you like to really shake up a game. I would recommend when side boarding this deck to swap out the Simic Charm / Urban Evolution set for whatever you want to sideboard in.
For some serious fun you can throw in singletons of many sideboard cards and play as a grab bag. Your opponent will never know what is coming in any given game and neither will you.
INFINITE COMBO POSSIBILITIES
Infinite Damage
Elite Arcanist + Triton Tactics and Zhur-Taa Druid
Infinite creature removal
Kiora's Follower x2 + 1x Illusionist's Bracers and Gorgon's Head + Izzet Staticaster
Infinite Milling
Kiora's Follower x2 + 1x Illusionist's Bracers and Codex Shredder
Infinite Mana
Kiora's Follower x2 + 1x Illusionist's Bracers and Any Land or Sylvan Caryatid
ANOTHER AWESOME LITTLE COMBO PIECE
Burst of Strength + Elite Arcanist Put as many +1/+1 counters on your Elite Arcanist as you have mana leaving it untapped for an attack during your attack phase.
Burst of strength is 1 drop and untaps creature so tap your left over mana into it and give it as many counters as you have mana leaving it untapped for attack.
Then Bioshift any number of those counters to Sage of Hours or Fathom Mage for a tonne of card draw or a couple extra turns to repeat the process all over again.
There you have it, a core deck structure that can be shifted and modified into any kind of fun combo deck your inner brewer can come up with.
Remember +1 if you like the combos...
Thanks!
The deadline for college football underclassmen to declare for the 2014 NFL Draft takes place on January 15, so a number of underclassmen have been doing their due diligence and have requested evaluations from the NFL Draft advisory committee.
More than 150 underclassmen submitted a request to the draft board, but there was one name that was absent from the list — Texas A&M Aggies star quarterback Johnny Manziel.
From Albert Breer of the NFL Network:
To give you a point of ref on college players submitting names to the draft board, by last weekend, 156 players from 48 schools had done so. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) December 19, 2013
… And of the 156 underclassmen from 58 schools who'd asked the NFL for draft grades, one name was noticeably absent: Johnny Manziel. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) December 19, 2013
Of course, this does not mean that Manziel is not considering entering the draft. In fact, it could mean the exact opposite.
There is a real chance that Manziel has already made up their mind to go pro, so there was no need to do the paperwork and request and evaluation.
The other possibility is that Manziel simply forgot to get the paperwork to the draft board in time, which would be another red flag. We would have to guess that the former is more likely to be the case.
Here's a factoid: I was up to my neck in Final Fantasy XII when Dragon Age: Origins came out.* The culture shock of traveling from Ivalice to Ferelden was like jumping into a frozen lake. It's not surprising then, that Drs. Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk, CEO and vie-president of BioWare, don't seem particularly stoked about Square Enix' most recent behemoth.
"I've been reading some reviews [of Final Fantasy XIII]," Muzyka said. "That may be on the bottom of my list right now. It's kind of a question mark. It would have been right up there before I read about it, but some of this other stuff is probably more pressing."
And Zeschuk chimed in with their own reservations about the game's development time: "It's really interesting. They're trying to do something different, which is admirable, but it's hard. They also had a very long development cycle. They may have been aiming at a real interesting spot at one point, but then too much time goes by. Not only are there a lot of games, but they are coming out fast."
I don't want to suggest that the Good Doctors are being malicious or dishonest; but, in terms of how role-playing fans will spend their time and money this month, I doubt Dragon Age: Awakenings really appreciates the stiff competition from Final Fantasy XIII.
For what it's worth, what I've been reading about Final Fantasy XIII makes me want to play it (Jim's rather scathing review notwithstanding). But Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk make some of the most popular and acclaimed videogames of all time, and I'm probably going to eat a ham sandwich for dinner, so you pick whose advice to take. And I haven't even trashed any of my competitors in, like, the past half hour.
BioWare Head: FF XIII "On the Bottom Of My List" [GameInformer]
* And now I have the good fortune of being in the middle of both!
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
In a campaign speech on Tuesday, Sen. Marco Rubio vowed to bust up the higher education “cartel.” It was an address in which the young senator was expected to detail their economic policies before tech entrepreneurs in Chicago; but Rubio left out more than a handful of details in their advocacy of for-profit colleges to challenge state schools and nonprofit private schools.
First of all, they neglected to mention the minor detail that the for-profit, corporate higher-ed market is increasingly seen as a total racket in which education corporations like Everest, Kaplan and the University of Phoenix market “low-quality” degree programs that more often than not leave buyers with incomes less than those of high school dropouts. Products called “degree programs” are sold for many thousands of dollars by companies like the massive Education Management Corporation (EDMC), which is 40 percent owned by Goldman Sachs; and if you can possibly believe it, corporations like EDMC are found to be more interested in young people's money than their education.
Advertisement:
Yet Rubio simply proposed “a new accreditation process that welcomes low-cost, innovative providers.” What does a “new accreditation process” mean? One can only assume that it means a loosening of regulations so that less-than-real-actual- universities can be called “universities” and get in on that sweet government money that's loaned and given to students for education.
Rubio didn't mention that existing education corporations, unlike virtually the entire rest of the economy, rely on government money for their massive profits, with the vast bulk of companies' revenues coming from financial aid, federal low-interest loans and Pell grants. They failed to mention how the companies' revenues are allowed to be composed of government money up to 90 percent, a threshold that many companies approach or exceed, and that a veterans benefits loophole to this rule lead schools to “aggressively and deceptively recruit” service members and their families into what is called by former students a “predatory lending scheme.”
Later in the speech, Rubio talked about lowering taxes, but they didn't get to the part about how tens of billions of tax dollars are deposited into the bank accounts of education corporations only to have more than half of the students who enroll (on the taxpayers' dime) leave “within a median of 4 months,” according to a Senate report focusing only on 2008-09 alone.
The same report found that 76 percent of the corporations on the receiving end of that unbelievable transfer of public wealth are owned either by private equity firms or publicly traded corporations “closely tracked by analysts and investors.” So it's a money pump that sends tax dollars to Wall Street, which everyone loves.
Rubio didn't mention how they worked behind the scenes to pull strings for Corinthian Colleges, Inc., the owner of the Everest college brand and contributor to Rubio's PAC. Bloomberg Politics reported in April on a letter sent by Rubio to Department of Education urging that the massive corporation be allowed to continue receiving federal student loan money (Rubio's loathed tax dollars) in veritable truckloads while the company was under investigation for lying significantly to prospective students about its product, constituting a “predatory lending scheme.” The corporation closed within 12 months after years of various investigations into its shadiness, but not after receiving an unbelievable $1.2 billion in federal student loans during its final year in operation.
The attorneys general of at least 36 states are involved in investigating the for-profit higher ed sector, and as of March of this year almost 560 different education sellers have had their access to student financial aid curtailed under what the Department of Education calls “heightened cash management.”
Advertisement:
Federal money handed out freely is chum in the water for corporations, and they've responded predictably. Rubio, however, presents the “cartel of existing colleges and universities” as the problem, where “market forces” do not reign. Capitalism's market forces will clear the corruption of the cartel, Rubio promises. Yet arguably the most corruption-prone aspect of the American collegiate system, athletic departments and their football programs most pronouncedly, are the parts of campuses that operate most capitalistically, so much so that many argue that players should now be paid like employees.
Education isn't a product to be simply bought and sold. It's a public good. It strengthens not only the educated citizen but, in the end, their community and country. It's not a widget. Leave the market to handle the widgets, and let the centuries-old American university system do what it's always done perfectly well without Marco Rubio's ideas.
Theo James is set to light up your screens this March in the Divergent movie (yeah that hot dude from Bedlam) and along with the movie release Sephora introduces an exciting Divergent Cosmetics Collection.
The Sephora Divergent Cosmetics Collection will be a limited edition makeup collection inspired by the upcoming book series come major motion picture movie that's opening March 21st in theaters.
The collection will include a very exciting Sephora Divergent Multi-Piece Collector's Kit as well as a Sephora Divergent 7 Piece Nail Art Kit as well as other products inspired by the characters in the film!
Take a look!
Sephora's Divergent Collection is housed in a distinctive packaging adorned with imagery inspired by the film and its characters. Each product has been specifically formulated to bring out your most adventurous side and includes never been seen before transforming special effects for eyes and nails.
The Sephora Divergent Collection includes three unique pieces that will be available exclusively at Sephora and Sephora.com.
Divergent Multi-Piece Collector's Kit ($59.50)
Three limited edition eyeshadow palettes, a cheek palette, and four lipglosses come together in this brilliant kit all of which are inspired by the trails of each Divergent faction. A double ended application brush as well as three Get the Look cards are also included to ensure you have tools to create your perfect Divergent inspired looks.
Each of the three eyeshadow palettes contains four coordinating highly pigmented eyeshadows plus one High Gloss Transforming Eyeshadow to draw immediate attention to the eyes. The transformer shades impart a diamond illusion, shimmery, mirror-like reflection that is transparent when applied dry and translucent when used wet showcasing fluid, twinkling particles that look like they are suspended in thin air. You can mix and match the High Gloss Transforming Eyeshadows to give you a unique look every time by breaking apart the palette and swapping shades for another. Along with the 12 stunning shades of shadow the kit includes a gorgeous Cheek Palette with two long wearing blushes as well as shimmering bronzer and a radiant glow illuminator. To complete the kit four high shine lipglosses are also included.
Divergent Multi-Piece Collector's Palette ($32.50)
Portable but packing an impact this limited edition palette contains three high pigment eyeshadows in versatile neutral shades.
Eyeshadows:
Candor Lace
Luminous Taupe
Envious Chocolate
Blush:
Rosy Horizon
Bronzer:
Compassionate Copper
High Shine Lipgloss:
Artistic Mauve
Divergent 7 Piece Nail Art Kit ($27.50)
A 7-piece set that includes five Long Wear Nail Lacquers as well as one High Gloss Transforming Nail Lacquer along with six Nail Water Transfer Tattoos so you can proudly signal your Divergent allegiance on both tips and toes. Create endless nail art looks by layering the unique High Gloss Transforming Nail Lacquers over and shade to create an opalescent, shimmering finish, and than add one of the exclusive easy to use Nail Transfer Tattoos for a unique finish!
The limited edition Sephora Divergent Cosmetics Collection will be launching shortly at Sephora, Sephora.com, and Sephora inside JCPenny locations for a limited time.
In January 2016, Facebook instituted a ban on private individuals advertising gun sales and, in July, expanded the ban to include licensed gun dealers, as well.
The expanded ban lumps Federal Firearms License holders (FFLs) who operate out of their homes with private sellers, although FFLs must do a background check for every gun sold, whether working out of their homes or not.
According to Forbes, the expanded ban was discovered when Christopher Dover formed a group in which FFLs could advertise guns on Facebook. Their group was meticulous. It “required each post to be approved by an administrator before going up,” and “only approved posts from dealers who provided a valid copy of their federal firearms license … along with their contact information and hours of operation.”
After the group grew to include 16 FFLs and “more than 900 members,” it was shut down.
Dover learned their group had been shut down because of a subtle shift in Facebook policy, whereby FFLs who work from home are treated as private individuals selling guns. The new policy says, “We prohibit any attempts by private individuals to purchase, sell, or trade prescription drugs, marijuana, firearms or ammunition.”
Facebook spokesperson Alec Gerlach indicated that FFLs who work at retail businesses will continue to be allowed to advertise gun sales. They said, “Firearm shops and online retailers are allowed to engage in commercial activity involving firearms and ammunition on Facebook (ex: offering a gun for sale) as long as all applicable laws and regulations are followed.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Pennsylvania State Police are one step closer to cracking an egg-poaching case in Berks County.
An anonymous tip from Crime Alert Berks County identified Jeffrey Hoffman as the man behind multiple thefts of both eggs and money from a roadside stand in Hereford Township over the summer, according to court documents released Tuesday.
PSP investigators said they confirmed Hoffman's identity by comparing a tattoo they were documented as having on their right forearm with one seen on an image recorded by a surveillance camera during at least one of the thefts.
The roadside stand's owner told 69 News that eggs and cash were stolen about twice each week over a period of about a month-and-a-half.
Hoffman, 49, of Boyertown, is being sought on a charge of theft by unlawful taking.
Anyone who knows of their whereabouts can contact Crime Alert via anonymous text to 847411, starting the message with keyword alertberks, or by calling 877-373-9913. A cash reward is being offered for information that leads to an arrest.
The Church announced major changes for all priests holding the Aaronic priesthood and young women with limited-use temple recommends on Thursday, according to lds.org.
"We are grateful for the increase in temple history work being completed by the faithful youth of the Church," the First Presidency wrote in a letter to be read in sacrament meetings Sunday. "In unprecedented numbers, young women and young men throughout the world are researching, finding, and bringing family names to the temple to perform baptisms and confirmations. . . . We are confident that these changes will bless the lives of youth and children throughout the Church."
According to a letter from the First Presidency, all worthy priests with the Aaronic priesthood and a limited-use temple recommend may now officiate baptisms for the dead as a baptizer and a witness. Previously, priests with the Aaronic priesthood were only permitted to be baptized for the dead. The letter clarifies, "Bestowing the gift of the Holy Ghost continues to be solely a Melchizedek Priesthood function."
Young women 12–18 may also assist with baptistry assignments previously reserved for sister temple ordinance workers, according to the letter.
In addition, the First Presidency announced that the Primary's Priesthood Preview meeting will be modified to include 11-year-old boys and girls and will now be called the Temple and Priesthood Preparation meeting.
"This will be an opportunity for the priesthood, Primary, and youth leaders to help girls and boys, and their parents, understand the significant blessings of temple service, priesthood service, and making and keep sacred covenants," the letter says.
To read the full letter, visit lds.org/letters. For more information about the recent changes, visit primary.lds.org.
Lead images from youngandmormon.com
Unchecked population growth is fast proving an additional source of conflict in Papua New Guinea (PNG), a country with a history of clan violence and clashes over land, experts say.
“Without doubt, rapid population growth is adding to the risk of conflict,” Max Kep, director of the PNG's national Office of Urbanization, told IRIN, noting that various types of conflict are fuelled by limited resources, including a shortage of land.
As PNG's population nears seven million, comprised of nearly 700 ethnic groups speaking some 800 languages, communities are increasingly fighting over smaller plots of land, while city dwellers in swelling urban areas are clashing with nearby owners of traditional land, Kep said.
Over the past 30 years, the country's population has more than tripled, from 2.1 million to 6.7 million, government figures reveal.
At the same time, the average total fertility rate of 4.4 births per woman remains one of the highest in the Pacific region, says the UN.
According to a recent government task force report on maternal health, PNG's population will probably double in the next 25 years.
Pressure on towns
Adding to this challenge is PNG's increasing youth population, with more than half of the country's population now under the age of 20, according to World Bank figures.
“It's like having wild grass lying around waiting to be struck by lightning for a brushfire,” Helen Ware, a professor at the University of New England in Australia who has studied and practised peace-building in PNG, explained, noting the risk of so many idle, underemployed men.
Migrants - drawn to towns and cities for jobs and services - are fuelling population growth in urban areas, Kep said, adding that urban areas are now growing at an average of 4.5-5 percent a year.
Some 97 percent of the country's land is under customary tenure law, meaning it is reserved for traditional landowners and the state has no jurisdiction over it. landowners often are unwilling to release land for urban growth, so PNG's cities have nowhere to expand, according to the UN Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT).
Photo: David Swanson/IRIN
Women have a very high fertility rate of 4.4 births per woman
The Eastern Highlands city of Goroka, for example, is facing critical land shortages which have caused rapid and informal urbanization, according to a UN-HABITAT report Kep, with the Office of Urbanization, said a government initiative to encourage landowners to lease their land to municipalities is aimed at empowering them, with increased income and access to government services.Many of those flocking to urban areas today are the young. But with few job opportunities when they arrive, the country has also witnessed an increase in urban youth gangs, known as `raskol' gangs, who often turn to crime, according to residents.Violent clashes have erupted between local landowners and `raskols', Albert Sams, a 24-year-old health worker from Ifiufa, a village 20km from Goroka, explained.Significantly, land disputes between family members and communities are also now more common under the strain of population growth, residents and international agencies say.“Villages which once were separated are now bordering one another, and conflicts are definitely arising through competition for resources,” said Chris Turner, from Marie Stopes International , an NGO providing family planning and reproductive services in PNG.In fact, in and around Goroka, fighting between families is also turning violent.“There are a lot of land disputes between families - some verbal abuse, and sometimes they fight with knives, sticks, stones or guns,” Sams said.Jeffery Korowa's story is typical of large families struggling to live off the land. Hailing from a family of five siblings, the 49-year-old says all their brothers and sisters have had several children, leading to more than 15 offspring arguing over smaller and smaller pieces of property.“I'm already fighting with my brothers over land,” said Korowa, a nurse who owns land outside Mount Hagen, the provincial capital of West Highlands Province. “I can take my brothers to court. But I'm pretty sure if it comes to push and shove, it will become violent.”mk/es/cb
YCT head, Rabbi Asher Lopatin (Image from NJJN)
New Jersey Jewish News. They object to the use of that term as a description of their school, Yeshiva Chovevei Torah (YCT). This is because of the controversy it has generated. And yet they say that their liberal philosophy is exactly that of Open Orthodoxy but that term detracts for the mission of the school. In a personal conversation I had with them a while back they expressed the same sentiment to me. They then said they just wants their Hashkafa to be known as liberal Orthodoxy. But now they seem to prefer being known simply as Modern Orthodox. In any case they have dropped the term Open Orthodox from all of YCT's literature. Open Orthodox no more. So says Rabbi Asher Lopatin in a recent interview in the. They object to the use of that term as a description of their school, Yeshiva Chovevei Torah (YCT). This is because of the controversy it has generated. And yet they say that their liberal philosophy is exactly that of Open Orthodoxy but that term detracts for the mission of the school. In a personal conversation I had with them a while back they expressed the same sentiment to me. They then said they just wants their Hashkafa to be known as liberal Orthodoxy. But now they seem to prefer being known simply as Modern Orthodox. In any case they have dropped the term Open Orthodox from all of YCT's literature.
I understand why they feel this way. Open Orthodoxy has been attacked so many times that it is in danger of losing its identity as an Orthodox institution. And for good reason. It isn't so much that their mission is problematic. I even agree in theory with a mission that tries to be as inclusive and ‘open' as possible.
My only difference with them is in how they pursue their mission. Specifically that being inclusive does not mean including ideas and innovations that are not compatible with centuries of Jewish tradition. And that have been widely rejected by legitimate Poskim across the entire spectrum of Orthodoxy. There are some things that are just not ‘open' to us as Orthodox Jews. Much as we'd like them to be.
The truth is that the fact that Rabbi Lopatin has not changed their philosophy but has simply chosen not to be called Open Orthodox any more - preferring the term Modern Orthodox - does not really help him. To paraphrase Shakespeare, a rose by any other name is still a rose. It isn't the name that is problematic, it is the philosophy behind it. Or more specifically in this case how it is applied.
What is a bit concerning to me that it is unclear whether they want to co-opt that term exclusively for their Hashkafa or just want to be in the general category of Modern Orthodoxy. If it is the former then I have a problem with it. Even if I grant that YCT is still in the fold, it is unfair to co-opt that name for their movement to the exclusion of all others. Modern Orthodoxy is a broad definition that encompasses much more that the extreme left that Rabbi Lopatin and their yeshiva represent. It encompasses a right wing as well. Not a Charedi right wing. But a Modern Orthodox right wing. Whose Hashkafa is perhaps better known as Centrism. A Hashkafa to which I subscribe.
A Centrist is someone that embraces modernity in positive ways as long as it is compatible with Halacha and tradition. To a Centrist there is nothing inherently evil about secular culture and much of it can be used to enhance our lives in variety of ways. We embrace secular studies as either a function of Torah Im Derech Eretz (TIDE) or Torah U'Madda (TuM). This is in contradiction to our Charedi brothers who see secular knowledge as not much more than a means towards a livelihood at best. They see secular culture as wasteful at best or even inherently evil. To the extent that they participate at all it is for purposes of health or utilitarian benefit. Secular knowledge it is seen as a means towards a livelihood at best and not valued at all otherwise.
Clearly therefore (at least to my mind) being a Centrist is being Modern Orthodox. Centrists are therefore entitled to be called by a name that described what we are: Modern and Orthodox. Centrists embrace modernity same as the left. What makes us Centrists is that we share many of the values of the right. We are in essence in the center Hashkaficly.
Why is a name important? Names are important because Orthodox Judaism has evolved to the point that there are many groups with different Hashkafos and therefore different identities. Those of us that are of limited background and seek truth can then find out what each Hashkafa is about and choose which one they believe they are closer to. And it is useful to know that there are modern Hashkafos as well as right wing Hashkafos – each with their own different segments to choose from.
Gone are the days where we were all one people with a single worldview. Times have changed and Orthodox has changed with them. Who is the ultimate possessor of Truth? I think we will have to wait for Moshiach to find that out. In the meantime the best we can do is serve God in ways that we believe They best wants us to. For that is the ultimate purpose of Judaism.
Vaporizing marijuana in e-cigarettes and "skittling" are among the latest drug trends among teens in Harford County, according to Joe Ryan, head of the county's Office of Drug Control Policy.
Teens are finding new ways to mask marijuana use, Ryan said, and are taking the tobacco out of electronic cigarettes, also called e-cigarettes, and replacing it with marijuana.
"The kids will take the cigarette out of the e-cigarettes and instead put marijuana in it," Ryan said during the Abingdon Community Council meeting Monday night. "They will go to school take it into the stall and you will never smell it because of the vaporization."
Ryan said people who see e-cigarettes lying around their home should check them to ensure their children are not using them to hide marijuana use.
Teenagers in Harford County are also hosting pharming parties, Ryan said. They said teens will throw a bunch of different pills, prescription and synthetic, into a bowl and randomly digest them.
"This is called skittling or trail mix," Ryan said. "Teens are popping pills many times the recommended dose and it looks like candy."
Ryan said teens will also put the random pills into brown paper bags and eat them, similar to trail mix.
According to Ryan, 55 percent of kids age 12 or older get pills from their friends or relatives for free.
"People are getting these from scary drug dealers out there," Ryan said. "Kids have to learn how to set up their refusal skills now."
Harford County, in collaboration with local police departments, is hosting a Prescription Drug Take Back Day on April 26 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Ryan said. They said drugs can be dropped off at the County Office Building, Havre de Grace Police Station or Maryland State Police Bel Air Barrack, which also has a permanent drop-off box.
Suspicious activity calls rise
Lt. Hugh John Dougherty, of the Harford County Sheriff's Office, said calls for suspicious incidents have risen in the Abingdon area between February 2013 and February this year.
The Harford County Sheriff's Office reported 848 calls for service in February 2013 in Abingdon and 1,160 calls in 2014.
Dougherty said the increase in calls does not mean there is an increase in crime in the area. Instead, they said it means people in Abingdon are more aware of what is happening in their neighborhood.
"We like to be busy preventing something from happening or stopping it in the act, then being called after the fact," Dougherty said during the community council meeting.
Dougherty said the Abingdon area has also seen a slight increase in car accidents last month in comparison to 2013. Six accidents were reported in 2014 and only three in 2013.
They said the increase in accidents is probably attributed to the heavy snow and ice the county had this winter.
The landlord of a family-run pub has warned that half of St Albans' drinking establishments could be forced to close by an imminent rise in business rates.
Sean Hughes, 35, who manages both The Boot and The Kings Arms in the city, is worried that the sharp increase in business rates will lead to pub closures, job losses and a rise in the price of a pint.
“There have been a lot of closures in the last year and this is only going to make it worse. We could lose 50 per cent of our pubs over the next five years – that's just crazy,” they said.
“I think what will happen is some people just won't be able to afford to run their pub anymore. If you lose 50 per cent of your profit, what's the point doing it?
“We're in danger of having chain companies coming in and taking over. It's going to change things massively, limiting the independence of pubs.”
Pubs across England and Wales face an upturn in business rates over the next five years, with a revaluation – the first in seven years – due to take effect in April.
However Mr Hughes said the way the new rates will be calculated is deeply flawed, with the rate The Boot currently pays rising by 280 per cent over five years to £103,000.
“Most pubs in the area will see their business rates double at least. The way it is being worked out is ridiculous - there must be a different way,” they said.
“There will be an average increase of round £15,000 a year per pub. In St Albans alone, around 40 full time members of staff will probably end up losing their jobs over the next few years.”
Along with other local publicans, Mr Hughes is planning to campaign against the damaging hike, and will be bringing the issue before a meeting of the St Albans Pubwatch on January 23.
They said: “All the pubs in St Albans are going to campaign against this. CAMRA (The Campaign for Real Ale) has been really supportive too.
“We can't appeal or do anything until April 5 but we are not going to sit back and do nothing about it.”
With the uncertainty surrounding Brexit combined with a rise in the minimum wage over the next few years, Mr Hughes says pubs in St Albans are facing a challenging future.
Colm O'Callaghan, chief finance officer at St Albans City and District Council, said business rates are set by central Government and are therefore out of the council's control.
“Some publicans in the district have raised concerns about the changes and we discussed the issue with them," they added.
“Pubs play a very important role in communities across the district and are of great benefit to the local economy. We are always ready to listen to their concerns and provide support where we can.”
A soldier climbs down a ladder at a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state, April 12, 2017. (Jesus Bustamante/Reuters)
MEXICO CITY — The drug war has taken flight.
Even by the macabre standards of Mexican narcotics traffickers, this week's bizarre aerial events seem to be elevating the conflict to new frontiers.
Around dawn, a low-flying airplane buzzing over the Eldorado area in the coastal state of Sinaloa — the old stomping grounds of drug lord Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán — started tossing out bodies. An estimated three corpses came crashing down in the area, according to Mexican news reports, including one that landed on the roof of a local public clinic. That semi-clothed person, with signs of torture, had a bag over its head, Milenio news agency reported.
"It is a man, but we don't know more," said Antonio Garcia, a spokesperson for the Mexican Institute of Social Security, which administers the clinic. "The impact of the fall makes it more difficult to be able to identify them or the wounds they suffered."
"I can't recall anything like this happening before," they said.
There were conflicting reports about where the other bodies might have landed.
Eldorado is located south of Culiacan, the state capital, where drug-war violence has increased following Guzmán's arrest last year and their extradition in January to New York to face drug-trafficking charges. Rival cartels have been vying for control in Sinaloa and several other Mexican states. Some 900 Mexican soldiers recently deployed to the area to try to establish security.
Two days before the bodies fell, a helicopter dumped hundreds of what were described as "narco-fliers" onto a suburb east of Mexico City. That strange display of propaganda was caught on video by cellphone cameras, showing plumes of fliers fluttering down into the streets of Texcoco as the helicopter circled overhead.
The fliers, dropped during a popular festival in Texcoco and addressed to "Oso, Tito, Beny and all of your gang," demanded an end to extortion, kidnapping and nepotism in government. They were signed "La Familia Unida," which local reports identified as a criminal organization. The addressees were members of another criminal group, according to Mexican news reports.
An official of the state of Mexico said authorities were looking into the matter.
Across Mexico, drug-war violence is on the upswing. Homicide figures have increased for the past two years and have begun to approach levels of violence seen at the height of the conflict in 2011.
Gabriela Martinez contributed to this report.
Dairy cows being milked on a rotation at a farm in Tutunup, Western Australia.
A West Australian researcher has found a way to test for a metabolic condition in dairy cows using a simple blood test.
Western Dairy research extension officer Jess Andony has found an on-farm blood test is an accurate and effective method to test for sub-clinical ketosis in dairy cows.
Ketosis is a metabolic condition that can reduce production and fertility in dairy cows.
Ketosis in the sub-clinical stage is typically very difficult to detect, aside from the drop in milk production.
If the condition goes untreated, it can cause weight loss and even death.
During a research project completed during their honours work at Murdoch University, Ms Andony found a simple blood glucose monitoring test used by people with diabetes was a fast and reliable detection method.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.12 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.12 MB)
Load more chevron right
They said farmers currently used milk, urine and laboratory blood tests to look for ketosis, but the on-farm blood test was much more efficient.
"There's nothing that is really accurate that gives the farmer an immediate result, which is why we wanted to do the project," they said.
Ms Andony said the glucose test could use blood straight from cows and there was no need to send the sample off-farm for calibration.
"We literally just get a drop of blood from the cow, plug it into the little machine and analysis the blood," they said.
"And it just gives a digital reading straight out."
Ms Andony said it was a way for farmers to cut out the middle man in testing for ketosis.
They said it was a reasonably inexpensive test, costing farmers approximately $50 for the meter itself and about 50 cents for each test strip.
Ms Andony was the runner-up presenter at the Dairy Research Foundation 2015 Emerging Scientists' program.
The Amagasaki derailment (JR福知山線脱線事故, JR Fukuchiyama-sen dassen jiko, lit. "JR Fukuchiyama Line derailment") was a fatal railway derailment which occurred on 25 April 2005 at 09:19 local time (00:19 UTC), just after the local rush hour. A seven-car commuter train came off the tracks on the JR West Fukuchiyama Line in Amagasaki, Hyogo prefecture (near Osaka), just before Amagasaki Station on its way for Dōshisha-mae via the JR Tōzai Line and the Gakkentoshi Line, and the front two carriages rammed into an apartment building. The first carriage slid into the first floor parking garage and as a result took days to remove, while the second slammed into the corner of the building, being crushed against it by the weight of the remaining carriages. Of the roughly 700 passengers (initial estimate was 580 passengers) on board at the time of the crash, 106 passengers, in addition to the driver, were killed and 562 others injured. Most passengers and bystanders have said that the train appeared to have been travelling too fast. The incident was Japan's most serious since the 1963 Tsurumi rail accident in which two passenger trains collided with a derailed freight train, killing 162 people.
Train details and crash [ edit ]
A 207 series EMU train similar to the one involved in the Amagasaki rail crash
The train involved was train number 5418M, a limited-stop "Rapid" commuter service from Takarazuka to Dōshisha-mae. It was a seven-car 207 series electric multiple unit (EMU) formation consisting of a 4-car set and a 3-car set coupled together as shown below, with car 1 leading.[1] The train was carrying approximately 700 passengers at the time of the accident.[1]
Car No. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Numbering KuHa 207-17 MoHa 207-31 MoHa 206-17 KuHa 206-129 KuMoHa 207-1033 SaHa 207-1019 KuHa 206-1033
The front four cars derailed completely, with the first car ramming into the parking lot of the apartment building and the second car colliding into the external wall of the building becoming almost completely compacted by the third and fourth cars, which were themselves pushed from the rear by the fifth car.[1]
Investigation [ edit ]
Investigators have primarily focused on speeding by the 23-year-old driver, later identified as Ryūjirō Takami (who was among the dead), as being the most likely cause of the derailment. 25 minutes before the derailment, the driver had run a red light, causing the automatic train stop (ATS) to bring the train to a halt.[2] The train had also overshot the correct stopping position at an earlier stop at Itami Station, requiring them to back up the train, and resulting in a 90-second delay,[1] about 4 minutes before the disaster.[2] By the time the train passed Tsukaguchi Station at a speed of 120 km/h, the delay had been reduced to 60 seconds.[1]
Investigators speculate that the driver may have been attempting to make up this lost time by increasing the train's speed beyond customary limits. Many reports from surviving passengers indicate that the train was travelling faster than normal. Plus, the driver might have been stressed because they would be punished both for having passed by a red light and for having overshot the platform at Itami Station. Ten months before the crash, the driver had been reprimanded for overshooting a station platform by 100 meters. In the minutes leading up to the derailment, they might have been thinking of the punishment they would face, and not totally focused on driving.[2]
The West Japan Railway Company is very strict when it comes to punctuality,[3] and commuters often depend on near-perfect timing on the part of trains to commute to and from work on time. This is because at stations (including the derailed train's next scheduled stop at Amagasaki Station) trains meet on both sides of the same platform to allow people to transfer between rapid and local trains running on the same line. As a result, a small delay in one train can significantly cascade through the timetable for the rest of the day due to the tightness of the schedule. Immediately after the rail crash occurred, some of the mass media pointed to the congested schedule of the Fukuchiyama Line as an indirect factor. In fact, cumulative changes over the previous three years had reduced the leeway in the train's schedule from 71 to 28 seconds over the 15 minutes between Takarazuka and Amagasaki stations.
Drivers face financial penalties for lateness as well as being forced into harsh and humiliating retraining programs known as nikkin kyōiku (日勤教育, "dayshift education"), which include weeding and grass-cutting duties during the day.[4][5] The final report officially concluded that the retraining system was one probable cause of the crash.[6] This program consisted of violent verbal abuse, forcing the employees to repent by writing extensive reports. Also, during these times, drivers were forced to perform minor tasks, particularly involving cleaning, instead of their normal jobs. Many saw the process of nikkin kyoiku as a punishment and psychological torture, and not as driver retraining.[2] The driver had also received a non-essential phone call from the general control station at the time they were rounding the bend.[7]
The speed limit on the segment of track where the derailment happened was 70 km/h (43 mph). The data recorder in the rear of the train (the rear cars were new and equipped with many extra devices) later showed that the train was moving at 116 km/h (72 mph) at that point. Investigators ran a series of simulations and calculated that the train would derail on that curve if going any speed over 106 km/h (66 mph). It is revealed that the driver was so stressed about the inevitability of going back to nikkin kyoiku due to the two infractions from earlier (the red light they had overrun and the platform overshoot) that they did not notice that the train was going too fast. And when the driver did notice it, four seconds before the derailment, they used the service brake, instead of the emergency brake, to avoid another infraction, since use of the emergency brake had to be justified.[2]
Japanese building codes do not regulate the distance between train lines and residential buildings due to high confidence in the engineering of the rail system. Railway lines often pass close to residential buildings in metropolitan areas.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Amongst other things, the Ministry of Land and Transportation asked all railway companies to update their automatic stopping systems so that trains brake automatically to slow down as they approach sharp curves.
It is believed that a contributing factor in the accident was the JR West policy of schedule punctuality. As a result of this, Masataka Ide, JR West adviser who played a major role in enforcing the punctuality of the company's trains, announced that they would resign in June 2005 at the company's annual shareholder meeting, with the company's chairperson and president resigning in August.
The section where the crash occurred, between Amagasaki and Takarazuka stations, was re-opened for service on 19 June 2005. The speed limits were reduced from 120 to 95 km/h (75 to 59 mph) for the straight section and from 70 to 60 km/h (43 to 37 mph) for the curved rail section around the accident site.
According to the investigations carried out by the Hyōgo Prefecture police, out of the 107 deaths, at least 43 (27 men, 16 women), including the driver, were in the first car, at least 45 (22 men, 23 women) were in the second car, and at least one was in the third car. This information was determined by questioning 519 of the approximately 550 injured passengers.
On 26 December 2005, Takeshi Kakiuchi officially resigned from the presidency of JR West in a move intended to take responsibility for the accident. Kakiuchi's successor was Masao Yamazaki, who previously served as the railway's vice president, based in Osaka. While Kakiuchi's resignation came a day after another serious accident on JR East, officials at the railway did not make any explicit connection between the recent accident and the resignation.
As of 2018, the report for this incident still takes a prominent place on West JR's homepage. The text reads "We will never forget the Amagasaki rail crash we caused on 25 April 2005".
A 2008 The Daily Yomiuri article stated that survivors of the disaster still faced physical and mental health issues.[8]
On 8 July 2009, West Japan Railway Co. President Masao Yamazaki was charged with negligence. On the same day, they announced at a press briefing in Osaka that they would resign, "so the company can operate normally."[9][10]
On 11 January 2012, Yamazaki was found not guilty of professional negligence by judge Makoto Okada of the Kobe District Court, saying the accident was not sufficiently predictable to merit a finding of guilt. The court, however, criticized JR West for faulty risk assessment of the curve where the accident happened.[11]
Similar accidents [ edit ]
Too fast around sharp curve [ edit ]
Failure to check speed after stop and proceed [ edit ]
Australia Glenbrook train disaster, 1999 – 7 killed
See also [ edit ]
Media [ edit ]
The trouble began almost immediately after Google bought the robotics company in late 2013. While the marquee Replicant project was folded into Google X, company's advanced research group, the rest of Boston Dynamics was not. What's more, the Boston Dynamics team reportedly had continuing difficulties working with Google's other robotics engineers in California and Tokyo.
The situation worsened after Google reformed itself into Alphabet and focused more heavily on making its various sub-companies more attractive to investors. But with a public fearful that robots are coming to take their jobs, freedoms and even their lives -- combined with Boston Dynamic's lack of viable products -- Alphabet's executives began to see the division as a liability. "There's excitement from the tech press," Google communications director, Courtney Hohne, wrote in an internal email that Bloomberg obtained. "But we're also starting to see some negative threads about it being terrifying, ready to take humans' jobs."
As such, momentum for spinning off the robotics division has been growing for months. "We as a startup of our size cannot spend 30-plus percent of our resources on things that take ten years," Larry Page's advisor and former Google senior vice president, Jonathan Rosenberg, said during an internal meeting back in November. "There's some time frame that we need to be generating an amount of revenue that covers expenses and (that) needs to be a few years."
There's no word on where Boston Dynamics will eventually land. Bloomberg speculates that the Toyota Research Institute and Amazon could be potential buyers, though neither company has confirmed their interest.
I've reblogged this before without commentary, but can I add to this? As a person who's been heavily dissociating since, oh, perhaps their age? Because it's not the occasional panic attacks that are the worst, it's the long-lasting vague feeling of nothing being real.
_______
Most days she's okay. But some days they wake up and there's this bone-chilling feeling deep inside them that something's not right. It's a pretty sunny morning but the light seems… so oddly harsh and there's something to it that reminds them more of a stage spotlight than actual natural one. They get up to shower and dress, tries to pick something to wear, decides on a blue sweater but then they get a feeling they wore it yesterday, oh, but maybe it was a dream? Or maybe they just thought about putting it on? Then remembers, oh no, sit was the red one, yes, for sure, because Candy complimented them on it when they were skyping.
On days like this looking at the mirror is the hardest. “It's just washing your face, yes, your face, just do it, don't end up staring at it for 10 minutes like a week ago, don't zone out” they say to herself. It feels so weird, uncomfortable to look at this person in the mirror, washing their face in front of them Is that really her?  They are doing this, right? Feels their hands washing the gel off, the front part of their head being touched by hands. It's them doing it, right? “Ugh, what's wrong with me?! Come on Mabel, those are simple things, why can't you feel it?”. They don't look in the mirror while washing their teeth, barely while brushing their hair. Make up? Forget it, it takes too much staring at this person, whoever that is, so uncannily similar to how they look, probably, staring at them from the other side of that glass. It's something for another, better day.
Ah yes, it's time for breakfast. “Aw, thanks mom for remembering to buy my favorite cereal!” - they say smiling. But it doesn't taste right. Yes, it is sweet but it seems more as if someone just put that information in their brain, not like they actually tasted it. Them own mouth chewing it seems so alien, oh when will this be over. When them and Dipper head to school he's talking excitedly about some nerd thing of theirs and Mabel's horrified to realize they don't feel real, it's more lke watching a movie of them talking or as if they were some cardboard cut forced to talk. They nervously grab their hand and this makes them stop chattering because they know what that firm grasp means - they need to do the best they can to ground her, make them feel real, or at least that they are. They stop to tightly hug them while saying: “Can you feel? This is real, I'm real, Mabel, it's okay, you're safe, I'm here. Maybe other things don't seem like it but you know I'm always the real one, remember there was never an actual clone of me there. ….. Is it better now?” - they ask and feels their nodding, then breaking the hug. They feel like crying, again, it happens every time after this because she's so relieved to feel them being a real, living person (not an actor) and also just so happy for having such a great, understanding, supportive brother, who can bring them back from that lonely place behind foggy glass that sometimes comes in between them and all they love.
The classes do feel a bit odd and she's not able to connect with every friend, not today, but as long as they have Dipper with her, it's okay, it's gonna be okay. They even recognized themselves in a reflection in a puddle today! She's making progress, there's nothing to do but believe it, they need to believe at some points days like this will be no more.
Alan Reiner, 30, thought they wouldn't find any career more interesting than missile defense simulations, but the self-described nerd left physics recently to work full-time on an ultra-secure Bitcoin wallet, Armory.
Bitcoin, a decentralized virtual currency, "has a lot more benefit to humanity than missile defense does," Reiner says. "There's a richness [in Bitcoin] that hasn't been tapped yet. You know that rumor that you only use 10% of your brain, that's kind of how Bitcoin is; there's so much more it can do."
Reiner, with degrees in math and engineering, had been building large physics simulations at Johns Hopkins University of Applied Physics Laboratory for the past seven years. For the past two, in their spare time, Reiner has been developing Armory, the free open source digital Bitcoin wallet that most serious Bitcoin investors use.
All Bitcoin transactions are recorded in a commonly accessible ledger that documents the transfer of each bitcoin while keeping their owners virtually anonymous. Individuals can use online or mobile apps called Bitcoin wallets to initiate transactions or verify their balances. Some bitcoin wallets function like mainstream mobile wallets, allowing users to initiate transfers by scanning QR codes, for example.
"The core feature of Armory is that it goes to every great length to establish security even at the expense of convenience," says Reiner.
Armory supports cold storage, which means the user's private keys password-like data used to authenticate ownership of bitcoins are kept on a computer that never touches the Internet. Cold storage has been discussed for digital wallets for a while, but other wallets haven't implemented the feature.
Armory bundles the cold storage and hot storage (Internet-connected) options so everyday users can navigate through the system. Reiner calls this a "holy grail feature."
Cold storage is an important idea, especially since Bitcoin businesses are frequent targets of hackers. Bitfloor, once one of the largest Bitcoin exchanges dealing in U.S. dollars, had 24,000 bitcoins (worth approximately $250,000 at the time) stolen last year. The theft occurred when Bifloor's founder, Roman Shtylman, left the bitcoins in a hot wallet connected to an online server while they were moving funds around.
Another feature that differentiates Armory is its password recovery. One of the biggest risks for consumers using Bitcoin is losing their wallet because they forget their passphrase, Reiner says.
"Everyone is so used to creating a password and when they forget it with the click of a button you can re-retrieve it," they say.
To facilitate password recovery, Armory created printable backups, so it's up to the end user to keep those physical versions safe. The backups are a string of letters and numbers (a seed) that will unlock the different addresses a consumer has used to receive bitcoin payments.
It's considered a best practice to use a different address for every received bitcoin payment, Reiner says, so the wallet becomes a whole list of private keys. With the seed a consumer will be able to recreate all the different addresses used.
Reiner is also working on stronger wallet encryption to resist the practice of using ultra-powerful graphics cards to hack into accounts by testing a wide range of passwords against them.
While Armory wallet might have strong security backing it, mainstream consumers might favor a more convenient wallet, Reiner admits. Wallets such as Electrum, MultiBit and Bitcoin QT, the core Bitcoin client, are all easier to sign up for and start using.
"Right now Armory is filling a niche for users wanting advanced security businesses are using it [and] investors are using it," Reiner says.
Reiner hopes to fix the usability problem with the recent $600,000 their company received from three investors, including James Smith, Kevin Bombino and Bitcoin entrepreneur Trace Mayer. Reiner has quit their job to focus on their company, Armory Technologies Inc., full-time.
Smith is a fund manager at Bedrock Capital. Bombino is an investor and entrepreneur that graduated from Harvard with a degree in computer science. Mayer is well known in the Bitcoin space, serving on the editorial board of Bitcoin Magazine and investing heavily in BitPay, a Bitcoin merchant service provider that recently reached 50,000 merchants.
Armory is critical to convincing businesses to use Bitcoin for large transactions, Reiner says.
In the future, Reiner wants to develop multi-signature transactions within the wallet, so individual users have to authenticate funds transfers from a separate device. This technology could also work for companies using the wallet, where each board member has a set of private keys, then for a transaction to be initiated four of the seven members must approve on their separate devices. It could rely on text messages or email for notifications, they say.
On CNN, discussing the attempted Times Square bombing, anchor Don Lemon asked former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes why the area was "blurred out on Google Earth because of this security alert." Fuentes, ignorantly, said it was a security measure.
It is somewhat depressing that both men — a prominent news anchor and a former FBI Assistant Director of International Relations — think that Google Earth is real time, and subject to being 'blurred' by the NYPD. Someone eagle-eyed at Geekosystem, spotted the ludicrous exchange and posted it:
Lemon: My question to Mr. Fuentes would be: what does that mean? What should we garner from this when this area is even blurred out on Google Earth because of this security alert? Fuentes: I think they don't want you to see exactly what kind of work they're doing, and also they're searching other parts of the area just to be safe.
Sigh. Or, you know, it could be that Google doesn't in fact have satellite cameras following every inch of the earth 24 hours of the day, and the image was just a bit slow to load.
[Story comes via @antderosa.]
A 2016 review published by the University of British Columbia confirms that asexuality isn't some bizarre form of “psychopathology” or the result an extremely low libido as famously diagnosed by zoologist and sex researcher Alfred Kinsey. Instead, researchers say, “available evidence points to asexuality being best conceptualized as a unique sexual orientation.”
In other words: Having no sexual orientation is itself a sexual orientation. Just like being gay, straight, bisexual, pansexual, etc., etc., etc. Now, one asexual man has opened up to HuffPost about their experiences surviving in a very non-asexual world.
“To me, asexuality has always meant simply a lack of sexual attraction,” Ace (not their real name) says. “There definitely are shades of asexuality. … There are asexuals who identify as sex-repulsed, sex-favorable, or any where in between.”
Ace explains that many people treat asexuality, in general, the same way they do bisexuality, like it's just a phase, or a joke, or some sort of character flaw.
“Asexuality is often portrayed as a joke or juvenile or as a result of another ‘undesirable' quality in a character,” they say. “As I get older, I also experience a lot of young adults making rude or ill-informed comments about people who might not like sex. I realize that a few ignorant comments aren't so bad, but they do hurt just a little.”
Since it's not taken seriously, Ace says, there are a lot of misunderstandings surrounding it.
“I've read a lot of articles, opinion pieces, and social media posts telling asexuals that we are wrong or ill or confused,” they say. “I've had one person in my personal life try to convince me otherwise, but they turned out to be a very unsupportive friend in many other instances.”
They continue: “Ultimately, it's not up to any person to make the label for another. Sexuality can be a very private thing; we can each label our own if we so choose, but I don't think it's fair to label anyone else.”
Another common misconception Ace hears is that asexuality is a result of some sort of negative sexual experience in a person's life.
“Just like any human experience, there are an infinite amount of ways asexuality can come to be,” they explain. “Sometimes a person might experience a traumatic event, or have a hormonal imbalance, or any other cause, but it also happens without stimulus as well. In all cases, it doesn't matter how the asexuality ‘came to be,' if a person identifies as asexual, then you should take their word for it.”
So where do we go from here? The answer is simple: Education, of course!
“Just to learn as much as you can,” Ace says. “There are millions of different ways to experience life, and it is difficult for a lot of people to empathize with an experience they don't like or understand. Knowledge and understanding are the keys to tolerance.”
This Story Filed Under
