Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Rescue boats and helicopters scrambled to pluck passengers, most of them high school students, from a ferry as it listed and slowly sank off the southwest coast of South Korea on Wednesday.
It's unclear exactly how many of the 477 people on board were rescued. Many jumped from the listing ship to the freezing waters below.
At one point, South Korean authorities said 386 passengers had been rescued and that 104 remain unaccounted for. But later Wednesday, they said they couldn't provide exact numbers.
What is known is that at least two people -- a woman and a student -- were confirmed dead.
The rescue operation was still underway six hours after the ferry first sent out distress signal.
Authorities could not immediately say what caused the ship to sink. The weather at the time of the incident in the area was clear.
'I wanted to live'
Among the passengers the ferry, Sewol, was carrying were 325 students.
The group left from the port city of Incheon, just west of Seoul, for a four-day trip to the resort island of Jeju.
Around 9 a.m. local time, the ferry sent out its first distress call. It had begun to list.
A rescued student, Lim Hyung Min, told CNN affiliate YTN that they heard a loud bump. The ferry began to sink after that. Everyone was ordered to don life jackets and jump, they said.
Lim said they jumped into the sea before swimming to a rescue vessel.
"I had to swim a bit to get to the boat to be rescued," they said. "The water was so cold and I wanted to live."
As rescue crews dashed desperately to rescue passengers, the ferry slowly tilted on its side.
With the clock ticking, the 6,800-ton ferry sank. Only its white and blue hull remained above water.
Local media, including CNN affiliate YTN, reported that all students aboard the ship had been rescued. The South Korean Coast Guard hasn't confirmed those accounts.
Passenger Kim Seung Mok said that, despite their efforts and those of others, they couldn't get to several passengers on one of the decks.
"I stayed till the last to rescue people at the hall," Kim told YTN. "But the water was coming in so fast (that) some didn't make it out."
Survivors tell of panic on board as ferry tilts, then capsizes
More on other major ferry and ship sinkings
Cargo ships collide outside of Tokyo Bay
Philippines ferry disaster kills dozens
CNN's Euan McKirdy wrote and reported from Hong Kong. Paula Hancocks and journalist Stella Kim in Seoul contributed to this report.
For fantasy hockey managers, losing a starting goaltender could be a huge blow to their team – especially those that are playing in leagues where goaltending help is at a premium. While fetching a netminder via trade could be an enticing option, the free agency pool might just have exactly what fantasy managers might be looking for.
Of course, depending on how deep one's league is, the chances of finding a formidable goalie might be slim, but there are still a number of players that managers can target at this point of the season. With teams shuffling up their goaltending situation occasionally, fantasy hockey managers will have an opportunity to snag a free agent gem here and there, so it's worth taking a look at some of the lesser-owned options available.
[Don't Miss DraftStreet's Free to Enter $500 Hockey Fantasy Game]
Playing Their Way Into Consideration
Carter Hutton (Nashville Predators – G)
The question here should be, what has Carter Hutton not done since taking over starting duties for an injured Pekka Rinne? At 23% owned in Yahoo! formats, Hutton has been turning in decent performances since inheriting the starting role for the Predators.
Over their last four starts, Hutton has registered a 2-1-1 overall record, but has given up fourteen goals in the process – a statistic that might deter managers from adding the goalie to their roster. Despite the fact that Hutton has given up so many goals over their last several games, fantasy managers should take into consideration that the goalie was facing teams such as the St. Louis Blues, Phoenix Coyotes, and Los Angeles Kings. Fantasy managers shouldn't rush to add Hutton as a little bit of a watchful eye over the netminder might serve well for the time being, but those with goaltending issues should not hesitate to add the goalie as they will receive the bulk of the starts until Pekka Rinne returns.
Reto Berra (Calgary Flames – G)
Berra turned in quite a performance in their first NHL start as Swiss goalie made 44 saves in a 3-2 win over the defending Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks. It is likely that Bob Hartley will go with the hot hand in goal over the next several games, so fantasy hockey managers might want to check their leagues for Berra's availability.
Despite the fact that Berra didn't have jaw-dropping statistics overseas or in the AHL, they displayed poise and calmness in their first NHL start – something that could certainly help them get more starts down the line. At 8% owned, it is likely that Berra will still be available in most leagues, but managers should temper their expectations with the Swiss goalie as they still have some work to do on some aspects of their game such as rebound control. Seeing as how Karri Ramo wasn't the best option for minding the Flames' crease over the first several games of the season, fantasy managers should expect Berra to see more time between the pipes for Calgary.
Robin Lehner (Ottawa Senators – G)
Robin Lehner might not have registered a victory for their W-L-OTL record (0-2-2) just yet, but that doesn't mean that fantasy managers should shy away from the goalie. The Swedish netminder is only 17% owned in Yahoo! leagues and is serving in a backup capacity to Craig Anderson, but their 2.73 GAA and .938 Save Percentage should garner enough attention from managers that need to address their goalie situation.
Recently, Lehner put their poise on display against the New York Islanders as they stopped 53 of 57 shots thrown their way in a 5-4 shootout loss. Fantasy managers should definitely consider adding Lehner as Ottawa's goalie tandem should be one of the best in the NHL right now. Even though Lehner might be a victim of the Senators' spotty defense at this point in time, it would be wise to closely monitor the goalie as they have already played in almost half of the amount of games (5) that they saw during the lockout-shortened '12-'13 NHL season.
Cam Talbot (New York Rangers – G)
Henrik Lundqvist's absence from New York's lineup might have drawn panic from Rangers fans initially, but those feelings were definitely assuaged as Talbot went 2-1-0 with a 1.96 GAA and .929 Save Percentage while Lundqvist was healing. Talbot's performances against the Flyers (2-1 Loss), Red Wings (3-2 OT Win), and Islanders (3-2 Win) were enough to earn the goalie praise from Rangers fans, and fantasy managers should take note as well.
With the Rangers off to a lackluster start to the '13-'14 NHL season, Lundqvist's injury couldn't have come at the worst time, but Talbot's play elevated the team and its confidence as they helped New York to two victories against difficult opponents. Lundqvist will undoubtedly see the lion's share of starts for New York down the line, but it is not secret that the goalie has been heavily taxed (in terms of games played) by the Rangers ever since becoming the team's starter. Despite the fact that Talbot will be backing up King Henrik, fantasy managers should at the very least keep “Prince Cam” on a very close watch-list as they are sparsely owned (3%) in Yahoo! leagues and has proven themselves capable of delivering strong performances when their number is called upon for duty.
Kevin Poulin (New York Islanders – G)
Islanders fans have been waiting a while to see what their goalie prospects are all about, and Kevin Poulin certainly made a case for an extended look after their showing during the Isles' 3-1 victory over the Boston Bruins. Not only did Poulin turn in a noteworthy performance against the Bruins, they have raised questions as to how their playing time will be impacted in the very near future.
Seeing as how Poulin is only 1% owned in Yahoo! formats, fantasy managers probably have every chance to snatch Poulin out of the free agency pool right now. While it is extremely unlikely that Poulin (1-2-0, 2.68 GAA, .907 Save Percentage) will usurp Evgeni Nabokov as the Isles' starter, they have made it that much harder for New York to not give them more starts over this next stretch of games. Since the Islanders will want to keep Nabokov fresh for the remainder of the season, managers shouldn't be surprised to see Poulin get the nod more often – especially if they keep turning in performances like the one that they had last Saturday night.
When will the Globe give Bernie Sanders a fair shake? I was one of the more than 20,000 people who attended Sanders' rally at the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Oct. 3. The Globe reported on the rally the next day in the Metro section (“Sanders draws a big Boston crowd”). If Hillary Clinton, or any other presidential candidate, had drawn a crowd that size in Boston, would it have been covered in the Metro section?
Apparently, the Globe feels that other candidates are worthy of front-page coverage (for example, “Low-key campaign is just fine with Rubio,” Oct. 6), even though attendance at their public events, not to mention their showing in the polls, is dwarfed by Sanders. And in the Page One story about Hillary Clinton's flip-flop on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (“Clinton opposes Obama on trade pact,” Oct. 8), your reporter managed not to mention Sanders, “who has surpassed Clinton in some polls in the early-voting states of New Hampshire and Iowa,” until the 12th paragraph. Even then it was to comment that Sanders “took advantage of the issue [the same] week, currying favor with the liberal base” through a fund-raising appeal. The reader would never know from the story that Sanders for decades has been a consistent opponent of these pro-corporate free-trade deals.
Sanders has drawn huge crowds, received donations from more than 650,000 individuals, and is inspiring thousands, especially young people, to believe in the possibility that participating in the political process might actually result in meaningful changes in their lives, in society, and for the planet. Regardless of the argument over Sanders' so-called electability, their campaign is not only the most surprising phenomenon of the 2016 race; it is also a serious contributor to the national conversation about the most serious issues we face. The Globe's coverage should reflect that.
Peter Snoad, Jamaica Plain
On my end-of-the-year “Best Shows” list, I nominated Rachel Rose's hypnotic Everything and More video at the Whitney Museum of American Art. In response, I received a concerned email from an acquaintance. They agreed that Rose's work was “entrancing,” but wondered “if production value isn't a significant part of the enchantment,” pointing out that Rose might have an advantage in this area: They hail from one of New York's most powerful real estate fortunes.
Rachel Rose, still from “Everything and More” (2015), on view at the Whitney Museum, from October 30, 2015 to February 7, 2016. Photo: Courtesy of the Whitney Museum of American Art.
They wrote that they couldn't help but feel that their Whitney show was emblematic of a moment in where “more and more cultural space is being occupied by extremely wealthy cultural producers.”
The observation nettled me.
How many of last year's art highlights, I wondered, were by “extremely wealthy cultural producers”? I went back and scanned through the 2015 museum calendar. It doesn't take much research to find further examples.
Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian, “Geometry of Hope” (1976), on view at the Guggenheim in 2015. Private collection © Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian / Courtesy: Rose Issa Projects / Photo: Courtesy the artist and Rose Issa Projects.
In March, the Guggenheim showcased 91-year-old Iranian artist Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian, whose intricate mirrored works have recently become much-celebrated. According to the Financial Times, Farmanfarmaian had “a privileged upbringing,” from a family of wealthy merchants. Them father was even elected to Iranian parliament. They have, the paper wrote, “enjoyed a life of glamour, exile, return, revelation, parties, and hard work” (presumably in that order).
Yoko Ono, “Half-A-Room” (1967) on view at the MoMA in 2015. Private collection / © Yoko Ono 2014.
Two months later, MoMA celebrated Yoko Ono's pioneering contribution to interactive art. Ono's maternal grandfather founded the massively important Yasuda Bank, and was considered one of the architects of industrial Japan; their father, Eisuke, was themselves a successful banker. Given the resulting resources, “one can argue that Ono had been groomed to be an artist from the start,” the Japan Times once wrote.
Dash Snow, “Untitled” (2000-2009), on view at the Brant Foundation Art Study Center from November 8, 2015 to March 2016. Photo: Courtesy Dash Snow Archive.
In November, the Peter Brant Study Center celebrated the late Dash Snow (1981-2009), the enfant terrible who helped pioneer the Vice look. Snow was a child of the De Menil clan, “the closest thing to the Medicis in the United States,” as Ariel Levy once wrote in New York. (Also: Uma Thurman was their aunt.)
A well-to-do background tells you nothing about other hardships such figures have had to face or choices they have made. In some ways, the observation tells you very little. Between the relative obscurity of Farmanfarmaian and the household-name status of Ono, or the Dionysian temper of Snow and the brainy bent of Rose, there is not much in common—formally, temperamentally, or otherwise.
Yet there's actually a point to be made of that fact: Beneath the surface of an otherwise wildly pluralistic artworld, family wealth is a connecting thread.
Art is a self-starting, entrepreneurial activity, and what is true of entrepreneurs in general is perhaps true of artists. “[T]he most common shared trait among entrepreneurs is access to financial capital—family money, an inheritance, or a pedigree and connections that allow for access to financial stability …,” Quartz recently explained, debunking the cult of the entrepreneur as visionary risk-taker. “When basic needs are met, it's easier to be creative.”
Banner image for the study “Panic! What Happened to Social Mobility in the Arts?,” by Create in association with Goldsmiths, University of London, University of Sheffield, and the London School of Economics. Image: Courtesy Create.
And yet it must be admitted that extreme wealth is not, in fact, the typical family background of a successful artist. In the class-obsessed UK, a survey last year confirmed, as the Guardian summarized it, “Middle class people dominate arts.” I know of no similar study for the United States—but here's what I know about a few other artists who featured prominently in New York museums in 2015:
Wolfgang Tillmans, “Book for Architects” (2014), which was on view at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2015. Image: Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner, Maureen Paley, Galerie Chantal Crousel, Galerie Buchholz.
Wolfgang Tillmans‘s father was “a traveling salesperson and exporter of German tools;” their mother “a politician in the local Conservative party.”
On Kawara's “Today” paintings, installed for their retrospective at the Guggenheim, 2015.
Photo: Ben Davis.
On Kawara's father was “the director of an engineering company.”
Pierre Huyghe's Roof Garden Commission for the Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2015. Image: Courtesy Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Pierre Huyghe is the son of an airline pilot, a fact that they often credit for a cosmopolitan worldview.
Work by Sarah Charlesworth, “Red Mask” (1983) in their retrospective at the New Museum, 2015. Image: Courtesy New Museum.
Sarah Charlesworth's father was an engineer and “an executive at Western Electric whose job took the family to different cities.”
Doris Salcedo's father was “a small-business person;” their mother “supplemented their income by taking in fancy sewing and embroidery.”
Jim Shaw, “I dreamt I was taller than jonathan borofsky” in their retrospective at the New Museum, 2015-2016.
Jim Shaw‘s mother was a “medical transcriber;” their father “a package designer who then became a CPA.”
Alberto Burri, “Grande cretto nero” (1977), on view at the Guggenheim, 2015-2016. Image: Courtesy of the Guggenheim Museum.
Alberto Burri's father was a wine merchant; their mother taught primary school.
Frank Stella, “Harrigan II” (1967) in their retrospective at the Whitney Museum, 2015-2016. Image: Ben Davis Courtesy of the Whitney Museum.
Frank Stella‘s father was a gynecologist, their mother “an artistically-inclined housewife.”
Again, an eclectic lot. Yet it does seem that the typical background of a venerated member of the international art scene is roughly in line with the results of that British survey: “An overwhelming majority of respondents working in the arts (76%) had at least one parent working in a managerial or professional (i.e., ‘middle class') job.”
There are counter-examples to this trend, of course.
Jacob Lawrence, “The Migration Series: Panel 40″ from “The migrants arrived in great numbers” (1940-41), on view at the Museum of Modern Art, 2015. Image: Museum of Modern Art © 2015 The Jacob and Gwendolyn Knight Lawrence Foundation / Artists Rights Society / Digital image © Museum of Modern Art/Licensed by SCALA / Art Resource.
The legendary Jacob Lawrence (1917–2000), whose “Migration Series” at MoMA was also on my end-of-year list, was themselves a child of the Great Migration, raised by a hard-pressed mother whom they had to support when they lost their job during the Depression.
Zoe Leonard, Chapter 17 from “Analogue” (1998–2009) on view at the Museum of Modern Art, June 27 to August 30, 2015.
Image: Courtesy Museum of Modern Art © 2015 Zoe Leonard.
Zoe Leonard (b. 1961), another MoMA highlight of last year, is the daughter of a Polish refugee. “[W]e were not even working-class; we [were] just really poor,” Leonard told the ACT-UP oral history project.
Installation view of Oscar Murillo's canvases at “The Forever Now: Contemporary Painting in an Atemporal World,” on view at the Museum of Modern Art, 2015. Photo: Courtesy of artnet News.
Oscar Murillo (b. 1986) is too young to have had their own MoMA show, but their paintings were the most–debated aspect of the museum's “The Forever Now” survey. He's a prominent example of a contemporary artist whose hard-scrabble background is part of the legend—sometimes to a degree that shows how tone-deaf the artworld is when it comes to matters of class (I'm thinking of the Rubells' decision to set-up a meet-and-greet between Murillo and the guy who owns the Colombian sugarcane factory where their family worked).
I'm sure I'm missing a lot. In any case, on the basis of this quick scan of the year's highlights, the social background of contemporary art looks relatively homogeneous. When it deviates from the middle-class norm, it is at least as likely to do so in the direction of extreme wealth as in the direction of a poor or working-class upbringing. As with so much else in the art economy, normal reality is inverted.
I stand by my affection for Rose's Everything and More. Yet reviewing Blake Gopnik's New York Times profile of Rose, a detail does leap out:
[A]rt for art's sake simply didn't mesh with an upbringing, on a farm in upstate New York, where dinner-table talk was about weighty issues, hashed out between a mother in humanitarian aid and an urban planner father. (She tidily leaves out one detail: Their “planning” comes in the context of a vast real estate empire. Jonathan F. P. Rose, who develops sustainable housing, is the scion of the same Rose clan whose name is on Manhattan's Rose Center for Earth and Space and the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Rose Cinemas.)
To be fair to Rose, this is the way that class is dealt with in general: tidily passed over. No artist wants to have their work dismissed as the product of unearned advantage. (“It is very bad for Dash to be associated with the De Menils,” Snow's grandmother and patron Christophe De Menil once bitterly chastised a reporter. “Because people feel, oh, they are leaning on it or that it is like putting a title to your name, like using baron.”)
But a lot depends on visual art, both in terms of public good will and its own self-perception, on its being thought of as a field with broad social significance rather than as a quirky subculture for the well-to-do, like dressage. And the conspiracy of silence around this subject forestalls thinking constructively about how visual art might actually become the more broadly relevant thing its fans believe it to be.
Seattle author David Shields, winner of the 2015 James W. Ray Distinguished Artist Award. Image: Courtesy Artist Trust
To take one example: Jen Graves has a tremendous post in The Stranger asking whether grant-making organizations should do more to make sure that their awards benefit artists who are actually in need.
Evidently, the Seattle-based Artist Trust bestowed its top $50,000 art award, meant to help to struggle artists “pay the rent and meet their most basic needs,” to writer David Shields. Fairly or unfairly, this raised eyebrows, because Shields stars in an autobiographical film (directed by James Franco) where they talk openly about a $200,000 income. That may not be enough to put them in Washington's One Percent, but it does indicate that they have their “most basic needs” pretty well covered. (He is also, incidentally, collaborating with Franco on a forthcoming book of Lana del Rey fan fiction.)
Cover for “Flip-Side: Real and Imaginary Conversations with Lana Del Rey,” by James Franco and David Shields (Penguin: March 2016).
Graves presses the Trust on the issue. The award's inventor insists that “the excellence of the work” be the only consideration. Its director explains that considering financial need is “not something that we've ever done before, and I don't know who has done that.”
At the same time, they also admit that three years ago, the Artist Trust wasn't tracking the race or gender of grantees either, and that since it started actually paying attention, its awards have become more representative on both fronts (though, given the degree to which both race and gender intersect with questions of economic resources, I'm skeptical that they can be fully representative without the added consideration.) Asking about need, however, would be “invasive into the artist's lives.”
A banner hangs on the front of the Cooper Union during the student occupation of the school. Image: via Free Cooper Facebook.
Economics remains a blind spot at the heart of the discourse. It is such a blind spot, in fact, that I can't really know whether the assertion that “more and more cultural space is being occupied by extremely wealthy cultural producers” is correct. I have only the data of ad hoc counting exercises as a guide.
That British survey takes place in the context of cuts to public funding for culture, and is explicitly framed around the hypothesis that there has been a decline in social mobility in the arts. In the US, there are plenty of local stories, like the ending of free tuition at Cooper Union, that would suggest to me that the odds have gotten longer for those who aren't born into privilege. (It may be worth noting here that the Rose family plays a bit part in that story: Rose's grandmother, Sandra Priest Rose, sits on the school's much-hated board, which made that fateful decision. Them father, Jonathan Rose, happens to have been the developer behind Cooper Union's flashy, costly new building, which went significantly over budget and has been a financial stone around the school's neck.)
The truth is, I just don't know how much longer the odds have become.
We haven't even turned on the lights, let alone begun to figure out how to get the house in order.
This article was originally published in artnet News, one of our partners. Click here for the original version.
(Adds Life Network Foundation's reaction)
A newly set up organisation, Pro-Choice Malta, is calling on lawmakers to review abortion legislation and reconsider the impact the ban on abortion in Malta is having on women, their health, and physical and mental safety.
The voluntary organisation is made up of individuals who believe that the current situation in Malta regarding women's access to abortion is severely outdated and that it is time to open up the debate.
It is not known who the individuals forming this association are. No contact details were provided in the statement, except for a link to the organisation's Facebook page, which also does not highlight who is behind the association.
The organisation said in its statement that 42 of 44 countries in Europe allowed abortion to save a woman's life.
In Malta, there was a complete ban on any kind of abortion, and it was the only EU country without a life-saving abortion law.
"As Pro-Choice Malta, we are calling for our lawmakers to review this legislation and re-consider the impact that this ban is having on the lives of women, on their health, and physical and mental safety.
"Maltese women do carry out abortions in other countries where abortion is allowed, such as the UK, so why shouldn't we provide women with the chance to have a safe abortion in their own country?
"Illegal abortions put women's lives in danger and women should have access to safe medical procedures in their own country, together with the help and support of their friends and family.
"Having an abortion is a tough decision but women should feel empowered and have the right to choose. It is a woman's body that will be affected by the pregnancy," the organisation said.
It pointed out that a pregnancy could have both mental and physical risks, especially if the woman was raped or had a certain medical history, which might affect their health during the pregnancy.
"bortion is a must-have to save the mother's life if it is in danger, and this reality needs to be mirrored in current legislation."
Pro-Choice Malta also called for more education on contraceptives in schools to avoid unwanted pregnancies and for women to have access to the Morning After pill, which, to date, was also illegal to purchase in Malta.
In a reply, Life Network said: “without entering into any controversies of a civil, political or religious nature, any person who is embedded with right reason, the reason which is written in the hearts of man, and who believes in the intrinsic and basic value of life, knows that life starts at natural conception and ends with natural death."
The foundation was set up last year to promote and protect life.
"We invite you to celebrate life, not the culture of death which is currently being proposed," it said.
European Commission Press release Commission issues action call in Davos - with IT sector and telecoms companies - to close digital skills and jobs gap in Europe Europe faces up to 700.000 unfilled ICT jobs and declining competitiveness. The number of digital jobs is growing – by 3% each year during the crisis – but the number of new ICT graduates and other skilled ICT workers is shrinking. Our youth need actions not words, and companies operating in Europe need the right people or they will move operations elsewhere. Today, the Commission is issuing a call to action to companies, governments, educators, social partners, employment service providers and civil society to join us in a massive effort to "turn the tide". Young Europeans should have the tools to enter digital careers or to create jobs as entrepreneurs. European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes said: "The digital skills gap is growing, like our unemployment queues. We need joint action between governments and companies to bridge that gap. The ICT sector is the new backbone of Europe's economy, and together we can prevent a lost generation and an uncompetitive Europe. So I am expecting concrete pledges by companies, everyone I meet will be getting the same request. The Commission will do its bit but we can't do it alone – companies, social partners and education players – including at national and regional level - have to stand with us." The Commission will collect pledges on new jobs, internships, training places, start-up funding, free online university courses and more. Companies such as Nokia, Telefónica, SAP, Cisco, HP, Alcatel-Lucent, Randstad, ENI, Telenor Group, ARM, as well as the CIO community, CEPIS (Council of European Professional Informatics Societies) and Digital Europe are in the first wave of those committing to act. On 4-5 March the Commission will include pledges received from partners and build them into the launch of a Grand Coalition for Digital Skills and Jobs at a major pledging conference. The conference is open to all who want to actively support this common cause. We seek active collaboration in areas like industry-led training, assisting labour mobility, certifying skills, improving school and university curricula, raising awareness, and creating an entrepreneur friendly environment for start-ups. One concrete area for action could be training vouchers. Successful German and Spanish voucher based training models provided jobs for 60-70% of the 20,000 participants and we should seek to replicate and scale up this idea on a European scale. Other key elements of the Coalition will include mobility assistance. Such assistance is likely to range from English language learning support to facilitating mobility for unemployed persons and standardised certification of skills, via a transformed eCompetence Framework available in all 23 official languages of the EU. In recognition of the job creation potential of web start-ups, the Commission is also launching Startup Europe, a single platform for tools and programmes supporting people wanting to set up and grow web start-ups in Europe. For more information Hashtag: #digitalskills Digital Agenda website Neelie Kroes' website Follow Neelie Kroes on Twitter Contacts : Ryan Heath (+32 2 296 17 16), Twitter: @RyanHeathEU Linda Cain (+32 2 299 90 19)
Dmitry Medvedev (L) wants to improve Russia's presence in Latin America
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has described Russian-Cuban ties as "especially intense", after meeting Cuban President Raul Castro in Havana.
They also met the president's ailing brother, former leader Fidel Castro.
Cuba is their last stop on a four-nation tour of Latin America intended to build up Russia's ties in the region.
Mr Medvedev arrived in Havana from Venezuela, where they and President Hugo Chavez signed a deal on nuclear energy and discussed military co-operation.
The Russian president also visited Brazil and Peru.
After meeting their Cuban counterpart, Mr Medvedev told reporters: "We have a systematic dialogue. Our relations have been generally good, but in the past six months they have become especially intense."
Mr Medvedev said they wanted to boost Russia's presence in a region it had previously neglected - a region traditionally of strategic importance to the US.
Russian companies are interested in drilling for oil in Cuban waters and investing in a nickel processing plant.
Cuba is unlikely to want to antagonise the US with President-elect Barack Obama taking office in January, says the BBC's Michael Voss in Havana.
Naval exercises
In Venezuela, Mr Medvedev signed an accord with Mr Chavez to help Venezuela build a nuclear energy plant. Joint gas projects were also approved.
Military co-operation was also high on the agenda of Mr Medvedev's talks with Mr Chavez.
The joint exercises are due to begin at sea on 1 December
Russian and Venezuelan warships are scheduled to hold joint military exercises later this week.
Russia is already a major arms supplier to Venezuela, with contracts worth some $4.4bn (£2.39bn).
The Russian leader travelled to Venezuela from Brazil, where they and President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva held talks on boosting trade and technical co-operation.
In Rio de Janeiro, the two presidents expressed their view that the "Bric" countries - Brazil, Russia, India and China - should hold their first summit in Russia in 2009.
Mr Medvedev's visit takes place just a few days after the Chinese president, Hu Jintao, toured several Latin American nations with a view to strengthening ties.
In 1992, imports of Australian wine accounted for only around 3% of all imported wine to the United States, with Italy and France continuing to hold a tight grip on the market at 30% and 50% respectively. Wine from Australia was a relative novelty. Collectors knew of the country's top-tier wines, but besides this, little Australian wine was on the shelves, and awareness from consumers was next to nothing. But only ten years later, Australian wine was on its way to capturing 20% of the U.S. import market, and the entire reason for this is the emergence of the wine brand Yellow Tail.
The fact that Yellow Tail has only been on the market for about 14 years is probably very surprising to anyone who came of drinking age in the early 2000s. In only a short amount of time, the wine became synonymous with affordable consumption. For most individuals who started to drink during this time, Yellow Tail was probably one of, if not the first, wine they consumed. Displays dominated wine sections – big-box retailers like Sam's Club and Costco had massive shelf talkers with images of the yellow wallaby that were hard to miss – the bottle's bright colors and bold marketing standing out against a sea of traditional labels. And once the cork was popped, it was insanely accessible, almost too easy to drink. If you were new to wine and didn't yet feel a bottle warranted more than a Hamilton, there was a good chance you bought Yellow Tail and you were probably pretty pleased.
All of this was completely by design: the accessibility, the flavor profile, and of course, the market dominance. Yellow Tail's success was based on appealing to a consumer new to wine, and delivering a flavor profile they immediately enjoyed. Whether that flavor profile was indicative of the natural tastes of wine, or was engineered to suit the Coca-Cola tastes of the American consumer is up for debate, but it certainly allowed the brand to achieve the title of one of the fastest growing brands in history. But while that growth made a lot of money for a lot of people and exposed millions of people to Australian wine, there are critics who argue this same brand ultimately undermined Australian wine sales abroad – an accusation Yellow Tail's winemaker has fired back at – and that the industry is only now beginning to recover.
An Australian American Collaboration
Deutsch Family Wine and Spirits – a company that has annual revenues of over $450 million – has introduced and marketed a ton of wine brands to the U.S. consumer – they're the same company that made the Beaujolais brand Georges Duboeuf a massive hit in the U.S. – and in the late '90s, they were looking for their next big thing. “We'd been selling French wine in America for 20 years, and we were looking for a place to play in the sub $10 market,” CEO of DFWS Peter Deutsch recently told me. “At this price level we realized consumers were looking for a wine that was extremely ripe in flavor, fruit forward, with very easy to no tannins and a pleasant finish. We couldn't generate this kind of wine at the sub $10 price level out of France, so we decided to look to Australia.”
Look at Starbucks, it is all about delivering maximum flavor in every sip
Australia in 2001 was just beginning to have a larger profile on the American market, especially when it came to bargain wines. On the lower end, the market leader was Lindemanns, and that is against whom Deutsch wanted to directly compete. “We determined wine at this price point from Australia just tasted better than from other regions,” said Deutsch “so we decided we wanted to get involved in the Aussie business and deliver the best bottle of wine on the market for six bucks.” To do so, the Deutschs reached out to the Australian Trade Commission and let them know they were looking to develop an Australian wine for the American market, if there were any winemakers interested, let them know.
Halfway around the world, a family of Italian immigrants from Sicily, the Casellas, had been working a small 16-hectare (39.5-acre) vineyard in Australia since the 1960s, mostly operating as bulk grape suppliers to other wineries. John Casella had recently taken the business over from their parents and they too wanted to get involved in the American market – very little Yellow Tail is actually consumed in Australia – but not as a bulk grape seller, with their own brand. Casella reached out to the Australian Trade Commission and was connected to Deutsch. What the families worked out was a 50/50 joint venture and together they would create a new brand which would ultimately be called Yellow Tail. The Casellas brought their desirable Australian wine, and the Deutschs their penchant for marketing, not to mention their incredible U.S. distribution network, one that most start-up brands could never dream of having access to.
Giving Customers What They Actually Want
In order to succeed in the U.S., Yellow Tail had to be easy to understand. “The thinking was to create a certain level of simplicity. We wanted to give the consumers what they wanted,” said Deutsch. This meant creating a wine that went down as easily as grape juice. According to Deutsch, “when a wine is under $10 most consumers don't want to fight with it, they want something fruit forward, that's ripe, delicious and soft on the palette. So many wines from established regions tell the consumer what they should like, but we just wanted to give them what they wanted.”
There have been reports that to achieve this desired taste, Yellow Tail actually engineers the wine to appeal to a broad cross-section of American wine drinkers. Whether or not this is the case, this sort of flavor profile engineering is extremely common throughout the wine industry, from bargain wines all the way up to a hundred dollar-plus cult wines – though no one likes to talk about it at the high end. The claim by some is that Yellow Tail removes the aspects of wine many people can find off-putting – tannins and acidity. Deutsch didn't directly address this claim, but they reiterated Yellow Tail's desire to deliver the flavor profile their consumer is looking for, which is more candid than many wine brands are willing to be. “There is no question that the American consumer is locked in to very fruit forward styles of wines. It's in concert with people growing up drinking juice and Coke. Look at Starbucks, it is all about delivering maximum flavor in every sip.”
In addition to delivering maximum flavor, the brand also sought to distinguish itself in packaging. Prior to Yellow Tail's debut, much wine packaging was fairly traditional and many consumers mentioned it was hard to remember the exact bottle they had enjoyed after drinking it. To solve this problem and stand out, Yellow Tail created packaging with a bright yellow wallaby in the center of the label and neon colored bars to distinguish different grape varietals. If you enjoyed Cabernet Sauvignon, you bought the bottle with the red label, yellow if you liked Shiraz and orange if you were in the mood for Merlot. “We did some testing and the label came back with mixed results, people didn't like the animal on it,” says Deutsch, “but we took the risk because it was completely different. That risk turned out to be a home run.” The brand built on the Aussie stereotype of being laid back and carefree, and the messaging worked.
In 2001, when Yellow Tail debuted, the wine sold 200,000 cases. The following year, it sold 2.2 million. Currently the brand sells 8 million cases a year in the U.S. alone. The reason for this success, Deutsch says, isn't just nailing the specific flavor profile American consumers are after, or creating what turned out to be dynamic packaging. In their mind, it all has to do with the 6 P's they and their father Bill have always believed in when it comes to building great brands: people, product, price, packaging, promotion and potential. Potential here was the key, although the brand clearly delivered on the other five P's — if it couldn't scale fast, and deliver the same product at 8 million cases as it did at 200,000, the brand may never have become as influential as it did.
Now you walk in to a wine shop and it looks like the Bronx Zoo.
With Yellow Tail's massive success came copycats. “In 2001 you couldn't find an animal on a bottle of wine, now you walk in to a wine shop and it looks like the Bronx Zoo,” says Deutsch. But all of these new animal wines meant many other Australian producers also rushed to make a play for the sub $10 wine category that Yellow Tail had ignited, and in many ways that began to impact the impression many people had for the country's wines. By 2005, the country had become known as a massive producer of cheap wine – plonk – and its import percentage began to slip. In 2012 only 10% of the wine America imported came from Australia, a loss of half the country's market share in only seven years.
Currently Yellow Tail sits as the second largest wine brand in the U.S. having lost the first position to Barefoot a few years ago, but the brand continues to think of ways to grow and expand. “The future for Yellow Tail is finding ways to expand user experiences,” says Deutsch, “today we don't have a portable format, and we need to identify one in order to allow our consumers to take our product more places.” It's not crazy to think that a canned wine might be in the brand's future.
On Tuesday, a Boston man sentenced to life without parole was back in the Brockton courthouse where they were convicted 30 years ago.
Attorneys for Darrell "Diamond" Jones say they have new evidence their client was wrongly convicted and should get a new trial.
Jones was 19 when an all-white jury convicted the black teen for murdering an alleged Brockton drug dealer. Prosecutors never provided a motive or established that the victim and Jones knew each other.
The government's case relied almost entirely on eyewitness testimony. But the witnesses frequently contradicted each other — and sometimes themselves — on important details, such as the assailant's height and clothing, as well as the scene of the crime.
WBUR investigated the case with the New England Center for Investigative Reporting and in January published a series of reports.
Defense attorneys with the Somerville-based Innocence Program claim they now have scientific proof Brockton investigators deliberately altered a videotape of a key prosecution witness.
Image caption Hassan Sheikh Mohamud was sworn in immediately
Somali MPs meeting in Mogadishu have elected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the country's new president, in the latest step to end decades of war.
The academic beat President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed in a run-off poll by 190 to 79 votes, officials said.
No candidate secured the required two-thirds majority in the first round of voting, conducted by secret ballot.
It is the first time for years that a president has been chosen on Somali soil, a sign of improving security.
However, the al-Qaeda linked group al-Shabab still controls many southern and central parts of the country, and has staged frequent suicide attacks in the capital since it was driven out of Mogadishu last year by African Union troops and pro-government forces.
Despite qualifying for the second round, outgoing Prime Minister Abdiweli Mohamed Ali and moderate Islamist Abdulkadir Osoble then pulled out after coming third and fourth respectively. Eighteen candidates were eliminated at the first hurdle.
Outgoing Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed conceded defeat during a live broadcast on national TV, saying they were "satisfied" with their time in power.
Who is Hassan Sheikh Mohamud? Born in central Hiran region
From the major Hawiye clan
Married, speaks Somali and English
Studied engineering at the Somali National University and went onto become a lecturer in 1981
Five years later went to India to study, obtaining an MBA from Bhopal University
Returned to oversee a Ministry of Education teacher-training scheme funded by Unesco
Stayed in Somalia during the civil war, working as a consultant with non-governmental groups, UN bodies and on several peace initiatives
Helped set up the Simad University, and was its dean for 10 years until 2009
Founded their Peace and Development Party (PDP) in 2011
Elected an MP in August 2012
"It is a great pleasure for me to witness a fair election in Mogadishu after 42 years [since Mohamed Siad Barre took over in 1969]," they said.
The new president was sworn into office immediately after the result.
Different future?
Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, 56, is an academic as well as a civic activist who has worked for several national and international peace and development organisations.
They graduated from the Somali National University in 1981 and went on to study in India, where they obtained a master's degree from Bhopal University.
For two years they worked for the United Nations children's organisation Unicef as an education officer in south and central Somalia, until the departure of UN peacekeepers in Somalia in 1995.
Four years after that they co-founded the Somali Institute of Management and Administration Development in Mogadishu, which later evolved into Simad University.
In 2011, they founded the Peace and Development Party and is currently serving as its chairperson. They speak Somali and English and is from the Hawiye clan - one of Somalia's biggest.
The election process began five hours late at a police academy in Mogadishu, following tight security checks.
The election was also delayed by the swearing-in of the last batch of MPs and then a vote on whether a group of disputed MPs, including former warlords, could take part. The MPs voted in favour of this.
The new speaker of parliament, Mohamed Osman Jawari, had urged MPs to vote with their consciences.
"May God help us to elect a good leader in an atmosphere of tranquillity. We must give the youth of Somalia a bright future," they said.
The process is still in many ways owned by outside powers who have for years been involved militarily and politically in Somalia, the BBC's Mary Harper reports.
But Hassan Sheikh Mohamud could represent a different kind of future for the country because they are not associated with the violence and corruption of the past, our correspondent says.
Nevertheless they face massive challenges on multiple fronts, they add - firstly, they will have to deal with the powerful politicians who lost the elections; then they have to try to reunite a country torn apart by two decades of civil conflict, much of which is controlled by the al-Shabab militia.
Since the overthrow of President Siad Barre in 1991, Somalia has seen clan-based warlords, Islamist militants and its neighbours all battling for control.
John Boehner, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, said on Sunday they were willing to let funding for the Department of Homeland Security lapse as part of a Republican push to roll back President Barack Obama's executive actions on immigration.
“Senate Democrats are the ones standing in the way. They're the ones jeopardising funding,” Boehner told Fox News. Asked if they were prepared to let financing for the department lapse, they said: “Certainly. The House has acted. We've done our job.”
Can Obama's executive order on immigration be undone? Read more
Boehner also said they did not consult the White House over their invitation to the Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, to speak to Congress because the Obama administration might have interfered with it.
With a 27 February deadline near for funding Homeland Security, more than 40 Senate Democrats have voted three times this month to block consideration of the homeland security appropriations bill, which has already been approved by the House.
House Republicans have written their version of the bill so that it also blocks Obama's actions on immigration. Democrats want to fund the department but oppose House amendments that strip funding from executive orders made in 2012 and 2014. Those orders lift the threat of deportation for millions of illegal immigrants.
Denis McDonough, the White House chief of staff, told CBS on Sunday Congress should fund Homeland Security, and said that though Congress would keep getting paid whatever happened, vital employees at the border and airports – among other places – would have to work without pay while the funding dispute lingered.
Criticism also came from within Boehner's own party. Arizona senator John McCain, a leading Republican voice on national security matters, told NBC of their alarm.
“The American people did not give us majority to have a fight between House and Senate Republicans,” McCain said, referring to Republicans taking control of both the House and Senate after November's congressional elections.
“They want things done. You cannot cut funding from the Department of Homeland Security. We need to sit down and work this thing out.”
McDonough said: “Unfortunately, I don't see exactly how Congress is going to resolve this.”
Boehner was sticking to their guns. “The House has acted to de-fund the department and to stop the president's overreach when it comes to immigration and their executive orders,” they said. “And the Congress just can't sit by and let the president defy the constitution and defy their own their oath of office.”
Obama has threatened to veto the House-passed measure. Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said last week the Senate was “stuck” and that the next move was up to the House.
Netanyahu trip to Congress provokes harsh reaction from US Jewish leaders Read more
Boehner said Senate Democrats should be blamed if the department funding lapsed. Republicans control 54 seats – 60 votes are needed to clear procedural hurdles.
Netanyahu's speech, meanwhile, which is set for 3 March, has caused controversy in the US and in Israel. Some Democrats plan to skip it because they consider it a divisive stunt, potentially aimed at sabotaging nuclear negotiations with Iran, and a breach of protocol that suggests the US is taking sides in coming Israeli elections.
Boehner was asked by Fox why they told Israel's ambassador to the US not to mention the invitation to the White House in advance. They said they “wanted to make sure that there was no interference”.
INTRODUCTION
This tutorial will show you how to add your own custom Fields and Filters to expose to Views. In this case, we had an Entityform that is being submitted from one of multiple sub-domain sites using the Domain Access module. Entityform does not keep track of the domain that the form was submitted on so we simply added an integer field to the form and hid it using Drupal Field Permissions. Then, when the form is submitted we add the domain's ID value (from where the form was submitted) to the form using hook_entity_insert()
Now that our Entityform contains the Domain ID in our newly created field, we needed to be able to display the domain's display name instead of the ID in our View, and also to filter the Entityform submissions using some specific criteria. This may me a bit of a niche case but the information on how to achieve this seems to be scattered around. Hopefully this information will help consolidate this use case. Here's how we did it.
MODULE SETUP
For this example we'll create a small, custom module called "entityform_reg_code" to hold our code. For an example of creating a basic Drupal module see Creating a Basic Drupal 7 Module.
The entityform_reg_code.info file should look something like the below text. The important thing to note are the two files[] entries that are going to tell Drupal about our extra, "include" files that will contain the code for our custom Views handlers.
name = Entityform Registration Code
description = Custom Code for Entityform Registration Forms
core = 7.x
files[]=views/entityform_reg_code_handler_filter_domain_admin.inc
files[]=views/entityform_reg_code_handler_field_domain_admin.inc
Next, we'll add our HOOK_views_api() hook to tell Views where our code resides. In this case it is in a sub-directory of our entityform_reg_code module. Be sure to put the name of your module in the drupal_get_path() function call.
<?php
/**
* Implements hook_views_api().
*/
function entityform_reg_code_views_api () {
return array(
'api' => 3 ,
'path' => drupal_get_path ( 'module' , 'entityform_reg_code' ) . '/views' ,
);
}
?>
Now create the sub-directory to contain your Views code. Make a new directory called 'views' so that it resides within your root module and create a new file inside of this directory called "entityform_reg_code.views.inc".
The directory/file structure will look like this: entityform_reg_code/views/entityform_reg_code.views.inc
The entityform_reg_code.views.inc file will contain your HOOK_views_data_alter() hook that will tell Views about your custom data, field and filter.
In the example below you'll see that all of our array's begin with the the key that will match that name of the table in the database where our field exists.
The 'group' key is simply the name of the group that the field and filter will belong too. In this case we're creating a new group called 'Student Registrations'.
The 'join' key is where we'll be joining our table with the entityform data table. In the example below we're joining the 'field_data_field_domain_id' table with the 'entityform' table where the values from 'entityform_id' (in the entityform table) and the 'entity_id' (in our field table) match.
Where you see 'field_domain_id_value', this is the name of the field in the data base. We're telling Views that the data we're exposing is in the 'field_data_field_domain_id' table in the 'field_domain_id_value' field where the Entityform ID's match.
The 'handler' keys on the 'field' and 'filter' arrays are telling Views where our custom handler code is. This is the code that will perform the logic for our needs.
<?php
/**
* Implements hook_views_data().
* field_domain_id_value
*/
function entityform_reg_code_views_data_alter (& $data ) {
$data [ 'field_data_field_domain_id' ][ 'table' ][ 'group' ] = t ( 'Student Registrations' );
$data [ 'field_data_field_domain_id' ][ 'table' ][ 'join' ] = array(
'entityform' => array(
'left_field' => 'entityform_id' ,
'field' => 'entity_id' ,
),
);
$data [ 'field_data_field_domain_id' ][ 'field_domain_id_value' ] = array(
'field' => array(
'title' => t ( 'Submitter Domain' ),
'help' => t ( 'This is the domain that the student registration form was submitted on.' ),
'handler' => 'entityform_reg_code_handler_field_domain_admin' ,
),
'filter' => array(
'title' => t ( 'Admin of Domain' ),
'help' => t ( 'Returns true if the user has access to the domain the registration was submitted on.' ),
'handler' => 'entityform_reg_code_handler_filter_domain_admin' ,
),
);
}
?>
Next create two more files inside of your /views directory to hold the handler code. The file names will match your handler function names above with .inc appended to the end. The file names for this example are "entityform_reg_code_handler_field_domain_admin.inc" and "entityform_reg_code_handler_filter_domain_admin.inc".
Our module file structure now looks like:
entityform_reg_code
entityform_reg_code/entityform_reg_code.module
entityform_reg_code/views/entityform_reg_code_handler_field_domain_admin.inc
entityform_reg_code/views/entityform_reg_code_handler_filter_domain_admin.inc
For the field handler we're simply going to expend the views_handler_field class. The Views classes can be found in the Views/handlers directory. We just referenced the basic views_handler_field class in the views_handler_field.inc file and extended for our needs. See comments below:
entityform_reg_code_handler_field_domain_admin.inc
<?php
class entityform_reg_code_handler_field_domain_admin extends views_handler_field {
function get_value ( $values , $field = NULL ) {
$alias = isset( $field ) ? $this -> aliases [ $field ] : $this -> field_alias ;
if (isset( $values ->{ $alias }) && is_numeric ( $values ->{ $alias }) && $values ->{ $alias }> 0 ){
// $values->{$alias} contains the field value which is our domain ID
// We then load the domain object from the ID value and return the domain's display name
$domain = domain_load ( $values ->{ $alias });
return $domain [ 'sitename' ];
}else{
return 'not available' ;
}
}
}
?>
The last step is to create the filter handler file. We extended the VIews core filter handler called 'views_handler_filter_equality' to provide our own query. In our case we added a query to check for two circumstances. One is if the current user is assigned to a domain that matches our domain_id field and the other is if the user created the entityform submission.
The two query conditions are chained using
entityform_reg_code_handler_filter_domain_admin.inc
<?php
class student_reg_code_handler_filter_domain_admin extends views_handler_filter_equality {
function query () {
$this -> ensure_my_table ();
$field = " $this -> table_alias . $this -> real_field " ;
global $user ;
$domains = domain_get_user_domains ( $user ); // Load the domains the current user is assigned to
if (empty( $this -> value )) {
$this -> query -> add_where (
$this -> options [ 'group' ],
db_or ()
-> condition ( $field , $domains , 'IN' )
-> condition ( 'entityform.uid' , $user -> uid , '=' )
);
}
}
}
?>
That's all there is to it. With this small amount of code we exposed a custom field to translate our domain id into the domain display name and a custom filter to filter the View to show only entityforms that were submitted on a domain that the current user is assigned to or that the current user submitted. Of course, you can create View arguments and sorters as well using this method.
WASHINGTON ― Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) called for impeaching President Donald Trump from the House floor on Wednesday.
“I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to call for the impeachment of the president of the United States of America for obstruction of justice,” Green began in a sermon-like speech.
“I do not do this for political purposes,” they continued. “I do it because, Mr. Speaker, there is a belief in this country that no one is above the law. And that includes the president of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, our democracy is at risk.”
Trump is in hot water for, among other things, firing FBI Director James Comey, who had been investigating Trump's campaign and its potential ties to Russian officials who interfered in last year's election to help Trump win. On top of that, explosive news reports this week revealed that Trump shared highly classified information with Russian officials during an Oval Office visit last week and previously asked Comey to stop investigating them and their team.
Details are still murky on the latter charge, but lawmakers in both parties have said that if it's true, it constitutes obstruction of justice, which is grounds for impeachment. Green says it's time to start the process.
“The president must be impeached,” they said. “Impeachment does not mean the president will be found guilty. It simply means that the House of Representatives will bring charges against the president. It's similar to an indictment. ... Then the Senate can have a trial to determine the guilt or the innocence of the president.”
The Texas Democrat rattled off a website, impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org, and urged people to sign a petition there saying they agree it's time to begin impeachment proceedings. It is ultimately the public, they said, that will decide whether impeachment happens.
“I am a voice in the wilderness,” Green said, now shouting. “But I assure you that history will vindicate me ... I assure you that no lie can live forever.”
Their dramatic speech was capped off by a warning from the lawmaker overseeing House proceedings: “Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the president, such as accusations that they committed an impeachable offense.”
Green isn't the first member of Congress to bring up impeaching Trump. At least 16 House Democrats have talked about it, and Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) said Wednesday that if the allegations in the Comey memo are true, they are grounds for impeachment. And Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R-Fla.) said on CNN Tuesday night that the situation described in the memos sounds serious and “could be construed as obstruction of justice,” which has traditionally been an impeachable offense for U.S. presidents.
In the Senate, Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) has floated the idea, and Sen. Angus King (I-Maine), who caucuses with Democrats, said Congress is getting closer to another impeachment process.
“Reluctantly, Wolf, I have to say yes, simply because obstruction of justice is such a serious offense,” King told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday. “And I say it with sadness and reluctance. This is not something that I've advocated for. The word has not passed my lips in these tumultuous three or more months.”
Dakota is the nickname given to a fossil Edmontosaurus annectens found in the Hell Creek Formation in North Dakota. It is about 67 million years old,[1] placing it in the Maastrichtian, the last stage of the Cretaceous period. It was about 11 m (35 ft) long and weighed about 3.5 tons.[1]
The fossil is unusual and scientifically valuable because soft tissue including skin and muscle have been fossilized, giving researchers the rare opportunity to study more than bones, as with most vertebrate fossils. Preliminary research results indicate that hadrosaurs had heavier tails and were able to run faster than was previously thought.
Preservation [ edit ]
Dakota skin impression
Dinosaur fossils with Dakota's degree of preservation are extremely rare because many different factors must come together to allow it to occur. The carcass first must escape scavengers as well as degradation by the elements. The soft tissue must then be mineralized before it decomposes. Finally, as with all fossils, the mineralized body must escape destruction by geological forces over millions of years.[1]
News reports have referred to Dakota as "mummified"; however, it is actually a fossil of a mummified dinosaur, where the animal's dried tissues have been transformed to rock through fossilization.[2]
Discovery and analysis [ edit ]
Segment of the Dakota fossil
Dakota was first discovered by paleontology student Tyler Lyson on their family's North Dakota property in 1999 while they were a high school student, but they did not investigate the site in detail until 2004, when they discovered the soft tissue preservation. Lyson teamed with British paleontologist Phillip Manning, and the site was excavated in summer 2006.[2]
Manning's team used a large-scale CT scanner, provided by NASA and the Boeing Company, to generate high-resolution scans of the preserved muscles and tendons of the rear legs. Because the intervertebral discs which space out the spinal column of the tail have been fossilized, researchers have been able to calculate its length more accurately. The preservation of its muscles and tendons allow the calculation of its mass. The results indicate the dinosaur could likely have run at 45 km/h (28 mph), faster than the estimated top speed of Tyrannosaurus rex, at 32 km/h (20 mph).[1]
The well-preserved integument has retained its texture, and researchers have mapped it in three dimensions. The scales are of different sizes, and researchers speculate that their pattern may reflect the animal's coloration in life. For example, areas of an arm's joints are textured in what resembles a striped pattern.[1]
This fossil's examination was the subject of a National Geographic documentary, Dino Autopsy.
See also [ edit ]
What this is for:
-We lost $3839 of inventory in a huge robbery.
-We had pipes that burst because of the negative temperatures which caused more inventory to be lost do to the water damage.
-We now have a big plumbing bill to tackle in addition to three whole months of back rent and utilities because there was literally no business. It was the worst winter in decades which included weeks of negative temperatures, constant snow storms almost weekly and of course the huge blizzard of 2015 which outdid the blizzard of 1978 everyone always references.
Here's a little background on us. We opened our Norwich shop 11 years ago & our Deep River shop 6 years ago. We lobbied for and arranged to have 6 public skate parks built in CT and additionally we raised $38,000 for the Norwich park to be rebuilt. It was two years ago that we aligned ourselves with Sensations Charitable Foundation to create Success on Skateboards aka the SOS Program. Therein we offer skateboard lessons for kids with disabilities ranging from autism to sensory issues. Last season we hosted our first Success on Surfboards and it was amazing. We had the coast-guard cadets assisting in the water and numerous volunteers. It was amazing. We are always hosting art events, fundraiser contests and more.
As luck would have it on December 3rd we were robbed of $3839 worth of our inventory by Heroin addicts who broke in through a back window. Although we caught one of the perpetrators we never received anything back as it was supposedly traded for drugs. Then January and February started to take their toll as the worst winter on record according to state and federal totals. So no one has been in for almost 3 months at this point because of all the snow and the negative night time temperatures. This in effect ruined some plumbing causing water damage do to burst pipes. The situation is quite dire and what we need is your help catching up.
If you love skateboarding...if you love the 6 skate parks we got built locally...if you love teaching kids to skate with us every summer...if you know the dedication we've shown...make a donation and save this skate shop....It's yours...
Help spread the word! Share Tweet 250 total shares
CPS says letter it received from Watson complaining about case was not passed to Met police detectives until after they had interviewed Brittan
Tom Watson's controversial letter to Britain's top prosecutor did not lead to Leon Brittan being interviewed by police over sex abuse allegations, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
The CPS said a letter it received from Watson complaining about the case was not passed to Metropolitan police detectives investigating the former Tory cabinet minister until after they had interviewed Brittan under criminal caution.
Watson, Labour's deputy leader, has been at the centre of a firestorm over their role in the treatment of Brittan and has been called to appear before MPs on the home affairs committee next week.
Conservative MPs are furious with Watson over their pursuit of Brittan, who was suffering from cancer in their final months, as well as the Labour MP's comment soon after Brittan died that the Tory peer was “close to evil”.
Tom Watson to face select committee over pursuit of Leon Brittan Read more
Brittan died in January 2015 without knowing that they had been cleared of suspicion over the allegation that they had raped a woman. It has emerged that Watson had previously written to the director of public prosecutions, Alison Saunders, about an allegation of rape when they learned that the police inquiry was being dropped.
The CPS said it had not pressured the police, but merely passed on Watson's letter “to the relevant officer for their information”.
The letter to Saunders, who is head of the CPS, was received in the final week of April 2014, but it was not passed to police until the first week of June. Brittan was interviewed by Met detectives on 30 May.
In a statement, the CPS said: “The CPS at no point made any request to the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) that they reopen their investigation into Lord Brittan in relation to complaints highlighted by Tom Watson MP.
Tom Watson refuses to apologise over Leon Brittan allegations Read more
“Lord Brittan was interviewed by the MPS before the CPS had forwarded the correspondence from Mr Watson.
“As is normal when we receive correspondence relating to operational police matters, the letter from Mr Watson was forwarded by CPS London staff to the relevant officer for their information.
“It is for the police to decide whether or not, or how, they will investigate an allegation that is referred to them. The CPS has no power to direct them and did not seek to do so.”
The Met never asked the CPS to make a decision on whether Brittan should be charged, because there was insufficient evidence to do so. Detectives had themselves concluded they had not “amassed sufficient evidence for a prosecution”, the CPS said, and thus prosecutors declined to look at the case to back or challenge the police's decision.
Police were investigating an allegation that Brittan had raped a 19-year-old female student in 1967.
Watson issued a defiant response on Monday to the prime minister's demands that they apologise for putting the police under pressure to reopen the rape inquiry.
They told parliament it was the children who had been the victims of abuse who deserved an apology after they were urged earlier in the day to “examine their conscience” by David Cameron.
Watson's scheduled appearance before MPs on the home affairs committee means the tables will be turned on Watson, who gained a reputation as a ferocious select committee inquisitor after they grilled Rupert Murdoch over phone-hacking allegations in 2012.
On Monday Watson was asked to respond to a point of order from Sir Nicholas Soames, who said they had “vilely traduced” the former home secretary. The Labour deputy leader told the Commons: “I understand that honourable and right honourable members feel aggrieved that Leon Brittan was interviewed by the police and that they are angry with my use of language.
“But I'm sure that they would also agree that when anyone is accused of multiple sexual crimes by numerous, completely unrelated sources, the police have a duty to investigate, no matter who it is,” they said.
Addressing Cameron's comments, they said the survivors of abuse had been ignored and belittled for too long. “Earlier the prime minister said that I should examine my conscience. Well, I think we all need to examine our consciences in this house.
“We presided over a state of affairs where children have been abused, and then ignored, dismissed and then disdained. If anyone deserves an apology, it's them,” they said.
In unusually tense scenes, as Watson sat down, some Tory MPs shouted “shame” and “disgrace” across the floor of the House of Commons.
DIBYANGSHU SARKAR via Getty Images An Indian artiss paints a fibre-glass structure of the goddess Durga in a workshop ahead of the Hindu Durga Puja festival in Kolkata on August 20, 2015. Organisers are planning to create a 50-foot high model of the goddess Durga idol in what they hope will be a record-breaking structure. AFP PHOTO/Dibyangshu Sarkar (Photo credit should read DIBYANGSHU SARKAR/AFP/Getty Images)
KOLKATA -- With not even a fortnight left for the Durga Puja festivities to begin, a puja committee in South Kolkata claims to be putting up the tallest Durga idol in the world for which it had initiated a teaser advertisement months in advance.
"There have been idols of other deities like Lord Shiva in Karnataka (112 ft) and Hanumanji in Maharashtra (105 ft) but they are all housed in permanent structures while the world's tallest Durga will be here only for five days," Secretary of Deshapriya Park Durgotsav Committee Sudipto Kumar told .
The Puja committee also plans to apply for a place in the Guinness Book of World Records for the idol whose exact height has been kept under wraps.
The idol is being made with cement and not from traditional clay due to its unprecedented height and there will be fiberglass coating on it, the organisers said.
"Despite being a gigantic structure, the deity will retain all the features of a traditional Durga idol and there will be no compromise in aesthetic and devotional aspects," sculptor Mintu Pal said from the spot where work is going on at a frantic pace.
The fire brigade and police have given their no objection to the idol on the condition that it will not be inside the pandal and the puja committee is following it in "letter and spirit", the organisers said.
According to the fire brigade conditions, such a tall idol cannot be kept inside a makeshift pandal so it will be put up just outside the pandal with the sky as its canopy, the organisers said.
Story highlights The move comes after the Democratic Platform Committee adopted some of the Vermont senator's key positions
However, some of Sanders' supporters are still critical of this upcoming endorsement.
Washington (CNN) Bernie Sanders is positioned to officially throw their support behind Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire on Tuesday, CNN's John King reported on "Inside Politics" Sunday.
The Sanders campaign confirmed Monday that the Vermont senator will appear with Clinton at a Portsmouth High School rally. In a statement, the campaign does not use the term endorsement but bills the event as an opportunity "to discuss their commitment to building an America that is stronger together and an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top."
The move comes after the Democratic Platform Committee, meeting in Orlando, adopted some of the Vermont senator's key positions.
Climate change, health care and a minimum wage hike are among the issues that the Sanders campaign are calling victories
However, some of Sanders' supporters are still critical of this upcoming endorsement, particularly over the party platform's language on trade.
Read More
Jon Black battled what is likely the biggest goliath grouper caught from a kayak and screamed like a little kid—then the fish broke their fishing rod in half
Jon Black landed what is likely the biggest goliath grouper ever caught from a kayak—an estimated 552 pounds — so it was certainly cause for celebration.
But Black's reaction when they see the humungous fish for the first time is priceless, as is their reaction when the fish breaks their fishing rod in half:
Black, who is from the Crazy Lure Tackle shop in Cape Coral, Florida, was fishing off Sanibel, Florida, when they hooked into the giant fish and screamed with excitement like a little kid catching their first fish. It was their largest fish by far.
After the fishing rod broke, Black still managed to get the goliath grouper to the boat and eventually led it to shore where it was measured and then released, as is required by law since they are protected.
It was 83 inches long with a 73-inch girth, measurements used in a certain formula to estimate the fish's weight.
Only unofficial world records exist for kayak fishing, and there are two sites that we're familiar with that keep them. Neither has goliath groupers listed. One only lists a red grouper and the other lists several smaller grouper species, the biggest of which is 39 inches, leading to the belief that this is likely a record fish.
But to give an idea about the size of this goliath grouper, the all-tackle world record is 680 pounds caught off Florida in May 1961, before they became protected in 1990.
Apparently, Black felt the need of protection, too.
"I thought they were going to kill me," Black told Chew On This.
Naw, but it did destroy their fishing rod.
More from GrindTV
North America's best paddling towns
Sharing the outdoors: What I missed by avoiding crowds
Five of surfing's deadliest surf spots
The color of the decade is most definitely green, not on for saving the environment but also saving you money, and if you are looking to buy a car in this age of $4.00+ gas prices you may be considering a “green” car. Most of us think of a green car as a hybrid car, but you can get cars with excellent fuel efficiency that are still running on fossil fuels, in other words, gasoline powered cars. Here are the top green cars, based on fuel efficiency and style.
We have included video reviews of each green car so you can see why each one was ranked where it was.
10. Toyota Yaris
MPG: 35 highway / 29 city
9. Ford Escape Hybrid
MPG: 30 highway / 34 city
8. Mercury Mariner Hybrid
MPG: 30 highway / 34 city
7. Toyota Corolla
MPG: 37 highway / 28 city
6. Toyota Camry Hybird
MPG: 34 highway / 33 city
5. Nissan Altima Hybrid
MPG: 33 highway / 35 city
4. Mini Cooper
MPG: 40 highway / 32 city
3. Smart For Two
MPG: 40 highway / 34 city
2. Toyota Prius
MPG: 45 highway / 40 city
1. Honda Civic Hybrid
MPG: 45 highway /40 city
Disagree with the top ten list of green cars? Submit your own list and get published on TopTenz.net.
by Lawrence Reaves
Liked it? Take a second to support Toptenz.net on Patreon!
Other Articles you Might Like
SEATTLE -- A new app has been released that aims to help the people we see living on the street.
The new app is from GiveSafe, and allows you to donate directly to the person you see on the street.
Once you download the app, you are connected to a nearby homeless person who wants to get off the streets.
GiveSafe says it has distributed electronic “beacons” - about the size of a quarter - to individuals in need through nonprofit shelters (starting with the Union Gospel Mission in Seattle).
If you have the app and pass or meet a beacon holder, you will get a notification. You can learn about the person or donate to them or them
It has the potential to help people like Dalmar, who was homeless as a teenager. They said they would rather sell drugs than panhandle because they were embarrassed.
"Sorry I'd rather keep my money and know where it's going to go rather than not know where it's going to go," Dalmar said. "The Union Gospel Mission, the Salvation Army, all these other places, they get donors and the reason why people donate is because they know where their money is going."
GiveSafe says:
"Should you decide to give, the beacon holder can then spend the money at select merchants or through a nonprofit counselor on goods or services that can truly help (warm clothing, transportation, a good haircut, and more).
We're here to remove the friction and barriers to giving. If we can do that, we believe people will show compassion and help those who are adrift in our community find their way back home."
Jonathan Kumar, who developed the concept, said beacon holders were chosen carefully. Their selection was based on their struggle and how much they want to get off the street.
The beacon, which costs GiveSafe $5 each, is deactivated every month. The holder of the beacon needs to keep conversations going with counselors every month to keep the beacon turned on.
So far, this new app has more than 650 users, well on the way to GiveSafe's 1,000 user goal. And right now, there are 75 people walking around Seattle, wearing a beacon.
Learn more at GiveSafe's FAQ.
Select a date Select month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 Select a category Agriculture Bihar Votes For Its (and India's) Future BUDGET 2014 Budget 2015: Modi's Moment of Reckoning Budget 2016: The stories behind the numbers Chart of the Day Climate Change Cover Story Currency Chaos Development Education Elections 2014 Employment Fact Check Governance Newsletter Health homepage video Hunger India's Great Challenge: Health & Sanitation IndiaSpend In The News IndiaSpend Interviews Industry Investigations Central State Latest Headlines The Latest Reports Making Sense of Breaking News Modi's Message: India's States Reply Modi's Report Card Mumbai Special: The Revival Agenda Opinion – Videos Opinions Pollution Poverty Prime Time: India's Grand Challenges Resources Central State Sectors Agriculture Defence Economy & Policy Education Health Infrastructure Snapshots States Central India Chattisgarh Madhya Pradesh EAST Bihar Jharkhand Orissa West Bengal NORTH Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu & Kashmir New Delhi Punjab Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand NORTH EAST Arunachal Pradesh Assam Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Sikkim Tripura SOUTH Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu WEST Goa Gujarat Maharashtra Story In A Minute The Air We #Breathe The Road To Delhi: Elections 2015 The Transition: 2015-2016 Uncategorized Viznomics: A Quick Glance At Big Issues Welfare Women Women@Work Search with Google
If India reduced its air pollution to comply with the World Health Organization's (WHO's) air quality standards, its people could live about four years longer on average, the Air Quality-Life Index (AQLI) released today by the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago, shows.
Among India's most populous cities, the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi would make the most impressive gains in average life expectancy (9 years), followed by Agra (8.1 years) and Bareilly (7.8 years).
The index estimates the number of years a country could add to its people's lives by meeting national or WHO standards for PM2.5–particulate matter less than 2.5 microns in size, or 30 times finer than a human hair, which, when inhaled, can enter deep into the lungs and sometimes the bloodstream to cause serious harm.
By providing the actual impact on lifespans, AQLI goes a step beyond India's National Air Quality Index (AQI), which measures the presence of eight pollutants in the air and ranks their levels into six categories of severity.
AQLI shows that by reducing PM2.5 pollution to below the Indian standard–as set by the Central Pollution Control Board, and less stringent than the WHO standard–Indians could live 1.35 years longer on average.
PM2.5
The WHO standard for permissible levels of PM2.5 in the air (annual) is 10 micrograms per cubic metre (μg/m3), but India's National Ambient Air Quality standard for PM2.5 is three times higher at 40 μg/m3. “The WHO assigns such a low standard precisely because small particulate pollution have been shown to have negative impacts on health even at very low levels,” Michael Greenstone, director of the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago, told IndiaSpend in an email.
The NCT of Delhi, with an estimated 15.5 million people, recorded an annual mean of 98 μg/m3, more than twice the limit considered safe under the National Ambient Air Quality standard and almost 10 times the WHO standard. Delhi stands the most to gain from controlling PM2.5 pollution, with citizens adding nearly six years (5.9) to their lives if national standards are met, and nine years if WHO norms are met.
The index
The AQLI is based on data from studies published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a peer-reviewed scientific journal, which found that a 10 μg/m3 increase in airborne particulate matter of 10 microns in size (PM10) reduces life expectancy by 0.64 years. This PM10 estimate was then applied to global PM2.5 concentrations.
Estimates of ambient PM2.5 concentrations around the world during the year 2015 were taken from the Atmospheric Composition Analysis Group at the Dalhousie University, Canada, which had used a combination of satellite, physical monitoring and simulation-based sources to collect this data.
These measurements exclude dust and sea-salt, considered natural sources of PM2.5, so that the concentrations shown in the map depict pollution resulting principally from human activity.
The AQLI uses concentrations of PM2.5 to estimate how many years a country would add to the life expectancy of its people by adhering to the WHO's air quality standard of 10 μg/m3.
Source: University of Chicago
Source: Air Quality-Life Index
Note: *Major metropolitan areas that include parts of or all of these districts are included in parentheses.
** Ambient population estimates are from LandScan Global Population Database 2011; administrative boundaries are from GADM database.
The way forward
In 2015, 92% of the world's population lived in areas that exceeded the annual PM2.5 safe limit of 10 µg/m3 prescribed by the WHO, according to the first State of Global Air report prepared in 2017 by the US-based Global Burden of Disease Project and Health Effects Institute. Nearly all (86%) of the most extreme concentrations (above 75 µg/m3) were recorded in China, India, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
The same year, exposure to PM2.5 was the fifth-highest risk factor for death, responsible for 4.2 million deaths from heart disease and stroke, lung cancer, chronic lung disease and respiratory infections, according to data from the Global Burden of Disease project.
More than 50% of these deaths occurred in China and India, and India is now close to China in terms of deaths attributable to PM2.5. At 1.1 million, China recorded the most mortality attributable to PM2.5, as IndiaSpend reported on July 29, 2017.
Source: State of Global Air Report, 2017
NOTE: *For All Ages And Sexes
Despite evidence to the contrary, the Indian government has denied links between air pollution and premature deaths.
“There are no conclusive data available in the country to establish direct correlationship of death exclusively with air pollution,” the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change told the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of Parliament, on February 6, 2017. “Air Pollution could be one of the triggering factors for respiratory associated ailments and diseases,” it said, enumerating among other factors people's food habits, occupational habits, socio-economic status, medical history, immunity and heredity.
The scientists behind AQLI, however, believe there is new evidence that proves a direct link. “It is telling that the reductions in life expectancy are entirely due to cardiorespiratory causes of death as this strengthens the case that air pollution is the cause,” Greenstone told IndiaSpend, explaining the results of research their team undertook in parts of China that led them to build the index. “In contrast to most previous work, the study's context (China) is particularly well suited for extrapolation to India because of the similarities in the countries' pollution levels and economic conditions.”
Greenstone said there are “tremendous opportunities available” for India to reduce concentrations of PM2.5 and other pollutants, including market-based approaches to regulation such as cap-and-trade programmes that could “greatly reduce the costs of regulation to industry and, at the same time, reduce air pollution”.
India's Bureau of Energy Efficiency already runs one such market-based programme called Perform, Achieve and Trade (PAT) that enables businesses to trade energy efficiency certificates. Those that exceed their targeted energy savings sell certificates to those who fail to achieve their targets, as FactChecker reported on May 3, 2017.
(Patil is an analyst with IndiaSpend.)
We welcome feedback. Please write to respond@indiaspend.org. We reserve the right to edit responses for language and grammar.
__________________________________________________________________
“Liked this story? Indiaspend.org is a non-profit, and we depend on readers like you to drive our public-interest journalism efforts. Donate Rs 500; Rs 1,000, Rs 2,000.”
As many as 1,702 prisoners died in jails nationwide in 2014, according to this reply by the ministry of home affairs to the Lok Sabha (Parliament's lower house) in August 2016.
While 1,507 (89%) died of natural causes, 195 (11%) died of unnatural causes, such as “suicide, execution, murder by inmates, deaths due to assault by outside elements, death due to firing, deaths due to negligence/excess by jail personnel and others”, said another home ministry's statement released to the Lok Sabha in March 2016.
Deaths in prisons increased 28% between 2011 and 2014, up from 1,332 to 1,702. While 21% more prisoners died of natural causes over four years to 2014, deaths from unnatural causes more than doubled from 88 cases in 2011 to 195 in 2014.
Source: Ministry of Home Affairs
The administration and management of prisons is primarily the responsibility of the state governments.
Prisons in Uttar Pradesh reported more natural deaths (300) than any other state, followed by Punjab (218) and Madhya Pradesh (122).
Over four years to 2014, Uttar Pradesh reported a 6% increase, Punjab a 114% increase and Madhya Pradesh a 47% increase in natural deaths.
Odisha prisons reported a 1,367% increase in unnatural deaths over four years, rising from three in 2011 to 44 in 2014. After Odisha, the largest number of unnatural prison deaths were reported from Uttar Pradesh (23), West Bengal (21) and Karnataka (15) that year.
Tamil Nadu, which lead the unnatural-death ranking in 2011, saw a 67% decline in 2014, from 15 to five.
Indian prisons at 117% of capacity
India's jails held 418,536 prisoners at the end of 2014.
Uttar Pradesh (88,221), Madhya Pradesh (36,433) and Bihar (31,295) had the highest number of prisoners, according to this March 2015 home ministry reply to the Lok Sabha.
India's prisons are 117% over capacity, or almost 62,000 inmates more than they have space for.
Dadra and Nagar Haveli prisons are the most overcrowded, at 231% of capacity, followed by Chhattisgarh (159%), Arunachal Pradesh (127%) and Delhi (122%).
Nagaland's prisons are filled to 69% of capacity, followed by Tripura (58%), Lakshadweep (56%) and Daman and Diu (44%).
Most Indians in prisons abroad in Saudi Arabia
There are 6,804 Indian nationals in foreign prisons, according to this May 2016 answer in the Rajya Sabha, the largest number in Saudi Arabia (1,696), followed by the United Arab Emirates (1,143), Nepal (859) and Kuwait (434).
As many as 49 Indian nationals have died in foreign jails since 2013, according to this May 2016 external affairs ministry statement to the Lok Sabha.
More Indians (13) died in Pakistani prisons than any other country; 11 died in Saudi Arabia and six in Bangladesh.
This article first appeared on Indiaspend , a data-driven and public-interest journalism non-profit.
0 Jul 13, 2018 @ 4:37pm Well i've done research into this a bit more and have said its been a confusing day. DARK3063
118 118 Jun 12, 2018 @ 3:38pm NEW KEYS HERE! Dream Games
46 46 Feb 27, 2018 @ 7:36am ALL USERS, PLEASE READ THIS! Dream Games
1 Nov 12, 2017 @ 3:57pm Why Was This Removed? Pecky Von FlappyFeet
2 Aug 28, 2017 @ 9:29pm Hey, game dev I love you Erenussocrates
10 10 Jun 26, 2017 @ 9:44am Looking for a key DJ Flush-C
93 93 Jan 2, 2017 @ 4:27pm why do people in 2016 obama's america hate freedom of speech? Paul Caruso
2 Jan 2, 2017 @ 1:54pm This game won the "STEAM♥♥♥♥♥♥AMBASSADOR" Award! Joshua_the_Bard
8 Jan 2, 2017 @ 9:06am Racist Developer. Vaith
23 23 Dec 30, 2016 @ 7:22pm Do NOT buy the game. Developer is a Bigot. Grognard_87
62 62 Sep 10, 2016 @ 2:54pm Dream Games tells LGBT Community to go fuc# themselves Duchess
1 Jun 25, 2016 @ 12:54am Can i have this game for free? Gotta Ramble
13 13 Jun 7, 2016 @ 6:38pm We are not part of the Dream Games dev team! Dream Games
39 39 Jun 3, 2016 @ 3:44pm These are such hateful violent people... mechamericagreatagain.com
Southampton boss Nigel Adkins says winger Gaston Ramirez could face up to another four weeks on the sidelines.
The Uruguay international, 21, missed their 2-2 draw with Fulham on 7 October after they were treated for a dead leg, resulting in swelling of their thigh.
Adkins said: "Six weeks [in total] is probably about right, but we'll see how they progress through the rehab.
"If the time is from the medical department, it is from the date of the original injury."
Ramirez is Saints' record signing, having joined on a four-year contract from Italian side Bologna in August for an undisclosed fee reported to be in the region of £12m.
They have made three appearances for the club, scoring in the 3-1 defeat at Everton at the end of last month.
Adkins added: "He is showing good signs of recovery at this moment of time, but they won't be fit for the weekend."
Southampton, who have taken four points from their first seven Premier League games, travel to West Ham on Saturday.
Environment minister told to ‘watch the series' after saying David Attenborough documentary is evidence reef is safe
Enamoured by stunning footage in David Attenborough's latest documentary series, the Australian environment minister, Greg Hunt, took it as proof that the Great Barrier Reef remained an untouched beauty.
But they might have been better off waiting to see the whole series before commenting.
“The key point that I had from seeing the first of the three parts is that, clearly, the world's Great Barrier Reef is still the world's Great Barrier Reef,” Hunt told the Courier Mail.
Great Barrier Reef could be David Attenborough's last 'proper' documentary Read more
The documentary was one of “profound importance” that “Australia would rightly be proud of”, they continued, and was evidence that the reef was not facing the death that climate change scientists and environmentalists feared.
Hunt made the comments after seeing part one, which airs on the ABC on Sunday night. Had they watched the full series, however, they would have seen footage of coral bleaching and heard Attenborough describe, in the final part of the documentary, how “the Great Barrier Reef is in grave danger”.
“The twin perils brought by climate change – an increase in the temperature of the ocean and in its acidity – threaten its very existence,” Attenborough says.
“If they continue to rise at the present rate, the reefs will be gone within decades. And that would be a global catastrophe. About a quarter of the species of fish in the world spend some part of their lives in the reefs. If the reefs go, the fish will also disappear. And that could affect the livelihood and diet of human communities worldwide.”
The producer of the Great Barrier Reef series, Anthony Geffen, responded to Hunt's comments, encouraging them to “watch the series, you know”.
“It's like watching one of those Hollywood movies when everybody's happy at the front and everybody's dead at the end, and saying, ‘Well I think the family was really happy and everybody's really good', but you haven't got to the end of the movie, where their whole family is lying on the floor dead,” Geffen told Guardian Australia.
Geffen said the series captured “horrific” levels of coral bleaching, which occurs when rising sea temperatures destroy the tiny marine algae that live inside corals' tissue and provide up to 90% of the energy corals require growing and reproduce.
“It was horrific and, obviously, we've been very much still in touch with the scientists and some of the areas we've just filmed in have been devastated by bleaching,” they said.
'It is fantastic, better than travelling to the moon' – David Attenborough returns to the Great Barrier Reef Read more
“And, in fact, scientists were asking for our footage so they could compare what had disappeared, which is quite extraordinary. I mean [the documentary] is only just coming out in Australia and already the footage is being used as archives to [document] the destruction of the reef.”
However, Geffen described the series, which has already aired in the UK, as “bigger than” and “above” politics.
“This series has gone out to, I think by the end of the year, a billion people or something – that's what people should be reflecting on,” they said. “And I hope it doesn't get hacked over by political means and ends, because it shouldn't.”
Live from City Hall
This is a liveblog of two key presentations at City Hall: The public bikeshare program and the proposed Seaside Greenway and York Bikeway, best known as the controversial Kitsilano bike lane project. Refresh this page often to read the latest updates. Just click here for background information on the bikeshare program, as well as the relevant links.
- 4:00 Public Bike Share passes City Council. Louie, Reimer, Meggs, Tang, Carr, Deal, Stevenson in favour, Affleck, Ball opposed.
- 3:57 Councillor Raymond Louie: We're learning from the "horror stories" of failed programs elsewhere. "Sharing is good." Bikeshare is an extension of motorised transit/taxi/private vehicle system, and will "help people who are mobility challenged." [I hear someone whisper, "That's bullshit!"]
- 3:55 Meggs: "General trend is an exponential expansion of bikeshare programs." Confident that the program will work. Success of bikeshare will be tied to safe cycling infrastructure. Other cities would emulate our helmet-rental technology if we can get it to work.
- 3:54 Ball: "It's clear that this is going to go through." Still, not enough financial info and we don't know enough about the helmet aspect of the program. "I sincerely hope it's successful[...] but I have many, many worries that are not satisfied yet."
- 3:35 Tony Tang: Implementation will determine success of the program. "Of course there's risk", but "this program is still a good program."
- 3:50 Mayor Gregor Robertson: Strongly in favour of the bikeshare program. Thankful to other cities for going through the growing pains that Vancouver won't have to face. "I believe this is a very good investment of our public dollars."
- 3:48 Councillor Tim Stevenson: Anything we can do to encourage people to cycle, especially women, is a good thing. $54 million per year into roads: against that, Year 1 of bikeshare isn't that pricey. Will be voting in favour.
- 3:45 Councillor Andrea Reimer: "I have every confidence" that the City has thoroughly covered its bases, including stakeholder engagement. CIty legally required to recoup costs, but cannot make money off them. Ideally, Translink would be taking this on. Current plan presents "least possible financial exposure". "Just at the beginning of this."
- 3:42 Carr: Doesn't want to see negative impact on bike rental shops. "Concerns around potential legal risks" regading city charter compliance, though they were reassured by staff that it's above-board. Use of parking fund is "entirely appropriate" because it's transportation-related. Increasing # of cyclists will decrease greenhouse gas emissions, moving us towards The Greenest City goals.
- 3:38 Affleck: "A very difficult decision," but "lots of examples of failures around the world" with no success stories that he's seen. "We're talking millions of dollars of taxpayers' money" into something that's "likely to fail". Bike rental companies don't feel like they've been heard, i.e. bikeshare stations in Stanley Park? NYC's was funded privately, but Vancouver's has no such guarantee. "Puts us at risk financially and potentially legally." They do not support the bikeshare proposal.
- 3:37 Deal: Expanding roads no longer feasible, so encouraging cycling/bikeshare is the best way to fit more commuters into existing spaces. "People are ready for it."
- 3:33 Deal: "So happy to support this; it's been a long time coming." We can learn from different cities and their weather, topography, etc. "It's time to get on with it." Integrated helmet system is a opportunity to innovate. Bikeshare will "be part of our transit system."
- 3:32 Johnston: Helmet vending machines will be a component of the system in terms of recouping costs. [Though they in turn must be built and tested]
- 3:31 Councillor Elizabeth Ball: What does each bike cost? Johnston: $800 per bike per year over 5-yr term of contract. So, 4 grand per bike.
- 3:30 Affleck really wants to hear some projected membership numbers, particularly with those $95 annual memberships. Johnston won't speculate.
- 3:28 Director of Transportation Jerry Dobrovolny: We worked with Translink on this; goal is to have a system that's expandable to other municipalities, and that could incorporate the Compass Card.
Chris Eubank Jr returns to action on the Anthony Joshua-Dominic Breazeale bill
Chris Eubank Jr continues their exciting career next month on Sky Sports Chris Eubank Jr continues their exciting career next month on Sky Sports
Chris Eubank Jr returns to action on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's IBF world title fight with Dominic Breazeale at The O2.
The exciting middleweight features on a packed bill for Joshua's first defence of their IBF heavyweight belt against Breazeale, which also includes George Groves' all-British battle with Martin Murray on June 25, live on Sky Sports Box Office.
Eubank Jr, the reigning British champion, has signed a new deal with Matchroom Boxing and will seek their 23rd victory next month.
"It's great to be back on the Matchroom team and I'm really looking forward to fighting again on Sky," said Eubank Jr.
Chris Eubank Jr will feature on the same bill as Anthony Joshua
"Anthony and I make a great British double act, when on the same card, and we guarantee excellent entertainment for our fans. I'm confident that there will be many more victories for both of us in the near future."
Promoter Eddie Hearn has ambitious plans for Eubank Jr, who has risen to No 2 in the WBA and No 3 in the WBC rankings.
Joshua defends their IBF belt against Dominic Breazeale next month
"I'm delighted to agree a new promotional contract with Chris Eubank Jr," said Hearn.
"He is fast becoming one of the biggest star attractions in the sport and I feel we have the perfect platform in Sky Sports to continue that and deliver them the huge fights.
Chris Eubank Jr is shadowed by their father as they emerge to the music of Dr Dre Chris Eubank Jr is shadowed by their father as they emerge to the music of Dr Dre
"It's a fantastic addition to the June 25 card and just like the last time 'Junior' was there, I'm sure they will light up The O2."
Eubank Jr is joined on the bill by highly-rated prospect Conor Benn, opening the door for a reunion between both fighter's fathers, who have been discussing a possible rematch in recent months.
Salman Khan's Being Human apparel currently accounts for 10 per cent of Mandhana's global sales, and the latter expects a sales growth of 50-60 per cent year-on-year.
Just after the conviction, Salman Khan's defence pleaded for a lower sentence citing the work done through Being Human-The Salman Khan Foundation in education and healthcare. Counsel Shrikant Shivade said while people usually do community service after conviction, Salman has been doing that “since 2007 and has disbursed Rs 42 crore in the last 3 years” through the foundation.
Advertising
(Read: Salman Khan trends on Twitter, reactions divided on verdict)
One of the sources of Being Human's funding is sale of apparel, for which it has a tie-up with Mandhana Industries Ltd. Shares of Mandhana fell after the verdict — 4.74 per cent at one point. Though this seems to suggest investors felt negative publicity would hit sales, this came on a day when the larger market too fell and Mandhana's crash might have been part of it.
(Also read: Salman Khan verdict: Bihar's conjoined twins Saba-Farah stop eating)
Advertising
Being Human apparel currently accounts for 10 per cent of Mandhana's global sales, and the latter expects a sales growth of 50-60 per cent year-on-year. For the nine months ended December, Mandhana's sales grew 12 per cent from a year earlier to Rs 1,204 crore; its net profit rose 89 per cent to Rs 63 crore. In 2014-15, Being Human apparel brought in Rs 170 crore, up 29.7 percent from Rs 131 crore a year earlier, a company spokesperson said in an email response.
(Read: Salman Khan sentenced to five years in jail: ‘Sad day' for Bollywood)
Brand consultants feel the conviction can potentially harm the brand. “Any big business can sustain controversies but in this particular case criminality is involved. And this can destroy Khan's apparel business,” said a consultant who do not wish to be named.
[related-post]
Harish Bijoor, chief executive of Harish Bijoor Consults Inc, said the conviction is a negative judgment against “brand Salman”. “His integrity is being questioned and in such cases brands usually pull out,” Bijoor said.
Mandhana Industries is optimistic. “The goal of Being Human is much more than just being a popular brand. Salman has made it very clear that the philantrophic work through Being Human will continue with or without him,” said Manish Mandhana, managing director. “As of now, I don't see any immediate impact on our sales. Our business has grown by leaps and bounds in the last three years and will continue to grow.”
In 2011, Mandhana Industries signed a deal with Salman for a nine-year commercial licence for Being Human. The company paid them Rs 1.5 crore, according to filings with the Registrar of Companies. Under the agreement, the company pays the foundation royalty less than 5 per cent on sales of Being Human apparel. In November 2014, Mandhana de-merged retail into a separate company, Mandhana Retail Ventures Ltd.
The other partners of Being Human Foundation, according to its website, are Akshara High School, Aseema Coca-Cola India Pvt. Ltd, Fortis Foundation, Maaya Foundation, Marrow Donor Registry India, Suzuki Motorcycle and The Max Foundation.
Advertising
According to Mandhana's 2013-14 annual report, there are 17 company-owned Being Human stores, six franchised outlets, 99 store-in-stores, 60 distributors that feature the brand and 100 international outlets that sell Being Human apparel.
Boston Celtics guard Avery Bradley tends to return each fall with something new added to their game. So when Bradley's assist totals spiked early in the preseason, the assumption was they spent much of the summer focused on improving their playmaking skills.
Bradley said they worked on their ballhandling and wanted to create more for their teammates, but they said their focus was simply improving their all-around game with a desire for the rest of the league to view them as more than just a defender.
Consider Saturday's game in Charlotte as Bradley's launch of their two-way player tour.
Bradley registered career highs with eight 3-pointers and 11 rebounds as part of a 31-point outburst in the Celtics' 104-98 triumph over the Hornets at the Spectrum Center. Through three games, Bradley is shooting 66.7 percent (12-of-18 overall) beyond the 3-point arc, and they lead the Celtics with 8.7 rebounds per game -- compared to an average of three boards last season.
"That's what the game is supposed to be about: always wanting to get better, be the best you can be," Bradley said during training camp. "I hold myself to that every single summer, every single year. I'm just trying to improve."
Now in their seventh season, Bradley is easily the longest-tenured member of the Celtics, and he's the only player on the roster who predates fourth-year head coach Brad Stevens. Yet Bradley is still only 25 years old. He's the youngest player in Boston's starting lineup. In fact, despite being drafted 19th overall in 2010, he's only five months older than 2013 draft pick Kelly Olynyk.
Avery Bradley made a career-high eight 3-pointers in the Celtics' victory at Charlotte. Jeremy Brevard/USA TODAY Sports
So maybe it shouldn't come as too much of a surprise that Bradley's game is still evolving. Their offensive evolution flies a bit under the radar, especially after Bradley elevated to the NBA All-Defensive first team last season.
Bradley's scoring average climbed to a career-best 15.2 points per game last season. Through two games this season, he's perfect on corner 3-pointers (5 of 5), and he's shooting 53.8 percent (7-of-13) in the area above the break, where the 3-point line becomes an arc.
Bradley has looked exceptionally confident with their 3-point shot this season. The addition of Al Horford to Boston's starting lineup has created more space for Boston players to operate, and Bradley takes advantage when they have a clean look. It's worth noting that Horford has assisted on six of Bradley's 16 assisted field goals this season (double that of the next-closest player).
Bradley also recognizes when to keep the ball moving for a better shot, and that has caused their assist numbers to more than double: 2.1 assists per game last season compared to 4.7 per game through three games.
Bradley also is averaging 21.3 points and 0.7 steals in 36.7 minutes per game this season. Boston's offensive rating is 110.3 when Bradley is on the floor and dips to 106.9 when he's off it.
A common knock on Bradley: they often have big first or third quarters but is otherwise quiet during games. After Bradley erupted for five first-half 3-pointers on Saturday, it was fair to wonder if he'd have a quieter second half. Instead, they more than doubled their first-half output and delivered the game-clinching, 3-point dagger with 50 seconds to play.
If not for a missed free throw in the final minute, Bradley would have tied their career high of 32 points (set on Nov. 3, 2014, against the Dallas Mavericks).
About the only early-season negative for Bradley: their defense hasn't quite been up to their lofty standards. The league's player-tracking data has shown that opponents are shooting 48.6 percent against him, but Boston's defense as a whole has been lackluster so far. While Bradley has admitted it's tough to be impactful at both ends of the court, there's no reason they can't maintain much of their offensive contributions without compromising their defensive standards.
"I know where I want to be, and I'm going to work as hard as I can to get there," Bradley said.
Freeloaders enjoying the entitled life are not confined to subprime areas. Today's featured property may be the worst case of housing entitlement in the country, and it is right here in Irvine.
Irvine Home Address … 14 BLUEBELL Irvine, CA 92618
Resale Home Price …… $469,900
{book1}
The mountain is high, the valley is low
And you're confused 'bout which way to go
So I flew here to give you a hand
And lead you into the promised land
So, come on and take a free ride (free ride)
Come on and take it by my side
Come on and take a free ride
All over the country, I'm seeing the same
Nobody's winning, at this kind of game
The Edgar Winter Group — Free Ride
If people get to have free rides, don't you want to be one of them? Looks like great fun to me. I can see why everyone wants to own a house in California; you get a nice entitlement during the rough times, and you get free money during the good times. Where do I sign up?
Recently, I exposed The Face of Housing Entitlement Today.
… from the LA Times article Many borrowers in default live for free as lenders delay evictions :
Despite being months behind, many strapped residents are hanging on to their homes, essentially living rent-free. Pressure on banks to modify loans and a glut of inventory are driving the trend. [Patricia and Eugene Harrison, who bought their Perris home seven years ago, have lived there since October 2008 without making any payments on their mortgage. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times / February 19, 2010)]
Do you think any unemployed renters who are failing to pay rent are living that well? Full dinner plates, a solid roof, mementos and permanent storage, comfortable surroundings; we endow these entitlements on those who own. … If you can sign your name to a mortgage, you no longer have to fear homelessness, and your level of entitlement increases significantly. …
[Pictured above: Unemployed renter and family who failed to sign loan documents and squat in a house]
Many people astutely observed that squatting is more common in Riverside County, mostly due to higher levels of unemployment, but Irvine is not immune to its effect. In fact, people squat in Irvine houses just as they do in the valley of the dirt people, and in the case of today's featured property, it is much, much worse.
Irvine's Housing Entitlement
I first profiled today's featured property back in September of 2009 in the post Bluebell , a shocking example of gaming the system here in Irvine.
The owner of today's featured property paid $465,000 on 10/23/2003. They used a $372,000 first mortgage, a $93,000 second mortgage, and a $0 down payment.
On 12/30/2004 they refinanced into an Option ARM for $486,500.
Two months later on 2/3/2005 they opened a HELOC for $67,000.
Total property debt is $553,500 plus 3 years of missed payments, negative amortization, and fees.
Total mortgage equity withdrawal is $88,500.
Consider what this woman accomplished:
They put no money into the transaction. None. They extracted $88,500 in just over one year. That is nearly the median income in Irvine, and that money came to them without tax withholding. They have lived in the property since 2003, and in the full term of ownership, they have not made payments totaling what they pulled from the property.
I admit to feeling foolish. I looked at property in late 2003, and I deemed it too expensive. It never occurred to me that anyone could accomplish what this woman has done, or I might have followed in their footsteps. I feel like an idiot struggling to actually pay for my housing costs when I could have obtained a free ride for the last seven years. I hope lenders know that California borrowers are learning their lessons well.
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date: 02/08/2010
Document Type: Notice of Sale (aka Notice of Trustee's Sale)
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date: 12/03/2008
Document Type: Notice of Sale (aka Notice of Trustee's Sale)
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date: 08/28/2008
Document Type: Notice of Default
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date: 08/08/2007
Document Type: Notice of Rescission
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date: 05/25/2007
Document Type: Notice of Sale (aka Notice of Trustee's Sale)
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date: 01/24/2007
Document Type: Notice of Default
As I noted six months ago:
The owner of this property stopped making payments sometime in late 2006. It has been over two and one-half years [now three years] since this owner stopped paying, and they are still listed as the property owner, so one can assume they still occupy the property. That is two and one-half years without a housing payment—a bill we will all pick up as taxpayers at some point. How does that make you feel? Did you pay for your housing since 2006? I did.
The place looks very lived-in. Despite not paying a mortgage or rent, the owner looks in no hurry to leave.
It is a mess but not a packing mess…
How many of you who have been paying for your housing are living this well?
Irvine Home Address … 14 BLUEBELL Irvine, CA 92618
Resale Home Price … $469,900
Home Purchase Price … $465,000
Home Purchase Date …. 10/23/2003
Net Gain (Loss) ………. $(23,294)
Percent Change ………. 1.1%
Annual Appreciation … 0.1%
Cost of Ownership
————————————————-
$469,900 ………. Asking Price
$16,447 ………. 3.5% Down FHA Financing
5.00% …………… Mortgage Interest Rate
$453,454 ………. 30-Year Mortgage
$97,297 ………. Income Requirement
$2,434 ………. Monthly Mortgage Payment
$407 ………. Property Tax
$150 ………. Special Taxes and Levies (Mello Roos)
$39 ………. Homeowners Insurance
$114 ………. Homeowners Association Fees
============================================
$3,145 ………. Monthly Cash Outlays
-$402 ………. Tax Savings (% of Interest and Property Tax)
-$545 ………. Equity Hidden in Payment
$32 ………. Lost Income to Down Payment (net of taxes)
$59 ………. Maintenance and Replacement Reserves
============================================
$2,289 ………. Monthly Cost of Ownership
Cash Acquisition Demands
——————————————————————————
$4,699 ………. Furnishing and Move In @1%
$4,699 ………. Closing Costs @1%
$4,535 ………… Interest Points @1% of Loan
$16,447 ………. Down Payment
============================================
$30,379 ………. Total Cash Costs
$35,000 ………… Emergency Cash Reserves
============================================
$65,379 ………. Total Savings Needed
Property Details for 14 BLUEBELL Irvine, CA 92618
——————————————————————————
2 Beds
1 full 1 part baths Baths
1,508 sq ft Home size
($312 / sq ft)
2,000 sq ft Lot Size
Year Built 2000
4 Days on Market
MLS Number S608286
Condominium, Residential Property Type
Oak Creek Community
Tract Acac
——————————————————————————
LIVE THE DREAM IN THIS MAGNIFICENT 2 BEDROOM PLUS LOFT/OFFICE, 2.5 BATHROOM OAK CREEK HOME. SOME OF THE MANY FEATURES INCLUDE RICH, STRESSED HARDWOOD FLOORS THRU-OUT MAIN LEVEL, 2 MASTER SUITES, CUSTOMIZED WINDOW TREATMENTS, STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES, LARGE CENTER ISLAND WITH BAR TOP, TILE COUNTERS, PLUS A PRIVATE BACKYARD, WALKING PAVERS AND LUSH, MATURE SOFTSCAPE. DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS BEAUTIFUL HOME!
Live the dream? Yes, my dream is to live in this house for several years at no cost. Can you do that for me?
BTW, what is this picture supposed to show me? And are you tilting your head to the left?
Featured at Computex 2015, ROG Hog was an epic mod created by Wei Zheng (a.k.a. Ai Mask) from Beijing, China, who is a huge fan of ROG. As you might have guessed, they love bikes and cars, they are also passionate about computers and modding, so they own a computer shop which sells a lot of premium ROG products. A lot of gamers and ROG fans hang out at their shop daily, and their customers can tell you it's not just a business for him. Recently they were invited to compete in the Dream Gaming Machine competition where their project ROG Night Elf received the third most votes overall. They have collaborated with several companies including ASUS in terms of design, and was eager to help us make the ROG H-Tower system look pretty.
There are only a couple of these made and this is one of the first Ai Mask handcrafted. Any one interested in buying one of these masterpieces?
[gallery include="" size="medium" link="file" template="file-gallery"]
Check out these awesome specs:
CPU: Intel i7 5960X LGA 2011 v3
M/B: ROG Rampage V EXTREME
GPU: Matrix R9 290X
RAM: 16GB DDR4 2400MHz
SSD: HyperX Predator PCIe 480GB
PSU: In Win
Case: Cooler Master
Here are more pictures from Computex 2015 in Taipei, Taiwan:
[gallery include="" size="medium" link="file" template="file-gallery"]
A TV camera's monitor shows Uruguayan President Jose "Pepe" Mujica speaking to reporters during a brief photo-op with Secretary of State John F. Kerry at the State Department last week. (Jim Lo Scalzo/European Pressphoto Agency)
In just a few short months, pot smokers will be able to buy government-sanctioned marijuana in Uruguay, the first country in the world to legally permit its sale.
But please, says President José “Pepe” Mujica — don't use the “L” word.
"It has nothing to do with legalization,” they told The Washington Post in an interview last week, while visiting Washington.
"Yes, they said, users will be allowed to pick up 10 grams a week of pot. (For the uninitiated, that's enough to roll about 20 joints). It will be sold at rock-bottom prices. But Mujica, a former left-wing guerrilla turned Latin political icon, doesn't want their country seen as South America's capital of cannabis.
“It's the regulation of a market,” Mujica explained. “The market has existed, clandestinely, for quite a while. And it has grown a lot. The idea isn't to encourage the spread of marijuana but to focus on it, to be able to identify — we can identify how many people are affected, and the degree to which it affects them.”
Uruguay isn't kidding around when it talks about regulation. In an interview at the Uruguayan ambassador's residence in Potomac, a wealthy suburb of Washington, Mujica said pot sales will be tightly controlled. The government-approved weed will be grown on army bases.
And if you want to buy it, you will have to sign up in a registry. (Sorry — no foreign nationals allowed). Once approved, you'll go to a pharmacy, or public hospital, and place your finger on a scanner that will register whether you qualify and how much marijuana you've already gotten. (The limit is 40 grams a month).
The price? About a dollar a gram, far cheaper than in Colorado, which began allowing the sale of recreational marijuana this year. There, buyers were paying $35 to $70 for an eighth of an ounce in January, according to the Huffington Post — about $10 to $20 a gram. (A later study by fivethirtyeight.com in April found that the median price for recreational pot in Colorado was $7.00 to $8.50 per gram, for quantities larger than a gram).
The Uruguayan government will be watching your pot very closely. Mujica, 78, a gray-haired former Marxist known for their frugal lifestyle, believes in liberal reforms — they have also legalized same-sex marriage and abortion. But don't think they are casual when it comes to pot.
“We are going to use cloning,” they said, as they sipped tea in the dining room of the ambassador's residence, describing how the government will track the marijuana grown on its bases. “We want to identify it at the molecular level. Because we don't want stuff being diverted to our neighboring countries.”
Under regulations released this month, Uruguayans will be able to smoke only at home or in open-air spots. The pot will be sold in bar-coded, radio-frequency-tagged bags, with scary heatlh warnings, just like those for cigarettes. “We have closed the circle” of marijuana production and sales, the president said — leaving out the kind of drug traffickers who have wreaked havoc in other parts of Latin America.
This all sounds pretty impressive. But can it work? We gently reminded the president of another grand social experiment — Obamacare — which got off to a rather rough start on the technology front.
“We know that,” they laughed. But they pointed out that more than 300 million people live in the United States. There are just 3 million in their cattle-ranching country.
“In Uruguay, there are 13 million cows,” they said, pointing out that there is a national system to track them, involving tagging each with an electronic chip. “We can say, OK, the history of this cow — they were born here, they grazed on this field, later they were sold to this guy., We can track everything. There is no country in the world that can do this!”
If Uruguay can track its cows, they assured us, it will be able to track its pot users.
The marijuana program is not about fun, Mujica said. This is about keeping an eye on people with a medical problem.
“We guarantee a personal dose for people who have this addiction. They don't have to go to the black market,” said the president, who doesn't smoke pot. “But we also have a way of seeing how that person's life is going, and, as such, we can provide timely intervention. Because what happens with people who are really addicted to drugs — chronic users — is that often they fall into crime, to have money to buy" the drugs.
During their trip to Washington, Mujica met with President Obama, Secretary of State John F. Kerry and other senior U.S. officials. And how do American officials see Uruguay's experiment with legalized pot?
“They look at us like we're weirdos,” they said, laughing.
(CNN) President Barack Obama said the worst mistake of their presidency was a lack of planning for the aftermath of the 2011 toppling of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi.
"Probably failing to plan for the day after what I think was the right thing to do in intervening in Libya," they said in a Fox News interview aired Sunday.
This is not the first time in recent weeks they have talked about Libya and the NATO-led intervention which resulted in Gadhafi's death in October of that year, months after NATO first intervened.
In a profile published last month in The Atlantic , the President told author Jeffrey Goldberg that British Prime Minister David Cameron became "distracted by a range of other things" after the operation.
Cameron, along with former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, took the brunt of Obama's criticism.
Although Obama said they think the intervention went as well as it could, they view Libya today as a "mess."
Privately, according to the article, they refer to the troubled state as a "sh*t show."
Inaction blamed for 'mess'
In a statement to CNN, a National Security Council spokesperson tried to qualify Obama's remarks and reassure that the alliance between the United Kingdom and United States remains strong.
"Prime Minister Cameron has been as close a partner as the President has had, and we deeply value the UK's contributions on our shared national security and foreign policy objectives which reflect our special and essential relationship," NSC spokesperson Ned Price said.
In The Atlantic, Obama said they had more faith in Europeans "being invested in a follow-up" given their geographical "proximity" and largely blames their inaction for the "mess."
On Libya, Price said Obama has previously said and continues to believe that "all of us -- including the United States -- could have done more in the aftermath of the Libyan intervention."
Price said that the UK has "stepped up on a range of issues," including pressing fellow NATO members to increase defense spending.
Sandy Hook horror
In September, Obama also criticized the Libya intervention during a speech before the U.N. General Assembly.
"Our coalition could have and should have done more to fill a vacuum left behind," they had said.
Obama said in the Sunday interview that "saving the economy from a great depression" after the financial crisis in 2008 was their top White House accomplishment.
And -- as they have before -- they said their best day in the White House was when health care reform passed.
"We sat out on the Truman Balcony with all the staff that had worked so hard on it and I, I knew what it would mean for the families that I'd met who didn't have health care," Obama said,
They also recounted that their worst day in the White House was "the day we traveled up to Newtown after Sandy Hook" when 20 children, mostly first-graders, were killed on December 14, 2012 at an elementary school. They spoke at a local prayer vigil two days later.
When Roni Brown and their husband bought an Upper Beach home in 2013, they suspected the garage behind the house needed plenty of work, and their instincts proved to be well founded last year as they set to work restoring the space.
The studs were so rotten, recalls Ms. Brown, an interior decorator, that when their contractor removed the walls, the garage actually swayed. "It was nasty."
The couple spent $15,000 firming up the foundation, roof and walls, and cleaning some of the original wood panels. Now, a workbench takes up half the space and the rest is decorated with quirky furniture and shelving, and serves as an outdoor room.
Story continues below advertisement
As Ms. Brown points out, the garage takes up most of their backyard, so it has become an extension of their living space. "We just felt garages are so valuable in the city that you've got to take care of them."
Welcome to Toronto's garage rebuilding boom. According to city building permit data, homeowners have spent almost $30-million on more than 2,400 garage projects since 2014, and those numbers don't include all the projects completed without a building permit.
While a significant proportion seem to be situated on the extensive network of downtown laneways, contractors and architects also say the vast majority aren't laneway housing, although those kinds of conversion projects get the lion's share of attention from policy-makers, architects and the media.
Rather than being turned into living spaces, some garages are being repurposed as art studios or workshops, among other uses. Alex Bartlett/BSQ Landscape Architects
"It's exploding," says contractor Joël Campbell, whose firm, Laneway Custom Builders, has been exclusively rebuilding garages for the past three years.
General contractor Dave Youngs, who fields almost a dozen garage reno inquiries a week, adds that few want some kind of dwelling unit. "It's nothing like the tear-downs and new garages, which support a lot of contractors and carpenters."
Developer Andrew Sorbara, who cofounded the Lanescape Project, which has pushed the city to approve rental laneway suites, says they don't think the surge of garage rebuilds will eat into the supply of potential laneway housing locations.
The city's planning staff is currently studying Lanescape's proposal. In the meantime, Mr. Sorbara says that they tell people who contact them about garage reno projects to build solid foundations so that a carport can be repurposed later on.
Story continues below advertisement
In older but rapidly gentrifying areas, a laneway garage adds plenty of value to a property, but many are very old, rickety and likely used mainly for storing junk. It's not uncommon to see laneway garages with precariously sagging roofs and overgrown doors that clearly haven't been opened in decades.
But with affluent, new owners paying top-dollar for downtown homes, garages are sometimes knocked down to allow construction equipment to gain access to the rear of the house, then rebuilt as part of an overall renovation project.
For more established residents who can't afford to move, a renovated garage adds more living and storage space, says Mr. Campbell.
The costs can vary dramatically. Mr. Youngs says a basic slab foundation plus a prefab concrete block garage will cost about $35,000, with further features – insulation, plumbing, heating, decor, etc., – adding further expense.
Some homeowners are looking for additional architectural elements on both exteriors and interiors, especially for garages that will be repurposed as outdoor rooms, cabanas, yoga or art studios, workshops, and so on.
Mr. Campbell says a growing number also want their renovated garages to be equipped with high voltage electrical outlets suitable for charging electric vehicles.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Youngs points out that while homeowners may describe the project as a garage reno on the building permit application, the actual end use is for some other purpose.
Certain building code restrictions come into play with more elaborate versions – if there's a room above the garage, the structure needs specialized ventilation.
Exterior and interior aesthetics, such as French doors opening into the backyard, are also important. Ms. Brown clad their refurbished garage doors with translucent panels and black edging to achieve a modern, clean-lined look. Mr. Campbell had a client who had a climbing wall and an ax-throwing target installed in their garage.
Adding a vinyl wrap to a garage can make graffiti easier to clean or remove. Sustainable.TO
Nicholas Discenza, an architectural designer at Sustainable.TO, says they have worked with clients who have expressed concerns about recurring graffiti and tagging. The solution: vinyl wrap murals for garage doors that have complex designs and are easy to clean or remove. They add $1,000 to $1,500 to the budget.
According to Mr. Discenza, some clients are also asking for green roofs for their garages as an alternative to standard tiles. Prices for such roofs are highly variable – anywhere from $2,000 to $10,000 for a 200 square foot roof – depending on the depth of the growing strata that sits on top of the waterproof membrane. Some suppliers offer annual maintenance packages, but they caution that these tend to be expensive, especially for small projects like garages.
One west-end homeowner with a south-facing garage went one large step further, reinforcing the foundation and then over-building the roof so it will hold a full vegetable garden and a small patio with space for a couple of Muskoka chairs.
Some owners use the roof of their garage as a garden. Nicholas Discenza/Sustainable.TO
"The weight of the soil is considerable," says the owner, who asked that their name not be used because the project was completed without a building permit. They explain that there's a micro-climate on top of the roof that has greatly accelerated the growing season for their eggplants, green peppers and other vegetables. "I've got tomatoes up the whazoo."
As with others interviewed for this story, the space transcends the traditional vehicle/storage functions of rear garages, and becomes part of the backyard and living space on an otherwise cramped lot. "We call it the cottage," they say. "Go out back and climb up the ladder."
Adds Ms. Brown: "If you have a garage, that means a lot and not just for resale. It's worth the investment."
"Good morning to everyone except the 100 companies responsible for 71% of greenhouse gas emissions since 1988."
—Kate Aronoff, In These Times
One of the largest icebergs on record—weighing in at approximately one trillion tonnes and encompassing an area comparable in size to the state of Delaware—has finally broken away from the Larsen C Ice Shelf, an event that has long been anticipated by scientists monitoring West Antarctica through satellite imagery.
"The calving occurred sometime between Monday 10th July and Wednesday 12th July 2017, when a 5,800 square km section of Larsen C finally broke away," Project Midas, a U.K.-based research group investigating the effects of climate change on Antarctic ice, reported on Wednesday.
Breaking news! The iceberg has fully detached from Larsen C - more details to follow soon pic.twitter.com/pdSxDuAGjR — Project MIDAS (@MIDASOnIce) July 12, 2017
Updated #Sentinel1 InSAR sequence shows final branching at the rift tip as it reaches within 4.5 km (2.8 miles) of breaking through to calve pic.twitter.com/6F1Bs8Zmkv — Adrian Luckman (@adrian_luckman) July 6, 2017
In a statement, Professor Adrian Luckman of Swansea University—the lead investigator of Project Midas—said that they and their team will continue to monitor both the impact of this calving event on the Larsen C Ice Shelf, and the fate of this huge iceberg."
"The remaining shelf will be at its smallest ever known size," Luckman added. "This is a big change. Maps will need to be redrawn."
While scientists acknowledged that it is unclear whether this particular event was caused by a warming climate, they argued that it could be "a sign of changes to come."
"Certainly the changes that we see on ice shelves, such as thinning because of warmer ocean waters, are the sort [of changes] that are going to make it easier for these events to happen," Twila Moon of the U.S. National Ice and Snow Data Center said in an interview with the Guardian.
Brenda Ekwurzel, director of climate science and senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, echoed Moon's argument, noting in a statement: "This is likely a harbinger of the pace and size of future ice shelf breaks in the Antarctic Peninsula."
"It's concerning that the ocean and air temperatures around the Larsen C Ice Shelf are so warm," Ekwurzel concluded. "Ocean warming could affect other ice shelves in Antarctica that are holding back massive ice sheets. Scientists, aware of these processes, are likely to adjust sea level rise calculations, reflecting higher levels arriving sooner than now projected."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Anticipating the break-off, climate activists have in recent days insisted that the event should be tied to the activities of fossil fuel companies. As Common Dreams reported, 350.org has called on the U.S. National Ice Center to "name the Larsen C iceberg #ExxonKnew."
"With one of the world's biggest ice shelves at a breaking point, this destruction should bear the name of its greatest perpetrator: Exxon," Aaron Packard, 350.org's climate impact coordinator, said in a statement.
Following the news that the iceberg had finally split from the Larsen C Ice Shelf, commentators echoed Packard's remarks while using the event as an opportunity to slam President Donald Trump for withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate accord.
Good morning to everyone except the 100 companies responsible for 71% of greenhouse gas emissions since 1988 https://t.co/L9tBVk8XKI — Kate Aronoff (@KateAronoff) July 12, 2017
Ironic that this happens soon after Trump has taken U.S. out of #ParisAgreement. Rather like the ice-shelf, Trump has left U.S. drift alone https://t.co/uhtmok2S8s — Jennifer Morgan (@climatemorgan) July 12, 2017
An iceberg the size of Delaware broke off of Antarctica. Good thing we have a smart leader who will keep us in the Paris Agreement. Oh.... — Dave Matt (@davematt88) July 12, 2017
#4264818 - 04:47 PM Re: Selena Gomez - at Disneyland in Anaheim 6/26/13 Re: ATK3] Carrie'sSexylegs
Registered: 01/11/10
Posts: 5890 Monitor TannedRegistered: 01/11/10Posts: 5890
My Top Beatiful Ladies! (as of 5/20/13)
1. Victoria Justice 2. Carrie Underwood 3. Jenna Fischer 4. Jennifer Love Hewitt 5. Selena Gomez 6. Emma Watson 7. Kimberley Walsh 8. Taylor Swift 9. Emma Stone 10. Emmy Rossum 11. Kate Beckinsale 12. Debby Ryan 13. Zooey Deschanel 14. Sofia Vergara 15. Jenna Louise Coleman 16. Molly Quinn 17. Isla Fisher 18. Jenny McCarthy 19. Katy Perry 20. Demi Lovato 21. Carly Rae Jepsen 22. Bridget Mendler 23. Jennette McCurdy _________________________My Top Beatiful Ladies! (as of 5/20/13)1. Victoria Justice 2. Carrie Underwood 3. Jenna Fischer 4. Jennifer Love Hewitt 5. Selena Gomez 6. Emma Watson 7. Kimberley Walsh 8. Taylor Swift 9. Emma Stone 10. Emmy Rossum 11. Kate Beckinsale 12. Debby Ryan 13. Zooey Deschanel 14. Sofia Vergara 15. Jenna Louise Coleman 16. Molly Quinn 17. Isla Fisher 18. Jenny McCarthy 19. Katy Perry 20. Demi Lovato 21. Carly Rae Jepsen 22. Bridget Mendler 23. Jennette McCurdy
Top
Stupid as it sounds, Pakistan hasn't had a census in 18 years. Thus, everything from federal and local policy to the understanding of urban planning is built on estimates and calculations based on what little data can be gathered. A cursory search for the population of Karachi reveals numbers ranging from 17 to 24 million, a range that makes the pre-Brexit polls look like the Oracle of Delphi. That seems appropriate for a country that would rather go with the flow than have anything to do with numbers. What we can gather, though, is that over two-thirds of Pakistan's population is under the age of 35 - or to put it another way, has no memory of the last time Pakistan toured England without any real controversies.
That's not to say that England's tours to Asia have been comradely sojourns. From Idrees Baig to Shakoor Rana, Pakistani umpires have rarely seen eye to eye with visiting English players, although neither party could ever claim to be humankind's angels. And from Moin Khan's time-wasting tactics (in Karachi in 2000) to Misbah-ul-Haq's time-wasting tactics, the mythical spirit of cricket hasn't exactly been observed.
Not that the Pakistanis are the lone culprits in this - names like Bill Athey, David Constant and Ian Botham are remembered differently in Pakistan (for those who care to remember them) than they are elsewhere. But 1987, with its incidents of crowd trouble and player confrontations, was the true beginning of the modern cricketing relationship between the two countries. In that year they played eight Tests against each other, and fulfilled the dictionary definition of familiarity breeding contempt.
Javed Miandad maintained that the friction had to do with "cultural differences", but in their time there usually were more than half a dozen Pakistani players playing county cricket. The lack of such interaction since has only exacerbated the problems. The '90s brought accusations of ball-tampering and a libel case that would be a far bigger deal if it happened elsewhere, but is a mere footnote in the larger Pakistan-England saga.
In the 2000s, the era of the clash of civilisations properly took root. In 2006 the confused English were introduced to the concept of honour, and how much it means to Pakistani men of a certain ilk. And 2010 showed them that even honourable Pakistanis are quite capable of dishonourable acts.
During the 2006 and 2010 tours there was a plethora of writing on, respectively, a) Pakistani thinking, and b) the financial situation and hierarchy in the Pakistani dressing room. And throughout, Pakistan's cricketers felt like they were being conspired against, as is customary for them. Miandad was right all along, and their legacy lives on.
But what Pakistan face in 2016 is far different to what they've faced over the previous few decades. For one thing, the English establishment - the bête noire of players like Miandad, who are always looking for any perceived slight, particularly pertaining to race - is in a better place. Since Miandad's playing days, the MCC, the personification of that establishment, has even inducted actual human females into their ranks.
And the team Pakistan will face is a far cry from the ones they used to dominate. England have lost only four out of their last 29 home series, compared to 13 out of the 29 before that, an era in which they lost more than they won at home - including three out of four series against Pakistan.
2006: when it all went to hell in a hand basket at The Oval Getty Images
The one constant that Pakistan have faced, one that some cricketers from the '90s have argued is their only real opponent on an England tour, still survives, though. It says much about past series, and the state of Pakistani fandom, that as important as the hope that the series be competitive is the hope that the Pakistani players return without ruining their reputations at the hands of the English tabloids. For their cricketers, every tour to England has the potential to be their Ides of March. The least one should expect is a phone-hacking scandal; anything less will be a let down.
The coverage of the team so far on tour has been predictable. The focus has been on Mohammad Amir (the prodigal son, the crown prince of Pakistani fast bowling, and prime clickbait right now) and their return. Never mind that they have been playing international cricket for over six months now. As we've learnt over the decades, if it's not happening in England or Australia, does it really count as cricket?
Otherwise the focus has been on Misbah as a lion tamer, a cool, calm head who has been able to control the savages, only with political correctness thrown in. What seems to have escaped attention is that Misbah, and their team, are far more English than stereotypically Pakistani. Of course, Pakistan don't rely on pure numbers, but on estimates and calculations based on whatever little data they can gather; but their methodology, of playing the percentages, of competence over combustion, of substance over style, is much closer to Andy Flower's England than what would generally be considered Pakistani.
And this tour is the difference between the world realising that and Pakistan falling by the wayside unable to shake off their rust, unable to acclimatise to alien conditions, forever to be known as "mercurial" and "unpredictable". They come into this series with the longest unbeaten series streak in international cricket right now, and the second-best win-loss ratio since that 2010 tour, and yet all could come to nought in the popular imagination if they don't overcome an English team that has won 12 of its last 15 home series, and a tabloid press that loves Pakistan like no other. The hounds back home too will be out, to tear everything down, or whatever little is left by the time the team returns home. But they can always comfort themselves knowing that whatever happens, at least it'll be better than last time.
Gas at many Calgary stations is now almost 128 cents per litre, and the reason for the latest hike has at least one petroleum analyst mystified.
It's the second time in less than a week the price of gas has spiked significantly.
On Sunday, gas was 108.9 cents a litre at most stations in the city, but jumped to 113.9 on Monday then to 127.9 on Thursday.
Roger McKnight of En-Pro International suspects there may be a problem in the Edmonton refining hub.
"My concern is with the wholesale prices," they said. "Imperial Oil jumped the wholesale price on Wednesday by 7.9 cents a litre, and Shell and Suncor followed suit pretty soon after that. There's no reason for that whatsoever."
McKnight believes record U.S. exports of crude oil, diesel and gas could also be a factor in the increased prices.
Those, in turn, keep rack rates in North America high.
"The demand side for diesel is actually down, the demand for gasoline is sort of level," they said.
"So this really all depends on if the domestic market can support higher wholesale prices."
Gas reached 127.9 cents a litre at some stations in Calgary. (Julie Debeljak/CBC)
'Dam must break'
McKnight says even if the oil companies are trying to boost their retail margins, the price should only be about 118.9 cents a litre.
The rack rate is the price the retailer pays to the supplier and change on a daily basis, said Michael Ervin, senior vice-president at the Kent Group, which could account for some of the increase.
"Over the last month, wholesale prices have been steadily increasing, pretty much on a day-to-day basis, but retailers are very reluctant to pass that along on a daily basis, which is why you don't see daily pump price changes," they said, noting competition has kept prices down in recent weeks
"It gets to the point where the dam must break in order for retailers to re-establish a price that provides them some level of reasonable margin," they said.
A gushing profile of the Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, in which New York Times star columnist Thomas Friedman praises them as the architect of the country's “Arab Spring,” intent on moderating Islam and fighting corruption, has attracted quite a backlash.
During Friedman's visit to Riyadh, Mohammed bin Salman – or “M.B.S.” as the journalist invariably calls them – and “several senior ministers” treated them to “different lamb dishes” in the House of Saud's “ornate adobe-walled family palace” and “wore them out with a fire hose of new ideas about transforming their country” during a conversation that lasted into the early hours of the morning. Importantly for Friedman, “M.B.S.” spoke in English.
Read more
While Friedman inserts several caveats into the article, its tone is relentlessly positive, and at one point they say “only a fool would not root” for the Crown Prince's plans to succeed.
“[T]hey have a young leader who is driving religious and economic reform, who talks the language of high tech, and whose biggest sin may be that they want to go too fast. Most ministers are now in their 40s — and not 60s. And with the suffocating hand of a puritanical Islam being lifted, it's giving them a chance to think afresh about their country and their identity as Saudis,” writes Friedman, who reminds the audience of their own early journalistic career as a Middle East correspondent.
Friedman evidently probed “M.B.S.” on several hot-button issues, such as the Saudi-engineered political crisis in Lebanon, the humanitarian cost of the war in Yemen, and Iran. Each time, the Saudi royal, who is thought to have assumed control of the country from their father, King Salman, is allowed to state their views unchallenged. For all their spirit of openness, Mohammed bin Salman refuses to talk about the resignation of Saad Hariri, bats away questions about Yemen by saying that the war against the Houthis is nearly won, and refers to Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, as “the new Hitler of the Middle East” without any qualification of that statement from Friedman.
After being roundly criticized in the comments, the 2,700-word profile then immediately went viral, provoking a reaction from high-profile journalists and many of the leading experts on the region.
Anti-terrorism expert Max Abrahms gave a capsule summary of the encounter.
Mohammad Bin Salman:
I'm a reformer.
Thomas Friedman:
You're the best.
Mohammad Bin Salman:
I fight Nazis in the form of Iran.
Thomas Friedman:
You're a modern day Winston Churchill.
Mohammad Bin Salman:
I like that.
Thomas Friedman:
Sure, thanks for the interview. — Max Abrahms (@MaxAbrahms) 24 November 2017
Indeed, according to AFP's diplomatic correspondent Dave Clark, Riyadh was also pleased with the encounter.
Saudi government just sent me a copy of Friedman's MBS piece, in case I missed it — Dave Clark (@DaveClark_AFP) 24 November 2017
The Intercept journalist Glenn Greenwald in fact thought that the Saudis couldn't even pay the NYT for such positive coverage.
This Tom Friedman hagiography of the Saudi tyrant who is killing actual reformers & imposing famine and destruction on Yemen is - without hyperbole - utterly disgusting. If the Saudi regime bought a full-page ad in the NYT, it'd be less fawning and shameless than this column: https://t.co/5vHJ1ilWyJ — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) 24 November 2017
But according to Shane Bower, of Mother Jones, sometimes paid-for tours that end with lamb dinners in gilded palaces work better than any paid advertising.
Friedman's Saudi article is a great example of the problem with access journalism. Powerful person brings you into the fold, makes you feel like part of the club, and shows what they want you to see. Then you write nice things about powerful person. — Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) 25 November 2017
Adam H. Johnson, who writes for the LA Times, also noted the quality of Friedman's research.
Thomas Friedman hangs out in the Crown Princes palace all day and did a poll. Seems legit. pic.twitter.com/66JllxGMnN — Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) 24 November 2017
Journalist Michael Tracey thought the integrity and balance of the New York Times piece should be compared with the alleged ceaseless bias exhibited by RT.
RT could put out 50 full-blown propaganda items a day and never match the sheer insidiousness of this ridiculous, bad-even-by-Tom-Friedman-standards ode https://t.co/AjD6j55UEs — Michael Tracey (@mtracey) 24 November 2017
But then again, PRI's Richard Hall noted that the "newspaper of record" knows what it's doing.
The NYT's business model is complex and multi-layered, but at its foundation is the vast traffic driven by people hate-reading Thomas Friedman. — Richard Hall (@_RichardHall) 24 November 2017
While some shared jokes, others, such as AFP's Sarah Hussein and freelancer David Klion, were genuinely offended.
Next time you hear about children starving to death in #Yemen, where Riyadh is waging a war, remember Thomas Friedman tells us that the Saudi crown prince's "biggest sin may be that they want to go too fast." — Sara Hussein (@sarahussein) 24 November 2017
There's a lot wrong with that Friedman piece but by far the biggest problem is that we are helping the Saudi king commit genocide in Yemen right now and it really ought to be the biggest story in the world every day. — David Klion (@DavidKlion) 24 November 2017
The Daily Beast's Paul Gottinger noted that there had already been an Arab Spring in Saudi Arabia, whose details go strangely unmentioned by the New York Times.
The most obscene part of Thomas Friedman's atrocious piece on Saudi crown prince, is that many who took part in Saudi's *actual* Arab Spring were executed or have been sentenced to death pic.twitter.com/E6yPNQmVBX — Paul Gottinger (@PaulGottinger) 25 November 2017
Murtaza Mohammad Hussein of the Intercept thought that the feature was informative and useful, albeit not necessarily in the way Friedman was intending.
Thomas Friedman is obviously terrible but their writing provides a genuine insight into how the global elite thinks about things. — Murtaza Mohammad Hussain (@MazMHussain) 24 November 2017
But perhaps the most damning response – and the most embarrassing for Friedman – was from Abdullah al-Arian, assistant professor of history at Georgetown University. They simply pulled out a dozen eerily similar rhapsodies from the New York Times over the past century, each time vowing that the new Saudi ruler – however backward they turned out to be in hindsight –would be a reformer who would bring democracy and fairness to the Gulf State. And just like Friedman today, there was always an excitable journalist, convinced that they had received precious insight straight from the horse's mouth, and ready to regurgitate it into the world.
JOHNSTOWN, Colo. (CBS4) – A teacher was placed on paid administrative leave after the Johnstown Milliken School District said they allowed students to hit a piñata with President Donald Trump's face on it.
District Superintendent Martin Foster said the incident took place on the campus of Roosevelt High School in Johnstown as part of a Spanish class' celebration of Cinco de Mayo.
Video, and pictures, of the incident were posted on Snapchat, a phone application that allows users to share images for a set amount of time.
When Roosevelt High parent Lesley Hollywood saw the videos on Snapchat, they immediately took offense to it.
“It is disturbing that this would be happening in a school setting,” Hollywood told CBS4's Dillon Thomas. “Why divide people? Why do this? There are so many other ways we can address politics in schools.”
In a statement issued to CBS4, Foster confirmed an investigation was started after the Spanish teacher allegedly allowed the incident to take place on campus.
Some parents, like Hollywood, applauded the school for taking action.
“Political discourse right now, in this country, is already so strained and so angry,” Hollywood said.
Hollywood, who did not vote for Trump, said the disrespect towards the nation's leader was what concerned them
“I wouldn't of cared if it was Obama's face on that piñata, or if it had been Hillary Clinton's face,” Hollywood said. “It doesn't matter. This is not how we should be teaching our children politics in this country.”
“This was an incredibly disrespectful act that does not reflect the values of Roosevelt High School or the district,” Foster said.
Students at the school wrote Hollywood telling their Mexico's president, Enrique Pena Nieto, was also on the piñata. However, neither district officials nor video evidence suggested that was the case.
Hollywood encouraged the school to have political dialogue. However, they said the manner in which the teacher allowed it to happen was not acceptable in their eyes.
“They can have these conversations in a respectful manner. I just didn't feel this was very respectful,” Hollywood said.
Dillon Thomas is a reporter at CBS4 and a Colorado native. They believe everyone has a story, and would love to share yours! You can find more of their stories by following them on Twitter, @DillonMThomas.
A U.S. F-15E Strike Eagle fighter jet shot down an armed “pro-Syrian regime” drone advancing on coalition forces in Southern Syria at approximately 12:30 a.m. on Tuesday.
The drone was identified as a Shaheed-129 that displayed “hostile intent and advanced” on coalition forces at the At Tanf combat outpost used to train partner Syrian forces in the fight against the Islamic State (ISIS).
The U.S.-led military coalition said in a statement that the shoot down occurred where another pro-regime drone dropped munitions on June 8 before it was also shot down.
“The F-15E intercepted the armed UAV after it was observed advancing on the Coalition position. When the armed UAV continued to advance on the Coalition position without diverting its course it was shot down,” the statement said.
The shoot down comes two days after the U.S. announced it shot down a Syrian regime fighter jet on Sunday after it dropped bombs near U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces advancing on ISIS's stronghold of Raqqa. That incident angered Russia, which intervened in the Syrian civil war on Syria's behalf in 2015 and has a hotline with the U.S. to deconflict airspace and make sure their air forces don't collide mid-air.
Russia announced on Monday it was suspending the hotline, but the U.S. said it was still functioning as of Monday morning.
The coalition implied the hotline was still working as of Tuesday morning.
“There is a de-confliction mechanism in place with Russian forces to reduce uncertainty in this highly contested space and mitigate the chances of strategic miscalculation. Given recent events, the Coalition will not allow pro-regime aircraft to threaten or approach in close proximity to Coalition and partnered forces,” the statement said.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford urged calm on Monday, calling talk of “World War III” unproductive.
“The worst thing that any of us could do right now is, would be to address this thing with hyperbole,” they said during an appearance at the National Press Club in Washington, DC.
“An incident occurred, we have to work through the incident, we have a channel to be able to do that,” they said.
The two latest shoot downs, in addition to the one on June 8, has raised questions over whether the U.S. is getting drawn into a war with Russia or Syria, rather than just with ISIS.
But the coalition said the move was defensive.
“The Coalition presence in Syria addresses the imminent threat ISIS in Syria poses globally. The Coalition does not seek to fight Syrian regime, Russian, or pro-regime forces partnered with them, but will not hesitate to defend Coalition or partner forces from any threat,” it said.
“The Coalition has made it clear to all parties [publicly] and through the de-confliction line with Russian forces that the demonstrated hostile intent and actions of pro-regime forces toward Coalition and partner forces in Syria conducting legitimate counter-ISIS operations will not be tolerated,” the statement read.
“The Coalition calls on all parties to focus their efforts on the defeat of ISIS, which is our common enemy and the greatest threat to regional and worldwide peace and security.”
The Miami Dolphins had two very solid early round selections in the 2016 NFL draft with the selection of Laremy Tunsil in the first round and Xavien Howard in the second. However, many gems are found in the later rounds, or even go undrafted, especially at the wide receiver position.
Let's look at the last few years for example. Allen Hurns, who was just named to the NFL's Top 100, went undrafted in the 2014 NFL draft, as did Saints standout Willie Snead. Marvin Jones, a former Bengal who just signed a five year, $40 million contract with the Detroit Lions, was drafted in the fifth round of the 2012 Draft. Doug Baldwin, who has cemented themselves as the #1 receiver in Seattle went undrafted in the 2011 Draft, and Antonio Brown, the best receiver in the NFL, was a sixth round draft selection in the 2010 NFL Draft, and the list goes on.
Enter the 6th round of the 2016 NFL Draft. The Miami Dolphins had two draft selections, and used their first one, #186 overall, to select Jakeem Grant, a wide receiver from Texas Tech. After selecting Leonte Carroo in the third round, the selection of Grant was certainly brought under scrutiny, as wide receiver was no longer a need for the Dolphins, but in the sixth round, you're drafting the best player available, not drafting by need. Grant is the type of player that Adam Gase will utilize for an instant impact.
Grant will start the season as the #5 receiver on the depth chart, and barring any injury, they should stay in that spot. Once the season begins, Grant will actually be the shortest receiver in the NFL, and tied with Darren Sproles and Jacquizz Rodgers for the shortest player in the league. Grant will likely serve as Jarvis Landry's backup in the slot, and as the inside slot man in 5-wide sets, opposite of Landry. Grant has the potential to become a Julian Edelman type player, as a quick, inside guy with great hands. They ran a supposed 4.1 40-yard dash at their Pro Day, but was later recorded as a 4.34 time.
While Grant probably won't catch more than around 20 passes for the season, their bigger role will be in the return game. With Jarvis Landry now becoming a top receiver in the game, keeping them fresh and healthy should be a priority for the Miami Dolphins. One way to accomplish this is to have Landry relinquish their return role. The Dolphins have tried to keep Landry off of returns for the past two seasons. In 2014, Damien Williams was given a shot at the return game, but constant fumbles kept them out, and Landry back in. Marcus Thigpen was another failed experiment. In 2015, they still fielded 36 of the 41 punt returns, but kept a lighter load on the kickoff game, returning just 13 of the 43 returns, with Williams returning the majority, and Raheem Mostert fielding a few.
Grant was a fantastic kick returner in college, returning over 80 kicks, and taking four back for a touchdown. They never returned a punt, but given their natural ability, they will be plugged into that role, and based on their experience and athletic ability, should perform admirably in the return game. Will Grant have stats that will blow you away? No. However, they will make an impact in the most important way. They will become a solid return man, so Jarvis Landry can focus on becoming an elite receiver, and staying healthy. That will be their impact.
Pirates of West Cork
Piracy was rife in the South-West of Ireland in the late 16th century and early part of the 17th century when the area from Roaring Water Bay in West Cork and as far as Dingle in Co Kerry was a haven for swashbuckling pirates and bustling local trade. Here are some real stories from those times.
Pirates of Roaringwater Bay
Four centuries ago Roaringwater Bay on the south west coast of County Cork was home to one of the most successful pirate operations of the early 17th century. Its mastermind was Sir William Hull, the son of a former Mayor of Exeter.
In 1609 Hull was appointed Deputy Vice Admiral of Munster. Hull's castle at Castle Point on Leamcon, near Schull, in West Cork, was to become one of the foremost hubs for the pirates of the North Atlantic.From their home at Black Castle Leamcon, Hull became the chief contact or ‘land pirate', as contemporaries called him, for the North Atlantic pirates.
Aided by their equally caddish colleagues like James Salmon and the Jobson brothers, they happily received stolen goods, such as pepper, sugar and canvas, in return for a large percentage of the profits. Despite facing accusations of piracy throughout their career, Hull received a knighthood from Charles I in 1621.
The Sack of Baltimore
The Sack of Baltimore took place on June 20, 1631, when the village of Baltimore, West Cork, Ireland, was attacked by Ottoman Empire slavers from the Barbary Coast of North Africa – Dutchmen, Algerians and Ottoman Turks. The attack was the largest by Barbary pirates on either Ireland or Great Britain.The attack was led by a Dutch captain, Jan Janszoon van Haarlem, also known as Murad Reis the Younger.
Murad's force was led to the village by a man called Hackett, the captain of a fishing boat they had captured earlier, in exchange for their freedom. Hackett was subsequently hanged from the clifftop outside the village for their conspiracy. In the aftermath of the raid, the remaining settlers moved to Skibbereen, and Baltimore was virtually deserted for generations.
Pirates of Crookhaven
Up to 1,000 pirates were present between 1603 and the 1630's. A remarkable set of 12 steps in Crookhaven overhanging a cavern is where the pirates brought their booty ashore, and in Dutchman's Cove there are spaces for lanterns to guide the booty boats at the dead of night. This picture, shown with kind permission of historian Dr Connie Kelleher shows the steps down to the pirate cavern at Crookhaven. (NB. The steps shown are on private property and the permission of the landowner should be sought if accessing them).
Discovering West Cork's Pirate History
Up to 12 pirate shipwrecks are recorded in naval records – the coves and inlets of West Cork and South Kerry were ideal for the pirates, who were by and large professional mariners and had their own code of honour and hierarchy, even as far as their own admiral.
Piracy was so common and accepted that in a court case held in 1609 on Sherkin Island some of the jury were drawn from the pirates and “when not pirating they would engage in fishing”.
Here is a picture of evidence of the real pirates of West Cork from historian Dr Connie Kelleher. It shows a wreck being excavated off West Cork and two guns being archaeologically recorded. It is possibly a wreck associated with pirate captain John Nutt and may have been involved with the Raid on Baltimore in 1631.
Many thanks to historian Dr. Connie Kelleher for permission to use their research, pictures and writing on the pirates of West Cork.
– Wrecks over 100-years old are protected under the law and require a licence to dive on them from the State.
Silvio Berlusconi urged to apologise after impromptu speech in which they also advise young Italians to marry into money
Faced with a tottering economy and a crumbling coalition government, Silvio Berlusconi has chosen to woo a youth rally with jokes about Adolf Hitler and their own sexual prowess.
Appearing relaxed, if a little pale, before a crowd of cheering supporters yesterday, the frequently outspoken and gaffe-prone Italian prime minister promised to see out the end of their term, despite losing their guaranteed majority after a split with an ally, Gianfranco Fini.
Putting politics aside, they then launched into a series of anecdotes and apparent jokes that promptly drew accusations of anti-Semitism and even mental instability from opposition politicians.
The former cruise ship entertainer told a joke in which Adolf Hitler is begged by their supporters to return to power after they discover they are still alive. After resisting, Hitler says: "I'll come back, but on one condition ... next time I'm going to be evil."
Fabio Evangelisti, a member of parliament for the opposition Italy of Values party, demanded Berlusconi apologises to Israel and the Italian Jewish community. The party's leader, Antonio Di Pietro, said: "At this point the problem is not political or judicial, but psychiatric."
Turning their attention to the economy, Berlusconi jokingly advised young Italians to marry into money, adding: "I have a daughter who is free to marry."
Now separated from their wife following the scandal over their friendship with the teenage model Noemi Letizia, Berlusconi said they were also an eligible candidate for four reasons: "I am friendly, I have money, legend has it I know how to do 'it', and lastly because girls think: 'He's old and rich, they will die soon and I will inherit everything.'"
The poor performance over the weekend of AC Milan, the football club they control, was down to a leftwing referee disallowing goals, Berlusconi joked.
The impromptu speech followed a visit to Russia on Friday, where they surprised the audience at a conference on democracy with a fierce attack on Italian magistrates they claims are hounding him. They said of Vladimir Putin: "I have never had any doubts that they are anything less than democratically minded." Putin and Russian president Dmitry Medvedev, Berlusconi added, were "a gift from God" to Russia.
Last month, Berlusconi took time to defend Muammar Gaddafi after the Libyan leader told an invited audience of 200 women in Rome that Islam should be "Europe's religion". When the speech prompted outcry from the Vatican, Berlusconi dismissed Gaddafi's behaviour as merely "folkloric".
Berlusconi, 73, has previously been criticised for calling Barack Obama "young, handsome and tanned", and last year for leaving Angela Merkel waiting to greet them at a conference while they made a call on their mobile phone.
Despite the criticism today, Berlusconi claimed they were "a respected statesman who is praised at international summits for their background as a tycoon, their 16 years of political experience and the content of their proposals."
They said they had learned from Margaret Thatcher not to waste time reading negative coverage of themselves in newspapers. The former British prime minister, they said, had told them that their press secretary only showed them positive articles about them
Reign of error: Berlusconi's gaffes in office
• April 2009: Shortly after an earthquake hit the city of L'Aquila, Berlusconi told the 17,000 Italians made homeless by the quake that, "they should see it like a weekend of camping"
• January 2009: Dismissed the idea that increasing the number of troops on Italian streets would help stop a surge in rape cases arguing that, "we would need as many soldiers as there are beautiful girls in Italy – which we will never manage"
• November 2008: At a news conference in Moscow with the Russian president, Dmitry Medvedev, Berlusconi described Barack Obama as "young, handsome, and tanned"
• April 2008: Berlusconi caused outrage after saying "Zapatero [Spain's prime minister] has formed a government that is too pink, something that we cannot do in Italy because there is a prevalence of men in politics and it isn't easy to find women who are qualified ... They will have problems leading them"
• April 2006: On welcoming the then newly elected female MP Mara Carfagna to parliament they joked: "I am obliged to remind you of a rule in the Forza Italia group, the jus primae noctis" (a Latin reference to the medieval "law of the first night" which gave the lord of an estate the right to "deflower" new brides)
• June 2005: They claimed they had "brushed up" all their "playboy skills" to persuade Finland's president, Tarja Halonen, to agree to host the European Food Safety Authority in Italy
• July 2003: Berlusconi caused uproar at the European parliament after replying to a heckling German MEP with the comment, "Mr Schulz, I know there is in Italy a man producing a film on the Nazi concentration camps. I would like to suggest you for the role of leader. You'd be perfect"
Official figures show 46 nurses came to work in the UK in April, down from 1,304 last July
The number of nurses from the EU registering to work in the UK has dropped by 96% less than a year after the Brexit vote, official figures show.
Last July, 1,304 EU nurses came to work in the UK; this fell to just 46 in April, Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) statistics show.
The Health Foundation, which obtained the figures via freedom of information request, said there was a shortage of 30,000 nurses in England alone, adding that the NHS could not afford such a drop.
EU nurses no longer want to work in Britain. Brexit is poisoning the NHS | Suzanne Moore Read more
Anita Charlesworth, the charity's director of research and economics, said: “Without EU nurses it will be even harder for the NHS and other employers to find the staff they need to provide safe patient care. The findings should be a wake-up call to politicians and health service leaders.
“Clearly, action is needed to offset any further loss of EU nursing staff in the near future. But the overall shortage of 30,000 nurses is not a shortage caused by the Brexit vote. The chronic shortage of nurses is the result of years of short-term planning and cuts to training places. A sustainable, long-term approach to workforce planning is desperately needed.”
According to the Royal College of Nurses (RCN), there were 656,219 nurses on the NMC register at the end of March, of whom 5.5% (36,615) were from the EU or European Economic Area (EEA).
In recent years, NHS trusts have repeatedly turned to international recruitment to plug staffing gaps. But the RCN says the government's refusal to guarantee the status of EU nationals living in the UK is exacerbating shortages.
Theresa May has claimed Britain could not unilaterally guarantee EU citizens' rights as doing so would weaken their hand in the Brexit negotiations.
Janet Davies, the chief executive and general secretary of the RCN, said it was vital EU staff were given assurances about their future.
“We rely on the contributions of EU staff and this drop in numbers could have severe consequences for patients and their families,” they said. “Our nursing workforce is in a state of crisis. Across our health service, from A&E to elderly care, this puts patients at serious risk.
“These figures should act as a wake-up call to the government as they enter Brexit negotiations. EU staff should be left in no doubt that their contributions are welcome and valued.”
The Royal College of Midwives (RCM) said it was “a staggering drop and one that worries the RCM greatly”.
In March, NHS England announced it was launching a nursing training programme to help plug the gap created by the record number of Europeans leaving the health service since the EU referendum. The programme will increase the number of newly qualified nurses by up to 2,200 a year in 2019, when the UK is due to leave the EU.
A Department of Health spokesperson said: “We understand the need to give valued NHS staff from the EU certainty, which is exactly why we have made clear that the future of those EU nationals working in our health and care system should be a priority in Brexit negotiations.
“We also have over 52,000 nurses in training to ensure the NHS has the nurses it needs.”
• This article was amended on 13 June 2017. An earlier version referred to the Nursery and Midwifery Council, this has been changed to Nursing.
*US bioweapons lab with links to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation at core of Ebola epidemic
*CDC admits hospitals and vaccines cause Ebola
*UK and US mainstream media fuel Ebola hysteria
*The Telegraph hypes Ebola as a threat to Britain
*Epidemic and pandemic plans allow for implementation of martial law
A stunning piece of propaganda in establishment newspaper The Telegraph seems to be preparing the British public for a false flag Ebola outbreak at the Commonwealth Games starting in Glasgow on July 23.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/guinea/10942598/Ebola-out-of-control-in-West-Africa-as-health-workers-rush-to-trace-1500-possible-victims.html
The Telegraph buries a key aspect of the Story – the evidence that a US bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone with links to the Soros and Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is likely the origin of the current Ebola outbreak.
While The Telegraph buries facts about the existence of this hospital bioweapons research lab and also ignores information in the US Centers for Disease Control's (CDC) Ebola fact sheet which identifies hospitals as the place where an Ebola outbreak is most likely to occur, Washington Post reporter Terence McCoy has entered the realm of fairy tales by blaming the current Ebola outbreak on deforestation,.
http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/08/how-deforestation-and-human-activity-could-be-to-blame-for-the-ebola-pandemic/?tid=hp_mm
“Like most matters involving an Ebola epidemic, chronicling its first horrifying infection is not an easy endeavor,” McCoy sighs.
It is easy, Terence. Just read the CDC's Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever Information Packet which says that Ebola comes from hospitals and vaccinations in most cases.
http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/dvrd/spb/mnpages/dispages/Fact_Sheets/Ebola_Fact_Booklet.pdf
The CDC Ebola fact sheet admits on the very first page that clinics and hospitals are “frequently” the places of Ebola outbreaks.
The CDC fact sheet also states that the first ever Ebola deaths in 1976 were caused by ” …(close personal contact and by use of contaminated needles and syringes in) hospitals/clinics” .
In the second ever Ebola outbreak in 1976 in Sudan killing 151 people, the “[]Disease was spread mainly through close personal contact within hospitals,” says the CDC in language which could not be plainer.
McCoy prefers, however, to misrepresent the dry facts concerning Ebola originating in hospitals, which everyone can read online, to excite fear in readers with entertaining theories.
“But even in circumstances in which details are hard to come by, certain similarities have emerged,” McCoy breathes to create suspense like the best fiction writers. ” The first contact often occurs in remote, rural communities where a victim handles an infected animal carcass, and things quickly progress downward from there.”
Their own report quickly spirals downwards by attributing the current Ebola outbreak to deforestation while providing no evidence.
McCoy also hypes the notion that infected animals cause Ebola, again ignoring the CDC fact sheet, which admits that in cases when humans came into contact with infected monkeys in US quarantine facilities, humans did not get sick or die from Ebola.
Local people in West Africa appear to know without having to read the CDC Ebola fact sheet that hospitals and medical staff are spreading Ebola. The Telegraph reports people wielding knives surrounded a Red Cross vehicle in Guinea.
The involvement of hospitals would also explain why Ebola has appeared in this part of Africa for the first time ever and in so many different locations at almost the same time.
Given that the CDC itself admits that hospitals are, in fact, the likely source of any Ebola outbreak, the question arises which specific hospital could be the origin of the current Ebola outbreak?
At the epicentre of the current Ebola epidemic is the Kenema Government Hospital in Sierra Leone, which houses a US a biosecurity level 2 bioweapons research lab with links to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Soros Foundation.
US biodefense scientists have been working at the lab on viral fevers such as Ebola since 2011 at least.
http://www.nti.org/gsn/article/biodefense-scientists-fight-lassa-fever/
The partners and people leading the viral fever bioweapons lab inside Kenema Government Hospital read like a roll call of New World Order organizations.
“”The Consortium is a collaboration between Tulane, Scripps Research Institute, Broad Institute, Harvard University, University of California at San Diego, University of Texas Medical Branch, Autoimmune Technologies LLC, Corgenix Medical Corporation, Kenema Government Hospital (Sierra Leone), Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital (Nigeria) and various other partners in West Africa. …The Consortium intends to expand this program to include other important infectious agents such as Ebola, Marburg and other Arenaviruses that are of great concern to public health and bioterrorism,” states the bioweapons lab website.
http://vhfc.org/consortium
The website admits that Professor Robert F. Garry is ” currently managing the consortium of scientists who are developing modern diagnostics for several biodefense pathogens.”
http://vhfc.org/consortium/people/garry
Dr James E. Robinson ” is a collaborating investigator in four large consortia projects funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.”
http://vhfc.org/consortium/people/robinson
Dr Pardis Sabeti has received fellowships from the Rhodes Scholarship, the Soros Fellowship, L'Oréal For Women in Science Fellowship, according to the website.
http://vhfc.org/consortium/people/sabeti
Scientist Stephen Gire has links to the CDC and US military.
They “spent time at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researching vector-borne infectious diseases. They then moved on to complete a Masters of Public Health at Columbia University and a three-year fellowship with the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID). They have researched viruses such as West Nile, Dengue Fever, Monkeypox and Ebola, and they conduct on-site training in biological techniques to laboratory staff in the developing world.”
http://vhfc.org/consortium/people/gire
Connecting the dots, it is reasonable to ask for an investigation into whether this particular US bioweapons lab at the geographical epicentre of the current Ebola outbreak actually caused the Ebola outbreak.
In 2009, Baxter in Austria was caught contaminating 72 kilos of seasonal flu with the deadly bird flu virus in its biosecurity level 3 laboratory. It later emerged from documents posted on Wikileaks that Baxter was a US defense or military asset.
Facts and documents as well as current mainstream media hype point to plans for false flag Ebola bioterrorism attacks in hospitals and clinics against US and UK citizens using occasions like the Commonwealth Games in Scotland to spread panic.
The purpose is to implement martial law measures contained in epidemic and pandemic plans and so gain total control of the population at a time when the financial system is close to collapse.
Like this: Like Loading...
A Pawngo employee checking a watch to ensure its authenticity.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Squeezed by tight credit and tempted by record high gold prices, small business owners are finding an alternative to the bank: the pawn shop.
More than half of the customers at online pawn shop, Pawngo, are small business owners, said Todd Hills, CEO of the Denver-based company.
"These guys can't wait. They have businesses. They have employees they need to pay," said Hills, who launched Pawngo in June. "This is a great way to solve a short-term need."
Pawning is a relatively no muss, no fuss process, especially when compared to getting a bank loan. A customer brings in an item of value -- such as gold, jewelry, or electronics -- to a pawn shop and gets a loan based on the value of the object. Like a bank loan, the customer is charged interest. Once the loan is repaid, the pawnbroker returns the item to the customer. If the customer can't repay the loan, the pawnbroker keeps the object, with the aim of selling it to recover the loan amount.
With pawning, there are no applications, credit checks or dings to the credit report if the customer defaults on the loan. "You can still bring your stack of papers into the bank, it doesn't guarantee you will get a loan," said Hills.
While individual consumers may walk into a pawn shop with a couple hundred dollars worth of jewelry looking for cash to fill up the gas tank or the refrigerator, small business owners tend to come in with more expensive items, said Ray Shaffman, a salesperson at Gables Pawn and Jewelry in Miami.
Gables Pawn and Jewelry has seen customers come in with watches made by Rolex, Cartier and Patek Philippe. It pays between $5,000 and $10,000 each for them, said Shaffman.
"To make payroll is the number one reason" small business owners come to the shop, said Shaffman. "They don't have enough flow, enough cash, to pay their employees. And they got to pay their employees. Otherwise, they have much more complicated problems."
Shaffman noticed a surge in the number of customers pawning their gold about a year and a half to two years ago. They said that about 70% of clients pawn their gold because they need money; while the remaining 30% are lured by the high price of gold.
There are about 10,000 pawn shops across the country. The combination of tight credit, high gold prices and increased awareness about the industry has attracted more middle-class patrons, affluent customers and small business owners. "The pawn industry is really having a renaissance of sorts in the past two years," said Emmett Murphy, spokesperson for the National Pawnbrokers Association.
No other options: Some business owners turn to pawning their valuables because they have no other option.
"We have lost a trillion in credit card lines. We have lost a trillion in home equity lines. And those are -- or were -- the two primary sources of financing," said Bob Coleman, editor of the small business lending industry publication, "Coleman Report." "There are different things that are filling that void until banks ramp up."
Fabian Videla, the owner of Slim Protein in Jacksonville, Fla., went to Pawngo after they ran out of savings and when a bank would not lend to him.
"By the time that I contacted them, I was kind of running out of options and that was a good one," said Videla, whose company sells a weight-loss program.
Videla pawned two diamond rings -- their wife's engagement ring and a ring of theirs that was a gift from their wife -- for $7,000. The loan had a monthly interest rate of 6% for three months, or $420 per month. "The loans from Pawngo are not cheap, but the cost of doing nothing, and waiting for something to fall in your lap, it might cost you your business," said Videla. They intend to repay the loan and get the diamond rings back.
If a small business owner is in a bind, pawning valuables can be a legitimate option, said Coleman. "It is certainly not a recipe for long-term success," because the loans are too expensive.
It's also better than using credit cards to finance your business. That option can put an entrepreneur further into debt. With pawning, "the worst case scenario is you lose your assets," said Coleman.
The high price of gold: While some small business owners are turning to pawn shops to keep their business afloat, others are going to them to take advantage of surging gold prices.
David Scantling, president and CEO of the angel investing firm Scantling Technology Ventures, in Akron, Ohio, watched the price of gold climb to record highs and realized that their gold stash could be turned into a considerable sum of cash that they could invest into theirs business.
Scantling's first thought was to sell their gold. But decided against it, because they didn't want to lose it and pay a huge capital gains tax.
"I would rather just keep my items and take a loan against it," said Scantling. "It was an attractive way to get cash out of those assets without having to sell them at this particular time."
They shipped a combination of gold coins and jewelry to Pawngo on a Friday, and by Tuesday morning, they had a loan of slightly less than $20,000 in their bank account. They have to pay a monthly interest rate of 5%.
Scantling said they don't mind the hefty charge. The convenience of the transaction and the fact that they will not have to pay a capital gains tax makes it worthwhile.
"My sense is that my capital gains tax would be higher than the interest that I would pay for a 30-, 60-day loan," they said.
Hulu's adaptation of Stephen King's 11.22.63 wrapped up earlier this month, but the ridiculously prolific author already has a plan for where the story could go next—even if they don't really plan on writing it. The original novel is about a guy in the present day named Jake Epping who finds a time portal in the back of a diner and uses it to prevent the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Unfortunately, things don't really work out how they expect them to, requiring multiple trips back and forth to try and right some wrongs, and along the way they fall in love with a woman named Sadie.
In a recent Facebook Q&A (via IndieWire), a fan asked King if they had any plans to write a spinoff, to which King responded that he'd “love to revisit Jake and Sadie.” They also said that a hypothetical sequel would probably be about “Jake trying to stop unscrupulous people” from using the time portal, rather than having the guy go on another historical adventure. However, King also noted that “sometimes it's best not to go back for a second helping,” which kind of seems like it's the point of the book, so the odds of them writing an 11.22.63 sequel don't seem very good at this point. Of course, they even wrote a sequel to The Shining eventually, so it's not totally impossible.
BETRAYAL: Huma Abedin Turns On Hillary Clinton – Negotiating With The FBI [VIDEO]
Huma Abedin, Clinton aide and estranged wife of Anthony Weiner, a disgraced Congressman caught sexting a minor, is in discussions with the Justice Department and the FBI for full access to the over 650,000 emails on the laptop they and their husband shared. Anthony Weiner is also cooperating with the FBI.
It is believed that some of the emails found are directly connected to Hillary Clinton and the investigation into their use of a private email server during their time as Secretary of State. Many of these emails on Abedin's laptop were run through Hillary's server. As well, among the 650,000, it is thought that a number of them will be emails erased from Clinton's server prior to it being confiscated by the FBI.
As of today, the FBI has, in fact, obtained the necessary warrants to look at the emails on this Weiner/Abedin computer. Apparently these emails were discovered weeks ago and this week's developments are the result of an ongoing investigation. This situation is beyond serious, since state.gov emails have been found on Weiner's laptop. That represents a potentially huge security breach.
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
Hillary Clinton is in a very serious situation, one which may see them in jail when it is all over. This nation does not need a sitting President who is under investigation. Abedin's loyalty understandably does not extend to taking the heat for Clinton's illegalities. And it appears that Clinton may yet go down due to all these allegations and investigations. It is time this nation said no to the Clinton dynasty. We do not need a criminal at the helm of this nation. See video below:
You Might Like
American political activist the Rev. Jesse Jackson on Wednesday launched a new campaign aimed at drawing awareness to the lack of racial diversity in the executive ranks of top-tier Silicon Valley firms, including Apple.
"Technology is supposed to be about inclusion, but sadly, patterns of exclusion remains the order of the day," Jackson wrote in a letter issued under the Rainbow PUSH Coalition banner. "When it comes to African Americans on Board - ZERO. C-suites, ZERO. Minority firms in IPO's and financial transactions, advertising and professional services - ZERO. These ZEROES are contrary to the enlightened values exposed by the industry. Rainbow PUSH is seeking meetings with tech leaders to address these ZEROES head on."In addition to Apple, the coalition distributed copies of the letter to Twitter, Facebook, Hewlett Packard, Google and "other iconic Silicon Valley technology companies." It is not the first time Apple has come under fire for the relative lack of diversity in its executive ranks, which features few women or minorities.Former Avon CEO Andrea Jung is the lone female member of the company's board, while communications vice president Katie Cotton and human resources head Denise Young-Smith —an African-American —are the only women known to report directly to CEO Tim Cook. Incoming retail chief Angela Ahrendts, now the CEO of fashion house Burberry, will be the first woman on Apple's senior leadership team when they join later this spring.In January, following pressure from shareholders, Apple directors altered the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance committee to include language codifying a commitment to diversifying the makeup of the board."The Committee is committed to actively seeking out highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool from which Board nominees are chosen," the bylaws now read.
Diouf has hit 26 Bundesliga goals for Hannover.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes is set to make Hannover's Senegal striker Mame Biram Diouf their second signing of the summer, according to PA Sport.
- Whittaker: Stoke season review
Former Manchester United player Diouf, 26, whose contract with the German club is nearing an end, has been at the Potters' training ground for talks with Hughes and chief executive Tony Scholes.
On Thursday, Stoke -- who finished ninth in the Premier League last season -- announced the signing of Sunderland defender Phil Bardsley, who will join on a three-year deal when their Black Cats contract expires on July 1.
Diouf, who was wanted by Stoke last summer and would also arrive on a free, has scored 26 Bundesliga goals for Hannover since joining them from United in January 2012.
By Eric Baxter
BIGOTS have been condemned over a fresh taunt in Port Glasgow towards victims of the Ibrox Disaster.
A banner bearing a twisted slogan was draped over the bridge across the A8 dual carriageway through the town near Woodhall on Saturday, when Rangers hosted Celtic at Ibrox.
It read: ‘Colin Stein killing machine', referring to the Rangers player who scored an equaliser at the end of the ill-fated January 1971 Old Firm match at Ibrox, reports the Greenock Telegraph.
There was a crush among the crowd on an exit stairway at the game, which led to 66 deaths and more than 200 injuries as supporters left the stadium.
An Inverclyde man who was outraged at the banner described the person who created it as ‘very warped'.
They said: “The families of the 66 are very much alive, as is Colin Stein.
“He and their family do not need this, as the disaster happened after the match and it was established by the inquiry that their goal played no part in what happened that terrible day.”
The person, who did not want to be named, added: “The banner mocking Colin Stein makes you wonder if bigots in Port Glasgow have a fixation on the Ibrox Disaster, following other vile instances last year.
“Will these people in Port Glasgow let the 66 rest, 46 years after the worst day in Scottish football history?
“Let them rest in peace and stop the bigotry.”
Hate-filled messages targeting fans who died in the tragedy were daubed three times last year on buildings in Port Glasgow.
Abusive taunts like ‘66 deed Ha Ha Ha' were painted twice at the town's Orange Halls, following ‘Die Hunz 66' being daubed at the former Playtex factory.
Anyone with information about any of the incidents can call police officers on 101 or ring Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Image copyright PA Image caption Average house prices rose by 8.5% in 2014, according to the mortgage lender Halifax.
UK house prices rose by an average of £16,000 - or 8.5% - in 2014, according to the mortgage lender Halifax.
The research, based on data from its own lending, suggests prices in Greenwich in south east London surged by almost 25%.
Policymakers have warned of the dangers of a housing bubble developing.
The government insists the Bank of England has the tools it needs to prevent such a problem.
The Halifax says the average UK home now costs £209,428, although data from other lenders and official sources differ.
It says nine out of the 10 areas with the biggest rises this year are in London.
The only place in the top ten not in the capital is Crawley, West Sussex.
'Improvements in the economy'
Outside southern England, property values in Sheffield underwent the biggest uplift, with a 13.7% rise.
Craig McKinlay, mortgage director at Halifax, said: "Continuing improvements in the economy, rising employment and low mortgage rates will no doubt have supported housing demand and, combined with a shortage of homes coming on to the market, will have contributed to rising property values."
At the other end of the table are towns and cities in the north of England, the West Midlands, Wales and Scotland.
Property prices in Bury, Greater Manchester, fell by 4.8%.
Area Annual increase Top Greenwich 24.6% Ealing 24.5% Crawley 22.4% Tower Hamlets 22.0% Kingston upon Thames 21.4% Bottom Bury -4.8% Keighley -4.4% Nuneaton -3.2% Newport, Gwent -2.9% Stoke on Trent -2.6%
"Several of the towns experiencing price falls in the past year are still suffering from relatively weak employment conditions, which may have had an adverse impact on their local housing markets," said Mr McKinlay.
Recently the Business Secretary Vince Cable warned of house prices "getting out of control".
The Bank of England governor Mark Carney told MPs in September that "we do need to be vigilant" on house prices.
Chancellor George Osborne has previously said the Bank of England has the powers to prevent a boom and bust in the housing market.
Data suggests increases in property prices have been slowing down over recent months.
Last week the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors predicted property prices across the UK would rise by an average of three per cent in 2015 with no growth in London.
One of the more interesting aspects of my career has been my experience working with environmentalists on beef sustainability issues. That has provided me an under-the-hood look at how the environmental community operates, and more specifically, what and how they think about the beef industry.
After a career path that took me on a tour of the beef industry by working in jobs that gave me experience in nearly every aspect of beef production—I've done everything from cowboying, to managing a university beef research farm, to working for one of the world's largest beef processors, to working at CattleFax, and serving as a director for what was at the time the largest natural and organic beef company—my career took an unexpected turn when I joined World Wildlife as the director of livestock, where I was responsible to work across the environmental and beef industry to collaboratively find ways to increase the sustainability of beef production.
This job took me around the world as I worked with stakeholders across the beef value chain to find ways to build collaboration, and find ways to work together to contribute to a more environmentally friendly, socially responsible and financially viable beef industry. It was interesting to see firsthand how beef is produced not only in the U.S. where I know the industry inside out, but also to learn how beef is produced in places like Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Argentina, Africa, and Europe.
Although every beef production system is different, and has its own unique challenges, it is amazing how similar many aspects of production are across continents and in places halfway around the world. For example, I've been on beef farms in Germany, which if you didn't know any better, you'd think were in the Midwest of the United States. I've also been on ranches in Brazil that are dealing with very similar issues that I've seen on ranches in Florida.
It was also fascinating to talk to farmers in the UK and Holland about issues and the use of technology in their confinement systems that feedlots here in the U.S. are also working on. This is especially interesting because Europe has been a particularly outspoken critic of the U.S. beef production system that relies on feedlots.
The truth is the Europe beef production system depends every bit as much on a confinement system to produce its beef as the U.S. does. It's simply at a different scale, since they don't have 10,000 head feedlots in Europe. They instead have a system in which nearly every farm confines all its cattle for a portion of the year during the winter in order to more efficiently feed harvested feedstuffs.
One particularly interesting aspect of my experience working in the area of beef sustainability has been my engagement with environmental organizations. When attending a multi-stakeholder beef sustainability event, it's easy to tell who the environmentalists are and who the beef producers are.
Environmentalists usually fall into one of two categories; either they're wearing cowboy boots that look like they've just been pulled out of the back of their closet for the first time in a long time, which means the boots are neither fit for a day of work on the ranch or to be worn to church, or the environmentalist are dressed like they're ready for an African safari.
However, there is starting to be a newer, third type of environmentalist, which is an interesting category. These are the environmentalists who have a true understanding of the beef industry, either because they came from the beef industry or because they've spent significant time working with the industry. They deeply understand the issues and why the industry does certain things a certain way. More importantly, they know where and why changes can and should be made. They're also the ones the beef industry can, are, and should work with.
Sustainability has become a buzzword in the beef industry, and although the attention on the issue of sustainability is good, it has left many in the industry either wondering what to make of the attention on sustainability and what it all means, or they're left confused about who to trust and who they should work with to become more sustainable.
My experience indicates there will be many more programs and processes will be developed in the name of beef sustainability. And marketing plans in particular will be developed to take advantage of the increased focus on sustainability.
My advice to the beef producer trying to find their way on the issue of sustainability is that if a program, process, marketing plan, environmental group or anyone or anything else comes along wanting to work with you on sustainability, and they don't have a balanced “triple bottom-line” approach, meaning as much emphasis is given to the day-in and day-out ranch level financial viability as is given to environmental issues, or to the contribution of ranching families and ranching communities to society, then those programs won't last and precious resources should be spent elsewhere.
Bottom line: a focus on ranching for profit, which concentrates on grazing management and sound business practices, is a key place for a ranching operation to spend valuable time and resources. Once those two areas (grazing and business management) are properly addressed, a level of wisdom will be achieved that will allow a producer to properly and thoroughly assess other sustainability opportunities.
But until a ranching operation has developed a strong foundation of grazing and financial management, it won't be in a position to adequately take advantage of sustainability opportunities.
Bryan Weech is a consultant and adviser on sustainable agricultural projects. Contact them at bryanweech@gmail.com.
(Fully) Document your DataMapper models with YARD
Any release quality software has to provide documentation, for the future maintainers and other developers. Traditionally, Ruby projects would use RDoc and add custom documentation blurbs to their classes, methods, attributes and constants. Unfortunately, there's a major limitation to RDoc, I can't be extended to recognize new meta-programming method calls.
This rigidness of RDoc really shows up when you need to document ORM backed projects, such as one containing DataMapper models. DataMapper allows one to define the properties and relations between models using handy class-methods:
class MyModel include DataMapper::Resource # The primary key of the model property :id, Serial # The name of the model property :name, String # The many authors contributing to the model has n, :authors # The user that owns the model belongs_to :user end
RDoc will not recognize property, has or belongs_to . Nor will RDoc know that property adds a class-method and instance reader/writer methods with the given name to the model. Documentation fail.
Enter YARD
YARD is a documentation generation tool for the Ruby programming language. It enables the user to generate consistent, usable documentation that can be exported to a number of formats very easily, and also supports extending for custom Ruby constructs such as custom class level definitions.
http://github.com/lsegal/yard
YARD organizes most of it's parsing logic into multiple handlers; essentially classes that inherit YARD::Handlers::Ruby::Base and define a process method. YARD also supports a plugin system, by loading any RubyGems installed on the system that are prefixed with yard- or yard_ . Using these two features of YARD, one can easily create a YARD plugin gem containing custom handlers, which YARD can automatically load and use.
yard-dm
yard-dm is a YARD plugin for parsing DataMapper model syntax. The plugin can handle the following statements:
property :name, Type
has n, :things
has 1, :thing
has 0..n, :things
has 1..n, :things
has 2..5, :things
belongs_to :stuff
Install It
$ sudo gem install yard-dm
Use It
$ cd dm-project/ $ yardoc
It's that easy.
Next time you need complete documentation on your DataMapper backed project, just install YARD and yard-dm.
Advertisements
England star Raheem Sterling has indicated they would prefer to go abroad if they left Manchester City rather than join Arsenal, who tried to sign them in the summer.
Sterling, who is settled at the Etihad and has two-and-a-half years left on their contract, was wanted by manager Arsene Wenger as part of a deal to take Alexis Sanchez to City.
City boss Pep Guardiola rebuffed the idea and Sterling, who turned 23 on Friday, has been in scintillating form with a career-high 13 goals already this season ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby against United at Old Trafford.
Raheem Sterling has revealed that they intend to move abroad if they leaf Manchester City
The in-form England star explained: 'Spain's attractive. Anywhere the weather is nice really!'
Contract talks between Sterling and City are expected to start after the World Cup next summer but, looking further ahead, the winger says they would like to go overseas instead of returning to London, where they started their career at QPR.
'I'm happy at Man City at the moment,' they say. 'But nobody knows what the future brings so one day, definitely, it would be nice to play abroad. It would be a great experience.
'Spain's attractive. Anywhere the weather is nice really! Can't be in London. I can't be near my friends. They got to stay down there.'
Sterling has thrived at City under Guardiola despite the £43million arrival of Bernardo Silva putting pressure on them and Leroy Sané for a starting place.
Last month, Sterling scored the winners in consecutive games against Feyenoord, Huddersfield and Southampton.
'Bernardo Silva came in and that competition, stuff like that spurs me into trying to do well, to get better,' they said.
Arsenal tried to sign Sterling this summer but the 23-year-old has ruled out a return to London
I went for Sanders in the primaries, even gave several hundred dollars to their campaign. But there's no way I'll pull the lever for Clinton, because I know what a Clinton presidency bodes. More of the same neoliberal plundering with a friendly Democratic smile to quiet the left.
It happened under Obama: the warfare state and Wall Street reigning supreme while we all sing kumbaya because a black man has stamped their imprimatur on an intolerable status quo. It will happen again under Hillary.
What's needed now in American politics is consternation, confusion, dissension, disorder, chaos — and crisis, with possible resolution — and a Trump presidency is the best chance for this true progress. This is a politics of arson. I'd rather see the empire burn to the ground under Trump, opening up at least the possibility of radical change, than cruise on autopilot under Clinton.
I'm not alone here. Travelling across the country, I keep meeting people who voted for Sanders in the primaries but mutter under cover of night and a few drinks that they'll vote for Trump in November.
When you write down the laws of physics mathematically, you can describe all of them using functions with basic properties. As such, a neural network doesn't need to understand every possible function (like a conventional computer would) to generate an answer -- it just needs to know some fundamentals. The network can use each of its layers to approximate each step toward the solution, reaching a conclusion faster than a conventional computer when the solution involves a hierarchical structure (such as when you're mapping cosmic radiation).
The insights could lead to better-designed artificial intelligence systems that do a better job of exploiting their inherent advantage. Moreover, it could help you understand your own mind. Many neural networks are patterned after the human brain, which suggests that brains are ideally structured for understanding the world around them.
Around 100 people braved the frigid 23-degree temperature in Harrisonburg, Virginia, to attend a COS presentation at James Madison University Tuesday night. After a warm welcome by a representative of the JMU College Republicans and the local Republican Unit Chair, the crowd tuned in for a tag-team presentation given by myself and Bob Bailie, the Co-Founder of COS Virginia's ally, The Middle Resolution.
It was the same presentation we have given, with great success, in other parts of the Commonwealth, and it goes something like this:
Mr. Bailie presents clear facts and statistics about where we are, as a nation, and where we are headed if we don't do something decisive to change our course. The numbers speak for themselves, and they are enough to make the average, reasonable person weep. Mountains of debt that continue to escalate. Failed social welfare programs expanding. Government intrusion into every area of our lives—from what kind of cars we drive, to what kind of light bulbs we use, to what kind of health insurance we carry.
After the audience is shown the bleak picture of our current reality, I have the privilege of giving the message of hope that is sweeping America: the Constitution we know and love offers the solution to federal tyranny, and it is found in Article V's Convention of States process. We can and must urge our state legislatures to take back what the federal government has stolen from us—our money, our liberty, and our dignity.
At the beginning of the program, Mr. Bailie asked how many attendees would be concerned about calling for an Article V Convention today. A few hands went up (as is usually the case). But at the end of the program, after questions had been answered, myths dispelled, and procedures explained, they asked again. Not a hand went up. The only question that remained was, “How can we help make it happen?”
If that is your question, please sign our online petition (which goes directly to your state legislators) and sign up as a volunteer to connect with your state leaders. Let's do this.
NICOSIA, Cyprus — As the meandering streets tighten between the bastions of Old Nicosia's crumbling Venetian walls, the alleyways of Cyprus's ancient capital reveal a jumble of half-forgotten histories.
There, hidden away against the barricades and barbed wire of the United Nations-patrolled buffer zone — the ceasefire line that has divided the city between a Greek Cypriot south and a Turkish Cypriot north since the early 1960s — shuttered Ottoman mansions stand creaking next to classical Greek gymnasiums.
Farther on, the empty offices of a vanished British colonial administrator vie with the tattered opulence of a deserted Armenian merchant's house. And nearby, the tomb of a revered old dervish lies overgrown in the shadows of a Turkish mosque and a Lebanese Maronite church.
In its dusty corners, Nicosia Old Town reflects all of the empires, peoples, religions and cultures that have left their mark on Cyprus over the past few thousand years. Yet despite its historic importance, because of years of ethnic conflict and underinvestment, the Old Town has also been one of the most neglected neighborhoods on this Eastern Mediterranean island.
After my last post about the importance of Tournament Directors I thought the best idea would be to get a TD's perspective on the future of disc golf and the TD's role. I contacted Christopher “Barley” Kirby #17683, the tournament director for the Treebash and the head of the Flagstaff Disc Golf Club. They were the TD for the first tournament I ever played and their club played a large part in my coming to love disc golf. Barley recently sat down for a Q-and-A, and here are some highlights.
What was the first event you ran?
I ran a couple of small tournaments in '98-'99 at Morningside Park in Knoxville, TN just before I moved to Arizona. They were small one-day, two-round events with something like 20-30 players.
Why did you decide to start running PDGA events?
I took over TD'ing the Treebash in the early 2000's from Chris Gibbs. We felt that this event should be PDGA sanctioned due to the popularity and the quality of players it was attracting, so the event has been sanctioned for over a decade.
Why run a PDGA event rather than a non-sanctioned event?
I feel like the PDGA has done great things for the sport over the years, so running a sanctioned event has a certain prestige. It's also nice for the players to get points and have recognition on the PDGA site.
What is the most difficult part of planning an event?
I would say the overall organization of the event and then prioritizing each task. I sometimes have a hard time delegating too. I give painstaking attention to providing accurate information on my website and in the event guide. The course maps, vicinity maps, schedule, rules, sponsor locations, etc are all accurately presented. This can be tedious and time-consuming but it makes a big difference in the quality of the event.
What is the most difficult part of executing an event?
Making sure that there are no big mistakes, like forgetting something important. For example, not announcing a mando or ob area. Also, making sure that there are no conflicts with park users and players. It's sometimes difficult to make sure all the tasks are getting taken care of. I don't play in the Treebash anymore so that I can make sure everything is running smoothly.
How much time does it take to organize an event?
I usually start planning the Treebash about 4 months prior. The 2 months leading up to the event can be quite busy. During the two weeks before the event, it is pretty much a full-time job.
How much does it cost to run an event?
It's surprising how much it can cost. Some of the major costs are park fees to reserve the courses, the portable restroom bill, printing costs, course equipment, bills for prizes, merchandise for volunteers, insurance, sanctioning fees, etc. Our total cost to run the Treebash is in the thousands. We have, however, made a great attempt to reduce costs through sponsorship donations. For example, this year almost all of our printing was donated by a local advertising business in exchange for sponsorship privileges.
What is the difference, from a TD's perspective, of the different tiers of events?
I have run A, B and C-Tier events, as well as assisted with both the am and pro worlds here in Flagstaff. As the tier level gets higher, the payouts are better, events are longer and more attention to detail is given.
What is the first thing a new TD should do when interested in running an event?
Try to get help from someone who has some experience. Buy them lunch and pick their brain. Make extensive lists of everything you can think of.
Do you earn money when you run an event?
Typically, I give myself some merchandise from the event and let the event pay for some of my expenses associated with it, such as food and gas. This year, I allowed myself to take some discs, a backpack that I desperately needed, and a shirt. I feel like this is acceptable since our total event value this year was around $20,000.
What role does a local club play in planning and executing an event?
We have an adopt-a-hole program where club members pick a hole or two and beautify it with some landscaping and love. Our courses looked better than ever this year thanks to a great volunteer effort. I have a volunteer party the Thursday before the event where I buy pizza and we all put together players packages, work on signage, namecards, ctps, etc. During the event, our club members help out by moving baskets, installing signage and ctps, checking players in, scoring and more. Since we had two fields of players this year, a core group of club members ran the am field while I was at the pro course.
Do you have any personal rules or guidelines for your events?
We always have the two-meter rule in effect. I had a special drop-zone rule on a menacing hole for safety and speed of play. Since our Treebash ctps are worth hundreds in merchandise, I have a rule that aces don't count for ctp. The ace pool is always in the hundreds, so I like to spread out the prizes.
How long do you plan to run events?
Good question. I'm honestly not sure. Every year, I tell myself that this is the last time I'm doing this! It can truly be an exhausting undertaking, but the reward of seeing the players having a great time and loving the courses and prizes is enough to keep me coming back.
What will you do once you are done running events?
Hopefully play in other events and relax for a change.
What is the most important thing you can do to improve community relations?
Talk to people around town and at the courses. Educate people about the sport and show them how much fun it can be. I also try to drum up as much local sponsorship as possible and make sure the businesses get the recognition they deserve.
What do you think the future of PDGA events will be?
It's hard to say, but there sure are a lot of events these days! I would imagine that this won't change and we will see some larger events and some more unique formats. The video coverage is getting a lot better, so I can see this trend developing.
What role do you think TDs play in shaping the future of Disc Golf?
Setting a good example as ambassadors for the sport by thriving to be a great host. Also, simultaneously developing the courses for recreational, amateur and professional players is an important goal for the sport.
If you could change one thing about Disc Golf what would it be?
Developing targets that catch a little better.
If you could change one thing about Disc Golf Tournaments what would it be?
Get rid of the trophy-only style for ams. It's a lot of work, but paying out ams is big on my list. I also really mix up the type of merchandise that is awarded, especially at the Treebash. Besides disc golf related prizes, we also give out backpacks, water bottles, shoe coupons, sunglasses, snowshoes, hot sauce, and more!
I have written about the no amateur pay out in the past. I like the direction we are going but would love to provide the other end of the argument. Would you elaborate on what you believe the value of pay outs for ams to be?
I was an avid bmx racer in the early to mid 80's. I moved through the ranks from beginner, intermediate & finally expert. These were all amateur divisions but we only won trophies for prizes. There were number plates given out at the end of the season according to the points standings.
These were cool but all I ended up with is a bunch of trophies (and great memories of course). It would have been more memorable if I got 3rd & won a new pair of grips or pads for example.
The tracks we raced on had a lot more maintenance costs than a disc golf course and there were always raffles for those cool prizes so I understand. This being said, I think someone could have been creative & added merchandise or vouchers to the top finishers.
What is the greatest thing about being a Tournament Director for the PDGA?
I like the organized structure of the event guidelines and having sensible rules in place. When it comes down to it though, it's really all about the players. Whether a tournament is sanctioned or not, I want to provide a great experience for all of them. This includes providing a fair and challenging course design, providing lots of amenities, and making sure they have a great time on and off the course.
Thanks Barley. I think Barley's perspective will help lots of golfers better understand how vast an undertaking running a professional disc golf tournament can be. I think it is clear that there is a lot more involved with being a TD than most of us realize.
It is also clear to me that Barley has the right idea. They ensure that their event is run professionally, its organizers are good role models for the community and ambassadors for the sport of disc golf. TDs have to generate the greatest possible value for its competitors, its organizers, its sponsors, the community, and the PDGA.
All that value takes work. TDs aren't really compensated other than the joy they take from creating a fun and challenging experience. Use your power as a consumer to support the good TDs in your area. Support your TD and make sure you express your appreciation.
On Barley's behalf I wanted to thank all the people that helped make the Treebash happen:
The Senate Armed Services Committee plans to have an open hearing next week on the nude-photo-sharing scandal rocking the Marine Corps with testimony from the commandant of the service.
The committee will hear from Gen. Robert Neller at 10 a.m. Tuesday followed by a closed-door briefing, the committee announced Thursday.
The War Horse, a nonprofit military news organization, reported over the weekend that the Naval Criminal Investigative Service is investigating hundreds of Marines accused of sharing photos of nude female Marines and veterans, as well as their personal information, in a private Facebook group. The Facebook group, called "Marines United," had nearly 30,000 followers.
Some photos were allegedly taken and posted without the women's knowledge or were meant to remain private. Comments on the page reportedly included rape threats.
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition to outrage over the photo sharing, some lawmakers have criticized the Marines for not responding to the scandal forcefully enough.
Rep. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) said Wednesday that “heads should roll” over the scandal.
Late Wednesday, Senate Armed Services Committee member Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (D-N.Y.) sent a letter to the leaders of the committee asking for a hearing on the issue.
“This unacceptable behavior spotlights a culture of disrespect for female service members that undermines good order and discipline in the military and weakens military readiness,” they wrote in the letter to Sens. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) and Jack Reed John (Jack) Francis ReedPapering over climate change impacts is indefensible Why Democrats are pushing for a new nuclear policy GOP chairperson: US military may have to intervene in Venezuela if Russia does MORE (D-R.I.).
The sergeant major of the Marines said Wednesday the service has been careful about how it responds publicly to avoid the appearance of unlawful command influence, citing a judge's rebuke of a former commandant on the issue.
Neller's appearance in the Senate is set to come before a previously announced closed briefing to the House Armed Services Committee later next week.
NORTHBROOK, Ill., Jan. 27, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Virgos, known to be critical, meticulous and reserved, are also more likely to get into a car accident, according to Allstate Insurance, which recently compared claims data against the recently "revised" zodiac calendar.
Over the past year, Virgos were nearly 700 percent more likely to be in a car accident when compared to the determined and aware Scorpio, the best drivers in the study. Perhaps a Virgo's shy, perfectionist nature leads to overly cautious and timid driving habits. By contrast, Scorpios were only involved in 1.5 percent of all accidents in 2010.
The "new" sign, Ophiuchus, faired well in the study as the second-safest drivers on the road. While the jury is still out on the exact characteristics of an Ophiuchus, most astrologers seem to indicate individuals born under this sign will be a bit luckier than the rest.
But, can an astrological sign really influence driving habits?
Generally, the signs with the fewest number of reported accidents were those associated with traits like "compassion," "graciousness" and "resourcefulness" where those with more accidents tended to be more "uncompromising," "arrogant" and "impatient."
Below is a breakdown by Zodiac sign of the best and worst drivers on the road.
Sign Birthdates Key personality traits Number of drivers involved in accidents in 2010 Scorpio November 23 - November 28 Passionate, resourceful 26,833 Ophiuchus November 29 - December 17 Wise, ambitious, lucky 83,234 Cancer July 21 - August 9 Compassion, sensitivity 101,539 Aquarius February 16 - March 11 Progressive, independent 106,878 Libra October 31 - November 22 Cooperative, gracious 110,592 Aries April 17 - May 13 Impatience, determination 112,402 Capricorn January 18 - February 15 Responsible, disciplined 128,005 Gemini June 20 - July 20 Short attention span, nervous 136,904 Sagittarius December 18 - January 17 Impatient, idealistic 154,477 Pisces March 12 - April 16 Fearful, overly trusting 172,030 Taurus May 14 - June 19 Uncompromising, possessive 177,503 Leo August 10 - September 15 Arrogance, inflexibility 179,657 Virgo September 16 - October 30 Worry, shyness 211,650
What do you think your sign says about your driving? Comment at www.facebook.com/allstate.
The Allstate Corporation (NYSE: ALL) is the nation's largest publicly held personal lines insurer. Widely known through the "You're In Good Hands With Allstate®" slogan, Allstate is reinventing protection and retirement to help more than 17 million households insure what they have today and better prepare for tomorrow. Consumers access Allstate insurance products (auto, home, life and retirement) and services through Allstate agencies, independent agencies, and Allstate exclusive financial representatives in the U.S. and Canada, as well as via www.allstate.com and 1-800 Allstate®.
www.allstatenewsroom.com
www.twitter.com/allstatenews
SOURCE The Allstate Corporation
FILE-In this June 13, 2012, file photo, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, head of the largest bank in the United States, testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, before the Senate Banking Committee about how their company recently lost more than $2 billion on risky trades. Morgan Stanley, the storied investment bank, reported Thursday, July 19, 2012, that its revenue was down sharply for April through June and its profit missed Wall Street expectations. The report capped a dismal season for the banking industry. This spring was marked by choppy financial markets, concern across the global economy, awkward adjustments to new regulations and one scandal after another. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File )
Pretty much everybody in the world with subpoena power has hit JPMorgan Chase with requests for information in the Libor-rigging scandal.
The biggest U.S. bank revealed the extent of its involvement in the probe in a filing Thursday morning with the Securities and Exchange Commission, saying regulators in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Switzerland and more had asked it for information:
JPMorgan Chase has received subpoenas and requests for documents and, in some cases, interviews, from the DOJ, CFTC, SEC, European Commission, UK Financial Services Authority, Canadian Competition Bureau, Swiss Competition Commission and other regulatory authorities and banking associations around the world.
That's a whole lot of subpoenas. For the uninitiated, "DOJ, CFTC, SEC" refer to the Justice Department, Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Securities and Exchange Commission. "Libor" stands for "London Interbank Offered Rate," a short-term interest rate that affects borrowing costs for homeowners, companies and borrowers throughout the world, along with about $350 trillion in credit derivatives. Despite its importance, the rate has apparently been manipulated constantly for years, in what may be the biggest financial scandal of all time.
JPMorgan -- which said it was cooperating with the investigations -- has also received requests for information about its involvement in setting Euribor and Tibor, the European and Japanese versions of Libor, respectively.
The bank made a similar disclosure in its previous quarterly filing in May.
JPMorgan has been identified as one of 16 banks in the U.S., the U.K. and Europe under investigation for manipulating Libor. Barclays has already agreed to pay $450 million in fines in the case, admitting its traders pushed Libor higher and lower to either gain advantage in derivatives trades or make the bank look healthier. Other banks will likely soon follow, and regulators are building criminal cases against individual traders and maybe banks, too.
Previously, Bank of America and Citigroup have said that they, too, have gotten subpoenas in the Libor case, though they mentioned fewer regulatory agencies than JPMorgan did.
I love it when an application is unobtrusive and functional. You don't get many of these from Apple's App Store because they have such strict rules for developers. There must be an icon added to the home screen and there are certain parts of iOS the app cannot access.
This is a big reason why my iDevices are jailbroken and why I like Cydia so much. It's basically a hot bed for innovation as developers have far fewer limitations when submitting apps to the Cydia Store. FlipOver is a perfect example of that innovation…
FlipOver allows you to set your iDevice to lock or mute when it is turned face down. This is extremely handy if you have an iPhone sitting in front of you at a meeting. As soon as it begins to ring, turning it over on its face will immediately silence the ringer and help you avoid embarrassment.
The set up is very easy. You just need to open up Cydia, and navigate to search. Type in “FlipOver” and and proceed to download. Once installed, there won't be an icon on your home screen. Just navigate to Settings and scroll down to the FlipOver tab.
As you can see, the tweak is very limited in features, but it performs as advertised. You can turn the lock and mute functions on or off and adjust the sensitivity and refresh rates. (This changes how flat the device has to be before it mutes or locks itself.)
The application isn't free; downloading FlipOver will run you $0.99. As always, you must be using a jailbroken device to access Cydia, and must have a Cydia Store account to purchase applications.
Has anyone tried this app out yet? Tell us below!
If it's autumn, it must be time for Airbnb ad wars in San Francisco.
Share Better SF, a coalition of housing activists, landlords, a hotel union and a hotel trade group opposed to vacation rentals in private homes, is launching a bus-shelter ad campaign on Thursday taking aim at Airbnb for suing its hometown and for not abiding by local laws.
“Dear Airbnb,” reads one of the Share Better ads. “You told us not to spend your tax payments ‘all in one place' but now you're making us spend taxpayers money on defending your frivolous lawsuit? Love, San Franciscans.”
Airbnb, a startup now valued at $30 billion, filed suit in federal court to block enforcement of an updated ordinance that would make it liable for heavy fines and criminal penalties for arranging short-term rentals in homes that have ignored the city's registration requirement. The case will be heard in early October.
The Share Better ads are modeled after Airbnb's “Dear San Francisco” Muni ad campaign last year that drew widespread scorn for its snarky tone of patting itself on the back for remitting taxes.
“We're trying to encourage Airbnb to be a good citizen,” said Janan New, executive director of the San Francisco Apartment Association, which represents landlords. “We want to make sure that the public is aware of the ongoing issues. We did our part in negotiating legislation and attempting to uphold the law, and we're asking that Airbnb do the same.”
Airbnb launched its own San Francisco ad campaign on Wednesday. The company plans to spend close to $1 million on a blizzard of spots on radio and TV that profile hosts and the ways the service benefits them. Share Better's budget is a modest $51,000, largely paid for by hotel worker unions and a national hotel trade group, New said.
Airbnb called the bus-shelter ads “petty and misleading,” and said it wants to work with Share Better and the city to revamp the current registration system, which it characterizes as broken.
Only about 1,700 San Francisco hosts out of an estimated 10,000 have complied with a requirement to register their properties that took effect in February 2015. On Wednesday, The Chronicle reported that the registration fee could increase from $50 every two years to $250, because of a mandate that the short-term rental office cover its budget from fees and penalties. In essence, the fact that many hosts have refused to register is hurting the law-abiding ones who must pick up the slack.
Last year at this time, San Franciscans were deluged with far more Airbnb ads, as the company spent some $8 million to defeat Proposition F, a ballot initiative that would have curbed its business. Opponents spent less than $500,000.
Carolyn Said is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: csaid@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @csaid
London's mobile phone networks face a "capacity crunch" during the Olympic games that could leave the capital and its expected 1 million extra visitors unable to use the internet on the move unless thousands of wi-fi hotspots are built in time.
Virgin Media chief executive Neil Berkett, whose company is bidding for council contracts to build a central London public wi-fi network, believes the process is moving too slowly and fears the Olympics could be a "missed opportunity".
Their comments come days after London mayor Boris Johnson warned that the mobile phone service would come under "massive strain" at peak times during the games.
Berkett said: "The mobile networks are already facing a capacity crunch that, without widespread, consistent wi-fi, will leave people unable to do the most basic things such as keeping up to date with the latest travel situation and getting directions while out and about."
Use of the mobile internet is growing at speed, along with adoption of smartphones, and that is already putting pressure on networks, with Three mobile warning that it will run out of capacity on some masts by the end of 2012.
Wi-fi is cheaper and faster than 3G internet, and most mobiles are programmed to switch from phone masts to wi-fi where it is available. The hope is that it will absorb a swath of web traffic during the Olympics and beyond if a substantial network can be built in time.
Westminster city council has shortlisted six bids for a long term contract to build a borough-wide public wi-fi system and is due to announce a winner in November. Virgin Media has made the shortlist, along with O2, BSkyB's wi-fi business The Cloud, BT Group and two smaller companies. It is understood Kensington & Chelsea has committed to adopting the same supplier as Westminster, and Hammersmith and Fulham is expected to follow suit. Virgin is keen for other central boroughs including Southwark, Islington, Lambeth, Hackney and Camden to do the same.
Even if the public wi-fi network is built on time, it is unlikely to offer equal access to all users. While it will be free to everyone, there will be speed and time limits for those who are not customers of the winning bidder. Virgin, for example, could offer its customers speeds up to 20 times faster than guest users. One bidder is understood to want to impose a 15 minute a day limit on internet time.
Virgin is offering to build an outdoor network, with transmitters hung from lamp posts and bus stops every 80 to 100 meters at thousands of sites in central London. O2 and BT will build predominantly indoor networks, in restaurants, pubs and cafes.
Image copyright John Zelnio Image caption The letter came with $40 and the promise of more the following week
A construction boss in Illinois is trying to track down a skateboarder who anonymously left their "grass-cutting money" after accidentally damaging a truck.
John Zelnio, 57, from Moline, was opening the post on Tuesday when they found an envelope containing $40 (£30) and a note.
"I am sending you my grass cutting money for the insurance," read the note, apparently written by a young person who believed they had caused expensive damage to the truck.
"I will send more next week when I finish some more yards this weekend."
Mr Zelnio said they could not actually find any damage but that the letter had "touched my heart".
"I set out to look at my truck to see what the damage was, I walked around it a few times and couldn't see any," they said.
"I was touched by the young person's story, so I tried to figure out who it was so we could get the money back to them."
Image copyright John Zelnio Image caption Businessman John Zelnio says the letter made them "feel proud" of the anonymous sender
What did the letter say?
"Mister I want to say I'm sorry my friends and I were running across the street where your truck was parked and my friend pushed me into your truck and I scratched your truck with my skateboard.
"I told my dad and we went back [but you] were already gone. My dad has seen the name on another truck for this company and I am sending you my grass cutting money for the insurance.
"My dad said theirs had a hundred dollar payment for things like this. I will send some more next week when I finish some more yards."
'Good-hearted story'
Mr Zelnio said friends and family were pitching in to help the search by sharing the story on social media.
"I don't know if it's a young man or a young lady," they said.
"They said as soon as they mowed some more grass they'd bring the rest.
"It's such a good-hearted story in the mix of all the negative stories that are unfortunately happening at the moment.
"It's great to know there are some great hearts out there doing the right thing."
Image copyright John Zelnio Image caption John Zelnio said that they could not find any damage to the truck
Asked what they would say to the young person if they came forward, Mr Zelnio said they would tell them: "I'm very proud of you, I'm proud of your parents for raising such a good kid, and you should keep up the good work," they said.
"And here's your money back."
By Tom Gerken, UGC and Social News team
BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP) – A 97-year-old Hungarian man suspected of abusing Jews and helping deport thousands of them during the Holocaust was taken into custody Wednesday, questioned and charged with war crimes, prosecutors said.
The case of Laszlo Csatary was brought to the attention of Hungarian authorities by the Simon Wiesenthal Center last year.
Prosecutors decided to charge Csatary with the "unlawful torture of human beings," a war crime that carries a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Csatary's lawyer, Gabor Horvath B., said that a judge, acting on a request from prosecutors, ordered their client to be confined to house arrest for a maximum of 30 days.
Horvath B. said they had appealed the ruling, which also opened the way for authorities to confiscate Csatary's passport.
Tibor Ibolya, Budapest's acting chief prosecutor, said Csatary recounted their Holocaust-era activities to authorities during questioning, saying they were following orders and carrying out their duty.
"The suspect denied having committed the crimes," Ibolya said, adding that during their testimony Csatary's "attitude toward some of their fellow men of a certain religion … is not what we would consider normal."
Prosecutors detained Csatary in an early morning sweep because they were worried they may try to flee. They have lived at least in two separate Budapest apartments during the last few months.
"We took Csatary into custody at dawn from an address to which they had no connection until now," said Ibolya. "He cooperated with investigators."
Csatary's lawyer said their client had moved to a new location because they were tired of being badgered. On Monday, 40 people held a protest outside one of Csatary's purported homes but they were nowhere to be seen.
According to a summary of the case released by prosecutors, Csatary was a police officer in the Slovakian city of Kosice, at a time part of Hungary.
In May 1944, Csatary was named chief of an internment camp at a Kosice brick factory from where 12,000 Jews were deported to Auschwitz and other Nazi death camps. Authorities said Csatary was present when the trains were loaded and sent on their way.
Csatary "regularly" used a dog whip against the Jewish detainees "without any special reasons and irrespective of the assaulted people's sex, age or health condition," the prosecutors' statement said.
As one train departed with some 80 Jews crammed into one railcar, Csatary refused a request by one of the Jews to cut holes in the walls of the wagon to let more air in, the statement said.
"We took into consideration the severity of their acts, but we should not forget that the suspect is due the presumption of innocence," Ibolya said. "In our estimation, they will not be able to escape."
Ibolya said considering Csatary's age, they were in good physical and mental condition, although experts had yet to examine him.
Csatary was convicted in absentia for war crimes in Czechoslovakia in 1948 and sentenced to death. They arrived in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia the following year, became a Canadian citizen in 1955 and worked as an art dealer in Montreal.
In October 1997, Canadian authorities said the 82-year-old had left the country, apparently bound for Europe, before they had the chance to decide their fate in a deportation hearing. Their citizenship had been revoked in August and the deportation order was based on their obtaining citizenship by giving false information.
Canadian authorities alleged that Csatary had failed to provide information concerning their collaboration with Nazi occupation forces while serving with the Royal Hungarian Police and their participation in the internment and deportation to concentration camps of thousands of Hungarian Jews.
Ibolya said the investigation into the Csatary case was continuing and that prosecutors were waiting for information from Israel, including the possible testimony of survivors, and Canada.
"I expect this case to continue for months, even taking into account that we are treating it as one that we would like to conclude as soon as possible," Ibolya said.
In Israel, Efraim Zuroff, director of the Wiesenthal Center's Jerusalem office, applauded the arrest.
"When you look at a person like this, you shouldn't see an old frail person, but think of a man who at the height of their physical powers devoted all their energy to murdering or persecuting and murdering innocent men, women and children," Zuroff told the AP.
by David Falk
2014 will be the “Year of the Player” in Washington. Somewhere from colleges, youth clubs, local towns, adult soccer leagues and around the globe we'll need around 375 players to fill roster spots in the PDL, EPLWA and NPSL for our 15 competitive clubs.
The Kitsap Pumas got their search underway last weekend with open tryouts. The Saturday session was lightly attended. The Pumas usually get their players from invitational tryouts and head coach James Ritchie's annual trip to the InfoSport Combine. On Sunday the Pumas session was observed by a representative from WestSound FC.
All of our clubs are of course looking for the best players they can find, and also the “best fits.” A good player is no good to a club if they can't travel to practices and matches, or isn't up for committing for an entire season. The PDL and the EPLWA will each play 14-match regular campaigns. (The term “semi-pro” is used in the headline to indicate professionally run clubs with amateur status players. The Kitsap Pumas pay their players a non-living wage.)
Is there enough talent out there to make all of our clubs solid? That is going to be an ongoing question followed by fans before, during and after tryout season. The PDL clubs generally get their players from in and out-of-state college programs. It is rare for a local to stick who isn't in college and searching for elevation into the pro game.
The EPLWA and NPSL are more of a mystery. We will all learn about their player make up together. Seattle NPSL has already held an open tryout, and they look like a club that will be made up of local internationals who star in the Starfire Premier League. That puts them at war with Seattle Stars FC of the EPLWA for the best Seattle adult amateurs. Inter United FC, the other Seattle-area NPSL club, might have a strong African influence on its roster with players from that continent who are now living in the Emerald City.
Thanks to the Evergreen Premier League towns will play a bigger role than ever in 2o14, as will the Washington State Adult Soccer Association. Adult players who might not be involved in a college program could still turn out for EPLWA clubs in Wenatchee or Yakima or Seattle. College guys who want to spend the summer at home representing their home towns could find a chance in Bellingham, Vancouver, Spokane, Tacoma or Silverdale. Anyone could be anywhere.
In Vancouver Washington the Victory of the EPLWA will recruit in the same town as the NPSL side Spartans, who recently declared that they are a “Vancouver club” despite playing their home matches in Portland Oregon this year. The Spartans just won the OPSL title.
Clubs will hype their coaches, their histories of moving players up, their locations. All in the name of getting the best guys on their rosters. The networking is beginning to buzz. It's the year of the player.
The EPLWA has a 25-man roster limit. If we apply that total to all 15 clubs (it will likely be a bit less), then we see the state needs 375 players.
Premier Development League (PDL)
Teams: Kitsap Pumas, Sounders U-23, Puget Sound Gunners, Washington Crossfire
Evergreen Premier League of Washington (EPLWA)
Teams: Bellingham United, Seattle Stars FC, South Sound FC, Spokane SC Shadow, Wenatchee United FC, WestSound FC, Vancouver Victory FC, Yakima United FC
National Premier Soccer League (NPSL)
Teams: Spartans Futbol Club, Seattle NPSL, Inter United FC
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
Summer is here! This week we got some real treats, 1.19 is out and with it comes Lyra. With a new season beginning, roster changes have begun as well.
Summer Swaps
With Spring season at its end and the Vainglory Live Finals finished, many pro players have gotten picked up by new teams.
CullTheMeek has jumped to Team Phoenix
iLoveJoseph is now on Nemesis Hydra
Statusbaked has also swapped over to Team Phoenix
PONtheoriginal has joined Hammers eSports
VONC has filled TSM's opening.
1.19 Released
1.19 is a huge update to Vainglory, it's the first update in over a year to add new items and the first update ever to add so many major items. Roams are now freed up to pick whatever they like for their first item, no longer tied down to Ironguard Contract. There are a number of other utility items added as well, including an expansion of options for boots. In addition to these changes, we have a new hero, Lyra. Lyra made quite a huge splash showing themselves to be quite a jack of all trades while still surpassing many other more specialized heroes in their niches.
Sunny Days
1.19 also introduced summer progression with a new system called Sunlight. Sunlight levels from 1 to 50, with a reward of cards for seasonal skins at every level up. Leveling up in Sunlight also improves the rewards from your summer chest, which can be opened daily for various rewards. Sunlight progression can be boosted by using skins or by buying a boost from the Market.
Since the updates release a few quirks have been found:
Battle Royale matches only reward (already-reduced) Sunlight on wins, no is rewarded on a loss.
Co-Op vs Bot matches reward Sunlight, but only if the match exceeds 10 minutes.
Ranked and Casual matches only reward Sunlight if the match is longer than 15 minutes.
A huge motivation for summer progression is to unlock the three Summer Party skins that will be released over the season. This Friday, the first—Summer Party Krul—was released. Each skin will require 50 cards and will be available for unlock from their release to the end of the season. While the next two have not been revealed, one is speculated to be a skin for Alpha and the other is speculated to be one of the big guys: Lance, SAW, Ardan, or Phinn. Cards for the skins are already being rewarded and show of a mysterious silhouette skin.
Hotfixes Rolling Out
The first of potentially several 1.19-hotfixes has rolled out for iOS, 1.19.1, which helps Lyra cool off a bit from their sizzling debut. The changes tune down the CP ratio on their basic attacks and the duration of their B ability, Bright Bulwark. The update itself fixes some technical issues on iOS and reduces the app's file size.
Various developers have already said on Twitter to expect some more hotfixes coming soon.
Amazon and Evil 8
Amazon has announced that they will sponsor Vainglory's Summer Season. Twitch, owned by Amazon, already was a sponsor of Vainglory, but this shows that they see to be willing to step that sponsorship up to the parent company. They'll also be hosting a new NA and EU tournament for the summer dubbed “The Evil Eight.” Few details are known about the tournament's structure quite yet, but it seems that the top 8 teams from each region will be placed in the upper tier of the competition while “challenger” teams attempt to battle their way into The Evil Eight.
A man and woman, he's from Middleton and she's from Caldwell, are behind bars at the Ada County Jail after being accused of some holiday shoplifting.Boise police were summoned to the area of Milwaukee Street and Franklin Road Monday night. That's where the suspects allegedly shoplifted items from stores and burglarized at least two cars in a department store parking lot. Police said as they attempted to question the male suspect, they took off on foot but was caught a short time later. The woman was arrested without incident.Police said they found multiple clothing items taken from four different retailers. They also found clothing and electronic devices allegedly stolen from nearby cars.The male suspect is 18-year-old Tristen Parsons and the 18-year-old female's name is—and this is no joke—Amanda Miranda Panda. They are each charged with three felony counts of burglary. Parsons is also charged with resisting and obstructing officers.
I'm glad Strategic Command 3's camera is a tad myopic. Not being able to see the Panzers parked in Parliament Square… the SS Sturmgrenadiers marching down The Mall… Mosley and Hitler shaking hands on the doorstep of 10 Downing Street, means I can push north towards unconquered Scotland with a spring in my goose-step.
After dalliances with squares and the Great War, Hubert ‘Fury Software‘ Cater, is back hewing hexes and what-if-ing WW2. Around six weeks away from release, Strategic Command 3 (or Strategic Command WWII: War in Europe as it's officially known) is conservative turn-segmented grand strategy with the emphasis squarely on military matters rather than political, social or economic meddling. I launched into the latest beta build expecting to be overwhelmed and overworked. What actually happened was this.
Initial fears aroused by the 180-page manual, and the lack of small evening-sized scenarios or individually playable minor nations vanished half an hour into my first game, an Axis affair with a 1940 eve-of-Fall-Gelb start. Relatively modest unit counts (I'm averaging about two turns an hour at the moment) together with hearteningly ergonomic and transparent play systems ensure SC3 is nowhere near as backbreaking or mindboggling as it first appears.
Helping to keep things PzKpfw II pacy are abstracted convoys and automated convoy raiding, two-click naval transportation, and fighters that escort and intercept without player intervention. Unintrusive logistics and a one-unit-per-hex rule play their part too. I was able to sweep aside the hapless Dutch, Belgians, and French within a few hours using nothing but instinct and that convenient invasion thoroughfare just to the west of the Maginot Line that wargamers have been shamelessly exploiting for generations.
My first bona fide blunder was an attempted battleship breakout into the North Atlantic. Instead of emulating Lütjens and sailing up the coast of Norway during a foul weather turn (turns span fourteen days), I foolishly chose to send my eager convoy raiders across the middle of the North Sea in bright sunshine. The resulting brush with the Home Fleet gave me a healthy respect for the Royal Navy that lasted until 1941 when the Senior Service put in a somewhat half-hearted performance during my startlingly successful version of Operation Seelöwe.
But I'm getting ahead of myself.
Long before German jackboots hit Sussex shingle I'd made friends with the game's pared-down production, R&D, and diplomacy dimensions. Military Production Points fund almost everything in SC3 outside of standard combat and movement. Generated each turn by the same urban/resource hexes that serve, along with HQs, as logistical nodes, MPPs can be spent commissioning, upgrading or reinforcing units, researching new tech, influencing the alliance aspirations of minor powers (the initial relationship stats ensure things never get too weird) and funding long-distance ‘operational' unit moves. Your unnamed and invisible boffins research generic ‘tech levels' rather than specific vehicles or weapons, which may seem a little dull if you're used to spreading tech trees acorned with recognisable aircraft, AFV and warship types, but the flavour deficit is partially offset by evolving counter art and the game's library of one-off decision pop-ups.
Do you want to invest in an Italian human torpedo programme? Will you supply weapons and aid to anti-British rebels in Iraq? Is Marshal Pétain's ‘Vichy France' armistice agreement acceptable or would you rather fight on? Would you like to found the Afrika Korps and send it to Libya to support the struggling Italians? Interesting aspects of WW2 that are either beyond the scope of the core mechanics, or potentially fiddly, are handled through one-click-and-it's-done yes/no dialogues. Though I like the approach I have encountered one or two decisions that were jarringly out-of-step with the events unfolding on the map. Here's an example.
At the time this defeatist document dropped onto my desk, the only English settlements remaining on my ‘To Subdue' list were Dover and Hull, and resistance in Scotland was crumbling faster than a shortbread frisbee. France at risk from Allied invasion? I think not.
I suspect/hope my relatively painless Channel crossing in the Summer of '41 had more to do with my choice of difficulty setting (Intermediate – at higher levels the enemy gets an MPP boost and enjoys enhanced spotting abilities) and my reckless determination to defeat the Englander Schweinhunds at all costs, than poor AI or balancing. When the Fascist-filled LCAs and troopships sailed from Calais, Cherbourg and Le Havre, the Fatherland itself was virtually deserted. I was relying on the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and the deterrent effect of a few token garrisons to keep Stalin out of my hair until the UK was crushed. I hadn't expected the treacherous Soviets to pre-empt my treachery by mounting their own backwards Barbarossa in September.
If the Reds had struck a little earlier or focused their attack on one or two countries rather than five (Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria), I doubt I'd have been able to stop them. As it was possible to use expensive long-distance operational movement to ferry the bulk of my triumphant Tommy trouncers to the eastern edge of the Großgermanisches Reich before any capitals fell or major swathes of territory were lost. Can I push the Communists back where they came from while simultaneously maintaining pressure in North Africa (the DAK are four hexes from Alexandria) and keeping a lid on partisan mischief in the UK, France, the Low Countries and the Balkans? Only time will tell.
Fending off the Soviet attack has been both enjoyable and illuminating thus far. Heavily reliant on a large and modern Luftwaffe (I'd naively assumed that the RAF would offer stiff opposition during Seelöwe. In fact they proved about as dangerous as the RN) turns when the weather is too mucky for aerial ops are particularly challenging.
It's hard to tell whether the AI is using its HQs well (HQs provide supply and increase the combat ability of nearby troops). I suspect I'm not, but defender-friendly reinforcement rules together with low damage dealing means the Soviet steamroller is unable to take advantage of my incompetence at present.
My foe definitely understands that it pays to schwerpunkt on occasion. I've watched them shuffling frontline units in order to pummel a particular target multiple times in a single turn. What I've yet to see them do is employ artillery. The only type of unit apart from aircraft and missiles* able to attack non-adjacent enemies, arty is, as I've discovered in Egypt, bally useful. The absence of it in Soviet and British lines is a trifle strange.
*The V1s I planned to use against London and the Garden of England in fact first saw action on the Baltic coast bombarding tanks and mechanized infantry near Danzig
Oddities like rare artillery and (checks notes) unsupported aircraft units roadblocking blitzkrieg progress, Italian starting conditions that mean Mussolini starts the game with just one one fighter and one bomber unit, a Home Fleet that lingers at Scapa Flow when Britain is clearly lost, are one of the reasons I play far more tactical recreations of WW2 than strategic ones. All grand strategy titles seem to advertise their syntheticity from time to time. Simulating the convulsions of an entire theatre plausibly is much harder than aping a small armour clash or infantry skirmish. If you can accept that fact, and are in the market for a £20* 1939-45 ETO title that doesn't exhaust, infuriate, or baffle then the pacy, moreish Strategic Command WWII: War in Europe is definitely worth shadowing.
*Guesswork. As usual, Slitherine won't reveal the price until release day.
* * * *
Image copyright PA Image caption Katie Hopkins appeared on The Apprentice in 2007
Broadcaster Katie Hopkins has left MailOnline after two years as a columnist for the website.
The presenter, who first rose to prominence as a contestant on The Apprentice in 2007, joined MailOnline in November 2015.
Hopkins is known for their controversial opinions and regularly attracts criticism for their views.
A MailOnline spokesperson said: "Katie's contract was not renewed by mutual consent."
No reason has been given for Hopkins leaving the website. The BBC has contacted Hopkins' management for comment.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Katie Hopkins finished second in Celebrity Big Brother in 2015
It also appears that Hopkins' tweets are currently being deleted from their Twitter account.
They tweeted on Monday that they had registered to a website that deletes tweets - although that message then disappeared.
The writer and broadcaster also parted company with radio station LBC in May, where they had a regular show.
They caused anger just before they left the station when they tweeted that there must be a "final solution" in dealing with terrorists following the Manchester terror attack.
Some followers questioned their use of the phrase "final solution" - a term used by the Nazis to refer to the Holocaust - but later Hopkins altered it to "true solution", describing the earlier version as a "mis-type".
Image copyright Twitter/@KTHopkins Image caption Hopkins is now deleting their tweets
Earlier this year, food writer Jack Monroe won £24,000 in damages, plus £107,000 in legal costs, in a libel action against Hopkins after a row over two tweets, which Monroe said caused "serious harm" to their reputation.
Hopkins was later told by the High Court they could not appeal against the ruling, but they have applied to the Court of Appeal in an attempt to have that decision reconsidered.
Last December, they apologised to a Muslim family they accused of being extremists after they were refused entry to the US for a Disneyland trip.
MailOnline, which published their claim, also paid £150,000 in libel damages to the Mahmood family.
Hopkins has gradually built up their reputation as a controversial figure since 2013, when they appeared on This Morning during a discussion about children's names.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
heavyweight grand prix came to a screeching halt on Monday, when they were removed from the tournament due to not agreeing to fight on Sept. 10.
corresponded with the Strikeforce heavyweight champion via e-mail on Tuesday to find out why they were removed from the tournament and what's next for him.
Ariel Helwani: Are you disappointed that you were taken out of the tournament?
: Yes, of course I'm disappointed. Winning the tournament was my number one goal. I understand their position, but they have to understand mine, and I'm disappointed we couldn't work it out.
It has been reported that you have one fight left on your contract, is that true and how are negotiations going for an extension?
, so I wish them best of luck, and I hope eventually to fight the winner of the tournament for the belt.
Showtime delayed the tournament in April, so why couldn't they delay it this time around?
shows and two of them are big and have title fights as the main event. That makes you wonder if they want a Grand Prix semi-final in between on Showtime.
Sept. 10 is seven weeks away. Why isn't that enough time for you to prepare for a fight?
At the moment I have started training by myself because most of my team members and trainer are on holiday, so I didn't start my real training camp yet. I have to get sparring partners from other countries and fly them in and arrange accommodations. Everything was according to plan and that was to start my fighting program on August 1. So let's take that date as my starting point, then you have to be in the States a week before the fight. So if you calculate it, then you have just four weeks and that's not enough to have a good and well prepared training for such a big fight.
You've always been known as an active fighter, for example, you competed in a combined 14 MMA and K-1 bouts in 2009-10, however, you've fought just once in 2011. Why have things changed?
There are many explanations: the level of competition and the stakes are different. It's safe to say that all those opponents aren't as good as 'Bigfoot,' the other reason is that K-1 matches are very different to train and you don't need a very long training camp if you compare it to MMA. The most important is that you can fight multiple times if you don't interrupt your training. If the September date was confirmed right after the Werdum fight, it was no problem to get in shape because I would have skipped my holiday and organized the training camp earlier. If you go on a holiday and you stop training and enjoy life by eating things you're normally aren't allowed or going out instead of sleeping then your momentum is gone and you have to start all over again and that cost extra time as well. There is a reason why UFC champions only fight two times a year.
Have you talked to Zuffa since you were removed from the tournament? If so, what's the state of your relationship with them today?
No, I didn't speak to anybody at Zuffa. I only communicate with my management and they talk to them. If you ask me what the state of our relationship is, I think nothing has changed. It would be silly to think that they don't understand my decision.
How badly injured is your toe? When can you resume training?
It's not that bad, otherwise I would have canceled [the Silva fight] because of that injury alone. It's more that my body isn't pain-free, there are minor injuries but they prevent you from training 100 percent. If you have just four-to-six weeks, and you have those minor things, then you are jeopardizing your training. I have started my training recently, and on August 1, I will have a training camp.
When do you think you will fight for Strikeforce again?
I don't know.
Is there a chance that you will fight for someone else before fighting for Strikeforce again?
I hope so. I like to be active, and like I told you, I will be ready according to the first date we agreed with Strikeforce and that is in October.
BioSolar, a developer of energy storage technology and materials, has completed the lab phase and has begun the engineering phase of its development of a silicon (Si) alloy anode material. In September 2016, BioSolar, which up to that point had been focusing primarily on its development of a “Super Cathode”, announced it had begun development of an anode technology as well. ( Earlier post .)
Lab testing showed that in a half-cell, BioSolar's Si alloy anode had specific capacity of 1,235 mAh/g with 95.3% of capacity retention, as compared to the best-known competitor's 1,181 mAh/g specific capacity with 91.0% capacity retention. Further, BioSolar's Si alloy anode demonstrated more than 99.8% of cycle (charge-discharge) efficiency during 100 cycles of operation with lithium metal half-cell.
A full cell battery incorporating BioSolar's Si Alloy anode and the highest capacity cathode commercially available (lithium nickel cobalt aluminum oxide cathode with specific capacity of 180 mAh/g at 4.3V), exhibited 99.6% of capacity retention over 50 cycles. BioSolar's initial target for its Si alloy anode development is 620 mAh/g at the full cell configuration, but further enhancement will allow achieving 1000 mAh/g in the near future, the company said.
The engineering phase focuses on designing and testing the electrodes based on the company's Si alloy anode material, as well as full cell design and evaluation with commercially available high capacity cathodes.
MaxMSP-based Teaching and Learning Resources
created by Mark Phillips
Everything here is freely available to download and use as you see fit.
Electro-Acoustic Music Primer
This software is designed to help teach some basic audio principles and common synthesis techniques to beginning students. There is also a ProjectSynthPack module with a number of more elaborate demonstration synths and audio file manglers which beginning students can use as a resource for their first electronic music mini-projects.
Major Update!
(March 2013)
-- virtually every patcher has been revised and upgraded. This is the first major update I've done on this material in six or seven years. I completely remade *all* of the components.
Since then there have been minor tweaks and improvements
Increased the size of fonts and objects so the display is more readable and more suitable for especially video projection.
Added more standardization to the user interface
Added several new features (a brand new, more flexible input section for the Deluxe Panner, for example)
Added oscilloscopes and spectroscopes to several more modules
Refined the programming and got rid of a lot of "questionable" patching routines.
Eliminated ALL hidden objects and patch cords (except for the menu pages). This is probably the biggest and most significant change. It will permit anyone using only the stand-alone application (or the free Max Runtime application) to see ALL of the programming used to create the patch.
Download Instructions
:
Download and install either the full Max program from Cycling 74 and use either of the following links.
E-A_MusicPrimerFolder.zip — This link downloads a folder with all the individual modules of the Primer as separate files. Each module can be run individually, or you can open the file named E-A_MusicPrimer.maxpat to run the programming in a manner similar to running the stand-alone Mac application. It will work fine in Max 6 or Max 7.
Note: Anyone with Max (6 or 7) installed on their computer (Mac or PC) can also use this last link above to look "under the hood" and all the details about how the patches work. However, with this new version, there won't be much to learn that you cannot learn by just looking at the application or the collective. Either way, beginners can start learning how to program and create their own Max patches while learning about basic principle of electro-acoustic music.
Ma(r)xTutorials
Ma(r)xTutorials is an idiosyncratic collection of tutorials, demos, and "tools" focusing entirely on Max objects (i.e. no MSP or Jitter objects) and aimed primarily at true beginners who are just trying to wrap their heads around this open-ended program. It is intended to supplement the tutorials that come with the program.
Since the major revision in 2013, there have been many minor tweaks and improvements
In the process of updating it, I substantially revised and/or expanded nearly every patch and added a lot more to the Max Basics folder and added several more Useful Tools. It will be more pedagogically useful than ever for someone just starting to learn Max.
Download link:
This link downloads a small "zipped" folder of demos for beginning max programmers ... requires user to also download Ma(r)xTutorials_Folder.zip (ca. 500k)This link downloads a small "zipped" folder of demos for beginning max programmers ... requires user to also download
install either the full Max program or the free runtime version of the program from Cycling 74
Play / pause 1x 1.5x 2x volume Ron Robinson–Reagan Ranch, YAF & William F Buckley–VISION iTunesGoogle PlayShare Leave a ReviewClammr ItListen in a New WindowDownloadSoundCloudStitcherSubscribe on AndroidSubscribe via RSS
Welcome to the Donor Doctor with your host James Newberry. On today's show, James discusses with Ron Robinson—Reagan Ranch, YAF & William F Buckley—VISION. Tune in to their interesting talk, and learn about the significance of vision and of building relationships with donors!
On the Same Side
Ron is the president of Young America's Foundation.  They are a big fan of William Buckley, who founded the Young Americans for Freedom (YAF). They met at a political campaign during Ron's college days in New York.
William had a number of unique experiences. They were on the tarmac with their dad when Chamberlain returned with the Munich Agreement. Also, they served as honor guard during Roosevelt's burial.
Responding to the Need of the Market
Ron has had a lot of accomplishments. A major part of them come from responding to the needs of their market—students. Among the challenges is dealing with the biases in college campuses.
Many have lost their sense of humor, and have become ideological and totalitarian in their views. They are not completely open to the viewpoints of others.
Ron shares one event when the students tried to attack the university. Unfortunately, not all colleges welcome dissenting opinions. Many students these days are taught what to believe and not how to think.
The Reagan Ranch
The Ranch came about as a result of the vision to preserve significant events in history. It also sought to maintain the ideals held by the Conservative Party.
When people visit the Ranch, they will be able to see and feel the personal side of those who used to inhabit it. For Reagan, the Ranch represented freedom. It was where they signed the largest tax cuts, gave their most eloquent speech, and more.
To hear more about the significance of vision and relationships in fundraising, download and listen to Ron Robinson—Reagan Ranch, YAF & William F Buckley—VISION.
If you're short on time, here are the highlights of Ron Robinson—Reagan Ranch, YAF & William F Buckley—VISION:
Who is Ron Robinson? ( )
Responding to the need of the market? ( )
Presenting both points of view? ( )
Putting up the Reagan Ranch? ( )
Cultivating relationships with donors? ( )
How to approach donors? ( )
THE HAGUE, The Netherlands, June 18, 2015 (ENS) – The largest-ever coordinated international law enforcement operation against illegal trade in endangered species has resulted in 139 arrests and more than 247 seizures, including: elephant ivory, rhino horns, pangolins, tortoises, rosewood and medicinal plants, officials revealed today.
Operation COBRA III, conducted in two phases between mid-March and the end of May, drew the cooperative participation of law enforcement teams and agencies from 62 countries in Europe, Africa, Asia and America.
Key successes during the operation included the arrest of a Chinese national believed to have been coordinating rhino horn smuggling from Namibia, the arrest of a notorious elephant poacher in India and the seizure of 340 elephant tusks and 65 rhino horns in Mozambique.
Over 50,000 illegal wildlife items were seized in the United Kingdom, as well as an additional 10,000 in Austria and 5,000 in Germany, including large amounts of illegal supplement capsules containing wildlife products.
In total, 37 countries reported seizures and/or arrests. Large numbers of illegal items were seized in China, Singapore and South Africa.
The operation was organized by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Wildlife Enforcement Network, ASEAN-WEN, and the Lusaka Agreement Task Force. It was supported by numerous international agencies and organizations such as Interpol and Europol.
During Operation COBRA III, Thai Customs made one of the biggest seizures of elephant ivory in its history – over four tonnes. The ivory was hidden in containers originating in the Democratic Republic of Congo and was en route to Laos.
A week later, Thai Customs seized 3.1 tonnes of elephant tusks from Kenya. The 511 pieces seized, worth US$6 million (5.3 million euros), were hidden in sacks of tea in containers also bound for Laos.
As a result, a criminal network involved in the illegal trade of elephant ivory from Kenya to Laos was identified and several suspects were arrested. Investigations are still ongoing.
“Operation COBRA III is a great example of the collaboration that is needed between multiple organizations, disciplines and agencies to combat organized transnational wildlife crimes,” said John Scanlon, secretary-general of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, CITES.
“It is most encouraging to see enforcement agencies working together across source, transit and destination States to combat these serious wildlife crimes, which makes it increasingly likely that these illicit activities will be detected and the criminals behind them brought to justice,” said Scanlon.
Europol supported the operation by facilitating information exchange and coordinating the activities of police, customs, forestry and other law enforcement authorities from 25 of the 28 EU Member States.
Europol Director Rob Wainwright said, “The trafficking of endangered species remains a problem in the EU and beyond. It is often underestimated and not given the recognition or priority it deserves. Poaching and the illegal trade in species are dominated by organized crime groups, who operate worldwide and make huge profits from these activities.”
European seizures included 11,439 dead and live specimens, almost 2,000 parts and products, and over six tonnes of timber, plants and animal parts.
Officials intercepted and seized:
* – 20 kilograms of live leeches and 25 kg of coral in Bulgaria
* – 10,000 dead seahorses and over 400 live turtles/tortoises in the UK and another 300 in Croatia
* – over 90 kg of coral and more than 50 kg of animal heads, horns and other parts in Spain
* – more than 500 kg of frozen eel in Poland
* – over 800 cacti in a joint German/Chinese operation
* – 16 whale ribs in the Netherlands
* – 50 kg of raw, unworked ivory in France
In addition, 100,000 pills of traditional Asian medicine were confiscated. Several individuals have been arrested and investigations are continuing in many countries.
EU Commissioner for Migration, Home Affairs and Citizenship, Dimitris Avramopoulos, said, “The illegal trade in wildlife and other forms of environmental crime are among the most damaging and lucrative forms of transnational organized crime. They destroy habitats and bring endangered species to the brink of extinction with major security consequences.”
“This operation underlines our willingness, our commitment to tackle all forms of criminal markets with a holistic approach, encompassing international cooperation, the fight against corruption and public-private partnerships,” said Avramopoulos.
MEP Catherine Bearder founded the MEPs for Wildlife group in the European Parliament, which is lobbying for an EU Action Plan Against Wildlife Crime. “This sends a clear message to those involved in the illegal wildlife trade that they will face the full force of the law,” they said. “It is important that the judiciary now hands down sentences that match the gravity of these crimes.”
Launched in February, the MEPs for Wildlife group includes one MEP from each of the seven main political parties in parliament. Their proposal for a EU Action Plan Against Wildlife Crime would include a permanent fund to go after poachers, a new Wildlife Crime Unit in Europol, and tougher penalties across Europe for wildlife criminals.
Karmenu Vella, EU commissioner for environment, maritime affairs and fisheries, indicated that the EU Action Plan is starting to gather support, saying, “We have intensified cooperation with European and international police networks to strengthen enforcement against these crimes. We are currently developing strategies for more targeted support for wildlife conservation, and a new EU Action Plan against wildlife trafficking is due by the end of the year.”
“Operation COBRA III once again shows the true global dimension of these crimes but also demonstrates that Europol and its international partners are determined to crack down on wildlife crime,” said Wainwright. “We will continue our efforts to fight these cruel crimes, to ensure a safe environment for endangered species in Europe and all over the world.”
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2015. All rights reserved.
There is a very sleek line between hacking and security. The security used to protect the public could be misused by hackers against the public itself, and one shouldn't forget that with the advance in technology, the techniques used by cyber criminals also improves.
Today, What hackers need to conduct a successful cyberattack?
Maybe just a computing device injected under the skin of their bodies, who can bear the pain, would be enough to help complete a successful cyberattack – also known as Biohacking.
This was exactly what presented by the former U.S. Navy petty officer and now engineer at APA Wireless Seth Wahle.
With no malicious intention, Wahle implanted a small NFC chip in their left hand right between their thumb and their pointer finger in order to display the risks of Biohacking.
Hacking Android devices using NFC implants:
For those unaware, NFC (Near Field Communications) chips embedded in our smartphone devices are used for transferring files and in various mobile payment applications.
Wahle's chip has an NFC antenna that is capable to hack Android devices and bypass almost all security measures. The chip can ping a nearby Android smartphone, prompting its user to open a link.
Once the user of the smartphone agrees to open that link, the link installs a malicious piece of software on the phone that allows the phone to connect to a remote computer controlled by the hacker.
The hacker would now be able to carry out further exploits on the victim's device, potentially putting all the important information and sensitive data of victim at risk.
How is NFC implant done?
$40 by using a needle which was larger than they had initially expected, Wahle In order to implant the NFC device, Wahle bought a chip designed to be injected into cattle and implanted the chip by an "unlicensed amateur" forby using a needle which was larger than they had initially expected, Wahle told Forbes during a Skype call.
The worst part about NFC implant:
The chip implant into Wahle hand was almost invisible after few days. The major thing to worry about this technique is that the NFC chip goes completely undetected in almost all kinds of security measures, including the security checkpoints in airports and other high-security locations.
Wahle said that with the chip implanted in himself, they went through daily scans prior to leaving the military and the chip was never detected. But, they also note that the X-rays would be able to detect the chip.
However, these Implantable NFC chips potentially open up a smart way for hackers to hack Android devices and networks and gain access to victims' sensitive information.
"This implanted chip can bypass pretty much any security measures that are in place at this point and we will show proof of that," said Rod Soto, the event's secretary of the board and security consultant.
Limitations of the attacks:
There are some limitations to methods like this, as Wahle says that the remote connection made by a hacker to the server can only be kept if the affected Android device is not locked or rebooted.
However, these limitations could be overcome by various means. Like if, say, the affected phone is rebooted, a software run as a background service that starts on boot would fix the problem.
Wahle will be presenting their finding at the Hack Miami conference taking place this May, with Rod Soto. Both of them intended to alert about these latest strategies that can be used by hackers to hack terminals and networks.
They also admitted that this NFC implant-based attack could provide hackers and cyber criminals with a particularly useful "tool in their social engineering toolset."
SARNIA — A guilty plea to possession of medical marijuana was rejected by one Sarnia judge but accepted by another when the accused man admitted additional facts.
In August, Anthony Francis Barr, 27, of St. Clair Township pleaded guilty to their April marijuana possession as well as impaired driving due to marijuana use.
At that time, Justice Mark Hornblower said they had to be satisfied about a unique point of law before accepting Barr's guilty plea. The issue was whether use of medical marijuana in a crime makes the possession a crime.
It was believed to be the first time in Canada the issue had been raised.
Wednesday, Hornblower said the possession was lawful and smoking it in their vehicle after leaving work does not make Barr's possession unlawful.
In their ruling, Hornblower cited a Supreme Court decision that stated there was no reason possession of items cannot become unlawful when involved in a crime. That case referred to use of a credit card becoming unlawful possession.
But in that case the person never had lawful possession of the card, while Barr had lawful possession of marijuana, Hornblower said.
Hornblower rejected Barr's guilty plea — but federal prosecutor Michael Robb called for a trial of the issue.
There was an issue regarding whether Barr had unlawfully obtained the marijuana. Regulations require medical marijuana to be kept in a bag labeled by the supplier.
Barr had three unlabeled bags in the vehicle weighing a total of 18 grams.
"There is a case to be made about the source," Robb said.
As the Crown maintains there is an evidentiary basis for the charge, the case must proceed but not before him, Hornblower said.
The court was told Barr wanted to resolve the case and it was transferred to a different courtroom.
Barr pleaded guilty before Justice Deborah Austin.
As Barr entered the plea, they acknowledged they had supplemented their prescription marijuana through an unlawful source.
“It is not right,” Barr said, referring to a public perception that use of medical marijuana made them an addict.
Barr said they have successfully used marijuana for years to treat their anxiety. It had been prescribed by a doctor.
Austin imposed a $100 fine citing the marijuana's association with Barr's impaired driving. Previously, Barr was fined $1,000 for impaired driving.
nbowen@postmedia.com
More than 100,000 people attended the funeral for Rabbi Nosson Tzvi Finkel, head of the Mir Yeshiva in Jerusalem, who died Tuesday at the age of 68 after suffering cardiac arrest at their home. They had also suffered from Parkinson's disease.
wikipedia Rabbi Nosson Tzvi Finkel Share
Pinterest
Email
According to Israeli news sources, the packed funeral in Jerusalem, caused disruptions to the city's light rail service.
A native of Chicago, Finkel was a descendent of a rabbinic dynasty connected to the Slabodka Yeshiva in Lithuania. They assumed leadership of the Mir in 1990, following the death of their father-in-law, Rabbi Beinish Finkel, becoming one of the few American-born rabbinical leaders in Israel.
Under Finkel's leadership, the Mir became one of the largest rabbinical academies in world with approximately 6,000 students.  They are to be succeeded by their son, Rabbi Eliezer Yehudah Finkel.
This story "100,000 Mourn Rabbi Finkel of Mir Yeshiva" was written by Forward Staff.
8 Pages Posted: 13 Oct 2013
Date Written: September 24, 2013
Abstract
“Perhaps one could even determine whether the market level was getting too high or too low by counting the number of issues selling below working capital value.” Benjamin Graham.
Most are aware of modern market valuation indicators include the trailing, median P/E ratio, Q ratio (market price relative to replacement cost) and the dividend-price ratio among others. Leaving the utility of these leading indicators aside, there is a method which remains altogether ignored and under-appreciated by the vast majority of market participants today. That is, the number of net-nets (companies valued below their net working capital minus all liabilities, ignoring the property and other assets completely) present at any given time on domestic US markets.
The modest objective of this paper is to present the implications of this oft-overlooked indicator relative to market over/under valuation as a whole in the past (1929-2011) and therefrom help draw conclusions as to its ultimate utility in the present.
Michael Smith
Follow-on Twitter
Hello and welcome to a weekly feature on CarolinaHurricanes.com in which I take your Twitter questions about the Carolina Hurricanes or other assorted topics and answer them in mailbag form. Hopefully, the final product is insightful to some degree, and maybe we have some fun along the way.
Let's get to it.
Could you explain the rules around wearing the alternate jerseys and also the away jerseys at home? – Jamie K. (@jbk_ltd)
Sure!
NHL teams are permitted to wear their alternate uniforms 12 to 15 times a season. The Canes wore their black thirds 12 times in 2013-14, including once on the road in Florida. In this case, the team had to receive permission from the Panthers to do so.
Similarly, the Canes had to receive permission from Tampa Bay and Columbus to wear their new white sweaters at home.
When planning out and submitting the alternate schedule to the league, a few caveats are considered. The Canes prefer to wear their black third uniform set against opponents who do not wear black pants. Looking at current uniform combinations, that eliminates Anaheim, Boston, Calgary, Chicago, Colorado, Dallas, Los Angeles, New Jersey, Ottawa, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh and San Jose. Out of 12 third jersey dates this season, 11 were against non-black teams; the Canes wore their thirds versus New Jersey on Nov. 29 – also Black Friday.
As far as wearing black on the road, as the team did on March 27 in Florida, a one-off trip is ideal since wearing both white and black on a multi-game trip would require lugging two sets of equipment.
For the same reason, wearing white at home is ideal against a team who is on a one-off trip, like Columbus was on March 29 in Raleigh.
Stick tap to Doug Warf, the Canes Vice President of Marketing, for clarifying the finer details.
Is Brett Bellemore a restricted free agent (RFA) or unrestricted free agent (UFA) after this season? – Laura (@PippyTarHeel)
Short answer: they will be an unrestricted free agent.
For the longer answer, stick with me on this one as I'll try to explain it as best I can without it getting too confusing. Bellemore will qualify as a group six UFA. Here are the criteria for group six status:
1) Age 25 or older. Bellemore is currently 25 and will turn 26 prior to the opening of free agency on July 1.
2) Has completed three or more professional seasons under an NHL contract. This is Bellemore's fifth professional season and first full season in the NHL.
3) Has played in fewer than 80 NHL games as a skater. Bellemore has skated in 66 NHL games, including 58 this season. Should they play in the team's remaining six games, they will total 72 NHL games. Note: Due to the shortened 2012-13 season, there are transitional rules for this criterion. Even still, Bellemore's games played total will come in under the required marker (74).
For all things contracts, be sure to bookmark our regularly-updated contract chart.
What picks does Carolina have at this year's draft? – Kyle W. (@mosby2622)
Currently, the Canes hold seven picks in this year's draft. The team is slated to pick once in rounds one, two, three, five and seven and twice in round four. The Canes acquired a fourth-round pick from the Vancouver Canucks in the trade that sent Zac Dalpe and Jeremy Welsh northwest in exchange for Kellan Tochkin. The Kings hold Carolina's sixth-round pick, which was shipped to Los Angeles with Anthony Stewart and a fourth-round pick in the 2013 NHL Draft for Kevin Westgarth.
Obviously, what is left to decide is the Canes' positioning. Assuming the team does not qualify for the playoffs, that will be done via the 2014 NHL Draft Lottery, which will take place on Tuesday, April 15 at 8 p.m. on NBCSN, according to Steve Lepore. As a refresher, the lottery now gives the opportunity to land the No. 1 overall pick to all 14 teams that do not qualify for postseason play. The likelihood of each team gaining the coveted first pick ranges from 25 percent for the 30th-place team in the league to 0.5 percent for the 17th-ranked team in the league. More details can be seen here.
NFL or MLB? – Doug A. (@dabrams2021)
This is an easy NFL for me. Though spending the night at the ballpark on a nice summer night is a wonderful pastime, it can't beat the exhilaration and intensity of the NFL, a sport and a league built for television.
But I do hope my fantasy baseball team does well this year.
***
Join me next week for more questions and more answers!
If you have a question you'd like answered, you can reach out to me on Twitter at @MSmithCanes.
Republicans Wednesday cheered the congressional override of President Barack Obama's veto of legislation that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia over the attacks — with former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani congratulating legislators for "righting that terrible wrong."
"President Obama's veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act was an insult to the families of those we lost on 9/11," Giuliani said in a statement for the Trump campaign. "The failure of Hillary Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine, who was obviously afraid to show up to work today and stand with these Americans, is a disgrace.
"It demonstrates their basic inadequacy as a leader.
"I will never forget that tragic day, nor the thousands who were lost, and neither will Donald Trump," said Giuliani, who governed the city during the attacks. "These family members are wonderful people who have gone through the unimaginable.
"They deserve the opportunity to seek justice and gain closure on this painful chapter in their lives," they said. "Now, they will finally have the chance to do it."
Both the House and Senate voted decisively to reverse Obama's decision to scuttle the legislation, handing them the first override of their presidency.
Democrats in both chambers abandoned President Obama and joined Republicans in large numbers despite warnings from the president and top national security officials that flaws in the bill could put U.S. interests, troops, and intelligence personnel at risk.
The Senate vote was 97-1. The House vote a few hours later was 348-77.
Lawmakers said their priority was the 9/11 victims and their families, not Saudi Arabia. Obama vetoed the legislation last week.
"The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act is a commonsense piece of legislation that strengthens the United States' position around the world," said Oklahoma Sen. Jim Inhofe, who supported the override. "This legislation gives victims an avenue to justice with the opportunity to hold those involved in a terrorist attack responsible.
Inhofe is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
"With the rapid spread of terrorism around the world, this legislation is necessary and timely in that it punishes foreign sponsors of terrorism, restoring Congress's intent to hold those who target Americans accountable in U.S. courts."
Arizona Rep. Matt Salmon, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said that the override proved that Congress "answers first to the American people.
"The September 11th attacks were heinous, but adding insult to injury was a law barring American citizens from seeking compensation simply because some of those who assisted the perpetrators were connected with a foreign government.
"Today's bill rightly remedies that and gives these families access to their own courts for their own protection."
Before the Senate vote, Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas said that the bill sent "a strong message to those who sponsor terrorist attacks on American soil, including foreign governments, will answer to those victims and pay for the death and destruction that they cause."
Cornyn co-sponsored the bill, first introduced in 2009, with Democrat Chuck Schumer of New York.
"If we allow lawsuits against foreign governments for bar fights, contract breaches, drunk driving, then we should allow the victims of a terrorist attack on our soil the opportunity for their day in court as well," Cornyn said.
"How can anyone look at the families in the eye and tell them that they shouldn't have the opportunity to seek justice against a foreign government responsible for the death of their loved one?
"These families should have the right to make their case," they said. "These families should have the freedom to have their day in court, to have a judge hear their case, and to hold accountable those who played a role in their suffering."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The prominent Japanese voice actor who plays Reiner in Attack on Titan, Yoshimasa Hosoya, announced a sudden hiatus from voice acting recently at the recommendation of a doctor, citing ongoing health concerns regarding overuse of their throat. Though Hosoya said, via their personal website, that they expect to return to work by the end of the year, that could mean up to eight months without the original voice of Reiner Braun, a prominent member of the 104th Training Corps.
However, fans shouldn't need to worry about a delay on Attack on Titan's second season. Episode 6, “Warrior,” will round out the first half of the season this Saturday, and Season 2 is only slated to last six more episodes. Though it's unclear how Hosoya's hiatus might impact the latter half of the season, it seems likely that production on the main VA recordings has been completed for all the remaining episodes already. So, Hosoya should already be done providing Reiner's lines for Season 2 in its entirety — or at least pretty close to it. But, there's no telling how this might impact the inevitable Season 3.
Reiner was the focus of Season 2's fourth episode, “Soldier,” and if the plot of the Attack on Titan manga is any indication, then (spoilers ahead) Reiner's role in the series is going to change drastically within the next few episodes.
Reiner's already a big shot. He's second in talent only to Mikasa out of everyone in the 104th (as demonstrated above), but the show is also slated to reveal that they are, in fact, the Armored Titan.
You can watch the simulcast of Attack on Titan on Funimation and Crunchyroll at 10:30 a.m. Eastern on Saturday or on Hulu at 11:00 a.m. Eastern.
Search Gallery The Newest Popular Jumpinglirious Xemylixa 8 Carn't Spel Xemylixa 10 Advertisement Advertisement Yoll 'N Co. Xemylixa 0 D'ni Expert Stamp Xemylixa 1 D'ni Intermediate Stamp Xemylixa 0 D'ni Beginner Stamp Xemylixa 1 D'ni None Stamp Xemylixa 0 The Day Eagles Learned to Talk Xemylixa 2 Lotus' Triumph Xemylixa 1 Flyby EC, aerial view Xemylixa 1 Greatest Show In The Universe Xemylixa 37 Meadowspeak Expert Stamp Xemylixa 4 Meadowspeak Intermediate Stamp Xemylixa 4 Meadowspeak Beginner Stamp Xemylixa 2 Grumps character practice Xemylixa 8 The Sign Painter Was Here Too Xemylixa 2 Metal Gear (MSX2) keycards Xemylixa 1 Metal Gear (MSX2) keycard [wip] Xemylixa 2 wolf!Raiden Xemylixa 3 Happy Meadow! Xemylixa 5 Little Things Xemylixa 2 Boom, Killcam Xemylixa 11 One Shadow Xemylixa 1 My rustic Lowadi layout Xemylixa 0
WIKIMEDIA, NCIGut microbes—or a lack thereof—can significantly affect the efficacy of certain cancer therapies elsewhere in the body, according to two studies appearing in Science today (November 21). Independent teams show in mouse models of cancer that gut microbes appear to modulate the host immune responses sparked by the anticancer drug cyclophosphamide, as well as by certain types of immunotherapy and chemotherapy. Both found that germ-free mice responded less well to tumor-targeting therapies than animals with rich gut microbiomes.
“Most of the time we think about the gut microbiome shaping the local environment. Now these papers are breaking the glass ceiling and going into extra-intestinal organs . . . and influencing activities of drugs,” said Christian Jobin, a professor of infectious diseases and pathology at the University of Florida who reviewed both studies, and was not involved in either. “That's really quite unique.”
While previous studies have unearthed similar “evidence that the inflammatory response to microbes is useful to cancer treatment,” noted New York University School of Medicine microbiologist Martin Blaser, who was not involved in the research, the new studies represent an “important” extension of that work. It's becoming increasingly clear, they said, that “the gut microbiome has adjuvant functions in terms of inflammation and immunity,” they said.
“Both studies are very exciting in that they show initial links between gut microbiota and [response to] therapies,” agreed Harvard University's Peter Turnbaugh, who was not involved in the investigations. The papers, they added, “underscore the importance [of] microbes in shaping not just our initial predisposition to disease, but also our recovery from it.”
Studying tumor-bearing mouse models, scientists at France's INSERM found that the drug cyclophosphamide altered the animals' gut microbiota composition and triggered the translocation of certain Gram-positive bacteria species to secondary lymphoid organs. Once there, these bacteria prompted the generation of specific immune cells, called “pathogenic” T helper 17 (pT H 17) cells, as well as memory T H 1 immune responses, which aided cyclophosphamide efficacy. In germ-free mice and animals administered antibiotics to extinguish Gram-positive bacteria, their tumors were resistant to cyclophosphamide.
“We found out that the translocation of these bacteria and immunization of the host against these bacteria . . . is why we see so many T H 1 cells in the spleen or in the blood of patients [treated with cyclophosphamide],” said Laurence Zitvogel, the INSERM immunologist who led the study. More broadly, they and their colleagues propose that gut microbes may often modulate the immune response to anticancer therapies.
The National Cancer Institute's Romina Goldszmid and their colleagues have suggested a similar hypothesis—that gut microbes shape inflammation within the tumor microenvironment. The researchers found that the mouse gut microbiome shaped both local and systemic inflammation, which is known to contribute to the development of cancer. In germ-free or antibiotics-treated mice, Goldszmid and their colleagues found that tumor-infiltrating myeloid-derived cells responded poorly to CpG-oligonucleotide immunotherapy and platinum chemotherapy, in part because of reduced cytokine production and lower production of reactive oxygen species, respectively.
“I was a bit surprised that the gut bacteria could have such an impact on modulating distant inflammation of the tumor environment,” said Goldszmid. Though they and their colleagues suspected that the CpG therapy's antitumor effect was rooted in a proinflammatory response already known to be regulated by gut microbiota, the team was not expecting “the extent [to] which inflammatory cells' reactive oxygen species production was required for the genotoxic effect of the [platinum] drugs, and strictly dependent on the presence of gut microbiota,” study coauthor Giorgio Trinchieri, who heads up the Cancer Immunobiology Section at NCI's Center for Cancer Research, elaborated in an e-mail.
Goldszmid, Trinchieri, and Zitvogel all cautioned that extensive validation work remains to be done, and that their findings have yet to be confirmed in humans. Further studies are also needed to unravel the mechanisms by which gut microbes influence inflammation and immunity.
Taken together, the INSERM- and NCI-led studies stress the potential importance of the gut microbiome during cancer treatment. Much like researchers are identifying genomic variants that correlate with drug response, “by looking at the microbiome, maybe some people don't have the bugs to show the best response to drugs,” said Jobin. “If we learned more about how these bacteria impact drug efficacy, then we could be more precise in the way we intervene on disease activity.”
Both studies also point to the perils of antibiotic overuse.
“It has been demonstrated, and our present study has confirmed, that after antibiotic treatment the bacterial composition in the gut never returns to its initial composition,” Trinchieri said. “Thus, our findings raise the possibility that the frequent use of antibiotics during a patient's lifetime—or to treat infections related to cancer and its side effects—may affect the success of anticancer therapy.”
And microbial resistance to antibiotics is on the rise. “On the microbial side, it would be interesting to know whether resistance to these compounds plays a role in determining whether or not [gut bacteria] could continue to provide these immunomodulatory effects,” Turnbaugh added.
Blaser echoed this sentiment. “We can harness our microbes to help us fight cancer,” they said. “Conversely, when we disrupt our microbes, it might make fighting cancer harder.”
N. Iida et al., “Commensal bacteria control cancer response to therapy by modulating the tumor microenvironment,” Science, 342:967-70, 2013.
S. Viaud et al., “The intestinal microbiota modulates the anticancer immune effects of cyclophosphamide,” Science, 342:971-76, 2013.
Apple has begun rolling out HDR 4K content on iTunes and upgrading old purchases
In anticipation of the launch of pre-orders for the iPhone 8, Apple Watch Series 3, and Apple TV 4K (which occurs tonight at 3AM (EST) (or 12AM PST), Apple has already begun rolling out new content with support for 4K resolution and HDR video with higher dynamic range.
In addition, Apple is upgrading iTunes customers previous purchases of video to 4K HDR format, which is has promised to do so, free of charge. All the new iPhones announced this week support HDR video, and the new Apple TV 4K supports both the higher resolution and HDR video, along with Dolby Vision support.
You likely wont see all your favorite shows and movies flip to 4K HDR just yet, Apple is gradually doing this well ahead of the new phones release date of September 22.
Who is up late for iPhone/Watch/TV pre-orders? What did you order?
Via
FORT COLLINS, Colo.— The Athletics Development department at Colorado State University reported this week that the tremendous support of Rams fans has resulted in a complete sell-out of all Indoor Club and Outdoor Club premium seats at the new, on-campus stadium, scheduled to open in 2017.
The campaign to secure commitments for premium seating began less than one year ago, and the overwhelming demand has produced this result more than a year before the first game kicks off on Sept. 9, 2017. This significant milestone reflects the great affinity that Rams fans and supporters have for their Athletics programs, and the continued positive trajectory of Colorado State Athletics.
While club seats have sold out, there remains a limited inventory of other premium seating options, including four suites and five loge boxes. Those with interest in learning more about these premium options may contact the Development office via phone at (970) 491-7291 or email at premiumseating@colostate.edu.
Samsung has done the Galaxy Note 5 launch right. Instead of announcing the phone and then making us wait a month or more before we could buy it, they announced it and then made it almost immediately available for pre-order with an in-store arrival date of just a week later. For many, pre-orders have already arrived on doorsteps. This is how all phone launches should be done, if you ask us.
Now that we are back from Samsung's NYC event and have one in house, it's time to get to reviewing it. First, we thought we would do a quick Galaxy Note 5 unboxing to get the juices flowing. This way, you all get to see the beginning of our journey with this phone as a daily deivce, another tour of it in an environment not filled with a few hundred other journalists, and if our impressions have changed within the last few days.
So, this is our unboxing and first impressions of the Galaxy Note5!
Gary McKinnon is a hacker who claims to have been able to access files that prove that the government not only knows of alien beings but also that they have been working with them.
McKinnon claims that they hacked the Pentagon, the international space station, and other government databases and that the protection on the files was so weak that they were able to get through many times over a ten year period. They operated out of their girlfriend's aunt's home, supposedly.
NASA Hacker
They claim to have stumbled upon paperwork that had listed “non-terrestrial officers” along with ships, trades between these ships, and the names of those involved.  They are not in possession of this information but claims to have found it.
Non-terrestrial does not necessarily mean not from the planet, but could mean not from land. This would make the term rather commonplace when speaking of the Navy. They claimed to have looked for the terminology elsewhere and did not find it used in any other context. When asked if the information could have been referring to the Navy, McKinnon says that it is possible and that it all is a part of the interpretation.
They believe to have found evidence of an alien base and images of alien beings on these databases but again has no solid evidence. They claim that when they tried to download the images it went too slow, and the connection was cut off before they could retrieve a single picture.
McKinnon was later arrested and sued by the government. They claimed that they had cost them $700,000 and that they were committing treason. McKinnon upon evaluation was diagnosed with Asperger's, a form of autism. Some say this could have influenced their decision making.
McKinnon's evidence is sketchy at best, but many would still like to know, is the truth out there?
A manhunt is underway in Iraq for hundreds of convicts, including senior Al-Qaeda terrorists, who broke out of Abu Ghraib prison after a military-style raid to free them, authorities said on Monday.
The militant Islamist organization has claimed responsibility for the assaults on Iraq's Abu Ghraib and Taji prisons, Reuters quoted Al-Qaeda's statement posted on militant forums.
The attacks were allegedly carried out after months of preparations on behalf of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which is a merger between Al-Qaeda's affiliates in Syria and Iraq.
Between 500 to 1,000 prisoners have escaped as a result of the attack, “most of them were convicted senior members of Al-Qaeda and had received death sentences," said Hakim Zamili, a senior member of the security and defense committee in parliament.
Suicide bombers drove cars with explosives into the gates of the prison on the outskirts of Baghdad on Sunday night, while gunmen attacked guards with mortar fire as well as rocket propelled grenades.
Other militants held the main road, fighting off security reinforcements sent from Baghdad, as several insurgents wearing suicide vests entered Abu Ghraib on foot to help free the inmates.
Ten police officers and four militants were killed in the fighting, which continued until early Monday, when military helicopters arrived to help regain control.
By that time, hundreds of inmates had succeeded in fleeing Abu Ghraib. The security forces arrested some of them, the rest are still free, Zamili commented.
“It's obviously a terrorist attack carried out by Al-Qaeda to free convicted terrorists with Al-Qaeda,” another security official told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
Jihadist accounts on Twitter claimed that not 500, but thousands of prisoners had escaped from the detention facility. A number of users also posted similar claims on the Honein jihadist forum, AFP news agency reports.
The Abu Ghraib capable of holding around 15,000 inmates has become notorious a decade ago after photographs showing abuse of prisoners by US soldiers were made available to the public.
A simultaneous attack on another prison, in Taji, to the north of Baghdad, had a similar scheme, but guards prevented a break-out. 16 soldiers and six militants were killed there.
The attacks on the tow prisons came a year after Al-Qaeda's Iraqi front group announced that it would be targeting the country's justice system.
“The first priority in this is releasing Muslim prisoners everywhere, and chasing and eliminating judges and investigators and their guards,” said an audio message attributed to the group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in July 2012.
Sunni rebels, including Al-Qaeda-affiliated, have been gaining strength and regularly striking Shiite Muslims and security forces. The violence has increased fears of a return to conflict in the country.
But ultimately, Flounders concludes that the international audience shouldn't be surprised at the news, because Western efforts in Iraq have not shown any signs of addressing the actual spread of sectarian violence in Iraq after the toppling of Saddam Hussein. In the city of Mosul to the north of Baghdad, a suicide bomber detonated a vehicle with explosives behind a military convoy, killing at least 22 soldiers and three passers-by, police reported.
Recent attacks have targeted mosques, football matches, shopping areas and cafes where people meet after breaking the daily fast for the holy month of Ramadan.
However, despite widespread claims that the escapees are largely affiliated with Al-Qaeda, there is no way of knowing, says Sara Flounders, head of the International Action Center. They also told RT that not much is known about Abu Ghraib itself after the US handed over control to the Iraqi government, following its withdrawal from the country.
“The state of security hasn't substantially improved since. We know also there are many operatives left in Iraq that continue US policy aims. There's a lot that's uncertain and unknown today in Iraq. We do know there was a prison break. But before we rush to label everyone Al-Qaeda, let's be aware that Abu Ghraib itself as a prison was notorious for US torture techniques… it was turned back over to the Iraqi government and we have no idea if any conditions improved.”
But ultimately, Flounders concludes that the international audience shouldn't be surprised at the news, because Western efforts in Iraq have not shown any signs of addressing the actual spread of sectarian violence after the toppling of Saddam Hussein, while billions of dollars were misspent – an opinion shared by defense consultant Moeen Raoof.
“The Iraqi government isn't controlling anything… [It] hasn't been spending its oil funds on security… the toppling of Saddam Hussein was a fatal, fatal mistake,” one that will be repeated in Afghanistan, after complete US withdrawal, they believe.
Nearly 600 people have been killed in militant attacks across Iraq so far this month, according to the monitoring group Iraq Body Count.
This article is over 5 years old
Six die in explosions and another six are shot dead by police in Xinjiang, home to Uighur ethnic minority
Six people have died in explosions and another six have been shot dead by police in fresh violence in China's restive western region of Xinjiang, home to the Uighur ethnic minority, state media have reported.
Assailants threw explosives at police in Xinhe county in the Aksu prefecture on Friday, triggering a clash in which police killed six and captured five suspects, according to the Tianshan news outlet, which is run by the regional Communist party.
Another six people died in blasts, the news outlet said, without providing details.
The official Xinhua news agency reported that the Uighur town of Xinhe had been shaken by three blasts that hit a hair salon, a produce market and a vehicle that exploded after it was surrounded by police. The case is under investigation.
Xinjiang is home to low-intensity insurgency by Turkic Muslim Uighurs against what they see as discrimination and religious suppression by China's majority Han people. The government has responded with a crackdown on what it calls terrorism incited by separatists who are influenced by radical Islam.
The Tianshan report called Friday's violence an act of terrorism.
Last year, clashes between authorities and members of the minority group left scores dead, including 40 police officers.
The violence included an unprecedented attack on Tiananmen Gate in Beijing that killed three Uighur assailants and two tourists last year.
Valerie Mahaffey, Jayma Mays, Don Most
Is it time for Will to meet Emma's parents?
Glee has cast Don Most and Valerie Mahaffey to play Rusty and Rose Pillsbury, the parents of guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays), TVGuide.com has learned exclusively.
It's clear now where our favorite obsessive-compulsive ginge may have gotten their red hair. Most is best known for playing the redheaded jokester Ralph Malph on Happy Days. Mahaffey has received an Emmy nomination for their supporting role as Eve on Northern Exposure and has a history of playing seemingly normal but rather intense (read: crazy) redheaded ladies, such as the Orson-loving Alma Hodge on Desperate Housewives. Hmm, "intense" could be a trait in the Pillsbury DNA.
Which Glee actor might be phased out in Season 3?
We're just wondering why Emma's parents will be visiting. Is it possible that they and Will (Matthew Morrison) could be getting serious?
As previously reported, in the same Tuesday, Oct. 4 episode, we'll also meet Mike Chang's (Harry Shum, Jr.) parents played by Keong Sim and Tamlyn Tomita. Now that promises to be an interesting Situ-Asian for Tina (Jenna Ushkowitz)!
Glee returns for its third season on Tuesday, Sept. 20 at 8/7c on Fox.
VIDEO: Sue gets glitter-bombed in the new Glee promo
What do you think of the casting? Whose parents would you like to meet next?
On Thursday, June 26, I joined several hundred educators, parents and students who marched and rallied in Seattle, Washington, in protest of the Gates Foundation's agenda for public education. The Educating the Gates Foundation event was completely grassroots, organized by local teachers active in the Washington Badass Teachers association. We rallied in downtown Seattle, where we heard from education professor Wayne Au and city councilperson Kshama Sawant. Then we marched through the streets to Gates Foundation headquarters, where we heard from United OptOut activist Morna McDermott. Seattle area teacher Susan DuFresne delivered several hundred teacher letters and a petition with hundreds more signatures to a Gates Foundation representative, from the Teachers' Letters to Bill Gates project. Then, on the sidewalk in front of Gates Foundation headquarters, I spoke. You can watch the video here.
Anthony Cody at the Educating Gates Rally, Seattle from Schoolhouse Live on Vimeo.
Two years ago, in July of 2012, I came here and spent the day with members of the Gates Foundation education team. I did my best to convey the wisdom of classroom teachers, who understand that learning cannot be reduced to test scores, who understand that equity is not going to arrive as a result of standardized tests. [see the Dialogue with the Gates Foundation here.]
There is a growing understanding around the country of what the Gates Foundation has done to education. Just a couple of weeks ago an interview with Bill Gates was published in the Washington Post. A lot of us have been saying that the Common Core was really a Gates Foundation project. People said "you are some kind of conspiracy theorist." Lindsay Layton actually had the nerve to ask Bill Gates "how did we get the Common Core?" And they told her, "well, I paid for it. They came and asked me 'would you pay for it?' and I said 'sure, it sounds like a good idea.'" And I'll tell you why they thought it was a good idea. It is because Bill Gates is all about measurement and markets. Measurement is the means by which markets are able to operate. In a business you have a profit and loss, you have a bottom line. The problem with our schools was there was no bottom line to open and close, or to declare schools bankrupt. So we got No Child Left Behind, and now we have the Common Core, to declare our schools bankrupt if they don't raise their test scores. The reason we need to declare schools bankrupt is we need to disrupt the public education system - the democratically controlled, taxpayer-funded public education system, and replace it with profit-driven schools.
A few weeks ago Bill Gates had the nerve to go to the National Board teacher's conference. A few years ago they said "the field of education doesn't know much about effective teaching." Because they believe the field of education needs the "science" that their tests bring. They went to the National Board teachers and they told them, "our classrooms are like electric sockets." In the field of appliance manufacturing, appliances all rely on the same common electrical socket. According to Gates, our classrooms need to be standardized so that innovators can create appliances for our classrooms. In their view, the innovation comes from people who are making all sorts of devices. So what that means is our classrooms have to be standardized, our teachers have to be standardized, and our students have to be standardized. The only variable that is allowed is the learning systems that are all competing in this marketplace.
Bill Gates has it exactly upside down. The innovators are the classroom teachers. The innovators are the students. The innovators are the people working in the schools creating new things every day. We can use technology, but technology is not where we look for innovation. We look for innovation within the creative minds and spirits of the people who choose to spend their lives working with children.
When Bill Gates was asked about how much influence they have, they said their influence is "just a rounding error." This is the same thing Arne Duncan has said about the Department of Education. But they have leveraged their billions to control the entire system. They have organized not only the Department of Education, but the Gates Foundation funds academic research, the development of curriculum, our unions, and anyone who will carry water for the Common Core these days. If you want a million dollars, write yourself a grant promoting the Common Core. The PTA is doing it, our professional organizations are doing it - anybody who has a name and a reputation that is worth something to the Gates Foundation, you can sell it if you are willing to.
Those of us here are not willing to sell our reputations. We are not willing to accept a profit-driven education system. Teachers and students are the front line of defense for the institution of public education in America. Educators are the ones that understand what is happening to our public schools. Educators are out in front, informing the public. And that's our job. This rally is all about "educating the Gates Foundation," but it really needs to be about educating the American public. The American public needs to understand that for teachers to innovate, to do the work that parents and communities want us to do, teachers have to have that autonomy. We cannot be driven by tests. We cannot be subject to the intense standardization in the service of free market profits.
Someone once said "teachers are like gardeners." We create the conditions for learning in our classrooms. We are suffering from the equivalent of chemical pollution damaging the crop we are trying to grow. Michelle Gunderson recently wrote that when you are not interested in politics is when politics gets interested in you. Teachers are ready to defend public education. We need to rally with other allies, with labor and parents.
The fundamental issue is that corporate education reform is perpetrating a fraud on the American public. They are pretending that the source of inequity in our society is bad teachers. You don't need to look inside our schools for the source of inequity. You need to look outside, where there's unemployment, where our students are being put into a college pipeline that leads to debt, as the jobs they were promised are evaporating. And teachers are supposedly to blame. When the American public realizes that our democratically controlled schools are a foundation of our democracy, we don't want it to be too late. So please stand with your local communities, stand with your parents, stand with labor, and especially the communities of color that are seeing their schools closed left and right, stand with people fighting the overwhelming growth of prisons and the school-to-prison pipeline.
They (the Gates Foundation) needs billions of dollars to try to carry public opinion. We don't need billions of dollars. We need the spirit, the hope, and the careful education that every one of us can carry out in our communities. So please, go forth and educate!
What do you think? Should we standardize our classrooms and seek innovation from the marketplace? Or should we allow educators the autonomy they need to innovate?
Photograph by Michael Peña, used with permission.
On International Working Women's Day, Venezuelanalysis had the opportunity to put three questions toMaria Eugenia Acero Colomines, National Coordinator for Culture and Gender at the Venezuelan Ministry for Women and Gender Equality.
In celebration of the historic date, the symbolic remains of three Afro-Venezuelan and indigenous women: Apacuana, Matea Bolivar and Hipolita Bolivar, were inducted into the National Pantheon of Heroes in Caracas. As an indigenous leader of the Quiriquire, Jefa Apacuana led a rebellion against Spanish occupying forces in the mid 1500s, while La Negra Hipolita, otherwise known as Hipolita Bolivar, and La Negra Matea or Matea Bolivar were born into slavery and assigned to care for legendary Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolivar as their wet nurse and nanny, respectively.
The move brings the total number of women included in the Pantheon to nine, a figure which has tripled since the Bolivarian Revolution came to power in 1999.
Why are you marching today?
I am here first of all because this is an historic act, that two Black enslaved women and an indigenous woman are receiving state recognition. Matea and Hipolita were slaves and Simon Bolivar liberated them, and despite that they were scorned until the end of their days. Hipolita Bolivar, who was practically Bolivar's mother, was mocked until the end of their life, not just for being a woman and also Black, but because they were part of the Bolivar family. This was also the case for Matea. Apacuana was a shaman, a woman of medicine and knowledge, as well as a warrior. So that's why I am here, because this is a symbolic tribute, because racism still exists and discrimination against women still exists and we continue to be undervalued. We are in a country where there is a Ministry for Women, that doesn't exist in the rest of the world, and which is working to reverse all of the damage that the capitalist patriarchy has done to us, which treats us as if we were subhuman. So that is why I am here, and the significance of today.
What is the greatest challenge facing Venezuelan women at the present moment?
To value themselves. To value themselves above and beyond the stereotypes which the media impose on us. The beauty pageants, the soap operas, which attempt to trap women into an unreal aesthetic standard. The Bolivarian government has promoted laws which empower (women) which are delivering justice in cases of femicide and gender-based murders, something which does not exist in many other parts of the world. The challenge for women today is to be aware of these laws and rights and to educate and empower themselves, as well as to liberate themselves. To liberate themselves mentally from the mountain of chains that have entrapped us all, men as well as women. The other challenge for women is to educate men and to create new masculinities that do not repeat patterns of mistreatment, abuse and ridicule towards women. That is our challenge, for women as well as men, and also to recognize sexual diversity, to which we are giving increasing importance.
And this is the work that you are carrying out at the Ministry of Women and Gender Equality? Can you give me a specific example?
Yes, of course. I belong to the Vice-Ministry for the Protection of Women, and there we are promoting a care programme aimed at building co-responsibility so that men and the wider community also care for children, the elderly and people with disabilities, not just women. Historically and socially it is believed that women are the ones who must carry out this kind of work, but social groups as a whole, the state and men must also assume the responsibility.
There is also the program which I am promoting which is a culture and gender program aimed at universalizing values, you could say feminist values, but they are values based on equality and respect towards women. Because we are bombarded by messages in the media which reinforce disturbing gender roles and which lead to dysfunctional intimate and family relations. And so this programme is aimed at building a cultural counter-hegemony (to that) and to visibilise another type of values to those found in fairytales, about princes and princesses, which show that children can have a happy ending which is different, that children can progress and create another reality, create community and a homeland. This is what we are doing.
Photo credit: @StudMedia | Twitter
Religion of Peace? You decide.
Reports are flooding in that a Lexus SUV plowed into a crowd inside of Ukraine's second largest city, Kharkiv.
Five total fatalities have been recorded and six more innocent pedestrians were injured after the car struck the crowd near the City Center Square.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="ru" dir="ltr">Lexus АХ 0032 ЕС раньше уже был замечен за нарушением ПДД: в сети нашли видео проезда авто на красный свет в декабре 2016 года <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/%D0%A5%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%8C%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B2?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Харьков</a> <a href="https://t.co/wf878uGWmH">pic.twitter.com/wf878uGWmH</a></p>— StudMedia (@StudMedia) <a href="https://twitter.com/StudMedia/status/920738429146664960?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 18, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Authorities are cautioning that at this time they remain unaware as to the motives behind the attack, suggesting it could be accidental or terrorism and they've no evidence to support either theory.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="ru" dir="ltr">Смертельное ДТП в центре <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/%D0%A5%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%8C%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B2?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Харьков</a>'а: автомобиль влетел в толпу пешеходов<br><br>ᐉ <a href="https://t.co/ozNU26oDpZ">https://t.co/ozNU26oDpZ</a> <a href="https://t.co/gK8hlUNtQI">pic.twitter.com/gK8hlUNtQI</a></p>— StudMedia (@StudMedia) <a href="https://twitter.com/StudMedia/status/920725696535842816?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 18, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="ru" dir="ltr">Полиция сообщает о 5 погибших и 6 пострадавших. Женщина-водитель Lexus'а была задержана.<br>ᐉ <a href="https://t.co/ozNU26oDpZ">https://t.co/ozNU26oDpZ</a> <a href="https://t.co/TBCNgzhqXS">pic.twitter.com/TBCNgzhqXS</a></p>— StudMedia (@StudMedia) <a href="https://twitter.com/StudMedia/status/920726333969354753?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 18, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
The attack occurred near Sumskaya Street in a populated and well traveled region of Kharkiv, where many civilians are on the streets at all times.
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2564.038191417365!2d36.238967815715455!3d50.010639379417064!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x4127a0dbd3432627%3A0x5050954abba7d85e!2sSumska+St%2C+Kharkiv%2C+Kharkiv+Oblast%2C+Ukraine!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1508356183774" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
The ally of the United States of America and the NATO protected nation has already been enduring endless barrages of subterfuge from their Bolshevik-controlled neighbor Russia; where tensions have continued to escalate in recent years.
Sources:
https://sputniknews.com/europe/201710181058355355-suv-kharkiv-crowd/
http://www.dailystar.co.uk/news/world-news/653399/kharkiv-attack-car-ploughs-into-crowd-ukraine-eastern-city
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
The famous giant duck, designed by Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman, sailed into the Port of Los Angeles early Wednesday morning.The duck is just one of the attractions at the five-day Festival of Tall Ships.At 2 p.m., the six-story-tall duck sculpture will lead a parade of domestic and international ships making their way along the Main Channel.Event organizers say the rubber duck is an impressive sight to see."This is 61 feet, 11 tons, about 85 feet wide and about 110 feet long," said Craig Samborski, spokesperson for the Festival of Tall Ships. "I was shocked when I saw the size of it right in front of me."The event, which runs until Sunday, will also feature ship tours, cannon battles, sword fights, knot-tying and sail-rigging training demonstrations, live music and food trucks. Tickets range from $7 to $350. For more information, visit http://www.tallshipsfestivalla.com
Share. Panic Button at the helm. Panic Button at the helm.
Panic Button, the same development studio that ported Doom and Rocket League to Nintendo Switch, is also behind the upcoming Switch port of Wolfenstein 2: The New Colossus.
Machine Games' narrative designer Tommy Tordsson Bjork and senior game designer Andreas Öjerfors revealed Panic Button's involvement in an interview with Gamereactor.
"They're experts at the Switch and now they're experts with the [id Tech 6] engine so we work with them, and the Doom version turned out to be really kick-ass on the Switch so I think Wolfenstein will be the same," Öjerfors said.
Exit Theatre Mode
Öjerfors also spoke to Machine Games' interest in VR. While the team doesn't currently have plans to make a Wolfenstein 2 virtual reality experience, they said, "we would love to do some VR experiments, absolutely, and we are very interested as a studio in creating that physical sense of being in the world, so it would be interesting to try that out in VR."
Wolfenstein 2 will be released for Switch sometime next year, and if comments from Bethesda's Pete Hines are any indication, this won't be the last game from the publisher to come to Nintendo's console. For more on Machine Games' hit first-person shooter, read IGN's Wolfenstein 2: The New Colossus review.
While you're at it, watch our Doom for Switch review below to find out why we were impressed by Panic Button's work on the port.
Exit Theatre Mode
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. Find them on Twitter at @alexcosborn.
As part of a company, LBRY, that cares passionately about the freedom of information (in both the beer and information sense), I find myself incapable of keeping my mouth shut about what's going on at reddit.com.
Yesterday, reddit.com announced that they were banning five communities on the grounds of harassment.
Today, these are the top 10 posts on /r/all:
Perhaps my favorite internet moment ever has been given the indecently bland Wikipedia title of AACS encryption key controversy. For the kids, non-nerds, and amnesiac nerds, a synopsis: the movie industry subpoenaed Digg to remove any references to the number 09 F9 11 02 9D 74 E3 5B D8 41 56 C5 63 56 88 C0 on the grounds that the number could be used to decrypt DVDs. Digg complied. Users revolted. The front page of Digg looked a lot like /r/all, except full of hexadecimal digits instead of fat people and swastikas.
Watching the everyman rebel against censorship and control brought tears to my eyes. It was an absolute inspiration. Astute eyes can find a tiny free speech flag in our footer .
Calling Ellen Pao a Nazi and posting pictures of fat people has not made me cry.
Aaron Swartz and Alexis Ohanian are two of the three people given credit for creating Reddit.
I never met Aaron Swartz, but I've read most of their blog. They seem honest, brilliant, open-minded and thoughtful. They pass the Fitzgerald test for the first-rate intelligence with flying colors.
Even more important than their words, I've seen what they did. Attempting to share JSTOR with the world was a beautiful thing. It puts them in the ranks of Manning, Snowden, Ulbricht, and other modern martyrs. While reasonable people may disagree with some of their actions, no reasonable person can disagree that following your conscience at personal expense to yourself is tremendous. On balance, the world would be a far better place if everyone acted this way.
I have met Alexis Ohanian, briefly. I have read Without Their Permission. Alexis' words aren't bad. They encourage entrepreneurship, attacking problems, and improving the world. They also encourage going around those who would protect the entrenched, obstinate, and broken status quo.
When I met Alexis a few years ago, I had the chance to ask them a question. I asked them something like: if you believe in the idea of routing around the rotten, why not put more energy into projects like that? Why not put resources into projects like Tor, Bitcoin, BitTorrent, or other technology that does the things they describe?
Alexis, at first, faltered. Then they gave me an answer about how there are difficult choices to make, and it's important to work from within and from without. It wasn't a terrible answer, but it was a politician's answer. In those first few seconds, I saw the mask drop. I saw a man's mind spinning a way to justify their true motivations: status and power. Those motivations are not inherently objectionable, but hypocrisy is.
Alexis Ohanian is not Aaron Swartz. Swartz did what was right, regardless of consequence. Ohanian does what have good consequences for him, then comes up with a way for it to be right.
Reddit claims that the grounds for the bans is the violation of rules regarding the harassment of individuals. Like Alexis' words, this is commendable. However, we must always compare words and acts. When they contrast, we have found hypocrisy. We have found evil.
Reddit claims that it cares about transparency, but refuses to provide any details or guidelines on its rules. Nor will it provide specific examples of the grounds on which it banned the targeted communities.
Reddit claims it banned communities on the grounds of targeted harassment, but users that have cited numerous specific examples of harassment from communities more politically favorable to Reddit's founders go ignored.
Reddit claims that it banned the communities on the grounds of targeted harassment, but has banned new subs created by unrelated users that have done no harassing.
Reddit refuses to admit that advertising or public perception has anything to do with its actions. It insists that it is only about harassment.
Reddit claims that it is about "authentic conversations" and unrestricted speech, but has hired a CEO, Ellen Pao, who represents the antithesis of those values.
Reddit is truly an Ohanian company.
I've neglected to mention the second half of the title. It's an old joke, made by many. Let's go with the SMBC version:
I hope someone has a generator hooked to Aaron Swartz right now.
Judge Again Says NSA Phone Records Program Is Unconstitutional; Orders NSA To Stop Collecting Phone Records Of Plaintiffs
from the here-we-go-again dept
With the Government's authority to operate the Bulk Telephony Metadata Program quickly coming to an end, this case is perhaps the last chapter in the Judiciary's evaluation of this particular Program's compatibility with the Constitution. It will not, however, be the last chapter in the ongoing struggle to balance privacy rights and national security interests under our Constitution in an age of evolving technological wizardry. Although this Court appreciates the zealousness with which the Government seeks to protect the citizens of our Nation, that same Government bears just as great a responsibility to protect the individual liberties of those very citizens.
Thus, for all the reasons stated herein, I will grant plaintiffs J.J. Little and J.J. Little & Associates' requests for an injunction and enter an order consistent with this Opinion that (1) bars the Government from collecting, as part of the NSA's Bulk Telephony Metadata Program, any telephone metadata associated with these plaintiffs' Verizon Business Network Services accounts and (2) requires the Government to segregate any such metadata in its possession that has already been collected.
In my December 2013 Opinion, I stayed my order pending appeal in light of the national security interests at stake and the novelty of the constitutional issues raised. I did so with the optimistic hope that the appeals process would move expeditiously. However, because it has been almost two years since I first found that the NSA's Bulk Telephony Metadata Program likely violates the Constitution and because the loss of constitutional freedoms for even one day is a significant harm... I will not do so today.
except
In my December 2013 Opinion, I explained at length why both the indiscriminate bulk collection of telephony metadata and the analysis of that data each separately constitute a search within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment.... Neither the recent changes in the operation of the Program, nor the passage of the USA FREEDOM Act, has done anything to alter this analysis. The fact remains that the indiscriminate, daily bulk collection, long-term retention, and analysis of telephony metadata almost certainly violates a person's reasonable expectation of privacy.
Notably, Americans know that airports are discrete areas in which certain rights otherwise enjoyed are forfeited.... It is their choice to enter that space and, in so doing, to check certain rights at the door. Not so with cellphones. As already described, cellphones have become a constant presence in people's lives. While plaintiffs' privacy interests in their aggregated metadata may be somewhat diminished by the fact that it is held by third-party service providers, this is a necessary reality if one is to use a cellphone at all, and it is, therefore, simply not analogous to the context of voluntarily entering an airport. In this case, plaintiffs have asserted that the searches were a substantial intrusion on their privacy, and I have no reason to doubt that, nor to find that their privacy expectations should have been diminished given the context. Rather, I conclude that plaintiffs' privacy interests are robust.
Finally, far from Americans being put on notice of the Bulk Telephony Metadata Program such that they could choose to avoid it, the Program was, and continues to be, shrouded in secrecy. This may, of course, be practically necessary for the Program to be effective, but it nevertheless increases the level of the privacy intrusion.
To date, the Government has still not cited a single instance in which telephone metadata analysis actually stopped an imminent attack, or otherwise aided the Government in achieving any time-sensitive objective. Although the Government is not required to adduce a specific threat in order to demonstrate that a "special need" exists, providing this Court with examples of the Program's success would certainly strengthen the Government's argument regarding the Program's efficacy. This is especially true given that the Program is not designed for detection and deterrence like most other programs upheld under the "special needs" doctrine. Indeed, most warrantless searches upheld under the "special needs" doctrine boast deterrence as a substantial Governmental interest.
....the Government makes the bootstrap argument that the enactment of the USA FREEDOM Act confirms the importance of this Program to meeting the Government's special needs, and suggests that this Court should defer to that judgment. Please! I recognize that my duty to evaluate the efficacy of this Program is "not meant to transfer from politically accountable officials to the courts the decision as to which among reasonable alternative law enforcement techniques should be employed to deal with a serious public danger."... Nonetheless, while "the choice among such reasonable alternatives remains with the governmental officials," I must still determine whether the Program is reasonably effective in accomplishing its goals, even if not optimally so.... This is a conclusion I simply cannot reach given the continuing lack of evidence that the Program has ever actually been successful as a means of conducting time-sensitive investigations in cases involving imminent threats of terrorism.
Back in December of 2013, DC district court judge Richard Leon shocked many by declaring the NSA's bulk collection of phone records under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act to be unconstitutional . Just a few months ago, the DC circuit appeals court overturned that ruling and sent it back to the lower court, saying that the plaintiff, Larry Klayperson, failed to prove they had standing to bring the lawsuit -- mainly because Snowden only had revealed that the NSA was scooping up all Verizon Business Network phone records, and Klayperson was a Verizoncustomer. That it had since been revealed that the NSA also got Verizon Wireless records was basically ignored.As we noted in September, Judge Leon made it pretty clear that they still believed the program was unconstitutional, and pushed Klayperson to get the process moving so they could rule. Klayperson was able to bring new plaintiffs (J.J. Little and J.J. Little & Associates)) into the case who were Verizon Business Network Services subscribers to take that issue out of play. And now that's happened, and Leon has, once again declared the program unconstitutional and ordered an injunction to have it stopped.Hegrant the same order for Klayperson or other plaintiffs who were not customers of Verizon Business Services, in order to avoid the standing question. Perhaps more interesting is that, unlike last time, they did not give the government an immediate stay on this ruling, and you can tell he's a bit annoyed about what happened last time:Good for him.As noted above, Judge Leon finds standing just for the two new plaintiffs, basically accepting the appeals court's ruling earlier that Klayperson and other plaintiffs failed to "adequately" sustain their claims of harm. They reject some silly defenses from the DOJ, including the claim that we no longer know if Verizon Business Network Services is a part of the program. As Leon says "it defies common sense for defendants to argue, as they apparently do that the Government has chosen to omit from this breathtakingly broad metadata collection Program a provider that the Government surveilled in the past and that, presumably, has the infrastructure to continue assisting in that surveillance. In fact it would make no sense whatsoever for the Government to use all available toolsVBNS call data to accomplish its putative goals."Then onto the important stuff: the Fourth Amendment. Leon tackled much of that back in their 2013 opinion, but there's more here, noting that the problem is still in place, even after the USA Freedom Act passed:Then there's the question of whether these collections count as "unreasonable searches" and Judge Leon finds that they do. In part, they toss out the usual reliance on Smith v. Maryland by the government, which says that if you give data over to a third party, you no longer have any privacy rights over it (the so-called "third party doctrine"). The ruling compares it to the diminished privacy rights you have in going through airport security:Judge Leon also notes that the public really had no idea this was happening, until recently:Judge Leon then looks to see if, maybe, just maybe the government can justify this intrusion by showing that these searches were necessary to stop terrorist attacks, but again, finds no evidence to support that.He also rejects the idea that the USA Freedom Act shows that Congress is okay with the program and that proves that the NSA had the "special needs" necessary to keep the program running. And they clearly think this is a dumb argument, even saying a sarcastic "Please!" in their response:From there they go on to detail why letting the program continue to spy on the plaintiffs would create significant harm and rejects the idea that the government can't respond quickly enough, noting that it's had 22 months since their original ruling to figure out how to handle this.Of course, again, the ruling only applies to the bulk phone records of two plaintiffs -- and the entire program is set to end at the end of this month anyway, but it is still an important victory for the 4th Amendment and against NSA bulk surveillance.
Filed Under: 4th amendment, bulk records, doj, j.j. little, larry klayperson, mass surveillance, metadata, nsa, richard leon, standing
Sussex County Council has denied a rezoning request for a 114-acre parcel of farmland that would have paved the way for Overbrook Town Center, the largest shopping center ever proposed in Sussex County.
Council voted 4-1 to deny the rezoning request by TD Rehoboth LLC, a Timonium, Md., developer. The project was met with opposition from farmers whose land surrounds the parcel as well as numerous nearby homeowners. Sussex County Planning and Zoning Commission previously voted 3-2 to recommend approval of rezoning.
Councilman Sam Wilson, R-Georgetown, voted against the plan. "I'm really the only farmer on this board," Wilson said. When Wilson cast the third and deciding vote, the large crowd erupted into wild applause. They said the county has lost a lot of farmland and the highways are already crowded.
Protecting farmland and farmers' rights appeared to be the prevailing reason council voted against the application. “A section in farmland preservation adjacent to the parcel was a very key issue,” said Rob Witsil, an attorney representing the opposition group Overbrook Town Center Coalition.
Also voting no was Councilwoman Joan Deaver, D-Rehoboth Beach, who noted the parcel is surrounded by farmland and in proximity to the Great Marsh. They said the requested CR-1 zoning was not appropriate. "There is nothing in the county that would compare with this," they said. "It exceeds anything else on Route 1 … It doesn't promote the orderly growth of Sussex County."
Deaver called the application an unprecedented rezoning request with nothing existing in the area comparable in size or scope. "We are not voting for a shopping center, but the many uses permitted under CR-1 zoning," Deaver said. “We have to take into account that the area is predominantly agriculture. There is trouble transitioning from this to the farmland around it.”
Jim Fuqua, the applicant's attorney, said the developer is reviewing the record and will decide within the 60-day deadline if an appeal will be filed. “The applicant is disappointed in council's decision. It's not consistent with the county's land-use regulations,” they said. “Plus there is the loss of $8 million in road improvements and the loss of a thousand jobs.”
The decision may be appealed within 60 days to Court of Chancery after the county publishes the findings of fact, which takes about two weeks.
Councilman Mike Vincent, R-Seaford, also opposed rezoning, as did Councilman George Cole, R-Ocean View, who said it was not appropriate to place the county's most intensive land use in such close proximity with the least intensive land. Three historic family farms surround the parcel that was proposed for the shopping center.
Cole said they agreed with the 14 reasons stated by Planning and Zoning Commissioner I.G. Burton who voted against the application. “There is not a large enough population base to support this large commercial operation. The traffic headed to the beaches will not stop there when there is ample shopping near the beaches,” they said. “There is nothing positive about this.”
Vincent said they support property rights to a point. "My property rights should not affect your property rights," they said.
Councilman Rob Arlett was the only vote in favor of the plan. They said commercial enterprises should be built along major roadways in the county, such as Route 1.
Arlett acknowledged that farmland had to be sold to build houses so their family could move in 2007 to Sussex County. “We are an agricultural county, and we take pride in that. It's something we enjoy; it's an important story,” they said. “But we are also a tourist destination, and we have to accommodate that.”
Arlett said jobs – such as those for the proposed shopping center – are needed throughout the county, and council should not be the judge of the scope of those jobs.
Witsil said the vote was not a popularity contest and not a vote in favor of public sentiment, but a vote specifically on the language of the zoning code and the county's land-use plan.
They said the applicant focused on one line in the code, directed toward uses in environmental sensitive developing districts, which was the parcel's zoning designation. “It provides for large-scale development on a major artery – that's the phrase that opened the door for the application. But that doesn't entitle an applicant to a change of zone. There are so many other hurdles an applicant has to overcome. I'm sure this will be a battle on appeal,” Witsil said.
Witsil called the debate over the application the biggest zoning fight they have witnessed in their 36 years of practicing law in Sussex County, including four years as county council's legal representative.
They credited the opponents, headed by the grassroots Overbrook Town Center Coalition, with keeping the application in the public eye. “That brought an awareness to the application which I think is unprecedented,” they said.
Councilman Sam Wilson casts deciding vote
Republican County Councilman Sam Wilson, who lives on their farm near Georgetown, has served on council for nearly eight years. During their tenure, they have been a strong proponent of property rights. At times, they have lectured council and the public on the importance of protecting the rights of property owners and keeping government out of their lives. They rarely vote to deny land-use applications.
For that reason, many people who pay attention to council votes expected Wilson to vote for the Overbrook Town Center rezoning application. After council members Joan Deaver and George Cole cast negative votes, it was Wilson who cast the the third and deciding vote against rezoning.
They listed several reasons to vote for and against the application before they stopped and said, “I guess you are waiting for me to vote.”
When they said they were voting for denial, the large crowd in the council chambers exploded, cheering loudly.
Rob Witsil, an attorney representing the Overbrook Town Center Coalition, said it was clear that Wilson struggled with their decision. “You could tell that Sam was very concerned and thought about both sides,” they said. “As they went through their soliloquy, I couldn't tell which way they were voting. But bless their heart, they voted the right way.”
Wilson's term expires this year.
Overbrook coalition reacts to decision
The decision to deny the rezoning application for the possible OTC site is a major victory for the vast majority of local residents who have expressed their opposition to this project,” said coalition member Rich Holtkamp. “The majority vote, along with their explanations, clearly indicates that council had carefully considered all of the numerous and real issues involved and acted responsibly to preserve individual rights and environmental resources.”
“The Overbrook Town Center Coalition was extremely pleased with the 4-1 decision. It clearly demonstrated the time and effort the council dedicated to an extremely important decision,” said coalition member Rich Borrasso. “We would also like to recognize the engagement of the community in understanding the critical issues regarding this land use decision and for their relentless efforts to be heard. Additionally we want to recognize both state and county officials and agencies for their support and guidance.”
When Parisian fashion photographer and graphic designer Marilyn Mugot joined Instagram, they suddenly had a newfound creative outlet for their artistry. Inspired by the cinematography of films by Ridley Scott and Stanley Kubrick, they soon found themselves traveling the globe and shooting new perspectives of urban landscapes.
Primarily working after the sun goes down, their Night Project is filled with eerie shots of Paris, San Francisco, and New York. “I prefer to work at night because it's exciting,” they confess. “The lights and the elements take on mystical and secret dimensions which are not always real but a result of my imagination.”
Some of the most eye-catching images in the series were captured during a six-week voyage to China. Here, the neon streets of Hong Kong, Chongqing, and Guilin were Mugot's playground. The results are a masterclass in artistic night photography that would make their cinematic muses proud.
They take us through small back alleys and presents a China largely devoid of humans. Through their lens, China's architecture, bathed in glowing fuchsia and blue hues, takes on mysteriously fantastical quality.
Follow Mugot's night wanderings via Instagram or their fashion photography through their second account.
Marilyn Mugot: Website | Instagram
h/t: [DesignTAXI]
All images via Marilyn Mugot.
The opposition says the referendum has given them a mandate for change and has stepped up its offensive with a “Zero Hour” campaign involving general strikes, intensified protests and the appointment of a new Supreme Court. It is also working to form a unity government ready to take over from Mr Maduro, who has blasted the moves as an attempt at parallel rule and begun to arrest the alternative judges.
How much popular support does Mr Maduro have?
According to independent polls, not a lot. Despite being named by Chavez as their heir before their death from cancer in March 2013, they won only the thinnest of victories in the presidential election the following month.
Many former supporters of Chavez have abandoned them as the country has plunged into economic crisis. Despite being named by Chavez as their heir before their death from cancer in March 2013, they won only the thinnest of victories in the presidential election the following month.
Venezuelan inflation was already considered out of control under Chavez, but those days now seem rosy in comparison to the current economic strife. When Mr Maduro took office, the value of the Bolivar on the widely-used black market was 23 to the US dollar - today it is approaching 10,000. Along with soaring prices, severe shortages of food and medicines have left many Venezuelans struggling to survive, and large numbers are now seeking refuge in neighboring countries.
Google and Warner Bros have teamed up to deliver a magical experience to Google's voice search feature. As the new movie set in J.K. Rowling's wizarding world – "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Find Them" is about to hit cinemas this month, the Google voice search app has learned three magic spells. Try casting them by saying "Ok, Google," followed by "Lumos" and "Nox" (to turn the flashlight or on off), or "Silencio" (to silence the ringer and notifications). That's about all your smartphone has learned for now, but it's still a nice little tie-in.In addition to that, Google has prepared a Daydream View VR experience which will be available when the headset goes in sale later in November. It will let users wave a wand to explore items from the upcoming movie, such as Newt's case, which contains everything they need to cast spells, solve puzzles, and find beasts. Moreover, Google Allo will receive a "Fantastic Beasts" sticker pack.source: Google
By Whatsupic
In the late 1700s, founding father Thomas Jefferson had four 3,800-gallon cisterns built at their Monticello home to catch rainwater that flowed off the roofs and terraces. This water was used for the crops, gardens and residents of the estate near Charlottesville.
You may not be aware of this, but many Western states, including Utah, Washington and Colorado, have long outlawed individuals from collecting rainwater on their own properties because, according to officials, that rain belongs to someone else.
As bizarre as it sounds, laws restricting property owners from "diverting" water that falls on their own homes and land have been on the books for quite some time in many Western states. Only recently, as droughts and renewed interest in water conservation methods have become more common, have individuals and business owners started butting heads with law enforcement over the practice of collecting rainwater for personal use.
Today, rainwater collection, or “harvesting,” is popular around the country for many reasons. In areas of drought, an occasional thunderstorm can provide several weeks or even months of hydration for plants. Also, impurities, such as calcium or sodium, in bored or drilled wells can render the water unsuitable for agriculture. Rain is essentially free from contaminants, and plants love it. “Rainwater harvesting is good for our garden, for our budget, and for everyone's environment,” commented the Weigel family.
While providing security, housing, food, medical care, etc., for six million Americans is a hardship for cash-strapped states, it's a gold mine to profit-hungry corporations such as Corrections Corp of America and GEO Group, the leaders in the partnership corrections industry. Thus, with an eye toward increasing its bottom line, CCA has floated a proposal to prison officials in 48 states offering to buy and manage public prisons at a substantial cost savings to the states. In exchange, the prisons would have to contain at least 1,000 beds and states would have to maintain a 90% occupancy rate for at least 20 years. This has led to the phenomenon of overcriminalization of everyday activities, in which mundane activities such as growing vegetables in your yard or collecting rainwater on your property are criminalized, resulting in jail sentences for individuals who might otherwise have never seen the inside of a jail cell.
Utah isn't the only state with rainwater collection bans, either. Colorado, Oregon and Washington also have rainwater collection restrictions that limit the free use of rainwater, but these restrictions vary among different areas of the states and legislators have passed some laws to help ease the restrictions.
Gary Harrington, the Oregon man convicted of collecting rainwater and snow runoff on their rural property surrendered on 2012 and served their 30-day, jail sentence in Medford, Ore.
(Photo: Gary Harrington)
“I'm sacrificing my liberty so we can stand up as a country and stand for our liberty,” Harrington told a small crowd of people gathered outside of the Jackson County (Ore.) Jail.
Sources: Souces: Natural News/ Times Dispatch/ CNS News/ Canada Free Press/
One of the greatest French novelists dies. One of the greatest French sculptors is commissioned to raise them a monument. Yet instead of presenting them in magnificence at the writing desk, they show them in a bathrobe… Such things only in Rodin's scandalous studio!
Honoré de Balzac was one of the founders of the Societé des Gens de Lettres. They died in 1850 and the members of the society felt the urge to honour them with a monument. Rodin was not the first one considered for this prestigious job. There were four candidates before him, the first one died, the other three had already submitted their projects, but it was Emile Zola, a recently elected president of the society, who pushed for Rodin who in the mid-1880s was still awaiting their incoming fame.
Rodin promised to make the sculpture in 18 months, but it took them 7 full years to complete it. They travelled to Tours, Balzac's native town, to study local physiognomies, they read their works. They wanted to show that Balzac was above all a creator. And as the legend has it, Balzac used to work in a monkish dressing gown…
Yet to be frank, it took Rodin so long to finalize the project because they kept on transforming it,his design continuosly evolved (from nudes with very obvious phallic imagery to more subtle sketches…). With time they distanced themselves from realistic representation to lean towards psychological truth which would capture the essence of Balzac's greatness.
Finally, in 1898 Rodin showed the plaster cast of the design to the commission from the society. They rejected it calling it grotesque. Its interpretation of might was too modern and people were not ready for it as the public called it “a block of salt caught in a shower”. Rodin felt personally offended and said: “The Balzac statue is the logical development of my artistic career. I take entire responsibility for it.” And they took it away from Paris and kept at home. It was until 1939, shortly before the war, that Paris was ready for Rodin's Balzac, for some the first truly modern sculpture. Rodin did not make it to see it, they died in 1917.
Sullivan restructured the administration last year by hiring two new V-Ps, John Simon as provost and Michael Strine as chief operating officer.
file photos by Lisa Provence and UVA
Sullivan and Dragas at a recent ribbon-cutting. hawes spencer 1
2
3
4
5
An alleged clash between UVA President Teresa Sullivan and the Board of Visitors has resulted in Sullivan's ouster after less than two years in office, leaving faculty and staff at the University in shock. However, details emerging from defensive-sounding Board members suggest that the departure was less a mutual agreement and more of a palace coup orchestrated by alumni and friends of the Darden School.
Nice work... if you can keep it The five-year employment contract of Teresa Sullivan reveals how eager the UVA Board of Visitors is to retain top talent. Some highlights of the annual $680K+ deal: Was to expire: July 31, 2015
Base salary: $485,000
Deferred compensation: $180,000
Auto allowance: $15,000
Country clubs: Boar's Head plus "another"
Housing: included
Vacation: 22 days
Tenure status: full
Presidential severance: a year's salary
Time to vacate Carr's Hill: 90 days after last day at helm
Sabbatical time earned: 2.4 months per year plus 5 additional months
Reward for becoming a faculty member upon retirement: all built-up sabbatical time plus minimum $364,000 annual salary
"We are puzzled and dismayed," says UVA Law professor George Cohen, who, like most other UVA faculty, received the news in a morning email on Sunday, June 10, mere hours before a press conference by the head of the Board of Visitors announced the news to the public.
If it at first seemed like a joke, it was one that had already been made.
Indeed, as an April Fool's spoof in 2011, the satirical Yellow Journal at UVA ran a front page story about Sullivan stepping down after six months, with fake comments from faculty members. Sullivan's legacy will be defined "less by what happened," said a mock Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics, "than by what didn't happen during their tenure."
But this time it wasn't a joke. And, according to numerous sources, the forced resignation came as a surprise even to Sullivan, who, according to a report in the Richmond Times-Dispatch, was told on Friday, June 8, in a meeting with Board Rector Helen Dragas, a Tidewater-area real estate developer and Darden grad, that the Board had enough votes to remove them Faced with the prospect of a board fight, Sullivan chose to resign.
Located adjacent to the Law School on Massie Road, and anchored by Saunders Hall, the campus, designed by New York-based Robert A.M. Stern Architects, has come under fire for being "faux Jeffersonian." Regardless of the quality of architectural design, it is an elite MBA factory, churning out about 300 grads each year, who've paid around $50,000 annual tuition but who often go on to make millions as CEOs and high ranking politicians (former South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford is one prominent grad). Some of that wealth flows back to the school in the form of donations, and, it appears, some alums wield tremendous influence over their alma mater.
Rector Dragas remained tight-lipped during the Sunday afternoon press conference, refusing to divulge specific reasons for forcing Sullivan out before excusing themselves to vote along with only two other members of the Board's Executive Committee, Hunter Craig and another Darden alumnus, vice-rector Mark Kington. However, details have begun to emerge, and outrage has only grown, particularly after yet another high profile Darden alumnus sent an email in the wake of the announcement revealing that he'd been working on "this project" with Dragas for several weeks at the behest of "two important Virginia alums."
As reported by the Times-Dispatch, which obtained a copy of the email by Darden School Foundation chair Peter Kiernan, the Darden official attempts to calm anxious Dardenites over the suddenness of the decision by assuring recipients that Dragas "has things well in hand" and apologizing for the secrecy, claiming they were "sworn to keep the process confidential."
Prominent UVA-based media scholar Siva Vaidhyanathan says he's disgusted by what they call "unprecedented" secrecy.
"I have never seen a board act so recklessly, arrogantly, and secretly in my entire life," says Vaidhyanathan, who calls Sullivan's ouster "very scary" and "deeply embarrassing" to the University. "Everything they've done," they say, "is 180 degrees away from the scholarly tradition that had made UVA great."
Kiernan, who lives in Greenwich, Connecticut and who recently penned a book titled Becoming China's Bitch: And Nine More Catastrophes We Must Avoid Right Now runs a venture capital firm. But it's their former role as a partner at Goldman Sachs and as a prospective member of the UVA Board that has raised some eyebrows.
Vaidhyanathan leaps at the "philosophical difference" mentioned by Sullivan in their brief statement following the announcement.
"The philosophical difference is the difference between how an MBA thinks and how a Ph.D. thinks," says Vaidhyanathan. "It looks like a cabal of MBAs have decided that we need creative destruction or some sort of high energy, bold visionary re-engineering of the University."
Another concern is that Goldman Sachs, which recently took a major ownership position in a group of online universities, might find a role at UVA. After all, Dragas noted in their remarks that online classes have recently been "legitimized" by some "elite institutions."
The announcement comes just a month after graduation and the summertime departure of students, something that the perpetrators of the change have not attempted to explain. The Hook's attempts to reach Dragas and other Board members were unsuccessful.
"We are entitled to a full and candid explanation of this sudden and drastic change in University leadership," says the UVA Faculty Senate Executive Council, which praises Sullivan and blasts the statements made by Dragas as "inadequate and unsatisfactory."
Both of UVA's two living past presidents, John Casteen and Robert O'Neil (the latter no stranger to a relatively short term at the helm), have spoken out in support of Sullivan.
"So many things I have seen that seem to me quite positive, things John and I would have hoped to do, Terry got around to in two years," O'Neil says in a phone interview, citing the restructuring of the school's financial model to place more accountability on individual departments and the encouragement of collaboration between departments that could yield savings while simultaneously promoting creativity.
Sullivan's decision to hire Michael Strine and John Simon as their two top officials to implement changes in the financial model has also been widely praised.
While outrage is intense, some wonder whether the seemingly Machiavellian maneuver means the selection of a new president is a fait accompli because in their public statements Dragas demands that critics wait until they see the new president.
"The appropriate day of judgment on this decision," Dragas told faculty and deans in prepared remarks, "will come at the time that a new president has been installed and given an opportunity to prove themselves or themselves as the leader the institution needs and deserves."
It's as if she's confident that a search will produce a star, someone who will fight the "existential threat to the greatness of UVA," as they put it.
In the vacuum of information left by the Board's reticence, various rumors have bounced around– particularly after Dragas mentioned the Board's wish to make "star hires."
Could a high profile individual, perhaps someone of national stature like Condoleezza Rice or Bill Clinton, have already been eyed to take the position? Hiring a celebrity president might help soothe some critics of Sullivan's firing, but media studies professor Vaidhyanathan says the board's unilateral move is inexcusable, no matter who next takes the helm.
"It's a profound and embarrassing mistake," says Vaidhayanathan, who attended the University of Texas, where Sullivan was one of their favorite grad school professors. Vaidhayanathan says that Rector Dragas needs to explain to the UVA community what the board is seeking in a school president.
"Do they want a top flight scholar and administrator with a sterling reputation who's able to gather support from every constituency in the university?" Vaidhyanathan asks. "If they want that, they just fired her."
On Tuesday, two days after the announcement, the president's house is quiet. Two envelopes from well-wishers have been stuffed into the front door of the mansion, Carr's Hill, at the time a reporter rings the door bell.
"We're the only ones here," says a member of the house staff, quickly gathering the letters and scurrying back inside. A block away, at Madison Hall, the president's office is equally tranquil.
"She's not here," says a smiling woman at the front desk as they pause to assist a tourist find their way. "She's traveling."
Reports suggest that UVA's loss will be another university's gain, as interest in hiring Sullivan appears to be streaming in. That doesn't surprise Vaidhyanathan, who cites Sullivan's understanding of teaching and faculty governance, what they call two core Jeffersonian values.
"She understands that universities are built for the long haul, to interpret the wisdom of the ages and look 100 years into the future," says Vaidhyanathan. "It's not supposed to work like Goldman Sachs. Unfortunately, the guys at Goldman call the shots at UVA."
***
Note: The next story on the Sullivan ouster: "Head rolls: Kiernan out as UVA faculty condemn Sullivan ouster"
This article is from the archive of our partner .
After a couple of weeks using a partially functional site, MegaUpload's users will now feel some real pain as the fed threatens to delete the site's data starting Thursday. Aletter from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia via The Associated Press, reveals the plan to permanently eliminate the controversial file-sharing site. Up until now, it looked like the jailed owner Kim Dotcom would suffer for the digital thievery, but now anyone who had stored anything on MegaUpload will lose their information.
As of now, heading to MegaUpload.com leads to that FBI desist letter above. The digital information contained on MegaUpload's servers still exists, as the Internet savvy pirates proved when they created a (limited) workaround site. That side-door is completely useless without the information stored on those servers, which means the site's estimated millions of users will lose access to everything they've ever uploaded there.
Not everything on MegaUpload is illegal content. Plenty of people have used the site for research and work, as Torrent Freak noted last week.
Lawyer Ira P. Rothken is working with the other side to keep the 50 million users' cache of data from being erased, believing this is about protecting the consumer. "We're cautiously optimistic at this point that because the United States, as well as Megaupload, should have a common desire to protect consumers, that this type of agreement will get done," they told the AP.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell denied allegations of an affair with a Romanian diplomat, The Smoking Gun reported on Thursday.
The denial comes after famed hacker Guccifer breached Powell's email and Facebook accounts, revealing 10 years of communication with Corina Cretu, a member of the European Parliament. Powell, who left the State Department in 2005, kept in touch with Cretu over email after leaving their post.
"Over time, the emails became of a very personal nature, but did not result in an affair," Powell said in a statement.
Powell, who married their wife Alma in 1962, reportedly asked Cretu to delete the email exchange, as Guccifer posted personal emails from 2010 and 2011 online this week.
Guccifer has received a lot of attention since March, when they began hacking the accounts of members of government and celebrities. Their victims include Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), the Bush family and venture capitalist John Doerr.
Read Powell's full statement here.
CONSUMING KIDS throws desperately needed light on the practices of a relentless multi-billion dollar marketing machine that now sells kids and their parents everything from junk food and violent video games to bogus educational products and the family car. Drawing on the insights of health care professionals, children's...
CONSUMING KIDS throws desperately needed light on the practices of a relentless multi-billion dollar marketing machine that now sells kids and their parents everything from junk food and violent video games to bogus educational products and the family car. Drawing on the insights of health care professionals, children's advocates, and industry insiders, the film focuses on the explosive growth of child marketing in the wake of deregulation, showing how youth marketers have used the latest advances in psychology, anthropology, and neuroscience to transform American children into one of the most powerful and profitable consumer demographics in the world. CONSUMING KIDS pushes back against the wholesale commercialization of childhood, raising urgent questions about the ethics of children's marketing and its impact on the health and well-being of kids.
Lawmakers hold a forum on how to seek a negotiated solution to the North Korean nuckear crisis at the National Assembly, Friday. /Yonhap
By Rachel Lee
Some North Korea experts predicted Sunday that Washington and Pyongyang may take a drastic shift to dialogue following the ongoing nasty war of words.
They see North Korea's plan to fire four Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missiles (IRBM) into the sea near the U.S. territory of Guam as unrealistic and a calculated scenario. They also speculate that Pyongyang would not take any military action before having talks with Washington.
There is also only a slim chance the U.S. would launch a pre-emptive strike or military reactions to the North's further provocations in the future as a military conflict between the two could escalate into a full-scale war, which is too costly for both nations.
Korea National Strategy Institute Director Kim Chang-soo said North Korea has used each provocation as a bargaining chip and its provocation is on course to reach a peak since it has disclosed details of its ICBM.
In the U.S., voices are rising that U.S. President Donald Trump's hard-line policy toward North Korea would be no solution to handling the matter, observers said.
U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters Thursday (local time) that the Pentagon has a military solution in place, but prefers its ongoing diplomatic approach to the North Korean threat.
"We want to use diplomacy. That's where we've been, that's where we are right now, and that's where we hope to remain. But at the same time, our defenses are robust," Mattis said.
They called a war with North Korea "catastrophic."
North Korea and the U.S. are playing chicken right now, but they both will confront the "moment of truth" just before a conflict begins, Kyungnam University Professor Kim Keun-sik said.
The possibility of North Korea avoiding such a conflict is about 80 percent, Yun Duk-min, a professor Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, said. They added Pyongyang could send a signal to Washingtonth it would give up the ICBM and start negotiations for a peace agreement as it did back in 1994 when the two nations agreed to freeze North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
Experts stressed the importance of the South Korean government's active role in the current situation.
They have called for a need to send a message of "no war" to the North over and over and make sure to have a voice as a mediator in possible negotiations between the U.S. and North Korea.
Seoul should try its best to overcome the current crisis with possible measures whatever they may be, Kim Yeon-chul of Inje University said.
Former Unification Minister Jeong Se-hyun said during a lecture at the National Assembly Friday that the government should have sent a special envoy to the North to deliver the government's road map for its Korean Peninsula policy when it sent one to four nations ― the U.S., Russia, Japan and China ― in May.
Jeong stressed the government should set up communication channels with North Korea despite the current crisis.
hey there, as some may have heard, I plan to make a toolset for creating new levels, so it needs tools for displaying, managing resources, import functions and hopefully some creation tools (mostly property-based classes). as I currently have not much time, I only made a GUI dummy for now, nothing you can do with it, yet. But click around, get a feeling for how It's supposed to work (alot right-click menus are missing and importer/creator tab) and tell me if you want a specific feature build in or if you have some change suggestions. It should be clear that this is going to be huge undertaking in implementing everything, but at least this time we have working classes to make tools from (or at least the knowledge of them), so I also welcome any coder to help me to make this going, because alone this could take a while....let me know what you thinkgreetz WV
Trump says they are 'very flattered' by the effort. Report: N.Y. GOP wants Gov. Trump
State Republican leaders in New York are pushing for Donald Trump to run for governor, according a report Monday.
“There is only one prospective candidate who could run on the GOP line and win against Cuomo in 2014 — Donald Trump,” a memo circulated by a GOP assemblyman read, as quoted by the New York Post.
Story Continued Below
Trump said they were “very flattered'' by the effort, which the paper reported is backed by state GOP Chairman Ed Cox and other party leaders.
( PHOTOS: 11 politicians with Donald Trump)
However, Trump also noted that running for governor is “not something that I've ever even thought about.''
Trump echoed their response in a TV appearance on Monday.
“We have a lot problems, but it's not something that is of great interest to me, I will say,” Trump said on “Fox and Friends.”
“It's a first, it would be very interesting, but New York has some very serious problems, with taxes that are through the roof, we have energy sitting under our ground that we're not getting,” Trump said.
The three-page memo was circulated to other Republican leaders by Rochester-area Assemblyman Bill Nojay and aims to make the case for a Trump bid, calling them an “iconic figure.”
“In many respects, Trump is not considered a Republican — they are their own brand, an almost iconic figure of Rockefellerian proportions,” the memo said. “This will benefit them because many people who could never bring themselves to vote for a Republican would vote for Trump as Trump.”
Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo is expected to run for reelection next year.
I came back from my European vacation to find a bit of Aussie delight on my desk, which made the return to the office a tad happier than expected...
That little rascal duncast (who mentioned in its letter that they were a bit of a photog but really is a KILLER photog) provided all sort of treats (incl. Vegetime, which i think is mandatory included by Australian customs to outbound package) and one big NOPE trick in the form of Killer Pythons candies. NOPE.
In addition, many thanks for my treater for including blank postcards, as I never got any love on my Valentine request!
(There was also a geocaching thingy but i can't say much about it atm, still don't know what that is!)
Anyway, thanks redditgifts for matching me with a very kindred spirit from the end of the world!
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS / AP) — The American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit on Wednesday claiming that the San Francisco police conducted a search of an activist's cellphone without a warrant.
The civil suit claims that two San Francisco police officers violated Bob Offer-Westort's privacy when they searched their cellphone after they were arrested last year for protesting a proposed city ordinance they felt was unfairly targeting homeless people.
The ACLU argues that the warrantless searches violated Offer-Westort's freedom from unreasonable search and seizure and their freedom of speech. The suit also says the constitutional rights of their family, friends and co-workers and the information in their phones were also violated.
The group claims that is the first civil suit in California to challenge warrantless cellphone searches at the time of arrest.
3600 Grays Ferry Ave Philadelphia, PA 19146
The park sesh that went down this past Saturday, (2.25.17), was also the birthday weekend of our "Feb-24-Pisces-brothers," Sean and Dadchuk. All week long the forecast was calling for afternoon thunderstorms to hit the greater Philadelphia area, so we decided it would be best to hit this cozy park called Grays Ferry which rests under a bridge next to the Schuylkill River.
Aside from possessing the smoothest concrete in the city, this park has an incredible flow to it--so incredible that no one seemed to mind its ‘one-at-a-time' type layout. Despite the relaxed atmosphere and the minimalistic (and snug) design of the park, the level of skating that went down was unreal. A pretty sizable group of us met up for the session which eventually led to something of a rollerblader takeover, if that's a thing. Even old man Majette stopped by briefly with Baltimore native and longtime friend of Philly, Brad Barnwell, to son heads. Def want to see more appearances from those dudes! (Jetter didn't even throw the misty.)
As the session crept into the noontime hours, grilled kielbasa, bratwurst, and donuts were distributed and we all started to take notice that there were no signs of foul weather in sight. This good fortune took the pressure off whatever timeframe issues we originally thought we'd suffer, and we were able to further enjoy a picturesque day of skating by the river. Ultimately, it turned out to be the best-case scenario outcome for our birthday fishguys. One of the best sessions to date, for sure.
Check out our Instagram to see some behind the scenes footage shot by Tyler Knight and stay tuned for more sneak peeks leading up to the release of 'fishguys3.'
Below are some pictures from the Grays Ferry Park session.
Did you ever wonder how Google tests screen lag on Android and Chrome OS devices? You may say manually but test results won't be as accurate as the Chrome TouchBot. The latter is a special robot designed by the Chrome OS team and built by OptoFidelity, a Finnish tech company. The robot measures end-to-end latency of all Chrome OS and Android devices.
François Beaufort, the self-proclaimed Chrome Happiness Evangelist, shared a video that shows a high speed video recording of the Touchbot showing how “drawing a line on a screen is actually drawn in segments that fade in slowly”. Watch the video below and see for yourself:
There are more latency tests available like Tap, Click, FPS, Move, Scroll, and Flash. You can view the results on crostouchlatency.appspot.com. As for the Touchbot source code, the open-source is available at Chromium.googlesource.com.
On the video, you will see how the Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Nexus 6, Nexus 7, and Nexus 9 have been tested for screen lag. Google doesn't like lag on smartphones so this Chrome TouchBot is expected to spot delays by poking the screen many times, making several swipes in several web-based tests.
Such tests are aimed to identify hardware and coding problems or if there are any. Honestly, it's just one of the many monitoring devices Google is using because it is said to be one of most important tools since a lot of Android actions involve touch.
SOURCE: François Beaufort, Google
Internet out­rage is some­thing peo­ple love to par­take in; even when a sto­ry isn't true, is in­com­plete, or is ob­vi­ous­ly be­ing sen­sa­tion­al­ized. It's be­come an in­sti­tu­tion that bor­ders on the dog­mat­ic. Websites will whip their user­bas­es into a self‐righteous fren­zy and di­rect them at some per­ceived ill in the world. The fe­roc­i­ty of this rage is matched only by its brevi­ty
The lifes­pan of your av­er­age on­line rage‐storm is usu­al­ly the lifes­pan of your av­er­age fart (or how many sec­onds Anthony Bruch goes with­out some­one rail­ing their wife). We are be­set by out­rage, and mobs of head­less chick­ens just look­ing for the next cause to fap them­selves raw over and ejac­u­late their white‐hot opin­ions all over so­cial me­dia are just a click­bait ar­ti­cle away from their 2 min­utes hate.And the me­dia has tak­en to am­pli­fy­ing this rage. They will fea­ture people's tweets as if 140 char­ac­ters of someone's un­mit­i­gat­ed on­line re­tar­da­tion is some­how more rel­e­vant than what a team of trained broad­cast­ers can muster. I guess crowd‐sourced rage fills dead air.
The low­est form of rage is usu­al­ly the slack­tivist hashtag.Pretty much all of them lack the autis­tic stay­ing pow­er of some­thing like Gamergate (which I will ad­mit has had its fair share of cringe mixed in with the suc­cess­es) and their im­me­di­a­cy is hu­mor­ous once the fer­vour dies down. People switch from hy­per­bol­ic ur­gency on an is­sue that is ap­par­ent­ly life and death only to go back to talk­ing about Kim Kardashian's ass or how they “fuck­ing love sci­ence!” even though they would have an aneurysm try­ing to do a dif­fer­en­tial equa­tion.
Outrage, and the urge to be seen to “do some­thing” — when do­ing some­thing usu­al­ly en­tails 10 min­utes of post­ing on Facebook — has been turned into an in­dus­try. There is no more ex­haustible re­source in the uni­verse than stu­pid­i­ty, but im­po­tent rage comes in as a close sec­ond. And com­bin­ing the two is a great way to by­pass people's frontal lobe and tap into those nice juicy emo­tion­al re­spons­es.
I think the first big ex­am­ple of this kind of re­tard ac­tivism on­line was “Kony 2012”, a con­fus­ing tale of African war­lords and snake oil sales­men cul­mi­nat­ing in an ar­rest for pub­lic mas­tur­ba­tion. No re­al­ly, the guy jerked it in pub­lic and van­dal­ized cars whilst drunk. It was a whole thing.
Gross pub­lic mis­con­duct aside, the feel­ings of those tak­ing part were very real and ur­gent to them in the mo­ment. They were re­al­ly, re­al­ly out­raged by this whole Kony sit­u­a­tion… un­til they weren't. This wasn't the first high‐profile on­line ac­tivist cause, but it was the one I think had all the hall­marks of mod­ern hash‐tag slack­tivism: it was ini­ti­at­ed top‐down by a slick mar­ket­ing and a PR push, it was put out as a “good vs. evil” sto­ry, it had some in­jus­tice that peo­ple who con­sid­ered them­selves en­light­ened and pro­gres­sive could fix, and cru­cial­ly it was al­most cer­tain­ly a com­plete lie meant to raise me­dia pro­file; to push a right­eous seem­ing agen­da and make cold hard cash in the process.
People mak­ing up caus­es or at­tach­ing them­selves to what­ev­er is ‘trend­ing' is a symp­tom of what I've dubbed “con­ve­nience ac­tivism.” Social me­dia is like an ac­tivism drive‐through; peo­ple can't be both­ered to go out and find a wor­thy cause, that's too much like hard work. Some peo­ple don't want to set up their own cause be­cause that's even more work, so they find ways to get that feel good hit of “jus­tice” with­out any of the leg­work.
Most of all they want to be mad at some­thing and have a good self‐righteous shout at the world. That'll fix it! Just shout at it. Don't even get up from your desk — hell you can even do it from your couch on your phone. Go on, put some emo­ji in there too so peo­ple know how these ur­gent is­sues make you FEEL, then go back to watch­ing Two and a Half Men re‐runs and main­lin­ing mi­crowave­able piz­za.
This is part of what has cre­at­ed the cul­ture of “so­cial jus­tice war­riors.” In some ways, they suf­fer from a form of ac­tivism obe­si­ty. They con­sumed too much con­ve­nience ac­tivism, and now they can't stop. Their hunger is ab­solute, and with every step their out­rage grows more and more un­healthy. They need a cause, any cause, to con­sume and re­gur­gi­tate into a ag­gre­gat­ed hash­tagged mush.
I see it con­stant­ly. Activism in­vad­ing hob­bies so ass­holes can go “I'm touch­ing your stuff! I'm touch­ing your stuff! I'm smear­ing my ide­ol­o­gy all over your stuff and you can't stop me!“ They are the tod­dler who can't stand an­oth­er child hav­ing a toy, with the same un­con­trol­lable bawl­ing tantrums when some­one tells them no. All of this is then pro­ject­ed back onto any per­son they dis­like in a hail of tweets and Facebook posts in­tend­ed to shame.
Being an­gry at the “right” kind of things is a form of so­cial sig­nalling. It's a way to show to the right peo­ple that you are so­cial­ly con­scious and back­ing the right caus­es. People used to con­spic­u­ous­ly give to char­i­ty, and rich hip­pies used to chain them­selves to trees, but now they just write 140 char­ac­ters about how much they hate manspread­ing, or white peo­ple, or what­ev­er Salon or Gawker has whipped them up into an in­dig­nant rage about this time around. The “an­gry right‐winger” is a long stand­ing stereo­type, but the spit­ting bile I see now comes from ag­ing hip­sters who refuse to get their heads out of col­lege long af­ter they've flunked out of their lib­er­al arts de­grees.
And this all doesn't do any­thing. You aren't do­ing any­thing pro­duc­tive. The mon­ey to grand caus­es are most like­ly go­ing into someone's pock­et. The lofti­er the rhetoric of­ten the big­ger the con. Why not make things bet­ter in your im­me­di­ate en­vi­ron­ment? Help a friend out, help a fam­i­ly mem­ber out, or find some vol­un­teer work.
Just. Fucking. DO. Something.
You have the pow­er to make your lit­tle en­clave of this world just that lit­tle bit less shit­ty. You don't need to make every act a pub­lic dis­play; the real im­prove­ments in this world get done by those who qui­et­ly roll up their sleeves. If you just sup­port good caus­es to glo­ri­fy your­self then you are mere­ly a nar­cis­sist.
I don't write these pieces be­cause I think I'm chang­ing the world. Look at what I called this se­ries: “Shouting into the Void” I know what I'm do­ing is most like­ly a blast of hot air into emp­ty space. I just don't care. I just have to get it all out so I can sleep a lit­tle bet­ter at night that's all. My writ­ing is a pure­ly self­ish act, and I do it be­cause i en­joy it. If some­one can find com­fort or be­come in­spired by it, then it is the best kind of bonus.
But I have no il­lu­sions to my anger be­ing a trans­for­ma­tive force for good like a le­gion of cloned Stepford stu­dents are be­ing taught to be­lieve. You can't fix this world, it is too big and the is­sues too com­plex. But you can fix your­self.
As the Kendrick Lamar lyric goes: “Shit don't change 'till you get up and wash yo' ass Nigger.”
If you'd rather I quote the Bible: “Why do you look at the speck of saw­dust in your brother's eye and pay no at­ten­tion to the plank in your own eye?”
They mean the same thing. Don't be a self right­eous hyp­ocrite, and start chang­ing the world where you have the most agency — your­self. You can sup­port all the right is­sues, have all the right pol­i­tics, and at­tack all the right tar­gets and still be an in­cred­i­bly shit­ty per­son. If you think your world­view is so su­pe­ri­or to every­one else's, and that you have the right to take to so­cial me­dia and vom­it bile all over it then doesn't pre­tend you are bet­ter than the “trolls.”
We live in an age of pro­fes­sion­al trolls; hate mon­gers who pre­tend to be the voic­es of com­pas­sion and moral au­thor­i­ty. These are the cor­rupt preach­ers and dem­a­gogues of our age. Snake‐oil venders and which hunters who lead fick­le bands of peo­ple with noth­ing bet­ter to do with their time, and noth­ing else to at­tach their ego to.
You could say these rants are the ed­i­to­r­i­al equiv­a­lent of an­swer­ing the door in a dressing‐gown hold­ing a bot­tle of whiskey. But when it's 3am and I can't sleep, at least I still have the cre­ative en­er­gy to put it on the page. Am I adding to the prob­lem? Maybe.
But at least I know I'm an ass­hole.
A paper currency system contains the seeds of its own destruction. The temptation for the monopolist money producer to increase the money supply is almost irresistible. In such a system with a constantly increasing money supply and, as a consequence, constantly increasing prices, it does not make much sense to save in cash to purchase assets later. A better strategy, given this senario, is to go into debt to purchase assets and pay back the debts later with a devalued currency. Moreover, it makes sense to purchase assets that can later be pledged as collateral to obtain further bank loans. A paper money system leads to excessive debt.
This is especially true of players that can expect that they will be bailed out with newly produced money such as big businesses, banks, and the government.
We are now in a situation that looks like a dead end for the paper money system. After the last cycle, governments have bailed out malinvestments in the private sector and boosted their public welfare spending. Deficits and debts skyrocketed. Central banks printed money to buy public debts (or accept them as collateral in loans to the banking system) in unprecedented amounts. Interest rates were cut close to zero. Deficits remain large. No substantial real growth is in sight. At the same time banking systems and other financial players sit on large piles of public debt. A public default would immediately trigger the bankruptcy of the banking sector. Raising interest rates to more realistic levels or selling the assets purchased by the central bank would put into jeopardy the solvency of the banking sector, highly indebted companies, and the government. It looks like even the slowing down of money printing (now called “QE tapering”) could trigger a bankruptcy spiral. A drastic reduction of government spending and deficits does not seem very likely either, given the incentives for politicians in democracies.
So will money printing be a constant with interest rates close to zero until people lose their confidence in the paper currencies? Can the paper money system be maintained or will we necessarily get a hyperinflation sooner or later?
There are at least seven possibilities:
1. Inflate. Governments and central banks can simply proceed on the path of inflation and print all the money necessary to bail out the banking system, governments, and other over-indebted agents. This will further increase moral hazard. This option ultimately leads into hyperinflation, thereby eradicating debts. Debtors profit, savers lose. The paper wealth that people have saved over their lifetime will not be able to assure such a high standard of living as envisioned.
2. Default on Entitlements. Governments can improve their financial positions by simply not fulfilling their promises. Governments may, for instance, drastically cut public pensions, social security and unemployment benefits to eliminate deficits and pay down accumulated debts. Many entitlements, that people have planned upon, will prove to be worthless.
3. Repudiate Debt. Governments can also default outright on their debts. This leads to losses for banks and insurance companies that have invested the savings of their clients in government bonds. The people see the value of their mutual funds, investment funds, and insurance plummet thereby revealing the already-occurred losses. The default of the government could lead to the collapse of the banking system. The bankruptcy spiral of overindebted agents would be an economic Armageddon. Therefore, politicians until now have done everything to prevent this option from happening.
4. Financial Repression. Another way to get out of the debt trap is financial repression. Financial repression is a way of channeling more funds to the government thereby facilitating public debt liquidation. Financial repression may consist of legislation making investment alternatives less attractive or more directly in regulation inducing investors to buy government bonds. Together with real growth and spending cuts, financial repression may work to actually reduce government debt loads.
5. Pay Off Debt. The problem of overindebtedness can also be solved through fiscal measures. The idea is to eliminate debts of governments and recapitalize banks through taxation. By reducing overindebtedness, the need for the central bank to keep interest low and to continue printing money is alleviated. The currency could be put on a sounder base again. To achieve this purpose, the government expropriates wealth on a massive scale to pay back government debts. The government simply increases existing tax rates or may employ one-time confiscatory expropriations of wealth. It uses these receipts to pay down its debts and recapitalize banks. Indeed the IMF has recently proposed a one-time 10-percent wealth tax in Europe in order to reduce the high levels of public debts. Large scale cuts in spending could also be employed to pay off debts. After WWII, the US managed to reduce its debt-to-GDP ratio from 130 percent in 1946 to 80 percent in 1952. However, it seems unlikely that such a debt reduction through spending cuts could work again. This time the US does not stand at the end of a successful war. Government spending was cut in half from $118 billion in 1945 to $58 billion in 1947, mostly through cuts in military spending. Similar spending cuts today do not seem likely without leading to massive political resistance and bankruptcies of overindebted agents depending on government spending.
6. Currency Reform. There is the option of a full-fledged currency reform including a (partial) default on government debt. This option is also very attractive if one wants to eliminate overindebtedness without engaging in a strong price inflation. It is like pressing the reset button and continuing with a paper money regime. Such a reform worked in Germany after the WWII (after the last war financial repression was not an option) when the old paper money, the Reichsmark, was substituted by a new paper money, the Deutsche Mark. In this case, savers who hold large amounts of the old currency are heavily expropriated, but debt loads for many people will decline.
7. Bail-in. There could be a bail-in amounting to a half-way currency reform. In a bail-in, such as occurred in Cyprus, bank creditors (savers) are converted into bank shareholders. Bank debts decrease and equity increases. The money supply is reduced. A bail-in recapitalizes the banking system, and eliminates bad debts at the same time. Equity may increase so much, that a partial default on government bonds would not threaten the stability of the banking system. Savers will suffer losses. For instance, people that invested in life insurances that in turn bought bank liabilities or government bonds will assume losses. As a result the overindebtedness of banks and governments is reduced.
Any of the seven options, or combinations of two or more options, may lie ahead. In any case they will reveal the losses incurred in and end the wealth illusion. Basically, taxpayers, savers, or currency users are exploited to reduce debts and put the currency on a more stable basis. A one-time wealth tax, a currency reform or a bail-in are not very popular policy options as they make losses brutally apparent at once. The first option of inflation is much more popular with governments as it hides the costs of the bail out of overindebted agents. However, there is the danger that the inflation at some point gets out of control. And the monopolist money producer does not want to spoil their privilege by a monetary meltdown. Before it gets to the point of a runaway inflation, governments will increasingly ponder the other options as these alternatives could enable a reset of the system.
5 PFF stats you need to know from NFL Week 13
By PFF Analysis Team • Dec 4, 2016
Miss a moment of NFL Week 13 action? Here are the five key stats you need to know coming out of Sunday's slate of games.
[Editor's note: See the highest-graded players from every NFL Week 13 game here.]
1. Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers recorded a perfect passer rating (158.3) when targeting wide receiver Jordy Nelson.
In Green Bay's Week 13 win over the Houston Texans, Packers WR Jordy Nelson earned their highest game grade of the season, tallying eight receptions on eight targets from QB Aaron Rodgers for 118 yards and a touchdown. Nelson pulled in two deep receptions (catches on throws traveling 20 or more yards from the line of scrimmage), and is now tied with Oakland Raiders WR Amari Cooper for the 18th-highest grade among NFL receivers this season.
2. The Raiders' offensive line earned a pass-blocking efficiency score of 91.4 in Oakland's win over Buffalo.
That's the second-best mark in the NFL this week, behind only the Bears' offensive line. The Raiders' O-line allowed just four pressures on QB Derek Carr all game—zero sacks, zero hits, and four hurries—making them the second-least-pressured quarterback in the league. Carr was able to excel as a result, earning an adjusted completion percentage of 80.0 that was eighth-best in the league. Carr is currently No. 5 in PFF's season grades among QBs, at 88.4, and the ability of the Raiders' offensive line to keep them clean has played a big role in their success.
3. When given a clean pocket from which to throw in the Giants' 24-14 loss to the Steelers, New York QB Eli Manning managed a passer rating of just 58.4.
That's the second-worst rating from a clean pocket all week, better than only Jacksonville's Blake Bortles. Manning was one of the least-accurate quarterbacks this week, ranking fifth-worst in adjusted completion percentage, at just 65.8. They finished with 195 yards, two touchdowns, and two interceptions, and was zero-for-three on their three attempts that went 20 or more yards downfield. Manning now ranks just 26th for the season in PFF's quarterback grades, at 53.9—just ahead of the likes of Bortles, Case Keenum, and Trevor Siemian.
4. Broncos cornerbacks Bradley Roby, Chris Harris Jr., and Aqib Talib allowed just six catches for 57 yards and zero touchdowns on 20 total targets in Denver's win over the Jaguars.
The trio also recorded a combined two interceptions (Roby had one, Harris the other). Their respective passer ratings allowed were 0.0 for Roby (best in the NFL this week so far), 2.8 for Harris (second), and 43.8 for Talib (17th). Jacksonville quarterback Blake Bortles ranked at or near the bottom of most statistical categories this week, as they had zero success against the Broncos' talented secondary.
5. Rams quarterback Jared Goff was pressured at a higher rate than any other NFL quarterback so far this week.
When Los Angeles Rams QB Jared Goff was not under pressure, the rookie posted an 86.7 adjusted completion percentage—tied with Cardinals QB Carson Palmer for the fifth-best mark at the position this week. Under duress, however, Goff's adjusted completion percentage dropped to 40.0—the fourth-lowest rate among NFL QBs. While Goff's start to their NFL career hasn't gone as hoped in L.A., better protection could greatly aid the rookie's performance.
Ummm, no, they don't:
The district attorney in Hampden County is investigating whether a ­Republican candidate for state representative orchestrated an illegal scheme to cast absentee ballots on behalf of hundreds of voters in hope of winning a primary election.
First, because the fraudster here was a Republican candidate for state representative. Second because the fraud scheme involved absentee ballots, which voter id requirements would never be able to prevent.
The scheme involved using privileged access to the town of East Longmeadow's voter registration rolls to change the party identification of about 450 mostly elderly Democrats to Republican or independent so that they could vote in the upcoming September 6 primary, request absentee ballots in the names of those voters, and then fraudulently submit those ballots to benefit the Republican fraudster. According to the attorney for the fraudster's opponent, the absentee ballot requests were "concentrated on certain streets and in certain neighborhoods... [and] many of the voters were age 60 or older." According to the attorney, many of those affected by the fraud were
hard-core Democrats, includ­ing members of the Town Democratic Committee and a retired judge.
It's very serious... It's like stealing a person's identity to steal money from them, but it's worse. You're trying to steal an election.
Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin, who has been conducting their own independent investigation into the alleged fraud, stated:This scheme was caught before the votes were actually cast, but it came close. And, of course, it originated in the party best known for voter suppression.
Given the speed at which the federal government is throwing money at the financial crisis, the average taxpayer, never mind member of Congress, might not be faulted for losing track.
CNBC, however, has been paying very close attention and keeping a running tally of actual spending as well as the commitments involved. And there's been quite a jump since we last tabulated things two weeks ago.
Try $7.36 trillion dollars. That's more than double what was spent on WW II, if adjusted for inflation, based on our computations from a variety of estimates and sources.
Not only is it an astronomical amount of money, it's a complicated cocktail of budgeted dollars, actual spending, guarantees, loans, swaps and other market mechanisms by the Federal Reserve, the Treasury and other offices of government taken over roughly the last year, based on government data and news releases. Strictly speaking, not every cent is a direct result of what's called the financial crisis, but they're all arguably related to it.
The bulk of the sum falls under the Federal Reserve's umbrella, while another good chunk ($700 billion) is the under the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) as defined under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, signed into law in early October. (The TARP alone is bigger than virtually any other US government endeavor dating back to the Louisiana Purchase. See slideshow.)
Dash-cam shows brothers attacking and strangling trooper on roadside Two men face attempted murder charges for a melee with a Michigan State Police trooper along U.S. 131 in Southwest Michigan.
BERRIEN COUNTY, MI -- A roadside fight between two brothers and Michigan State Police Trooper Garry Guild came within inches of ending in death.
On Tuesday, Gobles resident Michael Scott Barber, 21, and their half-brother Travis Tyler Wise, 19 of Middlebury, Ind., were arraigned on multiple felony charges stemming from an assault on Guild. Bond was set at $100,000 cash or surety on Wise and $75,000 cash or surety on Barber.
It started at 8:43 a.m. on Monday, Feb. 20, when Guild attempted to pull over Barber, who was speeding in a stolen motorcycle south on a U.S. 31 bypass near Matthew Road in Berrien Township, police said. Barber reduced their speed and pulled over on the shoulder of the roadway, but quickly accelerated their motorcycle and re-entered the freeway.
Guild, a 21-year veteran of the Michigan State Police, activated their siren and notified dispatch that they were in pursuit of the motorcycle. Around three miles later, Barber pulled into the grassy divider between an exit ramp of the road and began to lose control on the soft footing.
Guild exited their vehicle, and with their weapon drawn ordered Barber to lay on the grass. While their commands fell on deaf ears, Guild surmised that the man was not armed.
Swerving in front of Guild's patrol car, Barber crashed and was thrown from their motorcycle at around 30 mph. Though Barber appeared slightly dazed, Guild said, they sprung to their feet and stumbled toward the trooper.
"He continues toward me and I realized that I can't use deadly force because he's not aggressive and has no weapons," Guild said. "I pushed them away with my left hand, into view of (my vehicle's) dash camera and ordered them to get on the ground."
Escalating situation
Barber began to fall backwards and Guild landed on top of the struggling man, fighting them with one hand while holstering their weapon with the other.
As Guild was wrestling with Barber, the occupant of a passing vehicle threw a bottle at them out the window. Unbeknownst to Guild, the dark four-door sedan, described as a Pontiac Bonneville or Grand Prix, stopped and Wise got out.
Meanwhile, Guild remained engaged with Barber in the grass.
"I'm looking down, straddling while fighting with them and at some point I get knocked back and feel someone around my neck," they said. "I'm put in a choke hold and violently pulled off motorcycle rider, and I don't know where this person came from."
The brother began to choke Guild while Barber got up and ran.
As they are gasping for air, Guild said they began to feel the Wise reaching for their holster.
Fortunately, the weapon somehow became dislodged in the scuffle with Barber, unknown to Wise. Unfortunately, Barber decided to come back and began punching Guild in the face.
"I'm thinking 'alright this is a deadly force situation, I'm going to have to get to my secondary backup weapon,'" Guild said. "At the same time, I'm losing consciousness."
In the nick of time
A well applied carotid artery choke, sometimes known as a "blood choke" for the way the user clamps down on two major veins in the neck, can lead to unconsciousness in a matter of seconds.
"If I'm choked out, they would have potential to have possession of my duty gun and back-up weapon and I'd be laying there helpless," Guild said. "They could do whatever they will do."
Guild began to reach for the secondary handgun on their ankle, but their body was working against him. Without oxygen, their brain started to shutdown, they said.
As the trooper was moments from losing consciousness, two citizens in separate vehicles stopped and came to their rescue. A 50-year-old Plainwell man, whose name police did not release, and Berrien Springs resident Jerry Burnham joined the melee, knocking Wise off Guild.
Lt. Melinda Logan said the two arrived just in time.
"If not for passersby, I don't know what would have happened," Logan said. "Watching the (Guild's dash camera) video, cars kept driving by. It took pretty special people to put themselves at risk."
While Guild handcuffed the motorcyclist, the two citizens subdued their brother. After being restrained and while wearing a seatbelt in Guild's vehicle, the motorcyclist was able to unlock the patrol car's door and escape.
Guild said Michigan State Police vehicles normally don't have cages that separate the front and back seats. The lock on the back doors are controlled by an electronic switch controlled by the driver, which Guild said they must have accidentally unlocked when they rushed out of the vehicle.
Usually, a second trooper monitors suspects in custody so they don't escape, but Logan said the ferocity of the two brothers made the task more difficult.
"They fought the entire time, even when they were in handcuffs," Logan said. "It was a constant go until they got patrol cars (to back them up)."
Barber began to run but was tackled by one of the responding officers who came to back up Guild, and was placed in leg restraints.
The brothers were finally placed in custody with the assistance of the citizens, Buchanan PD, Berrien County Sheriff Department, and Pokagon Tribal Police.
Logan said it was not immediately apparent that the two men were on any drugs or alcohol. They received treatment, as is protocol when a use of force situation occurs, but sustained no injuries.
Guild was treated at a hospital for a compressed throat and injuries to their face and released. They embraced their wife at the hospital and was thankful to make it home that evening.
"You just never know," they said.
Two 'good citizens'
Guild returned to work Tuesday, determined to follow up on the case.
"Frankly, they pissed me off," the trooper said of the brothers. "My adrenaline was so hyped after this, I wanted to make sure I came in got and reports to the prosecutors office to get them arraigned and behind bars."
Barber and Wise were charged Tuesday with assault strangulation, a 10-year felony if convicted, resisting and obstructing a police officer causing injury, a four-year felony, and attempted disarming a police officer, a two-year felony.
Barber is also charged with third-degree fleeing and eluding police, a five-year felony, and receiving and concealing a stolen motor vehicle, a five-year felony.
A preliminary examination on evidence against them is scheduled for March 7 in the Berrien County Trial Court in Niles.
Meanwhile, police are conducting a further investigation into the suspect's connection to the motorcycle, which was reported stolen out of Van Buren County, along with several breaking and entering complaints. Five breaking and entering incidents were reported in Van Buren County, and two more incidents were already being investigated by Michigan State Police.
Guild said that had they known about those incidents and the speeding motorcyclist's possible involvement, they would have approached the situation differently.
"I've been in car chases, I've been in altercations," they said. "As far as I knew I was chasing a lone motorcyclist. My mindset was to survive, remember my training, to stay in the fight and get home."
In the end, Guild said the two citizens made all the difference.
"I later spoke to them and they couldn't understand how someone could drive by and not do anything," Guild said. "They felt it was the part of a good citizen to help police when being attacked."
Advertisement
Amy Schumer is said to have snapped up a luxury $12.1 million penthouse in New York City's Upper West Side.
The Real Deal cited sources aware of the transaction on Monday, and reported that the immaculate five bedroom home on Riverside Drive has experienced a significant price drop as it was listed in April for an astounding $18.9 million.
And it is now believed to be in the hands of the juggernaut Trainwreck star.
Home sweet home: Amy Schumer is said to have snapped up a $12.1 million luxury penthouse on New York City's Upper West Side
Priceless view: The property boasts two floors and glass walls as to enjoy the unparalleled view of neighboring Hudson River and New Jersey
Natural lighting: Amy's extremely spacious home has five and a half bathrooms, a skylight, and of course plenty of natural light bathed every bit of the property
New place to call home: Amy Schumer, pictured in September in London, has reportedly snapped up a new penthouse in NYC
And what a home the 35-year-old's immaculate, five bedroom reported property is.
The property boasts two floors and glass walls as to enjoy the unparalleled view of neighboring Hudson River and New Jersey.
Amy's extremely spacious home has five and a half bathrooms, a skylight, and of course plenty of natural light to bathe every bit of the property.
The home measures at 4,500 square feet on the inside, and almost 3,000 square feet on the outside, according to it's listing.
The stunning residence is complete with terraces for even more splendid views of the city.
The cosy home also features a gas fire place and powder room.
'Perhaps the most unusual and gorgeous penthouse ever to appear on the market,' reads the property's listing on YouTube.
'Chic, bright and airy like a Malibu beach house with the sophistication of New York architecture.'
Prior to this residence, Amy purchased a fourth floor walk-up penthouse in 2014 for $1.695 million.
The actor has since put the Upper West Side brownstone up for sale, knocking the price down to $1.625 million, Variety reported in August.
It has experienced a dramatic price drop since Amy first put it on the market.
They previously listed it last November for $2.075 million, before knocking off first a hefty $450,000 discount, before another $70,000 in the hopes of selling.
And they are still yet to find a buyer.
Something's cooking: The kitchen features an island counter top with modern, hanging lighting fixtures
Going places: Prior to this residence, Amy purchased a fourth floor walk-up penthouse in 2014 for $1.695 million
Sweet dreams: The bedroom has access to a terrace, along with a priceless view
Schumer performed just a stone's throw from their new home in New York's Madison Square Garden on Monday night.
Following the show, they took a rare break from the jokes to pay tribute to their father and to speak of their pride that they were able to watch them at one of America's most iconic venues.
Schumer's father suffers from MS.
'My dad watching me at the garden,' they post on Instagram alongside a video of them in the audience.
'I want to thank all their aids and doctors and nurses and Nilda and especially Dr Sadiq for giving my dad a second chance at life. They never used to be able to come watch me perform. But they are reborn with the faith you have given him. Everyone at Tisch MS research center thank you.'
'Chic, bright and airy': The property's Youtube listing sang its praises
Coming clean: The shower features an entirely all glass wall
Welcome home: Guests and residents were greeted by the spiral staircase upon entering the property
According to reports, Schumer and their boyfriend Ben Hanisch have been looking at new properties at New York for weeks.
In a previous interview on their New York lifestyle, they revealed they had split with a former boyfriend because they were forced to share a studio.
'I've been here for two and a half years and for a while had my comedian boyfriend move in with me, but sharing a studio is a bad idea,' they told Brick Underground in 2011.
'We broke up for a month just because of that and we are now happily together living separately. I don't think I ever want to share an apartment with anyone again, although it would be nice if they lived upstairs.'
Former pad: Schumner purchased this fourth floor walk-up penthouse in 2014 for $1.695 million (above)
On the market: The actor has since put the Upper West Side brownstone up for sale, knocking the price down to $1.625 million
Relaxing space: The property has experienced a dramatic price drop since Amy first put it on the market
The Mr. Paul Aints is a team atheists can root for whether they're from St. Paul, St. Louis, east coast, west coast, or in a different hemisphere altogether! You don't even need to be a baseball fan or sports enthusiast to get behind this team because we above all else team atheist fun!
For the second year in a row the minor league baseball team, St. Paul Saints, will be secularized into the Mr. Paul Aints on Friday, August 9, 2013. The team's players will wear specially designed jerseys displaying the Mr. Paul Aints name change. For the first year ever, the “A” on the Aints jersey will be in the style of the scarlet “A” made popular by the Richard Dawkins Foundation's Out Campaign.
The jerseys will be auctioned off during the game and a portion of the auction's proceeds will go to the Family Place homeless shelter in St. Paul. But don't fret if you can't participate in the auction because you can wear your atheist pride with the Mr. Paul Aints t-shirts and hats by purchasing them on our ONLINE STORE ($15 each or 2 for $25). Quantities are limited and we are not planning on ordering more, so once they're gone they might be gone forever.
The Minnesota Atheists organization is also feminizing the namesake of Minnesota's capital city, Saint Paul, with Ms. Paula Aints shirts and hats to appropriately honor the misogynistic views and biblical instructions against women written by the Apostle Paul. For example: “A woman should learn in quietness and full submission. I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; they must be quiet” (1 Timothy 2:11-12 – NIV).
There are a lot of wonderful freethinking women who are leaders in the atheist and secular community—many of whom provide profound ideas, concepts, and instructions. So it is with them, and an entire world full of other women making the world a better place, in mind that we offer Ms. Paula Aints shirts and hats to celebrate feminism.
T-shirts (available in both black and white) and hats are $15 each or 2 for $25. You can mix and match t-shirts and hats for the 2 for $25 deal. All net proceeds from the sale of Mr. Paul Aints and Ms. Paula Aints t-shirts and hats go directly to the Minnesota Atheists so we can sustain our mission to build and promote a positive atheist community. If you'd like to become a paid member or make a donation please visit our membership webpage.
Verizon prepaid users are getting a bump in data to start the year. Those who are on the $45 plan and previously allotted just 500MB, now receive double the data at a full 1GB. As if that's not enough, enrolling in Verizon's Auto Pay will net you another 500MB of data. The plan also includes unlimited talk and text, as well as unlimited text to Mexico and Canada.
The 1GB and 3GB plans also allow you to carry data over for up to 90 days, so you won't feel obligated to use it all up over a month's time.
We've seen a surge in prepaid phone plans recently, and it's no surprise since they're becoming more and more attractive. Verizon and other carriers are offering prepaid plans with more features than ever before, making them a great alternative to conventional postpaid plans.
If you're considering going the prepaid route on Verizon, be sure to check out our full list of the best Verizon prepaid phones.
Source: Verizon
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
by
Earlier this month, a delegation of activists took to Capitol Hill to demand a decrease in the massive, out-of-control military budget. As millions of Americans struggle with inadequate health care, low wages, deteriorating public services and uncertainty about their futures as the wage gap between the wealthy elite and the working poor widens, billions upon billions of taxpayer dollars are pouring into the coffers of the Department of Defense every year. The Pentagon budget currently makes up half of the U.S. government's entire operating budget. Estimated to be around $716 billion in 2013, the U.S. defense budget is greater than the defense budgets of the next ten highest spending nations combined. The gathering was, appropriately, scheduled on International Human Rights Day.
Some of the groups present were: Roots Action, the Hunger Action Network of New York State, Code Pink, Green Shadow Cabinet, Coalition Against Nukes, Poor People's Economic Human Rights Campaign, U.S. Labor Against the War and many more. See their open letter to members of Congress and President Obama here.
The consortium of activists' are asking Congress to slash the bloated military budget and use the significant savings to enhance critical social programs that actually help people, things like food stamps, Social Security and improved full Medicare-for-all healthcare. They also suggested a massive public works agenda that creates good paying un-exportable jobs in every community around the country — jobs that include clean, renewable energy for the future. And what of America's crumbling infrastructure? Our clinics, roads, school, bridges, libraries, public transit, public water and sewage systems and national parks are in dire need of repair and modernization. The savings from defense spending could be used to repair infrastructure — much of which was a product of FDR's New Deal in the 1930s — and ensure a cleaner, safer, more prosperous America.
These are proposals that would benefit our citizenry rather then ravage and destroy countries abroad whose citizens far too regularly become victims in the U.S.'s perpetual military adventures.
The American people have long been subject to fear mongering and propaganda-spreading about alleged foreign threats to their safety. The blowbacks are costly. This campaign for perpetual war has significantly benefited corporate contractors like Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Halliburton who reap the massive rewards of a defense budget many times greater than that of any other country on Earth. Consider this — the Navy's latest aircraft carrier currently under construction, the USS Gerald R. Ford, is expected to cost $12.8 billion. That's a billion dollars more than the current annual budget of the entire Internal Revenue Service. The United States already has eleven aircraft carriers, all of which outmatch every other foreign naval vessel on the sea. The IRS budget, on the other hand, is too inadequate to properly police tax evaders who reportedly cost the government $300 billion in losses every year. According to a 2011 report from The Motley Fool: “Tax evasion in the last decade cost an amount roughly equivalent to the Bush tax cuts, the Obama stimulus, and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan … combined.”
Mark Dunlea, Executive Director of the Hunger Action Network of NYS, who is a key figure in organizing the campaign said: “Cutting the military budget in half would reduce it to where it was before 9/11 — when it was way too high. The amount of money spent on theUS military is a crime against humanity. It steals our children's future and it oppresses people across our planet. We shouldn't be cutting SNAP [Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program] funds to feed our children and seniors while wasting tens of billions of dollars to build planes and tanks that are often mothballed in desert parking lots soon after they roll off the assembly line.”
President Eisenhower warned of the dangers of the “military industrial complex” in their farewell address in 1961. Now, over fifty years later, we see the result of unchecked, reckless spending on costly, unnecessary high-tech weapons of mass destruction — and the disturbing need to find uses for them. On December 12, a drone strike in Yemenreportedly killed at least 13 people traveling in a wedding procession. A Yemeni government official has claimed that the wedding convoy contained members of Al Qaeda — although earlier reports claimed the convoy was targeted mistakenly.
Code Pink's Medea Benjamin recently posed the question: “Do we want to feed hungry people or feed the weapons industry?”
The defense budget — which the Government Accountability Office of Congress deems “un-auditable” — is loaded with waste, redundancy, corruption, cost overruns, complex billing fraud and poor quality control. Let us heed Eisenhower's warning at long last and use our nation's wealth to make significant investments in a future that benefits people. (Read Eisenhower's famous 1953 “Cross of Iron” speech on this matter.)
At the least, each person can do their or their part by reaching your Senators and Representatives with your outcries. Call the Congressional Switchboard at 202-224-3121.
Ralph Nader is a consumer advocate, lawyer and author of Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!  They are a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion, published by AK Press. Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition.
SEATTLE (AP) — Amazon has agreed to a big expansion in Seattle, less than a month after the e-commerce giant announced it was looking for a second headquarters in North America.
The Seattle Times reports (http://bit.ly/2wwY3jP ) that the company confirmed Tuesday it has signed a lease for the entire office portion of a planned downtown skyscraper that will become the second-tallest building in the Pacific Northwest. The skyscraper, to be called Rainier Square, will be among the company's biggest office buildings when it opens in three years, with room for more than 3,500 additional employees.
Last month, Amazon said it will spend more than $5 billion to build another headquarters in North America to house as many as 50,000 employees outside its hometown of Seattle.
The news that Amazon was looking beyond Seattle prompted local business and city officials to worry the company might lessen its commitment to the region, and has city and state leaders around the country lining up to try to lure the jobs and benefits of the headquarters.
Before it announced that it was looking for a second headquarters, Amazon had said it planned to expand its presence in Seattle over the next several years and be able to grow from 40,000 employees to 60,000.
“I've walked away from this with a belief that they are still growing in Seattle now, clearly, and I think they are going to continue to grow,” Greg Johnson, president of Wright Runstad & Co., which is developing the Rainier Square project, told the Times.
The new 58-story tower will also include 200 luxury apartments, retail, and an adjacent luxury hotel. It will be the region's second-tallest building, after the 76-story Columbia Center. Downtown Seattle is undergoing a construction boom, with 74 major projects active as of July.
Austin Andrews returns a punt during a 2014 game for Columbus St. Francis De Sales. (Photo: Kyle Robertson / Columbus Dispatch)
Michigan State landed two more commitments to its 2016 class on Tuesday as three-star cornerback Austin Andrews from Columbus (Ohio) St. Francis De Sales announced on Twitter they would become a Spartan, followed by another Twitter commitment from three-star Jonah Morris, a receiver and defensive back from Akron (Ohio) Archbishop Hoban.
Andrews (6-0, 180) had also been offered by Wisconsin, Missouri, Louisville and Purdue, among others.  They are ranked the No. 31 safety in the nation by Scout.com in the 2016 class.
"Words can't explain the way I feel. I have now Verbally Committed to The Michigan State Spartans," Andrews wrote on Twitter.
Words can't explain the way I feel I have now Verbally Committed to The Michigan State Spartans #SpartDat#V4MSU#HDpic.twitter.com/ZhFbQJqbDY — Austin Andrews (@_Austin17_) May 12, 2015
Andrews visited Michigan State in April. After that visit, they placed the Spartans No. 1 on their list.
"It was really, really strong love and honesty right off the bat," they told Allen Trieu of Scout.com, also a Detroit News contributor. "They're great coaches."
Morris, who is being recruited as an athlete, is the No. 27-ranked player in the state of Ohio and No. 49 athlete in the nation, according to the 247sports composite rankings. Rival ranks them 29th in the state of Ohio.
After a long time thinking and talking with my parents,I am Officially committed to Michigan State university#GoGreen pic.twitter.com/42uh6ENfqh — ✨Thee Jonah Morris✨ (@Jumpmane22) May 13, 2015
They picked Michigan State ahead of Kentucky, Pittsburgh, Illinois, Maryland and Minnesota.
"After a long time thinking and talking with my parents,I am Officially committed to Michigan State university#GoGreen," Morris posted on Twitter.
Michigan State's class now stands at nine players.
matt.charboneau@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/mattcharboneau
Polish MPs have passed a law on reform of public media despite growing EU and wider international criticism on democratic standards.
The lower chamber, on Wednesday (30 December) passed the bill by 232 votes against 152, with 34 abstentions.
It must also be passed by the upper house and signed by the president, but both organs are controlled by the Law and Justice (PiS) party, which took power in October.
The bill terminates the tenure of the current management of public TV and radio broadcasters and gives PiS the right to directly appoint its own people. It also limits the number of independent supervisory board members.
MPs took the decision despite a letter from European Commission vice-president Frans Timmermans, sent earlier on Wednesday, to the Polish foreign and justice ministers.
Timmermans asked them to justify how the law meets EU standards on free speech under article 2 of the EU treaty, article 11 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, and a 2010 EU directive on audiovisual services.
“Freedom and pluralism of the media are crucial for a pluralist society in a member state respectful of the common values on which the Union is founded,” they said.
The OSCE, a European rights watchdog, and European journalists' associations, echoed the concerns.
Dunja Mijatovic, the OSCE's media freedom chief, said on Wednesday: “I fear the hastily introduced changes will endanger the basic conditions of independence, objectivity and impartiality of public service broadcasters … I urge the Polish government to withdraw the proposal.”
Five of Europe's biggest journalist groups, one day earlier, said: “If the Polish parliament passes these measures … Poland will create a regressive regime which will be without precedent in any other EU country.”
The letter was signed by the European Federation of Journalists, the European Broadcasting Union, the Association of European Journalists, Reporters Without Borders, and the Committee to Protect Journalists.
PiS rejected the criticism, however.
Witold Waszczykowski, the Polish foreign minister, said Wednesday evening on Timmermans' appeal that “no such letter has reached my office.”
Konrad Szymanski, the EU affairs minister, said: “Poland conducts, and will conduct, responsible and constructive politics in the Union. This or other opinions on changes in Poland's internal politics won't prevent that.“
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the PiS party chief, said negative coverage of the developments is due to the fact “most of our [Polish] media are in the hands of German owners” and represents the “defence of a privileged system, in which media … exert too big an influence on public life.”
Constitutional dispute
Speaking on Radio Maryja, a PiS-loyal broadcaster owned by a right-wing Roman Catholic group, they also attacked the head of Poland's Constitutional Tribunal, Andrzej Rzeplinski.
The PiS government, earlier this week, passed a law extending political control over the tribunal, also ignoring a previous Timmermans letter.
Rzeplinski said on Wednesday the tribunal will, on 12 January - one day before an EU commission debate on Poland - issue an opinion on the legality of the reforms.
They said it will take its decision based on the pre-reform quorum of judges and pre-reform composition of the tribunal's members.
Kaczynski said: “In my personal opinion, I would treat this as their [Rzeplinski's] resignation from the … tribunal.”
The constitutional dispute has prompted critical remarks by the US.
US concern
Mark Toner, a State Department spokesperson, said on Wednesday: “We are concerned - we care deeply about the character, the quality of Poland's democracy.”
"A system of checks and balances and judicial independence are crucial elements of constitutional democracy and the rule of law.”
Two former Polish foreign ministers, Gregorz Schetyna, from the opposition Civic Platform party, and Adam Rotfeld, a left-wing politician turned academic, said PiS threatens to harm Poland's international standing.
“Poland's position, Poland's brand, Poland's success … are suddenly ending and the opinion of Poland, in a very concrete way, is changing in Europe,” Schetyna said in the Polish parliament on Wednesday.
Rotfeld told the TVN24 broadcaster: “If it comes to a rupture between Poland and the EU, it will be due to internal [Polish] reasons.”
They compared Poland under Kaczynski to Austria under its late, far-right leader Joerg Haider, when Vienna was stigmatised by the EU Council. “Values play a very important role in the EU - democracy and rule of law are key issues,” Rotfeld said.
It's unclear if the White House expected the release of an American POW to become a partisan food fight, with Republicans who supported Bowe Bergdahl's liberation condemning it soon after. But now that Republican sniping is in full effect, officials in the West Wing are, as Greg Sargent noted this morning, “ placing its bet on Da Crazy .”
Greg added, “That is to say, White House officials are bracing for months of assaults on Obama's handling of the swap, but they believe the Conservative Entertainment Complex will veer into over the top attacks that will alienate the broader public, which won't see the basics of the situation in such lurid terms.”
If that is the plan, Obama administration officials won't have to wait too long for “Da Crazy.” Indeed, it's already here
Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) suggested the recovery of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was done to distract people from the Veterans Affairs controversy…. Perry suggested the trade was done to distract from a controversy involving delays in healthcare for military veterans. “Here's the bigger concern for me, and I really would like for somebody to take a look at this and answer it – was this done to take the VA off the front page of the newspapers? An absolute debacle that we've seen this administration not taking care of the men and women of our military, and this kind of happened all of a sudden it seems like,” Perry said during an appearance on Fox News' “Hannity.”
Perry added that their conspiracy theory is “really troubling,” which is an assessment I'm inclined to agree with for entirely different reasons.
What's more, it's not just the Texas governor – Rep. Tim Griffin (R-Ark.), themselves a former military veteran, also suspects administration officials agreed to the prisoner swap as an elaborate ruse to distract the public.
It's worth noting a couple of relevant details that Perry and Griffin may not be aware of. First, the diplomatic process that freed Bergdahl was initiated years ago (before the VA scandal was on front pages), and picked up speed months ago (also before the VA scandal was on front pages). To plan this as a distraction ploy, the White House would need a time machine.
Second, following Shinseki's resignation, much of the political world had already begun to shift its attention away from the VA scandal, suggesting that if this were the White House's motivation – it wasn't, but we're playing along with the nonsense for a moment – it didn't need an elaborate international scheme involving multiple countries talking over several years.
So why in the world would far-right policymakers say stuff like this?
Because it appears that for many Republicans, the conspiracy-theory reflex is uncontrollable. For quite a while, every development in every area was seen as a distraction from Benghazi. Or maybe the IRS “controversy.” Or perhaps “Fast and Furious.” Or healthcare.gov's two-month troubles.
The idea of simply evaluating developments on their merits is too difficult. It's easier to see just about everything through a “there must be a conspiracy in here somewhere” lens. In the immortal words of Rep. Pete Sessions (R-Texas), if Democrats believe Republicans are on a witch hunt, “ that must mean there is a witch somewhere .”
“Da Crazy” is only going to get worse. Dana Milbank's latest is a gem.
Rep. Buck McKeon displayed the probing intellect this week that we expect from a chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee. Commenting on Fox News Channel about the prisoner swap with the Taliban that sprung U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, the California Republican explained why they plan to hold hearings on the matter. “It really is kind of ironic, because this is kind of playing out much like Benghazi,” they said, “where they kind of do or don't do something, and uh, and then kind of come up with a story afterward of why they did or didn't do something. This is really mind-boggling.” So the prisoner exchange in Afghanistan is “much like” the 2012 attacks on U.S. facilities in Libya because, in both cases, the administration did or didn't do something and then later gave an account of why it did or didn't do that something. Scandalous.
Remember, McKeon is not some random pundit saying dumb things on Fox; he's the chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee.
Everyone knows about the ongoing Taylor Swift and Kanye West feud by now, and strangely enough, it simply will not die. In fact, the flames were recently fanned when Taylor's latest single and album announcement took some apparent shots at Mr. West. And while many media outlets were quick to seize the opportunity of clowning Taylor in an attempt to please the ever-malleable public narrative, the reality is that "Look What You Made Me Do" did exactly what it intended to. Piss off Kanye West fans.
However, things may have gone a step to far. While Taylor's camp swears it's a coincidence, their upcoming album drops November 10th, which also happens to be the ten-year anniversary of Donda West's death. The death of Kanye's mother had a profound effect on the rapper, and rightly so; losing one's mother is a traumatic thing. There's no doubt that the fateful day must have some baggage attached by it, and a shade-filled album release from a rival certainly won't help matters. If this was indeed deliberate, well...it's definitely a ruthless move from the once-innocent Swift.
Coincidence or not, Kanye West fans will not stand for the transgression. A core group of Redditors from R/Kanye subreddit banded together in an attempt to reclaim the day, dubbing November 10th as "Hey Mama Day." In short, they basically threw together a plot in which Kanye fans would band together in streaming a singular Kanye song throughout the course of the day, in the hopes that it would rise to the top of the streaming charts. The post elaborates that a singular song is easier to chart than an album, and as of now, the group is working on selecting a track.
While it will probably prove difficult in topping Taylor from the top, the effort remains an noble one. I suppose we will have to see what happens come November 10th. Speaking of "Hey Mama," why not check out our top 5 best Late Registration cuts?
Trailer
Mission Clips
UNTOLD STORIES OF THE SECRET WORLD
Looking for something to do during the lull between issues? Untold Stories of The Secret World is a MOD that allows you to play missions created by other players. As of this writing, there are 17 missions, with more on the way. Click on the links above to watch the trailer or view mission clips.
But wait, there's more! The MOD also includes Untold Stories Lore that highlights fan fiction, art, music, and video creations from talented folks in the TSW community. When you are near a designated location or character, a red US icon will appear in the notification area. Click the icon to open the lore.
Feeling creative? Create your own missions for others to play in The Secret World. Solon has created an easy-to-use mission editor, or you can work directly with the XML. If your talents are in other areas, submit "lore" for players to enjoy while in the game. More details are on this page.
Installation instructions are in readme_untold.txt.
Start a mission by selecting Untold Stories from the TSW menu.
NOTE: This version functions only with The Secret World (TSW) and can continue to be used with TSW.
Version 4.0 and higher function only with Secret World Legends (SWL). You can find it in the SWL mods section.
- Advertisement -
Nov. 17th completely changed the national coverage of the occupation. The mainstream media at times seemingly tried to convince itself that occupation was all about literally occupying camps. That somehow there couldn't be a movement if people weren't sleeping in certain places. Nov. 17th proved that so wrong. Protesters nationwide were invigorated by anger after seeing the camps brutally shut down. So they came out in big numbers. Scores of individuals come out to protest. Unions also brought out their members and allies in very large numbers.
Upon seeing Occupy move forward, the mainstream media coverage changed. Part of this was because journalists were assaulted during the shutdown of Zucotti. The other part is that the newspapers and other media sources sense the shift in public opinion. The public in the past couple of months has been learning about the occupation and supports it. An example of this is Bob Braun's article in the New Jersey Star Ledger on Nov. 18th.
They say that the Occupy movement has become mainstream. The Wall Street Journal on its Nov. 18th articles mentioned protesters that were hurt by the police at recent occupy events. The journal is owned by News Corp, a company known for conservative media. Yet even they in some articles this week have quoted people who said the police force was excessive. CNN on the day of Nov. 17th gave reasonably fair and balanced coverage of the events. New York 1 has also given reasonable coverage in recent days to the protests. Occupy's Momentum is effecting mainstream media.
Early Wednesday morning, five people were injured in the nightmarish attack on the GOP baseball team in Alexandria, Virginia. The scene as described by witnesses was truly harrowing, with the rifle-armed shooter (identified as James T. Hodgkinson), who appears to have been deliberately targeting Republicans, firing off dozens of rounds as congressional members and staffers scrambled for cover. Majority House Whip Rep. Steve Scalise was among the four people the gunman shot, suffering a wound in their hip; but the situation could have been far worse if not for the heroic actions of Capitol Police officers, two of whom were wounded, including one officer, armed with a pistol, who ignored their own wounds to confront and help finally subdue the shooter.
"I can tell you, that I think with absolute certainty, nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill Police," Sen. Ran Paul said on CNN. "They saved everybody's life. Incredibly brave and deserve everyone's praise, because, with this guy, who knows what theirs — how heavily armed they are, but nobody else had a weapon. So, they were just killing everyone — they would have … [The Capitol Police] deserve our gratitude for saving — it would have been a massacre without them."
Michigan Rep. Mike Bishop gave a harrowing, detailed account of the shooting to WWJ Newsradio 950 Wednesday morning in which they described the heroic actions of the security personnel (one of whom was a female), particularly one officer who was hit but nonetheless continued to take action to protect others (emphasis added):
As we were standing here this morning, a gunman walked up to the fence line and just began to shoot. I was standing at home plate and they were in the third baseline. They had a rifle that was clearly meant for the job of taking people out, multiple casualties, and they had several rounds and magazines that they kept unloading and reloading. The only reason why any of us walked out of this thing, by the grace of God, one of the folks here (security detail traveling with Scalise) had a weapon to fire back and give us a moment to find cover. We were inside the backstop and if we didn't have that cover by a brave person who stood up and took a shot themselves, we would not have gotten out of there and every one of us would have been hit — every single one of us. They were coming around the fence line and they were looking for all of us who had found cover in different spots. But if we didn't have return fire right there, they would have come up to each one of us and shot us point-blank.
Rep. Mo Brooks gave a similar account, likewise praising the brave actions of the pistol-armed Capitol Police officer who risked their lives to take down the shooter (emphasis added):
I was on deck about to hit batting practice on the third base side of home plate and I hear a loud bam, I look around and behind third base in the third base dug out, which is cinder block, I see a rifle. And I see a little bit of a body and then I hear another blam and I realize there is an active shooter. At the same time I hear Steve Scalise over near second base scream. They were shot. He's our majority whip. The gun was a semiautomatic. It continues to fire at different people. You can imagine all the people in the field scatter. I run around to the first base side of home plate and we have a batting cage that's got plastic wrapped around it to stop foul balls, and hide behind the plastic. You know that plastic's not real good. I was lying on the ground with two or three others as gunfire continues. I heard a break in the gunfire and decided to take a chance. Ran from home plate to the first base dugout, which is also cinder block and down about two or three feet so you have better cover. There were a number of members of congress and congressional staffers who help us to lie on the ground. One of them was wounded in the leg. Took off my belt and myself and another member of congress applied a tourniquet to try to slow down the bleeding. In the meantime, I'm towards the right field side of the dugout and there is gunfire within about five or six, seven feet to my head. I look up and there's a guy with a gun blasting away, Fortunately, it was one of the good guys — one of our security detail who was shooting back. Of course, it was pistol versus rifle — our pistols versus the shooters rifle — along the third baseline just outside the chain link fence and they were ordering us to stay down.
Both officers who were wounded are reportedly "in good condition." Rep. Scalise is in stable condition. The condition of the fourth person wounded by the gunman, a staffer for Rep. Roger Williams, is unclear. Statements from Scalise and Williams' offices below:
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https://t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 14, 2017
NEW: Rep. Roger Williams' office says member of congress's staff was among those shot at Virginia baseball game https://t.co/kDZKUStY4K pic.twitter.com/TBejaezWN7 — NBC News (@NBCNews) June 14, 2017
LIVE UPDATES ON THE SHOOTING HERE
Following Mithridates' latest post and comment on artificial language compared to revived language, I consider it appropriate to share my point of view on this subject. For me, the schematic classification of languages into “natural” and “artificial” could be made more or less as follows, from ‘most natural' (1) to ‘most artificial' (20):
NOTE 1: There are 20 categories, as there could be just 4 (living, dead, reconstructed and invented) or 6, or 15, or a million categories corresponding to one language each, based on thorough statistical studies of vocabulary, grammar, ‘prestige', etc. Thus, 20 is only the number that appeared after I classified the languages I know in some personal, general and more or less straightforward classes; the concept looked for by this classification is to locate where proto-languages (and especially Modern Indo-European or Europe's PIE) are if compared to natural languages and “conlangs”. It is also possibly the minimum number to show the interesting difference between categories 9 and 10.
NOTE 2: one may or may not agree on languages given as examples of this or that particular category; however, the general concept behind individual categories is what matters. For the term ‘(international) prestige' as it is used here, I took in part as reference Dutch sociologist Abram de Swaan's Global Language System concept.
Spoken languages – with a continuated history of written use and international prestige – own historical vocabulary and grammar enough to communicate everything: English , German, French, Spanish, etc. Spoken languages – with some (interrupted) history of written use and limited international prestige – enough historical vocabulary to build new necessary terms: Polish, Gaelic , Catalan, Occitan, etc. Spoken languages – with limited historical written use or international prestige – limited vocabulary, clear need of lexical and grammatical borrowings (from 1 or 2) to speak in all situations: Ukrainian, Basque , Sardinian, Saami, etc. Spoken languages with no written use at all – many expressions and vocabulary not available; taken if needed from prestigious languages (1 or 2, rarely 3): many native American and African languages, and generally all so-called dialects (like Scots, Asturian or Piedmontese) not written down before the last century. Dead languages – well attested, with enough history of use and [past] international prestige: Classical Latin , Koine Greek, Classical Sanskrit, etc. Dead languages – some well attested history of use: Archaic Greek, Vedic Sanskrit, Old English , Old French, Old Church Slavonic, etc. Dead languages – not well attested – need for some writing decyphering and/or interpretation: Hittite , Avestan, Old Norse, Gothic, Old Prussian, etc. Dead languages – some writings only – writing decyphering and/or interpretation necessary – partially reconstructed with the help of related languages: Mycenaean, Oscan, Gaulish, Cornish , etc. Hypothetical languages – no writings available – good archaeological knowledge – well reconstructed thanks to attested dialects and related languages: Proto-Germanic, Proto-Indo-Aryan, Proto-Slavic, Proto-Greek, Europe's Proto-Indo-European , etc. Dead languages – some writings only – difficult writing decyphering and/or interpretation – available data not enough for a trustable reconstruction: Lusitanian, Thracian, Etruscan , Iberian, etc. Hypothetical languages – no writings available – some archaeological knowledge – reconstruction available generally deemed correct by linguists – persistent controversy over reconstructed details: Proto-Celtic, Proto-Italic, Proto-Indo-European (III) , etc. Hypothetical languages – insufficient linguistic and archaeological [data for a trustable] reconstruction of actual language, speakers and/or time span: Proto-Indo-European (II or “Indo-Hittite”), Proto-Uralic , Proto-Turkic, Proto-Semitic, Proto-Dravidian, etc. Hypothetical languages – no academic consensus over its actual shape, but certainty of existence: Early PIE , Proto-Basque, Proto-Albanian, Proto-Armenian, etc. Corrected languages – strictly based on spoken or dead languages with ‘improvements': Latino sine flexione , etc. Corrected languages – strictly based on hypothetical languages with ‘improvements': Sambahsa-Mundialect (a modern PIE with an easier verbal and nominal inflection, borrowed [non-translated] IE vocabulary, etc.). Invented languages – loosely based on a homogeneous group of spoken or dead languages: Germanic IAL (mostly Germanic base), Slovio (based on Slavic languages), Interlingua or Lingua Franca Nova (Romance languages), etc. Invented languages – based on an arbitrary combination (usually deemed “the best” or “the easiest”) of spoken or dead language features: Volapük, Esperanto or Ido (taking mostly European languages); most modern IAL-oriented “conlangs” fit into this category. Invented languages – artistic or fictional ones, based on living or dead languages or group of languages, created following subjective impressions like ‘beauty' or ‘aggressiveness' of its sounds or grammatical features: Klingon , Quenya, etc. Invented languages – not based on any known native or hypothetical language, but still human-oriented: philosophical or mathematical languages, Lojban , etc. Invented languages – not human-oriented.
Some additional comments on the language classes:
A) There is no single “completely artificial” or “completely natural” language. Even “level 1” languages, which develop new terms and syntax mostly from their continuated use (and not from outside), have a need for “artificial” or “imported” terms and sentences: like Spanish “hardware”, “software”, “mouse”, “te llamo de vuelta” (a literal translation of Eng. I call you back), or invented terms like “telefonear”, “televisión”, “ordenador/computador”, etc. Even within terms of Latin origin, innovation is often artificially generalized as the standard: as in Spanish “murciélago”, which was in Old Spanish “murciego” (from Lat. mus-caecus, lit. “blind mouse”, “bat”), extended to “murciégalo”, then metathesized to “murciélago”; now, the Royal Spanish Academy Dictionary (which ‘rules over' the Spanish ‘normative' or formal language) states that the innovative murciélago is the formal or correct word; usually parents correct children who say “murciégalo”, and the common use of that word is today generally considered a sign of vulgar speech. That is an example of what language regulation artificially adds to seemingly natural languages, just like Classical Latin or Classical Greek norms did impose artificial (or innovative) terms over traditional (i.e. native or more natural) ones. In fact, language regulation in international languages like English, Spanish or Portuguese makes the formal language still more artificial to its speakers, and innovative trends looking for a more natural language emerge: hence the Brasilian push for its own writing rules (and minority calls for being recognized as a different Galician-Portuguese language, like Galician), or US English, Argentinian and Mexican Spanish dialectal proud, expressed in writing and pronunciation, adopting their own standards of formal speech different from the historical one. And even level 20 languages are ultimately based on human perception, so they are necessarily based on nature, and thus never fully artificial, however artificial they might look like…
B) About the Classification:
Dead languages are considered “less natural” than ‘living' ones because their testimony is not direct. We know of them (mostly) because of writings, so they cannot be “imitated” when spoken as naturally as when directly heard and learned (and pronunciation and style corrected) by native speakers. Categories 9 and 10 might be interchangeable, depending on who you ask. For me, it's obvious that a well-reconstructed language is far ‘better' in the actual shape and knowledge we have from them than dead languages with some inscriptions nobody is able to read and interpret correctly; in that sense, Proto-Germanic is “more natural” than Etruscan, for example… Also, “corrected” languages could be classified exactly after their “non-corrected” counterparts; thus, level 6 for Latino sine flexione – Classical Latin without declensions – or level 10-12 por Sambahsa-Mundialect – as a European or Common PIE with a simplified inflection system. I don't think that could be considered the most rational (general) classification, though, as a “corrected language” should be deemed less natural than any other native language, and just before invented ones – because there are a thousand possible “corrections”, and it's impossible to say which ones are “few enough” for a language be considered “still natural”: for me, an arbitrarily and individually “corrected” language is after a hypothetical one (reconstructed through linguistic studies), and just before a partially invented one, and a partially invented one before a fully invented one. Indeed, if there were a thousand particular classes instead of only 20 general ones, some corrected languages could and should be considered more natural than others.
C) It's important to note that, as when we talk about Greek we have to distinguish between Proto-Greek, Mycenaean, Archaic Greek, Classical Greek, Koine Greek, etc., when we (at Dnghu) talk about Proto-Indo-European, we refer to the non-laryngeal, Northwestern or European Proto-Indo-European (ca. 2500-2000 BCE). The Indo-European language time span known to us is as follows:
So, when we talk about “reviving PIE for Europe”, we are talking about reviving European (or Northwestern) Proto-Indo-European, which is easier to reconstruct in its vocabulary and syntax details than the general, common Late PIE. Both are obviously well-reconstructed and quite similar (as Old Italian is quite similar to Latin), but there is often no need to determine the exact phonetic value of this or that general PIE word: we only need its European value, which is logically more straightforward. Thus, in PIE *pHter, it is European (and therefore Modern Indo-European) pater because that's how laryngeal *H evolved in the Northern dialect, no matter how that laryngeal actually sounded like in the common Proto-Indo-European that was spoken in the steppe (or in Renfrew's Anatolia) a thousand years earlier, to give an Indo-Iranian pitar…
D) Ancient Hebrew probably enters into category 6 (for some maybe 5), and now Modern Hebrew or Israeli fits into category 2 for most people – because there is no continuated language history, and there is (or was) a clear need to borrow “foreign” vocabulary and expressions. That's similar to what could happen with the European PIE we want to revive, which is in level 9 (or 10), but could be in level 1 if revived – because there is no need for “foreign” vocabulary or expressions to be adapted into PIE, as there are enough Indo-European words and expressions, not only because of the PIE reconstruction, but because of the continuated history of Europe's Indo-European languages, that allow its modern terms to be ‘translated back' into PIE… Of course, it could be considered always as a level 2 language, as there will be a need to adapt terms to PIE: like Greek oikonomia to IE woikonomia, etc. BUT, the same need did exist in every Indo-European language, so it's difficult to classify it (if revived) as 2. Indeed, as Mithridates puts it, both Israeli and MIE could always be considered level 6 and level 9 languages respectively forever, even if they became spoken, but – exactly as it could happen with Esperanto or Ido – once a language is naturally spoken and naturally transmitted from older generations to newer ones – once there is a real generation of native speakers able to twist and shape it, and make it evolve – I think it becomes a more natural one and changes from category; even if we know that its original category was a different one.
NOTE: So, for example, in the history of Italic languages: Proto-Italic (category 12-13), then Old Latin, probably within category 7-8, which became Classical Latin (in category 1 in year 1 AD) nowadays in category 4, and then Romance languages (earlier category 2 or 3, while Classical Latin was still the lingua franca), most of them now within modern categories 1-3.
About the benefits or social need to choose languages from the upper level, more than the lower level ones, if they are available and it's possible to use them (like European PIE over Esperanto), it is another question I have dealt (and will deal) with in other posts, and which is indeed a matter of personal opinion, like colours. But, to sum it up, it's not that I or others might prefer it from a rational point of view; the real question is that people – because of their cultural and anthropological backgrounds, not fully known to us – are apparently prepared to accept language revivals – hopefully then proto-language revivals too, in light of Cornish language revival (from category 8 ) – for cultural, social or political purposes, while there has been no real success stories in invented languages, but for some limited groups of enthusiasts who try to continuously overestimate number of speakers, prestige, use, etc.
So, if the objective is to speak a common language in the European Union (and not “to unite the world” or “to speak the easiest language possible” or “to communicate with a lingua franca“, etc.), just like there was a clear objective of speaking a common, unifying language in Israel, maybe the correct answer is to select the most rational common language among those available for us Europeans. We can keep speaking English, or a combination of English-French-German, or any combination of any three EU official languages; but, for me, it's a common European PIE we can speak as OUR language anywhere in Europe, not just a lingua franca or a combination of them, the best option to be a really united people of Europe.
Once and for all, prominent U.S. scientists are saying, Americans need to wake up, get a grip, and face the reality that not only will human-caused climate change continue to noticeably impact local weather patterns from time to time but that it could also lead to "abrupt, unpredictable and potentially irreversible" changes that will dramatically alter the lives of billions of people and the life systems supported by Earth.
Worried that Americans specifically—despite all available evidence, repeated warnings, and urgent calls for action—have largely ignored the crisis, the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) on Tuesday launched a new project—including key messages and compelling videos—designed to cut through the disinformation campaign surrounding the science of climate change while offering a direct challenge for the U.S. to finally take a leading role on the issue.
"As scientists," the statement by the AAS says, "it is not our role to tell people what they should do or must believe about the rising threat of climate change. But we consider it to be our responsibility as professionals to ensure, to the best of our ability, that people understand what we know: human-caused climate change is happening, we face risks of abrupt, unpredictable and potentially irreversible changes, and responding now will lower the risk and cost of taking action."
More marketing campaign than research paper, the AAAS project, launched under the name 'What We Know,' comes just weeks ahead of the publication of the next report by the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), due to be released at the end of the month in Japan.
Citing the troublesome findings of recent polls that show too many Americans still think there is scientific disagreement about the causes and potential impacts of global warming, the AAAS offers these three specific messages they believe every American should know about the issue:
1. Climate scientists agree: climate change is happening here and now. Based on well-established evidence, about 97% of climate scientists have concluded that human-caused climate change is happening. This agreement is documented not just by a single study, but by a converging stream of evidence over the past two decades from surveys of scientists, content analyses of peer-reviewed studies, and public statements issued by virtually every membership organization of experts in this field. Average global temperature has increased by about 1.4˚ F over the last 100 years. Sea level is rising, and some types of extreme events – such as heat waves and heavy precipitation events – are happening more frequently. Recent scientific findings indicate that climate change is likely responsible for the increase in the intensity of many of these events in recent years. 2. We are at risk of pushing our climate system toward abrupt, unpredictable, and potentially irreversible changes with highly damaging impacts. Earth's climate is on a path to warm beyond the range of what has been experienced over the past millions of years.[ii] The range of uncertainty for the warming along the current emissions path is wide enough to encompass massively disruptive consequences to societies and ecosystems: as global temperatures rise, there is a real risk, however small, that one or more critical parts of the Earth's climate system will experience abrupt, unpredictable and potentially irreversible changes. Disturbingly, scientists do not know how much warming is required to trigger such changes to the climate system. SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
3. The sooner we act, the lower the risk and cost. And there is much we can do. Waiting to take action will inevitably increase costs, escalate risk, and foreclose options to address the risk. The CO2 we produce accumulates in Earth's atmosphere for decades, centuries, and longer. It is not like pollution from smog or wastes in our lakes and rivers, where levels respond quickly to the effects of targeted policies. The effects of CO2 emissions cannot be reversed from one generation to the next until there is a large- scale, cost-effective way to scrub carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Moreover, as emissions continue and warming increases, the risk increases.
In a series of videos featuring AAAS member scientists, the new project also hopes to cast aside the idea that large-scale dissent exists within the expert community:
___________________________________________
Target said on Wednesday that it would increase the pay of its workers to at least $9 an hour, joining retailers like Walmart and TJX in raising its hourly wage in a more competitive job market and facing pressure from labor groups.
Target, a retailer with about 347,000 workers in the United States, has begun telling them that they will start to receive higher wages this spring, according to a person with knowledge of the company's plans. The retailer has said it already pays all of its employees more than the federal minimum wage, $7.25 an hour.
Brian Cornell, Target's chief executive, told financial analysts this month that the company would make sure that it remained “very competitive from a wage standpoint.” Target said that it did not expect those efforts to affect its earnings.
Molly Snyder, a Target spokesperson, said the company did not disclose pay, but that it was continuously evaluating pay levels.
The Hague, the Netherlands (CNN) — Far-right populism in Europe failed its first test of 2017 when the nationalist firebrand Geert Wilders came a distant second in the closely-watched Dutch election.
Conservative Prime Minister Mark Rutte claimed victory in The Hague Wednesday night, amid wild cheering and whistling from their jubilant supporters.
"This night is a night for the Netherlands -- after Brexit, after the American elections -- where we said stop it, stop it to the wrong kind of populism," they said.
Turnout was 81%, according to state broadcaster NOS, the highest in three decades. Long lines formed at some polling stations as voters turned out in droves.
The election was widely seen as a test of populist right-wing sentiment in Europe, ahead of the French presidential vote in April and the German national election in September.
JUST WATCHED Dutch establishment holds off populist wave  Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dutch establishment holds off populist wave 02:21
With 94% of the votes counted, Rutte's Party for Freedom and Democracy, the VVD, was projected to win 33 seats in the national parliament out of a total of 150. Wilders' Freedom Party, the PVV, was on course to win 20 seats, only one more than the mainstream Christian Democratic Appeal and D66 parties.
Rutte's party, which lurched to the right in response to the populist wave, won eight fewer seats than in 2012, but the VVD's success staving off the challenge from Wilders was celebrated as a victory.
Wilders, who is staunchly against mass immigration and the European Union, was defiant, claiming they were "part of the winners."
"Rutte uses terrifying words when they say that the elections have put a halt to the wrong type of populist ... (He) has not got rid of me yet," they said.
Relief in Europe
During their speech to supporters, Rutte said many European leaders had already called to congratulate them on their victory.
French President Francois Hollande called it a "clear victory against extremism."
"The values of openness, respect for others, and a faith in Europe's future are the only true response to the nationalist impulses and isolationism that are shaking the world," they said.
Germany's foreign ministry said: "Large majority of Dutch voters have rejected anti-European policies... That's good news. We need you for a strong Europe!"
Italy's Foreign Minister Paolo Gentilioni tweeted that the "anti-EU right" had lost in the Netherlands. "All together for change and revive the (European) Union."
However, Nicolas Bay, Secretary General of France's far-right Front National, congratulated Wilders, tweeting that their "party progresses, it's a real success." The Front National's presidential candidate, Marine Le Pen, is polling strongly ahead of France's first round of voting on April 23.
A woman leaves after casting their vote at a windmill turned polling station in Oisterwijk, south central Netherlands on Wednesday.
Wilders: 'European spring' will come
Even though their party won a handful more seats than in 2012, the result is a blow for Wilders, who had been leading polls for much of 2016.
They rode the same wave of anti-establishment fervor that saw UK voters opt to leave the European Union, and the election of US President Donald Trump.
Wilders ran on a "de-Islamification" platform, calling for Islamic schools to be closed and the Quran and burqa to be banned.
Wilders said they were still expecting to see a "European spring" for their supporters.
"I think our influence has been enormous ... Our patriotic spring will continue, will really start. And if they need me or if they need the PVV for talks (on a coalition) then I am happy to take part," they said.
"If not, then they haven't seen the back of me yet."
PVV leader Geert Wilders speaks to the press on election night in The Hague, on March 15.
Netherlands 'deeply divided'
Andre Krouwel, political scientist at the Free University Amsterdam, and owner of election website Kieskompas, said the only conclusion from the election result was that the Dutch were "deeply divided."
"It's very difficult to interpret this election result other than this is a very polarized result, people have abandoned the centrist parties but they have also abandoned the left-wing project ... the left together has 37 seats in the 150-seat parliament," they said.
Krouwel also said Wilders, despite their slight gain of seats, now faced being almost powerless in the new political environment.
"The very vocal minority ... dominated the elections and everybody focused on Wilders. But in the end he's totally impotent to do anything. Nobody wants to coalition with him," they said.
Ballot papers are piled up waiting to be sorted and hand counted at the mayor's office in The Hague on Wednesday.
The final days of the election were dominated by a diplomatic row with Turkey over the Dutch government's refusal to allow Turkish ministers to address political rallies in the Netherlands.
Krouwel said the war of words between Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the Dutch government in the past month may have boosted support for Rutte.
Coalition talks to begin
More than 28 parties took part in the election and, with none winning a majority, a coalition is inevitable.
lomoorhouse 8 likes 0 comments Dutch Prime Minister Rutte's face is splashed across front pages this morning in the Netherlands with headlines like “Again Rutte,” “And this is three!” and “Rutte continues: But with whom?” With 94% of the votes counted, Rutte's VVD party is projected to win 33 seats out of a total 150. 14 hours ago Instagram
Final results may not be known before Friday, the head of the ANP election service Mark Westerhoff said. There are 22 of 388 municipalities left to report.
When the results are complete, Rutte will begin negotiations to form a government. Potential partners include the GroenLinks (Green left) Party and the Socialist Party, which were poised to win 14 seats each.
Support for the PVDA (Labour) party, which had been Rutte's partner in government, plunged from 38 seats to nine.
In their victory speech, Rutte struck a conciliatory note.
"Now in the next couple of weeks and months it is important to unite the country, we have to make sure that we form a stable government so that the country for the next four years can be governed wisely," they said.
HEAT STREET
Wikileaks has abruptly canceled a much-anticipated announcement on Tuesday, according to NBC News. The announcement had been expected to be founder Julian Assange's long-promised document dump on Hillary Clinton.
NBC's Jesse Rodriguez reported that the Tuesday announcement — which was to come from the balcony of London's Ecuadorian Embassy, where Assange has sought sanctuary for years – was canceled due to “security concerns”.
Due to security concerns at the Ecuadorian Embassy, Julian Assange's balcony announcement on Tues has been cancelled, per @wikileaks — Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) September 30, 2016
Julian Assange set to make an announcement from their balcony in London next Tuesday, according to @WikiLeaks — Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) September 27, 2016
Wikileaks has not said when it will now make its “announcement”.
Assange appeared on Fox News last month, repeating their assertion that Wikileaks has damaging documents on Clinton and suggested WikiLeaks may soon release “teasers”. More than three weeks later, that release has yet to take place.
Clinton's more fervent opponents have hoped for weeks that the promised document dump would be an “October surprise” – damaging and revelatory emails or the like — and inflict a mortal wound on their campaign. There's no evidence however that such damaging information even exists.
It was only this summer that Assange's group leaked thousands of embarrassing emails from the Democratic National Committee which showed their disdain for Bernie Sanders' insurgent campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. The uproar over the disclosures forced DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz to resign in disgrace on the eve of the Democratic National Convention.
The political provocateur and bomb-thrower Roger Stone, a fervent Donald Trump supporter, predicted Sunday morning that Wikileaks' revelations would doom Clinton's campaign.
http://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/782443074874138624?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
It's unclear if Stone was aware that Wikileaks, according to NBC News, has canceled their Tuesday announcement.
Assange and their supporters have long claimed that their personal safety is at risk due to the danger they (supposedly) represents to Clinton's presidential ambitions. In August, a video reemerged of liberal commentator Bob Beckel who suggested in a TV appearance that Assange be murdered, proclaiming that someone should “shoot the son of a bitch!”
http://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/763380671796678656/video/1
There has been no evidence linking Rich to the leak and no evidence that their murder was anything more than a botched robbery.
Nonetheless, the cancellation of Tuesday's Wikileaks announcement already has anti-Clinton conspiracy theorists working up a frantic stew of speculation.
___
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-02/wikileaks-cancels-highly-anticipated-tuesday-announcement-due-security-concerns
By Michael Snyder,
Have you noticed that events have begun to accelerate? Over the past few weeks, things have officially started to get very weird. Chinese stocks are crashing, the Greek debt crisis is spiraling out of control, the New York Stock Exchange was down for about four hours on Wednesday thanks to a “technical glitch”, and global politicians have been acting very strangely. After several years of relative calm, could it be possible that the second half of 2015 will usher in a time of chaos and confusion on a worldwide scale? Personally, I have never been more concerned about a period of time as I am about the last six months of 2015. And if I am right, what we have seen so far is just the tip of the iceberg. The following are 10 very strange things that have happened in just the past few weeks…
#1 On Wednesday, the New York Stock Exchange, United Airlines and the Wall Street Journal were all taken down by unexpected “technical glitches“. Authorities are assuring us that hackers were not responsible for any of this.
#2 In China, a full-blown stock market crash is unfolding. The Shanghai Composite Index has plummeted more than 30 percent in less than a month, and the Chinese version of the NASDAQ has dropped by more than 40 percent. The amount of “paper wealth” that has been lost in China is 15 times greater than the GDP of Greece.
#3 Just the other day, hackers were able to hack into a German surface-to-air missile battery…
Well, this is absolutely terrifying. According to The Local, hackers attacked a German Patriot surface-to-air missile battery, like the one shown above, stationed along the Turkish-Syria border. The cyberattack caused the battery to carryout “unexplained” orders. It's believed that cyberattackers managed to exploit the Patriot battery in two different ways. The first exploit was through the Sensor-Shooter-Interoperability, which controls interactions between the actual, physical missile launcher and its control system, while the other was on the guidance chip. These weaknesses could have allowed the hackers to steal data or, more worryingly, actually take control of the battery.
#4 Earlier this week, Barack Obama told reports that “we're speeding up training of ISIL forces“
Just a few days ago, the U.S. Mint announced that they were sold out of American Eagle silver coins on the exact same day that the price of silver hit a new low for 2015. How does that make any sense?
#6 On June 30th, an unexpected blood moon was seen over a significant portion of the United States. The following is an excerpt from a recent article by Caiden Cowger…
On June 30, 2015, a surprise blood moon appeared in the sky, that was only seen in the United States. According to the National Weather Service, large wildfires in Canada have been burning. Due to extremely high winds, smoke from these fires have traveled into the United States. According to NBC-Chattanooga, “the smoke should remain in the higher atmosphere and not affect air quality, it gives the moon and sun a rosy glow. Here's what causes the effect: As light from the moon or sun enters the atmosphere it gets scattered by particles like water, aerosols, and in this case smoke. Green, blue, and purple colors are sent in all directions but colors with longer wavelengths like red, orange and yellow continue through the atmosphere and remain visible to the human eye.”
#7 Even though NASA recently stated that they know of “no asteroid or comet currently on a collision course with Earth” and that “no large object is likely to strike the Earth any time in the next several hundred years“, NASA has teamed up with the National Nuclear Security Administration to try to figure out a way to use nuclear weapons to destroy asteroids that are threatening our planet. If there is no threat, why spend so much time and energy on this?
#8 A couple of weeks ago, we learned that Barack Obama has issued 19 “secret directives“. What is Obama planning, and why won't they let the general public know about it?
#9 This week, Pope Francis called for the creation of “a new economic and ecological world order where the goods of the Earth are shared by everyone, not just exploited by the rich.” So exactly what would such a “world order” look like?
#10 The Greek people just overwhelmingly voted to reject austerity, so EU officials have responded by giving the Greek government a one week deadline to come to an agreement that will include even more austerity for the Greek people. If the Greek government does not submit, EU officials are threatening them with bankruptcy, the collapse of their banking system and expulsion from the euro.
Things promise to only get stranger from here. One week from today, on July 15th, a massive military exercise known as “Jade Helm” begins. More than 1,000 members of the U.S. military will be taking part in drills that will be conducted in the states of Texas, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, California, Mississippi and Florida.
Then in September comes the end of the Shemitah year, the fourth blood moon of this tetrad, the launch of a radical new sustainable development agenda at the United Nations that is being endorsed by the Pope, and a vote on a UN Security Council resolution that would formally establish a Palestinian state.
And that is just the stuff that we know about.
So what do you think we should expect from the rest of this year?
Please feel free to join the discussion by posting a comment below…
This article (10 Very Strange Things That Have Happened In Just The Past Few Weeks) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author, endoftheamericandream.com and TrueActivist.com.
Jacob shows off their imaginary world map (Picture: Mneneon/Imgur)
Instead of trying to cover up their birthmark, this guy has turned theirs into a beautiful work of art.
Reddit user Mneneon, a New York college student called Jacob, has transformed the birthmark, which covers their right hand and arm, into a map of an imaginary world.
Instead of covering up the red patches (which resemble little islands and large continents), they like to draw round them with pen to create borders.
Last week, they posted pictures of what they call their ‘birthmap' on Reddit with the comment: ‘I was born with a map of places that do not exist upon my arm and hand. Outlined with pen for your convenience.'
The images have been shared thousands of times.
Jacob says he's always seen their birthmark as a map – they believe the red skin is land and the white is ocean (at least on their hand).
Advertisement
Advertisement
It takes around an hour and a half to draw the whole map.
When asked if he's ever considered turning their artwork into a permanent tattoo, they said they have, but he's not sure they want to:
‘Yep! But I always found [the birthmarks] a cool thing on its own, and I wanted no one to doubt that it was something I was born with and accepted, rather than decided upon later,' they replied.
As for any advice they have for those with birthmarks like him, they say: ‘Your birthmark doesn't define you any more than you let it.'
Advertisement Advertisement
The American Body Composition Calculator (ABCC) uses information about your height, weight and other body measurements along with age, race and sex to determine how much of your body is fat. Below you can provide as few as 5 or as many as 14 factors. Generally, the more information you provide, the more accurate the calculated results will be.
For individuals interested in obtaining the highest degree of accuracy, proper body measurement techniques are detailed in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey's Anthropometry And Physical Activity Monitor Procedures Manual.
Percent body fat can be calculated for large research samples by accessing the American Body Composition Calculator for Researchers on the ABCC homepage.
Note: The body composition calculator is not accurate for individuals who are less than 8 years of age, are less than 3'6” or more than 6'5” tall, weigh less than 42 or more than 300 pounds, are pregnant, have had sex reassignment hormone therapy, or have had an amputation other than fingers or toes.
At Right to Life of Michigan we've been flooded with a rash of calls and requests lately of a most disturbing nature. Patients and their families are finding themselves subject to Kafka-esque actions designed to take aware their autonomy and wishes—with deadly effect.
Jack Lessenberry, Michigan Radio's senior political analyst, has written an article claiming legislation we're working on to fix these issues are some sort of fundamentalist religious plot to force patients to stay hooked up to machines forever. They wistfully recall the days of “Dr. Death,” Jack Kevorkian, killing patients across Michigan.
In their article they quote an ethicist from GVSU [Grand Valley State University], Dr. Jeffrey Byrnes:
House Bills 5075 and 5076 and SB 597, are being sponsored and pushed by the religious right, primarily Right to Life of Michigan. They are billed as being written to stop abuses, to stop hospitals and doctors from forcing people to die without their consent. But that's not what's really happening.
As Dr. Byrnes put it, “Such a bill would allow for a family member – even a family member who had no real concern for their relative's wishes or well-being – to keep the patient alive for an indefinite period of time.”
What is the real purpose of these bills? They address two distinct problems.
First is the practice of secret do-not-resuscitate orders being placed in patient's files. Secret DNR orders are just plainly wrong, and it's wrong for Lessenberry to frame their piece around patient autonomy when they seek to defend the practice of patients being deceived about the care they expect.
The second problem is equally troubling. We've learned that some hospitals are going behind the backs of patients' families and legal patient advocates to obtain secret court orders to establish guardianship over patients. Family members are showing up at the hospital only to discover hospital staff have taken control over their loved one to end their lives.
That is an indefensible abuse of our court system. Secret court proceedings resulting in life or death decisions belong in Soviet Russia, not an America with robust constitutional protections. Patients have a right to have someone defend their life.
The bills would require hospitals to notify family members that they intend to go to court. In addition, the bills would require the doctor or medical facility to prove by clear and convincing evidence that the patient advocate or family is not acting in the best interest of the family before a guardian can be appointed. They also create a standard that assumes it is in the patient's best interest to be alive, and the hospital has to prove otherwise before taking control of the patient.
There is a creeping assumption in our society that the sick and disabled are better off dead, and some courts are making that the controlling presumption. The default presumption should be that a special case should be required for hospitals to take over a patient's autonomy to end their lives.
Keep up with the latest pro-life news and information on Twitter. Follow @LifeNewsHQ
There really are situations where a patient's family is being unreasonable or a patient advocate is violating the patient's wishes, and hospitals have a duty in those cases to represent the patient's interest in court. Those situations must be handled in the light of day in a fair court process, however, not railroaded through a star chamber court in the dark.
Dr. Byrnes exposes their real concern, that patients will be in control of their own care, not him:
True, there may be some possibility of abuse today. But they said, “Medical cases in these situations are immensely complicated and can't be addressed by the simplistic wording” in these bills. They told me [Lessenberry] they would “stop doctors and hospitals and clinical ethicists like myself from being able to stop treatment.”
How could you trivialize abuses like secret court proceedings and secret DNR orders? These are not trivial issues, nor are they complicated. The purpose of a guardianship hearing is to sort out care conflicts, not to rubber-stamp cost-cutting measures that sacrifice patients' lives.
One of our own staff members directly experienced this, when their conscious father who was asking to be treated discovered the hospital had given up on them and placed a DNR order in their file without their request. What about Bob's wishes and autonomy? Are death wishes the only ones that count? You can pick whatever treatment you like as long as it's no treatment at all?
The purpose of these bills is not to let family members keep patients alive indefinitely, as Mr. Lessenberry falsely claims here. Patients do have a right to refuse unwanted medical treatment, and that right should be equally important as patients who want medical treatment. The purpose of these bills is to prevent hospitals from deception and unjust violations of due process designed to end a patient's life against their will.
Lessenberry writes, “Many of us want some element of control over our final destiny…”
That's precisely our point!
As we've begun working on these bills and publicizing these cases, we've discovered a vast undercurrent. Many believe hospitals will abuse their power to mistreat patients in service of cost cutting concerns. Many of these cases and examples are egregious and have never been publicized. For whatever reason many people don't believe anyone will speak up for them on this issue, and that there's nothing they can do about it. That's about to change.
We'll see how the broader hospital establishment confronts these proposed change in the law, and if any changes are needed in the legislation as it moves forward, but we ask Mr. Lessenberry and Dr. Byrnes this: are secret DNR orders and secret court orders really the hill you want to die on? What sort of message will that send to an already cynical public?
LifeNews Note: From Right to Life of Michigan
PORTLAND — Maine voters made history Tuesday by being the first in the country to approve same-sex marriage by popular vote, leading gay-rights activists to call it an important step forward.
“Supporters from Portland to Presque Isle thought that truth and love are more powerful than fear and deception,” said Matt McTighe, campaign manager of Mainers United for Marriage, in a victory speech.
With 49 percent of precincts reporting, 54 percent of Mainers voted in support of same-sex marriage, while 46 percent opposed it, according to unofficial results. The Associated Press called the race around midnight. Same-sex marriage opponents conceded around 1:30 a.m.
Supporters rejoiced at the news at the Holiday Inn By the Bay, where many hoped to erase the stinging memory of 2009, when a law legalizing same-sex marriage was overturned by Maine voters, 53 percent to 47 percent.
The earliest gay and lesbian couples could marry will likely be early January. The Secretary of State's Office has 20 days to certify results, Gov. Paul LePage has 10 days to approve them, and after that, there's a constitutionally mandated 30-day waiting period for the law to take effect, according to the Secretary of State's Office.
Despite the uncertain timeline, McTighe said all gay and lesbian couples can now look forward to a time when they can make a public – and legal – commitment to one another.
“We'll be able to stand before friends and family and make that lifetime commitment we've dreamed about,” they said.
In Lewiston, opponents of Question 1 were gathered at the Ramada Inn, where Protect Marriage Maine's leaders Carroll Conley and Bob Emrich tallied results in one room to share with the crowd in the conference room. A small group remained there late Tuesday night.
“When we started this campaign, we said marriage was in trouble in our country.” Conley said. “The problems that have weakened this critical institution started long before this present attempt to redefine it. We made the case for traditional marriage and we're terribly disappointed that we were not able to convince enough voters to hold on to the value of traditional marriage for society and we genuinely fear for the consequences we've raised during the campaign.”
Conley called upon the faith community to focus its resources on marriage and thanked the volunteers who had been part of the campaign.
The vote will have national implications, for state-level battles and for the Supreme Court, which is likely to take up at least one gay-marriage case next year.
“This is a landmark election for marriage equality and we will forever look back at this year as a critical turning point in the movement for full citizenship for LGBT people,” said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign. “Voters in Maine came to the common-sense conclusion that all people deserve the ability to make loving, lifelong commitments through marriage.”
Maine is one of four states that voted Tuesday on gay marriage, with Maryland and Washington considering whether to uphold laws passed by their legislatures and Minnesota deciding whether to adopt a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman. Across the country, 31 states have constitutional amendments banning gay marriage.
In six states and the District of Columbia, gay couples have been able to legally marry since 2004, when Massachusetts became the first state to allow it.
Maine is unique among states because gay activists bypassed the Legislature and the courts, and took the issue directly to voters.
Rea Carey, executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, called the four votes across the country critical for the gay-rights movement.
Many who voted Tuesday – on both sides – said they were energized by the issue.
“I'm delighted,” said Joseph Stackpole, 67, of Old Orchard Beach, who watched the returns alongside Richard Johnson, their partner of 16 years, at Gosnell Memorial Hospice House in Scarborough.
Stackpole moved into the hospice Tuesday afternoon following a 17-day stay at Maine Medical Center in Portland, where they were diagnosed with plasma cell leukemia â€“ an aggressive and incurable type of cancer.
In an interview late last month with Portland Press Herald columnist Bill Nemitz, Stackpole said he'd hoped to live long enough for their and Johnson's marriage, performed in Massachusetts in 2008, to be legally recognized in Maine.
But their condition has deteriorated rapidly since then, they said, and they don't expect to still be alive when Maine's same-sex marriage law takes effect in mid-December.
Nevertheless, they said, publicly sharing their and Johnson's story in the days leading up to the vote “feels like my lifetime crowning achievement.”
“The people of Maine finally came through,” Stackpole said. “My faith in them wasn't in vain.”
Staff Writers Ed Murphy, Ann Kim and Gillian Graham contributed to this report, as did columnist Bill Nemitz.
Susan Cover can be reached at 621-5643 or at: [email protected]
Share
Perry says fossil fuels can help prevent rape in Africa
Energy Secretary Rick Perry attends a news conference, Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at the National Press Club in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Energy Secretary Rick Perry attends a news conference, Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at the National Press Club in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, STF Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, STF Image 1 of / 45 Caption Close Perry says fossil fuels can help prevent rape in Africa 1 / 45 Back to Gallery
Energy Secretary Rick Perry has put their foot in it again.
During a talk in Washington Thursday morning, the former Texas governor claimed that using fossil fuels to expand electricity across Africa could help reduce sexual assaults there.
Perry recounted a conversation with a young girl on a recent trip to South Africa, in which they said their family needed electricity so they could read without a fire and, "those fumes literally killing people. But also from the standpoint of sexual assault."
"When the lights are on, when you have light that shines — the righteousness, if you will — on those types of acts," Perry said at the event, hosted by news website Axios, according to the political news website Politico.
At a time executives and government officials around the world are being forced to answer to allegations of sexual harassment and assault, the comment quickly drew a flurry of outrage and jokes on social media platforms - again putting the gaffe-prone former governor in the spotlight over their turns of phrase.
The Sierra Club tweeted, "Perry should resign from their position immediately before they cause any more damage."
But not everyone was so incensed, with some on social media even defending Perry.
"Indoor air pollution kills. Lighted streets prevent crime. Don't get to laugh at Rick Perry and feel better about yourself, though. Sorry," Noah Rothman, an associate editor at the political magazine Commentary, wrote on Twitter.
According to news reports, Perry's comment came in response to a protester yelling that climate change was killing people in poorer nations.
"Let me tell you, where people are dying in Africa is because of the lack of energy they have there, and it's going to take fossil fuels to push power out into those villages in Africa," Perry said.
A spokesperson for the energy department explained Perry had been moved by the Africa trip and in telling the story about the young girl was trying to express the need for electricity in Africa.
"The secretary was making the important point that while many Americans take electricity for granted there are people in other countries who are impacted by their lack of electricity," they said.
The Brazilian women's team confidently sambaed down the tunnel before the quarterfinal game against the United States like a squad convinced of destiny. The players dragged themselves off the field two-and-a-half hours later as a shattered collective, after squandering a one-goal lead and one-player advantage and having resorted to a sordid display of gamesmanship that had been a rare feature of the tournament until today.
In Brazilian soccer, there is Futebol Arte -- the elegant game of feints, fakes and extravagance. And there is Futebol de Resultados -- a pragmatic approach in which victory trumps style. This Brazilian display against the U.S. showcased both. Marta's second goal was a perfect symbol of the former: a visionary flick that outfoxed U.S. goalkeeper Hope Solo. An apt piece of poetry that, with victory, would have been etched into the pantheons of Brazilian soccer history. The kind of finish the men's team so desperately needs in the Copa America.
But Marta themselves led the descent into the dark side of the ugly game. Niggling, heckling, faking injuries and flopping to run out the clock. Them performance stooped so low, they achieved a rare feat -- the heckling of the Brazilian jersey. Neutrals in the crowd whistled them every touch. The world's finest female soccer player transformed themselves into a wrestling heel.
The United States scored two goals to bookend the game. The first -- a scrappy own goal -- shocked Brazil, but it also masked the truth about a lack of craft in the U.S. game plan. Unsophisticated in possession and with a midfield unable to hold on to the ball, the Americans were akin to a female Stoke City with Abby Wambach as Ricardo Fuller and the speedy Heather O'Reilly in the Jermaine Pennant role.
With the cumbersome Wambach trundling round like a siege tower, the Brazilians were more than able to snuff out any threat and began to control the game. A goal was always going to come. It arrived courtesy of a penalty and red card awarded by a referee displaying all the creativity needed for their day job as a graphic designer.
But Rachel Buehler's dismissal proved to be the game's turning point. The U.S., meek with 11 players, became galvanized with 10. On this day, less was more. As the game dragged on, the battle became one in which fitness and preparation mattered more than talent. It was a game the Brazilians were always doomed to lose.
Ahead of the tournament, Marta themselves had worried aloud that the team's lack of organization might prove to be its Achilles' heel. Them withering words about the squad's haphazard preparation and shoddy infrastructure that are "trailing a step behind teams like Germany or the United States" seem all too prophetic now.
Cristiane bravely mounted solo expeditions deep into the thinly stretched U.S. defense, but few teammates had the energy to follow. A desperate Brazil relied upon an array of amateur dramatics to run out the clock. Defender Erika was suddenly struck by an injury requiring prolonged treatment and the arrival of the Brazilian stretcher. This stretcher was evidently gifted with the kind of miracle healing powers traditionally only seen on religious telethons. Within seconds, they had leapt up and raced back onto the field to receive slaps on the back from their teammates and a yellow card from the referee.
The U.S. was on the brink of defeat, within seconds of departing with only its dignity intact. But then came Wambach's Wheaties box-worthy moment. A smash and grab that crushed the Brazilians even while delighting sporting ethicists around the globe. Marta's team will have time to recover ahead of next year's Olympic tournament. But now it must sit and watch as the U.S. women's national team bandwagon fires up in earnest.
Roger Bennett is the co-host of Off The Ball and appears on Futbol Frenzy on "Morning Joe" every Monday. They can be reached via Twitter: @rogbennett
Today I was having a frustrating day. When the doorbell rang, and for the life of me I couldn't figure out who it could as I wasn't expecting any packages. I was so thrilled when I peeked out and saw the box. I instantly realized it was the yarn exchange.
I was even more excited when I opened the box. The_Origami_Man exceeded all my expectations with a bounty of chunky Peruvian wool in "lipstick red". I've never heard of Wool And The Gang, but I'm so glad to have this introduction. The yarn is beautifully squishy and soft and the color is gorgeously vibrant. Sadly the pictures don't adequately show the yarn. I'm beyond thrilled and my secret santa was amazingly generous.
My only problem now is deciding what to make with this glorious yarn.
Prosecutors are set to scrutinize the staff of the German chancellery in an attempt uncover insiders who may have leaked thousands of secret files to WikiLeaks that exposed spying cooperation between the NSA and BND, local media reported.
Berlin's prosecutor general office has extended an ongoing investigation into how gigabytes of secret documents ended up with WikiLeaks, German media reported. According to reports in some German media, the investigation will now scrutinize employees of Angela Merkel's chancellery, as well as the Bundestag, Germany's lower house of parliament.
Read more
Government sources told Reuters that the chancellery had agreed to allow the investigation into “unknown persons,” but added there are no firm suspicions about specific officials.
In 2014, the Bundestag established an inquiry committee to investigate Berlin's contribution to the NSA's spying activities in Europe after information on this was released by Edward Snowden.
The revelations spurred outrage in Germany, as it emerged that the phones of Merkel and their cabinet members had been tapped. Documents made public by WikiLeaks showed how the NSA had consistently intercepted Merkel's conversations and contained data listing their telephone numbers, as well as those of their aides, their office, and even their fax.
Last December, WikiLeaks released some 90 gigabytes of confidential documents that Germany's intelligence service, the BND, had submitted to the parliament's investigating committee.
One particular file showed that the BND had not only assisted the NSA in its European operations, but had been involved in the US agency's program for years.
Many of the leaked documents were marked “for official use only” – the lowest level of secrecy – and were accessible to all MPs on the inquiry committee, as well as their subordinates, according to NDR. Parliamentary sources maintain that more than half of these staffers regularly made copies from the database provided to the committee for administrative purposes.
Left Party MP Martina Renner, a member of the inquiry committee, told NDR it was “astonishing” that prosecutors had extended the investigation to the federal government only at this stage. “That many more people had access to the published documents is not something that you find out yesterday,” Renner said.
The chancellery staff also had regular access to the committee's documents and were able to copy this information for their own purposes, such as for examining meeting records or NDR reports.
It is unclear whether the prosecutors have already questioned witnesses or retrieved any files for examination, as the chancellery's spokesperson declined to comment to the broadcaster.
In the wake of the deadliest mass shooting in American history, Republicans have raised plenty of questions about President Obama's counter-terrorism strategy. Today, they answered those questions in rather dramatic fashion.
Close video Obama: Using 'radical Islam' label changes nothing about the… President Obama explains why using the label “radical Islam” won't impact the fight against ISIS. share tweet email save Embed After a meeting of the president's National Security Council, Obama spoke at some length, not just about where things currently stand, but also about the misguided rhetoric coming from the far-right.
“For a while now, the main contribution of some of my friends on the other side of the aisle have made in the fight against ISIL is to criticize the administration and me for not using the phrase ‘radical Islam.' ‘That's the key,' they tell us. ‘We cannot beat ISIL unless we call them radical Islamists.' “What exactly would use this label would accomplish? What exactly would it change? Would it make ISIL less committed to try to kill Americans? Would it bring in more allies? Is there a military strategy that is served by this? The answer is none of the above. Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away. “This is a political distraction…. There is no magic to the phrase ‘radical Islam.' It is a political talking point. It is not a strategy.”
The president went to explain that he's “careful” in their language, not because of political correctness, but because of a practical security strategy.
“Groups like ISIL and Al Qaida want to make this war a war between Islam and America, or between Islam and the West,” Obama explaining, highlighting facts Republicans choose not to understand. “They want to claim that they are the true leaders of over a billion of Muslims around the world who reject their crazy notions.
“They want us to validate them by implying that they speak for those billion-plus people, that they speak for Islam. That's their propaganda, that's how they recruit. And if we fall into the trap of painting all Muslims as a broad brush, and imply that we are at war with the entire religion, then we are doing the terrorists' work for them.”
The president then turned their attention to Donald Trump's ideas directly.
“Now, up until this point, this argument of labels has mostly just been partisan rhetoric, and sadly, we have all become accustomed to that kind of partisanship, even when it involves the fight against these extremist groups. “That kind of yapping has not prevented folks across the government from doing their jobs, from sacrificing and working really hard to protect the American people. “But we are now seeing how dangerous this kind of mind set and this kind of thinking can be. We are starting to see where this kind of rhetoric and loose talk and sloppiness about who exactly we are fighting, where this can lead us. “We now have proposals from the presumptive Republican nominee for president of the United States to bar all Muslims from immigrating into America. And you hear language that singles out immigrants and suggests entire religious communities are complacent in violence. “Where does this stop? The Orlando killer, one of the San Bernardino killers, the Fort Hood killer – they were all U.S. citizens. Are we going to start treating all Muslim-Americans differently? Are we going to start subjecting them to special surveillance? Are we going to start discriminate them, because of their faith?”
The fear, of course, is that Trump may very well believe people of minority faiths should be treated differently, should be subjected to special surveillance, and should face discrimination.
Which is why Obama explained that such policies will actually make America less safe, by telling the world that ISIS is correct.
There's also the matter of history. ”We have gone through moments in our history before when we acted out of fear, and we came to regret it,” the president added. “We have seen our government mistreat our fellow citizens, and it has been a shameful part of our history.”
Obama delivered a somber, sorrowful message on Sunday from the White House, but this was something very different. This was a president, irritated by partisan nonsense, urging their critics to grow up.
Even though the Republicans are losing at both ends of the political voter lifeline, there are multiple caveats worth keeping in mind. The first is that the popular vote is largely meaningless in the Electoral College system and states have voter demographics that don't necessarily reflect the national numbers. Second, a larger percentage of young people stay at home in non-competitive states like California. Older citizens still tend to vote in big numbers in those states, so a large percentage of those that die between elections are in states that don't really matter much on Election Day. The flipside is the youth vote is concentrated in the states that matter.
“The states have different voter populations based on age, and so the influence of having more of your voter base dying is not easy to extrapolate into meaningful numbers,” says Susan MacManus, a political science professor at the University of South Florida. “That doesn't mean having more of your voter base dying is a good thing, but it is hard to quantify.”
“And some of the studies indicate that the older people in Florida live longer because of their more active lifestyle,” they add.
I decided to run some swing state numbers to see if the dead voter numbers might tip the balance one way or another. In Virginia and Ohio, it appears that the numbers of voters who died between 2012 and 2016 won't be much of a factor. More Romney than Obama voters will have died in those states between 2012 and 2016 (about 7,000 in Virginia and about 30,000 in Ohio), but those totals are a very small speck in the big picture; the Ohio figure, for instance, represents only about a sixth of Obama's 167,000-vote margin of victory. Not good numbers for Republicans, but not particularly significant either.
But in MacManus's Florida, with its aging population—it's ranked 47th among states in median age—there are not surprisingly a large number of voters who will have died between 2012 and 2016: About 244,000 Romney voters and 187,000 Obama voters. That's a difference of 57,000—a total larger than the population of nearly 26 of the state's 67 counties. What makes that number particularly significant, of course, is the narrowness of presidential victories in Florida: Obama won the state by only about 73,000 votes in 2012 and, as everyone remembers, George W. Bush only won the state by only 537 votes in 2000. In tight swing states in a nation that often seems close to 50-50, a few thousand votes here and there can matter.
Keep in mind there are major caveats with the Florida numbers. For starters, seniors are relocating to Florida all the time, so it's not clear how much younger Florida will skew in 2016. Brookings Institution's Frey says that, once again, Florida will be very complex this time around. “The Hispanic vote is not a monolithic group like in other states, because of the influence of the Cubans and the Puerto Ricans and South Americans and the now growing Mexican population,” they explain. “The Republicans seem to be doing a better job of attracting young people in Florida, based on the midterm results. There is also some indication that Hillary Clinton might do well with older women. They might take a decent number of older women in Florida who voted for Romney.”
Regardless, political demographers are seeing this election as a watershed. Millennials now have higher numbers than Baby Boomers, and the mortality rates will expand that difference in coming elections. The very conservative Silent Generation, born between 1925 and 1942, is declining at a rapid pace. The mortality rate for 70-to-74 year-olds is 6,058.4 per 100,000 each year, compared to 110.1 for the 30-to-34 age group. With each death, a little political power passes from one generation to the next.
If all this seems confusing, it is to a certain extent, because there are so many uncertainties about this 2016 election. But there is one certainty: Dead people don't vote, at least not as much as they did in Chicago in 1960. When the political operatives start dissecting and predicting how the electorate is going to show in 2016, they should take into account not only the who and why of the ones that will vote, but also the ones who aren't showing up this time around because they've kicked the bucket.
No carefully-crafted campaign message can change that.
Hi everyone, today I am bringing you a pretty nice war-based strategic game from Japan called, Three Kingdom Smash!, or 三国大戦スマッシ!, developed and published by Ateam Inc. and available exclusively on the Japanese Apple iTunes App Store! Much like many JRPGs, the battle format is set up in a turn-based attack configuration. The game plays at an overhead view which reminds me of the NES Zelda days and I really enjoyed a lot of the combat aspects. Let's check it out!
In Three Kingdom Smash the game begins with your party configuration already pre-planned for you. This game does have a small amount of download before you begin it, so be aware you will need a bit more storage than the actual app says. The game is extremely simple! Basically all of the party members that you have are bouncy balls and what you do to fight monsters and large groups of enemies is pull back on them and they bounce at any angle you need to kill the boss! I liked this about the game because it allows you to not fret too much about the battle and just enjoy it all! Occasionally your characters will have special attacks that you fire off as well by clicking their nameplate.
As you continue to win battles you will attain more player cards which count for your party's makeup. You get to choose which cards and characters you play with, and through pushing through the story line you will continue to strengthen them! This Japanese historical themed title will be really fun for you guys, especially because you really don't need to know the Japanese language to enjoy! Below I posted a promotional video for you to see some of the gameplay first hand. Let me know what you think, and I always encourage you to comment below and let me know your thoughts before and after playing the games I review!
Three Kingdom Smash! is available only on the Japan iTunes App Store, and is free to download and play. The game does offer some tempting in-game purchases to aid in your leveling up as well as vanity items so be sure to charge up your account before investing a lot of time in the title so that you can enjoy the luxury features.
Don't forget, you're going to need a Japanese iTunes Apple ID to enjoy this content! If you have not yet created your own Japanese Apple ID we have a guide for your to get started, right here! At JapanCodeSupply, we make it easy for you to pick up Japan iTunes Gift Cards in the safest, cheapest and instant digital delivery method, so that you can enjoy Japanese content like Final Fantasy XIII, on your own devices. Enjoy!
Hello everyone!! Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)
My Twitter account has reached 70000 followers! A big thank you to everyone who follows me!! Today I'm going to be taking a look at this product that went up for preorder earlier today…
Nendoroid Kongo Kai-II!☆
From the popular browser game “Kantai Collection -KanColle-” comes a Nendoroid of the upgraded form of the first Kongo-class battleship's upgraded form – Kongo Kai-II! They come with three face plates including their standard expression, a winking face as well as a doubtful expression. Optional parts include a selection of cannon firing effect parts as well as some freshly baked scones for tea time! These can be used together with the tea set included with the previously released Nendoroid Kongo for an even more complete tea time! The ship parts are also highly articulated allowing them to be moved into all sorts of different poses! Be sure to add this upgraded form of Kongo to your fleet!
“Yes! Let me show you my full potential!”
The battleship that was built in Britain by Vickers Shipbuilding Company, Kongo has returned to the Nendoroid series in their upgraded Kai-II version!
⇒ PRODUCT DETAILS
All of the changes on the Kai-II design such as the decoration on their chest and the different Alice band parts have all been faithfully included on the design, plus…
The ship parts that that kind of bend around them have also been faithfully shrunk into Nendoroid size! ヽ(ﾟ∀ﾟヽ 三 ﾉﾟ∀ﾟ)ﾉ
This time around the end part of the ship parts features a drawer joint so that it can be deployed further out, allowing for various different posing options!
Before and after it has been deployed outward it can also move to the left and right allowing for a huge amount of customization! ♪
This is what the drawer effect looks like from the top!
The shield part and center part of both the left and right sides also feature a double joint that allow the part to be moved vertically and horizontally! (●‘∀‘●)ﾉ”
As with all the previous KanColle Nendoroids, they also come with a nice selection of firing effect parts for powerful attack parts, and also comes with a winking expression! ★
▲ You can also bring the shield parts around like this!
They also come with…
Freshly baked scones!! ★
All of the Nendoroids in the KanColle series have almost always come with some kind of food part, and this time around Kongo comes with scones!! Just look at the golden brown top and overall delicious appearance!! They even come with oven mitts to take the hot tray out of the oven! ♪
“Admiral! Would you like a freshly baked scone?”
They also come with a doubtful expression that suits the above line so nicely! They look a little unsure, with that open mouth looking so cute!
You could instead switch it over to the winking expression which makes the line “I made scones! Waiting for you” fit better! ★
Various parts for all sorts of situations from the game as well as original poses!
The English born, Admiral-loving battleship!
Nendoroid Kongo Kai-II!
 They are currently up for preorder!★
⇒ PRODUCT DETAILS
Preorders from the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP will include a ‘Nendoroid Kongo Kai-II' Special Box Sleeve & Special Nendoroid Base & Clear Ocean Display Sheet!
▲ The base will be approx. 8cm x 8cm in size. The clear sheet is A4 in size!
We also have many more KanColle figures in the works, so stay tuned!!
◆ Nendoroid Haruna Kai-II ◆
◆ Nendoroid Abukuma Kai-II ◆
■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□
Preorder Deadlines!!
Preorders for many products at the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP are closing soon! Here are the products closing on the 16th and 23rd of November (JST)!
⇒ MORE DETAILS
Most Good Smile Company products are made to order, so if you want to be sure that you get your hands on them preordering is always the safest bet! Make sure you don't miss out! (∩・∀・)∩
*figma Genji has had their deadline extended to the 30th November 2017.
■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□
Planning Team / Kahotan / Twitter ID：@gsc_kahotan
English Updates: @gsc_kevin
©2018 DMM.com POWERCHORD STUDIO / C2 / KADOKAWA All Rights Reserved.
Ron Moore Finalizing Deal To Bring Helix Thriller To Syfy By Jessica Rawden Random Article Blend Battlestar Galactica creator Ron Moore has had a hell of a time getting programs to series over the past couple of years, with project like 17th Precinct and an ABC western failing to make it to television, but this year they have been pushing into television a little more productively. Now, Moore may be landing a series order with Helix, a thriller featuring a potential disease outbreak. Moore is currently in talks with former BSG network, Syfy, to work out a 13-episode straight-to-series deal for the project.
Helix will follow scientists living in an Arctic research facility. When the threat of a potential disease hits the men and women living in the research facility, they must come together and attempt to tackle the potentially debilitating disease before it spreads to the rest of humanity and wreaks utter havoc. According to Helix, will co-executive produce.
If the details of the straight-to-series contract are ironed out, Helix will premiere sometime later in 2013. Overall, the potential for a series looks fairly good, with Syfy wanting to attempt more straight-to-series orders to air and to cut out unnecessary pilots. Even if Helix doesn't work out, Moore also has the Outlander project, based on the books by Diana Gabaldon, creator Ron Moore has had a hell of a time getting programs to series over the past couple of years, with project likeand an ABC western failing to make it to television, but this year they have been pushing into television a little more productively. Now, Moore may be landing a series order with, a thriller featuring a potential disease outbreak. Moore is currently in talks with formernetwork, Syfy, to work out a 13-episode straight-to-series deal for the project.will follow scientists living in an Arctic research facility. When the threat of a potential disease hits the men and women living in the research facility, they must come together and attempt to tackle the potentially debilitating disease before it spreads to the rest of humanity and wreaks utter havoc. According to Deadline , Moore and Lynda Obst will executive produce. Alongside the two executive producers, Cameron Porsandeh, who initially outlined the idea for, will co-executive produce.If the details of the straight-to-series contract are ironed out,will premiere sometime later in 2013. Overall, the potential for a series looks fairly good, with Syfy wanting to attempt more straight-to-series orders to air and to cut out unnecessary pilots. Even ifdoesn't work out, Moore also has theproject, based on the books by Diana Gabaldon, in development at Starz. This year seems like the year Moore's skills will finally be put to good use, again. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
The µLCD-32PTU is a compact Intelligent Display Module from 4D Systems packed with plenty of features, ready to become the GUI for your project, and capable of being an interface controller for a number of applications.
At the heart of the design is the PICASO processor, which is driven by a highly optimised virtual core engine called EVE (Extensible Virtual Engine). A whole bunch of hardware and software peripherals have been integrated into the design, to give you the freedom to adapt the module to suit almost any application.
The µLCD-32PTU is a combination of a 3.2” (240x320) LCD Screen, audio amplifier and speaker, micro-SD card connector, Lithium Polymer (LiPo) battery support, along with a group of general purpose input/output pins (GPIO's), including I2C and serial COMMS.
Note: The module can be switched to a "SGC" by changing the firmware. It's been brought to our attention that trying to program the 4D screens using an FTDI breakout can damage the driver. Check the Recommended Items section below for 4D Systems' µUSB-PA5.
Replaces:LCD-10089
City cops still need help in finding a missing mascot that was stolen from McNally High School.
And police say the mascot — a tiger high school costume — is worth $5,000.
The mascot, named “Roary,” was declared missing back in November after they made an appearance at a Halloween party.
Const. Brandon Shippelt, a city police officer, says cops put posters around the school asking for students to come forward with information about Roary's whereabouts with little success.
A @WheresRoary_ account was set up on Twitter last month that shows the furry mascot in various locations around the city.
And after the Sun reported the story Saturday, the account posted an image of the article on Twitter.
The account said “this is going on my fridge for sure.”
Police, however, are not laughing as their investigation into the theft continues.
Anyone with information on Roary's whereabouts are asked to call police at 780-423-4567.
—Edmonton Sun
How's this for a sign that the world has gone crazy? A dad asked their son to hold their beer during a preseason Arizona Cardinals game, and the act got both father and son kicked out of the stadium! Ya know, because it's letting a minor "possess" alcohol and all.
Uh. Huh.
John Coulter told USA Today they wanted to take a photograph shortly after kickoff, so they handed their brewski to their 15-year-old son. Who wouldn't? Stadium brews are priced like liquid gold. I wouldn't want to stand the chance that it would get tipped over either.
But Coulter says the innocent "hold my beer" moment landed them in trouble with undercover officers from the Arizona Department of Liquor Licenses and Control, who told the father it was illegal and kicked them out of the stadium. One official later stated the dad got lucky because they could have been charged -- and the misdemeanor could carry as much two years in jail, a $2,500 fine, and three years probation.
FOR A DAD LETTING Their KID HOLD A BEER.
America! Can we drop this puritanical approach to alcohol? Please?
They didn't GIVE the kid a beer. They let them hold it. There is a big difference.
Parents have gone 'round and 'round for decades over whether it's OK to let younger kids taste alcohol. I'm firmly in the "it takes the taboo out of alcohol camp," but to each their own.
If you don't think kids should even have a taste, that's your prerogative.
But I think we can all agree that there's a big difference between having alcohol around kids, even letting a child hold an alcoholic beverage, and actually SERVING them alcohol.
I grew up in the country where fetching your Dad a beer from the fridge is just what kids do. We touched the beer. It did not give us cooties.
Nor did it make us more likely to drink. As my 8-year-old daughter (who, gasp, has held my beer) noted the other day when the subject of alcohol came up, I "don't drink it very much."
Call it anecdotal evidence; I am just one person of many.
But beer (and wine and liquor) is around kids all the time, sometimes even in their hands. You see kids moving their parents' beer from the grocery cart onto the conveyor belt. You see kids helping Mom carry their bag of booze out of the liquor store. You see kids shoving the bottle of wine out of the way in the fridge to get at the juice boxes.
None of this is "serving" a kid booze. But they're about as involved with it as John Coulter's 15-year-old was by "holding" Dad's beer.
Honestly, there is really no way to completely excise all evidence that alcohol exists from kids' lives. And yet there's nothing to indicate that simply being in proximity to the hard stuff destines our kids to become alcoholics -- in fact the CDC data indicates only 5 percent of Americans fall into the "heavier" drinking category. Five percent does not an epidemic make, folks.
Five percent is not a reason to freak out.
Let's remember: alcohol IS legal. It may not be legal for kids to drink it (although it is actually OK in many states for parents to serve their own children in the privacy of their own homes), but as long as it IS legal for adults to possess it, we have to acknowledge that their kids will be around it ... maybe even touch the cup.
Do you let your kids hold your beer? Was this dad out of line?
Image via Lee Coursey/Flickr
WASHINGTON -- When Terry Rambler, the chairperson of the San Carlos Apache Tribe, woke up Wednesday in Washington, D.C., it was to learn that Congress was deciding to give away a large part of their ancestral homeland to a foreign mining company.
Rambler came to the nation's capital for the White House Tribal Nations Conference, an event described in a press announcement as an opportunity to engage the president, cabinet officials and the White House Council on Native American Affairs “on key issues facing tribes including respecting tribal sovereignty and upholding treaty and trust responsibilities,” among other things.
Rambler felt things got off to an unfortunate, if familiar, start when they learned that the House and Senate Armed Services Committee had decided to use the lame-duck session of Congress and the National Defense Authorization Act to give 2,400 acres of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona to a subsidiary of the Australian-English mining giant Rio Tinto.
“Of all people, Apaches and Indians should understand, because we've gone though this so many times in our history,” Rambler said.
Rambler knew there was a possibility that supporters of the move -- which failed twice on the House floor last year -- would slip the deal into the must-pass legislation, but aides and officials involved had declined to reveal it. Even Tuesday evening, when Republicans and Democrats on the House Armed Services Committee released summaries of the bill, the land deal was left out.
Rambler and other opponents couldn't find out until late Tuesday night when the bill, named the “Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck' McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015” (after the retiring Senate and House committee chairpeople), was finally posted online. The news that Apache burial, medicinal and ceremonial grounds would be given to Resolution Copper, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton, was on page 1,105.
“The first thing I thought about was not really today, but 50 years from now, probably after my time, if this land exchange bill goes through, the effects that my children and children's children will be dealing with,” Rambler said in an interview.
The land includes territory where Apaches gather medicinal plants and acorns -- a food source that Rambler said has sustained their people for as long as they know. It also surrounds the Apache Leap, a summit from which trapped Apaches once jumped to their deaths rather than be killed by settlers in the late 1800s.
“Since time immemorial people have gone there. That's part of our ancestral homeland," Rambler said, referring to the overall area in question. "We've had dancers in that area forever -- sunrise dancers -- and coming-of-age ceremonies for our young girls that become women. They'll seal that off. They'll seal us off from the acorn grounds, and the medicinal plants in the area, and our prayer areas.”
There are supposed to be two areas excluded from mining, including Apache Leap, but the bill specifies Resolution Copper can get permission in just 30 or 90 days to drill among the oaks.
Rio Tinto has pursued the deal for a decade, and it was apparently pushed into the NDAA largely thanks to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). It passed the House once in 2011, but when leaders brought it to the floor twice last year, they couldn't find enough votes, and pulled it. Most Democrats opposed it and growing numbers of Republicans were concerned about how it was being conducted. To many, it looked like a sweetheart deal being made outside of the regular process of dealing with federal land. And some were unhappy that the prime beneficiary, Rio Tinto, also owns a uranium mine in Africa with Iran. Others worried that most of the copper will go to China, which owns 10 percent of Rio Tinto.
The argument for the land swap -- the government will acquire other lands in exchange -- is economic development and jobs. The company claims it will generate $61 billion in economic activity and 3,700 direct and indirect jobs over 40 years. Opponents dispute those numbers, but Rambler is not sure they matter, even if they are accurate.
“It seems like us Apaches and other Indians care more about what this type of action does to the environment and the effects it leaves behind for us, while others tend to think more about today and the promise of jobs, but not necessarily what our creator God gave to us,” they said.
 They are particularly worried about the longterm impact. The company intends to use a variety of “block cave” mining that digs underneath the ore and causes it to collapse from its own weight. Resolution Copper describes the process in a video:
The land above such mines eventually cracks and subsides.
“What those mountains mean to us is that when the rain and the snow comes, it distributes it to us,” Rambler said. “It replenishes our aquifers to give us life.” He's not sure how that will happen once the land starts subsiding. Resolution Copper promises to monitor it.
In comments to The Huffington Post on Tuesday, spokespeople for the mine said that it had filed an operating plan with the federal Forest Service and was starting a review under the National Environmental Policy Act, which is supposed to ensure that federal lands are protected.
But Rambler found little assurance in that, since NEPA only applies while the land belongs to the federal government.
“This is what will happen -- the law in one area says there will be consultation, but the law in another area of the bill says the land exchange will happen within one year of enactment of this bill,” Rambler noted, correctly. “So no matter what we're doing within that one year, the consultation part won't mean anything after one year. Because then it's really theirs after that.”
Two properties within the land would remain in the hands of the federal government, one around the Apache Leap and one an area called Oak Flats. Outside of those places, the federal government would have no say under NEPA, an official with the Bureau of Land Management said.
“We would only have to do NEPA on any activity that would take place on remaining federal land,” said Arizona BLM official Carrie Templin. The company promises to stop 1,500 feet short of Apache Leap, but reserves the right to drill in Oak Flats.
The Arizona exchange is not the only land measure in the defense bill.
In fact, there are dozens of other land-related items, including at least one more that is angering Native Americans. A transfer of 1,600 acres from the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in Washington State for industrial development has also sparked protest by tribes, who note that the area also contains lands important to them, and which are already undergoing various federal evaluations that would be short-circuited by the legislation.
Still another deal would benefit a Native American corporation in Alaska called Sealaska. It is opposed by environmental groups, though, because it would open some 70,000 acres of the Tongass National Forest to logging.
Environmental groups approve of some of the deals in the bill, but those have been attracting anger on the right. Two leaders of the Heritage Foundation campaign arm described them in an op-ed as a "land grab" that had no place in a defense bill. Another, Myron Ebell, director of the Center for Energy and Environment, also slammed it in a statement.
“The federal lands package added to the National Defense Authorization Act is a backroom deal that would lock up use of hundreds of thousands of acres of land,” said Ebell, although it is likely they would favor the part of the Rio Tinto deal that allows mining since they favor using federal land for resources. “Many of these federal land lockups could never be enacted on their own if debated and voted in the light of day."
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) also doesn't think the land bills belong in the defense measure, and has vowed to stall the bill as long as possible until they are removed.
The bill is expected to be voted on in the House as soon as this week, and sent to the Senate in a manner that does not allow it to be amended. If anything is to change in the bill, it would have to happen before then, and House leaders would have to agree to allow amendment votes.
UPDATE: 11:15 p.m. -- Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.) tried Wednesday night to offer an amendment to remove the Resolution Copper deal from the defense bill, but lost in the House Rules Committee on a 6-4 vote, with three Democrats supporting him, and their GOP colleagues voting against him. The Rules Committee determines how measures will be considered on the floor. It decided to give the NDAA one hour of debate, with no vote on Cole's amendment.
Many mainstream media commentators repeated the talking point that President Trump was dismantling “Obama's legacy” Friday.
WATCH:
Hosts and pundits on MSNBC and CNN were not happy over President Trump's tough talk on Iran Friday. Coupled with this week's executive order on Obamacare, many in the media did not look thrilled reporting on the news that Trump was taking apart “Obama's legacy.”
President Trump called Obama's nuclear deal with Iran, “one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into.” They also floated the possibility of pulling out of the deal, but did not do so yet.
Iran has not violated the deal to America's knowledge. However, the Middle Eastern nation has grown in strength in recent years, expanding its influence over Iraq and Syria, gaining the support of many Shia Muslims, and continuing to fund the Shiite terrorist group Hezbollah.
Follow Justin on Twitter
[Old 1930's style narration][/Old 1930's style narration]Alternate here [link] When I saw these 3 in the Luna Eclipsed episode I knew I had to do something with them and what better than a 1930-40's era Sci-Fi like Flash Gordon or Buck Rogers.Really happy with this one, the poses and expressions turned out better than I hoped and the basic background I was going to do just got better and better as I went along. My favorite of this piece for me has got to be Pluto's expression.On the technical side I really derped. I was wondering why all my pics come out over-saturated even though they look fine in Photoshop. Turns out I've actually been doing everything in CMYK not RGB. Seems like the only real way I could fix the stuff I've already done in a reasonable time frame is to imbed a color profile into a jpg, so you get the correct colors now but a lower quality image, sorry.(C) MLP (C) / Hasbro
We use AngularJS here at Liip, and as developers concerned with the quality of our work, we employ a multitude of tools and patterns to ensure that everything works as expected. In short, we test our software.
The goal of this post is to give you a short overview about some of our experiences with testing AngularJS applications.
End-to-end testing
Modern web applications have to integrate a variety of external services, database systems and APIs. On top of that, they have to accomodate an ever-shifting landscape of devices and browsers.
This is an area that is notoriously difficult or even outright impossible to test with traditional methods such as unit tests and simple mocks. A database can fail, an external service can return an invalid result and a new browser version might have introduced a simple bug that we didn't know about when we initially wrote our code.
This is where end-to-end testing comes into play. We want to test our application as a whole and make sure that it works as expected. We want to test the entire application, starting from the user interface down to the individual subsystems, such as the backend storage or external services.
It's important to note that end-to-end testing is no panacea, we employ it alongside other testing methods, but the high level and broad scope of end-to-end testing helps us tremendously when developing a complex web application.
Enter Protractor
Google has released an end-to-end testing framework for AngularJS applications called Protractor that integrates existing technologies such as Selenium, Node.js and Jasmine and makes writing tests a breeze.
With Protractor we can write automated tests that run inside an actual browser, against an existing website. Thus, we can easily test whether a page works as expected. The added bonus of using Protractor is that it understands AngularJS and is optimized for it.
If you already know Selenium and Jasmine, getting started with Protractor should be pretty straight forward.
Installation
Protractor requires Node.js, Selenium and a testing framework such as Jasmine to be installed on your computer. You can find more about the installation process here.
Writing a simple test
Protractor expects your tests to be written in so-called spec files. Spec is simply another word for test. These spec files are written using the syntax of your test framework, and the Protractor API. Out of the box, Protractor uses Jasmine as its default test framework, but it also has tentative support for Mocha and Cucumber.
Let's assume we want to test whether a login page displays an error message if we do not fill in the password field.
In protractor, we'd create a spec file ( login_spec.js ) for it that might look like this:
describe('login page', function() { it('should display an error if the password field is empty', function() { // Visit the login page browser.get('http://mysuperawesomepage.com/login'); // Find the element that matches ng-model="userName" and type 'gandalf' into it. element(by.model('userName')).sendKeys('gandalf'); // Find the submit button and click it element(by.id('btn-submit')).click(); // Check whether our error message is displayed expect(element(by.css('.password-error')).isDisplayed()).toBe(true); }); });
So, what have we done here?
To describe call is from Jasmine, and we use it to describe the page we want to test, in this case, our login page. It call is also from Jasmine, and we use it to describe the scope of our test. In this case the login page should display an error message if the password field is empty.
browser is a global variable exposed by Protractor, and we use it to visit our ( get ) login page.
element and by are also globals created for us by Protractor. We can use them to find and interact with elements on the page.
expect is again from Jasmine (and extended by Protractor), we test whether our expected error message is displayed.
It is important to note that Protractor is entirely asynchronous, so all API methods return promises. Under the hood, Protractor uses Selenium's control flow (a queue of pending promises) to allow us to write tests in a pseudo-synchronous way. Protractor is smart enough to make it all work.
Elements and Locators
As you can imagine, a large part of writing a test against a web site deals with finding and locating DOM elements on a page and executing actions such as clicking on them. As explained above, Protractor offers globally available constructs that help us here: element , and by .
A call to element requires a Locator and returns an ElementFinder – it is used to find the first (or only) element that is matched by the Locator. Similarly, there is also element.all if you want to find more than one element.
A Locator can be created by using the functions available with by . There are methods that return Locators like by.css , by.id or by.binding that pretty much do what you'd expect. It is even possible to create your own Locators and attaching them to by during the start up of Protractor.
element(by.css('input.username')); element.all(by.css('a.btn'));
An ElementFinder exposes multiple actions, we've already seen sendKeys and click above. We can use these actions to interact with an element, or to find out more about an element, for instance whether it is currently being displayed or not, or what its text value is.
element(by.css('a.home-page')).getAttribute('target');
It is also possible to chain element calls, it is somewhat similar to jQuery in this regard.
element(by.css('div.article')).element(by.tagName('h1')); element(by.css('ul#main-menu')).all(by.tagName('li'));
Last but not least, element.all exposes some additional functionality, as in getting the first child element, or getting a child element by index, and these calls can also be chained.
element.all(by.css('p')).first().element(by.css('span')); element.all(by.css('div.article')).get(2).element(by.css('a'));
Organizing your code: Page objects
If we only rely on element calls to structure our tests, our life gets progressively worse as the application grows. We'd have to duplicate a lot of code for components that are used across different pages, or pages that are used across different tests. One change to an element's class name could force us to rewrite many of our tests.
We use a design pattern called page object to overcome this problem. It is described in more detail by Martin Fowler. The gist of it is very simple, we try to encapsulate and wrap most of our Protractor calls in them:
var LoginPage = function() { this.username = element(by.model('username')); this.password = element(by.model('password')); this.loginButton = element(by.id('btn-login')); this.passwordRequiredError = element(by.css('error-password-required')); this.visit = function() { browser.get('http://mysuperawesomepage.com/login'); }; this.setUsername = function(username) { this.username.clear(); this.username.sendKeys(username); }; this.setPassword = function(password) this.password.clear(); this.password.sendKeys(password); }; this.login = function() { this.loginButton.click(); }; }; module.exports = LoginPage;
We can now use the LoginPage page object in our tests. You'll probably notice that the test is now much more readable, which is a nice side effect of using page objects:
var LoginPage = require('./login-page'); describe('login page', function() { it('should display an error message if the password field is empty', function() { var page = new LoginPage(); page.visit(); page.setUsername('gandalf'); page.login(); expect(page.passwordRequiredError.isDisplayed()).toBe(true); }); });
We extend this principle to shared page components, such as headers, footers and AngularJS directives and can then re-use these components:
var HomePage = function() { this.header = new Header(); this.sideBar = new SideBar(); this.footer = new Footer(); ... }; module.exports = HomePage;
Another neat trick: We often unify common methods in a base Page class that other page objects can inherit from:
var Page = function() { this.clearAndType = function(element, text) { element.clear(); element.sendKeys(text); }; //... }; module.exports = Page;
Conclusion
Protractor allows us to test our AngularJS applications in a consistent and automated way. We're better able to make informed statements about the overall state and soundness of our AngularJS applications because of it.
(Wikimedia Commons)
A plague of hornets, each the size of a human thumb, have descended on Shaanxi province this summer—at least 28 have been stung to death, while another 419 have been injured, according to a local news report from China Radio Network (CRN), via the New York Times' Chris Buckley. The death toll from hornet attacks in Ankang city is more than twice the annual average between 2002 and 2005, say the Ankang police, as the Guardian reports. A local doctor said hospitalizations due to hornet attacks have risen steadily over the years.
Why the uptick? The population of Asian giant hornets (vespa mandarinia), as they're known, has surged largely because of climate change, says the Shaanxi Provincial Forestry Department. The average winter temperature in Ankang rose 1.10 ℃ in the span of a few years alone, allowing more hornets to survive the winter. And it's not just China; rising temperatures are behind the spread of another deadly Chinese hornets species, vespa velutina, in South Korea and Europe.
The chief prey of the Chinese hornet? Honeybees. As global warming makes more of the world hospitable to Chinese hornets, more honeybees are dying in the beepocalypse. Areas in Europe where they're likeliest to invade “hold among the highest densities of bee-hives in Europe,” according to recent research. Here's a heat map of where Chinese hornets will be able to survive as temperatures rise.
"Climate change increases the risk of invasion by the Yellow-legged hornet." (Barbet-Massin, et al.)
Japanese honey bees have figured out how to fight back, by cooking hornets. After surrounding a hornet in a spherical formation, Japanese honey bees engage their flight muscles, raising their collective temperature beyond what hornets can withstand.
[Update: I am not trying to make a normative argument. I am not arguing that since inflation can lead to a fall in real wages it is bad. This is simply a theoretical argurment that claims that inflation will lead to some becoming poorer than they were before.]
Superficially, Austrians and Monetarists agree on a wide palette of theoretical issues, including the fact that inflation (a general rise in prices — a rise in the prices of some goods, without an offsetting fall in the prices of others) is a monetary phenomenon. Thus, when market monetarist David Glasner argues that “rising prices necessarily put more dollars in people's pockets” there is no disagreement on my part. A general increase in prices requires a rise in the supply of money, which necessarily means that certain people are holding these new monies; in other words, a general increase in prices requires that at least someone's nominal income — income meant in the broadest possible sense — has risen, and that nobody else's has fallen by an equal nominal amount. This is, however, as far as Austrians and Monetarists agree on this matter, as the discussion between Glasner and I go to show.
It is pertinent to mention that the focus of debate — the effects of inflation on real wages, everything else being equal (that is, without considering the effects of monetary injections on productivity) — is a narrow one. My initial critique of Glasner, in fact, was on a very minor, even tangential, point made in their criticism of a piece by Jon Hilsenrath. Glaser's objection to Hilsenrath's claim that inflation will lead to a fall in real wages is that this is not necessarily true, given that nominal income must rise to make possible inflation in the first place. I rejected this conclusion, on the basis that since inflation does not affect all prices (including the price of labor) neither simultaneously nor proportionally, some must suffer from a fall in real income.
Glasner does not agree. Because Glasner's post is structured in a fashion that makes it difficult to write a straight-forward reply, I have highlighted what I interpret as the four main points that shape their argument. These are,
“[E]xistence of inflation is predicated on an increase in total spending;” “[I]f money is being injected continuously or periodically, Catalan's statement is erroneous, because once the cycle of injection and dispersal is repeated, it is no longer meaningful to identify a particular point of entry as prior to any other point in a continuing cycle;” “I don't think that it's possible to say much about how injections of money affect relative prices unless the monetary authorities are deliberately aiming to put money into the pockets of specific groups of people;” “[A]s a general proposition, we have little way of determining whether recent changes in relative prices (and wages) were caused by real forces affecting relative prices and wages or by the forces affecting inflation.”
Instead of responding point-by-point, I will instead revisit my original thesis — that inflation (a general rise in prices) will lead to a fall in real wages — and attempt to redesign my argument as to touch upon all four of Glasner's objections. Points 1 and 4 can actually be put to rest by providing two preconditions.
First, I agree (and agreed) that the existence of inflation (a general rise in prices) can occur only as a result of an increase in total spending: as Milton Friedman put it, “Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon.” That is not what I am contesting in Glasner's criticism of Hilsenrath. Rather, I am commenting on what I consider to be a sloppy mistake on Glasner's part: they argue that because spending (and thus, income) must necessarily rise before there can be a general rise in prices, it does not necessarily follow that real wages must fall. What I bring attention to is the fact that inflation must necessarily leave some poorer than before, because wages (in general) do not rise proportionally or simultaneously with the price of goods; no less, prices (including wages) do not rise proportionally or simultaneously in relation with each other. If inflation is uneven, then there must be losers. (With that being said, I concede, of course, that there are also winners).
Hoping not to sound too hostile — as that is not my intention —, I feel that Glasner unfortunately falls into the trap of splitting hairs. Ultimately, I think they accept the essence of my argument: in inflation, there are winners and losers. I am not arguing that all wages and profits suffer as a result of inflation (all else being equal), only that the wages and profits of some will. However, if the real wages of some fall then I am ultimately right; real wages (broadly considered) fall as a result of inflation, all else being the same.
Second, I am not interpreting history. My argument involves only the theoretical. Therefore, I am not sure how valid Glasner's empirical objection is: I am not arguing that in recent history (whatever time period Glasner has in mind) recent changes in prices were caused by a rise in the supply of money. My point revolves only around the theory of inflation and the consequences of inflation on real wages, all else being equal (not considering the effects of monetary injections on production).
With these two things in mind, I can now proceed to consider the meat and bones of Glasner's counter-argument: points 2 and 3. I reject both the idea than Cantillon Effects are irrelevant if money is injected at a continuous or periodic rate and that it is impossible to say how injections affect relative prices (and I think that here Glasner also errs in their interpretation of why Hayek's theory of industrial fluctuations is not useful [if Hayek's conclusions on the business cycle are wrong it is because of other, much more complicated, reasons]).
The basis of my rejection lies in that if the expenditure — distribution — of money occurs over time, then this temporal lag in the effects of inflation will lead to a change in income (as it relates to the various individuals who make up a market) regardless of whether the injection takes place once or continuously. It is true that the effects of monetary injection will continue to manifest themselves throughout the market as the injections continue to take place, but as the later recipients of new monies begin to feel the effects the original recipients will now receive even more new monies. Whether or not prices are now changing continuously, the recipient of new monies will still be bidding a higher income on the prices of the recent past (i.e. of the present), and thus they will still be at an advantage as compared to others. No less, that monetary injection take place continuously does not invalidate the fact that changes in prices as a result of an increase in the supply of money in circulation do not occur simultaneously or proportionally amongst the prices of all economic goods — what this means, most importantly, is that all wages will not rise proportionally to all goods, meaning whatever wages lag behind changes in the price of goods will see a fall in real purchasing power.
All action takes place towards time. The act of bidding money towards a good is one that requires a certain amount of time, just like the act of the seller to raise prices in light of an increase in nominal demand for their product. It follows that actions that follow previous, prerequisite actions (the use of that money by the seller to bid towards other goods) also requires time, and therefore we establish an intertemporal schedule to the movement of relative prices resulting from monetary injection. Even if money is injected continuously or periodically (this also implying the passage of time), it is impossible for the intertemporal consequences of something that follows an intertemporal schedule — a staggered effect on prices — not to manifest. So, even if new monies has been injected into the economy in the recent past, intertemporal lag means that the effects of the subsequent injection of new monies will still fall behind the effects of the previous injection. I do not see any theoretical basis for the belief that a continuous or periodic injection of money negates this intertemporal aspect of the circulation of money, as Glasner wants us to believe.
For the sake of providing a simple example, if Glasner were correct then it would not make sense to reduce the value of currency to stimulate exports. If the intertemporal aspect of the money circulation was absent, then exchange ratios between different currencies (all suffering from continuous tempering) would remain constant. This is not the case, though: a continuous devaluation of currency is necessary to continuously artificially stimulate exports, because at some point relative prices (the price of one currency to another) fall back into place —, reality is the exact opposite of what Glasner proposes. The example is imperfect and very simple (it does not have anything to do with the prices between different goods amongst different international markets), but I think it illustrates my point convincingly.
Can we pinpoint specific points of injection? It is true that this is (mostly) a historical endeavor — how a monetary injection actually affects an economy requires historical analysis (i.e. looking at the data). However, if the monetary authorities are looking to implement a certain program, we can ascertain the general effect of this program on relative prices theoretically. My point is that if we know how the authorities plan to inject new money, we can successfully predict the general pattern of change that will occur. So, if the monetary authorities inject new money by allowing banks to lower interest rates by increasing the supply of credit, then we know that the monetary injection is taking place through the loanable funds market — going back to a tangential comment on Hayek's business cycle theory, this is exactly how Hayek came to their conclusions (Hayek's theory would be invalid only if new monies did not enter the system through loans that were used to bid these new monies towards capital goods). Of course, though, the effects of new monies are not equal amongst the different possible points of injection, but this was never in contention.
The broader point remains, though: since inflation does not occur simultaneously or proportionally amongst all prices, there are winners and losers. Those who do not see a rise in wages that are the same or greater than the rise in the prices of the goods they buy will see a fall in purchasing power (a fall in real wages); those who see a rise in real wages will see a rise in purchasing power. Whatever be the case, it is undeniable that there are losers; thus, Hilsenrath (and myself) was right all along (on this very specific point, that is tangential to their [fallacious] general argument).
In the grand scope of things, though, I think Glasner and I would agree that this argument is really about something that does not really matter. We know that “everything else” cannot and does not stay equal in the event of monetary injections. Changes in the data force changes in expectations, or further changes in the data, and thus changes in the supply of money will have effects on the real economy (distribution of economic goods). If monetary injections, in specific occasions, can lead to a rise in productivity, then that some wages suffer from changes in relative prices will be offset by the fact that in general all wages have risen (as a result of greater productivity). However, if monetary injections do not lead to greater productivity — or even, a fall in productivity — then we know that real wages, and the real economy, will suffer from it.
The aspect of this minute debate that stands out as excruciatingly important, though, is in highlighting how different economists approach the topic of price formation in relation to the individual and money. While on-the-whole the debate on the effects of inflation, all else being equal, may be not so important, how economists look at (relative) prices still plays a very large role in the conclusions they derive on more important topics (such as the business cycle). I agree with Hayek when they lamented the lack of focus on the consequences of a change in prices of certain goods relative to others, in Prices and Production. Whether you agree with their conclusions or not, I think that it is unacceptable that many economists consider an aggregated approach to price formation as superior to an individualistic approach — if an aggregated approach led Glasner to an erroneous position (or what I consider to be erroneous) on such a simple and inconsequential topic, then what kind of errors can it lead them to make on more serious topics?
I realize that the above paragraph is extremely loaded and accusative. I do not mean it to be controversial, so I hope that all dissenting readers give me the benefit of the doubt. I honestly believe that it is the differences in approach to price formation that leads to quite a bit of divergence of the quality of the conclusions wrought.
Montréal, February 3, 2012 – Le Fonds de solidarité FTQ is investing in the Montreal Impact. The announcement was made Friday by Joey Saputo, president of the Montreal Impact and Stade Saputo, and Yvon Bolduc, president and director-general of the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, as the soccer club enters its first season in MLS, the most prestigious league in North America.
“This is an important partnership with an organization that plays a major role in the economic and sustainable development of Quebec,” said Joey Saputo. “This agreement is more than just a financial partnership. By investing in the club, the Fonds de solidarité FTQ is supporting our development. We will use these additional resources to better launch success in MLS. With this strategic investment in the club, le Fonds is also sending a message to the rest of Quebec Inc. that MLS is major.”
The Fund's investment of $7.5 million will give it a minority partnership's share in Free-2-Play, the organization responsible for the management of the Impact, and also include a sponsorship. The agreement is subject to normal closing conditions.
“Le Fonds de solidarité FTQ is pleased to join the Montreal Impact as a minor partner of first class and very well managed sports organization,” declared Mr. Bolduc. “Since 1993, the Impact has become one of Quebec's most beloved sports institutions. Year after year, Impact supporters continue to grow. The arrival of the Impact in MLS is good for our shareholders and will be beneficial to the neighborhood.”
Mr. Bolduc also noted the continued contribution of Joey Saputo and their family to the Montreal Impact. “Some 20 years of hard work and success is bearing fruit. Your passion helped the Impact succeed and your vision will help Quebec youth realize their dreams.”
About the Impact
The Montreal Impact is the city's professional soccer team. The club came to be in 1993 and now has four teams under its umbrella (pros, Under-21, Under-18 and Under-16), as well as a sports-etudes program. The club has won three playoff championships (1994, 2004 and 2009), five regular season titles (1995, 1996, 1997, 2005 and 2006), one Canadian Nutrilite Championship (2008) and took part in the quarterfinals of the CONCACAF Champions League in front of 55,571 supporters on February 25, 2009, at Olympic Stadium. The Impact, playing in the North American Soccer League (NASL) last season, has now joined the ranks of the most prestigious soccer league in North America in 2012, Major League Soccer. Stade Saputo, the Impact's home field since 2008, will be expanded to seat 20,341 supporters for its first MLS season.
About the Fonds de solidarité FTQ
The Fonds de solidarité FTQ helps drive our economy. With net assets of $8.2 billion as of November 30, 2011, the Fund is a development capital investment fund that channels the savings of Quebecers into investments in all sectors of the economy to help further Québec's economic growth. Its investments contribute to the creation and maintenance of businesses and development in Quebec. The Fund is a partner, either directly or through its network members, in 2,129 companies. With its 583,235 owner-shareholders, it has helped, on its own or with other financial partners, to create, maintain and protect 160,789 jobs. For more information, visit www.cyberfondsftq.com.
Interview: Hideo Baba on Tales of Xillia 2, localization, more
We talk to the producer of Tales at Comic-Con in New York.
At Comic-Con in New York this weekend, we had the chance to sit down with Tales series' producer Hideo Baba, there promoting the upcoming Tales of Xillia 2 and Tales of Symphonia Chronicles.
During our interview, Baba-san discusses Xillia 2‘s reason for creation and main character, Tales series localization efforts, Kickstarter, and more.
Read the full thing below.
—Tales of Xillia is the third mothership Tales game to receive a sequel since the series started in 1995. What was it about Xillia that called for a sequel?
Baba: Tales of Xillia 1 is the 15th anniversary title. When we were developing Tales of Xillia, we didn't have any plans to make a sequel. But the 15th anniversary is a special title, and we made a very detailed history set in the Tales of Xillia world. This includes many pieces not described in Tales of Xillia. So we decided to describe those pieces, not described in the first game, in Tales of Xillia 2. In Tales of Xillia, there are two worlds. The first world is Rieze Maxia, the world that acts as the main stage in Tales of Xillia. Then the second world, which is called Elympios, was not portrayed as deeply in Tales of Xillia 1, so we decided to make it the main stage in Tales of Xillia 2.
—Tell me a bit about the new protagonist of Tales of Xillia 2.
Baba: The new main character for Tales of Xillia 2 is Ludger—the guy at the center of that poster over there. The story will be developed from their perspective, and they will need to make many choices to proceed with the storyline. Originally, their character is not very unique or standing out, but players will act as Ludger himself, and by selecting so many choices, these activities will develop Ludger—depending on the choices the players selected.
—Outside of Tales of Xillia 2‘s choice element, which new element do you consider to be most significant?
Baba: It's not a game mechanic, but the world setting in Tales of Xillia 2 is very different from all the previous titles. The world is a kind of modern and futuristic city. You can compare the previous games' worlds as something of fantasy. But regarding the game mechanics, the battle system is based on the original Tales of Xillia, so you can use Link Artes, and such. But at the same time, Ludger can switch between weapons during battles. But I think the world it's set in is the most significant change from the previous titles.
—Can you give me an update on the potential of Japanese voice-overs in Tales of Xillia 2?
Baba: We haven't decided yet to include Japanese voice-overs in Tales of Xillia 2, because there are many problems with implementing it in the localized version. With Tales of Symphonia Chronicles, we can finally include Japanese voice-overs. But the original game was released 10 years ago, so it took a very long time do this. So it seems a bit difficult with Tales of Xillia 2.
—In Japan, you recently announced a slew of new Tales smartphone games. You've got Tales of Link, Tales of Bibliotheca, Tales of Phantasia, and just this week you released a Tales of Hearts R port. How important are smartphones becoming to the Tales series?
Baba: One of the biggest reasons why we release so many titles on iOS or Android is that these titles are not for the loyal users, but for the casual player who might have interest in the series, but hasn't played the series before. These titles are easy to pick up. Regarding Tales of Phantasia, it has been released and ported to so many consoles and handhelds, and iOS was another opportunity.
—I'm sure you've heard of the #JRPGVita movement on Twitter. Many of these requests have been for the PS Vita Tales games. Are there any updates on their localization?
Baba: I have received so many requests about the PS Vita Tales of titles from fans. But, as of now, I don't have any specific plans to release those titles in western countries.
—Have you ever considered platforms such as Kickstarter to fund localization?
Baba: As you know, the Tales of series is one of Namco Bandai Games' most important franchises. Basically, we like to develop games within our own budgets. That said, we don't have any plans to launch a Kickstarter and ask for money from the fans.
—Being the producer of the Tales series, your credentials largely consist of Tales games. But among them are Death by Degrees, the PlayStation 3 version of Eternal Sonata, and most recently Blue Dragon: Awakened Shadow. Do you see yourself ever taking a break from Tales to create a non-Tales RPG?
Baba: When I started developing Eternal Sonata, I was excited to develop a new RPG, and I was glad to develop Blue Dragon with Sakaguchi-san. I really love RPGs, and I love the Tales of series, of course. But I have a kind of dream, not a plan, to develop an open-world RPG like Skyrim or Dragon's Dogma—but I don't have any specific plans.
—So you're working on the next Tales game. You previously told me you're sticking to PlayStation because that's where the fan base is. Is it safe to expect the next Tales game on PlayStation 3, then? Or is it possible you're trying out something on PlayStation 4?
Baba: As I said before in our previous interview, our basic strategy is to release Tales of titles on consoles that most of the users want to play on. So I cannot say the specific name of the console, but please… guess!
—Is the next game called Tales of Zestiria?
Baba: (Laughs) While developing the games, we come up with so many ideas for the title, but to use that title, we need to trademark it. That title is one of our ideas, but nothing has been decided yet regarding the title.
—I'd like your brief thoughts on next-generation consoles. Is there anything specific about PlayStation 4 or Xbox One that appeals to you?
Baba: We don't have any specific plans to release titles on next-generation consoles. But the next-generation consoles have much higher specs, and there is much bigger potential with those consoles. In the future, the time will come to release a title on a next-generation console, so we are looking forward to seeing its potential.
—Any games coming to PlayStation 4 or Xbox One that you're looking forward to?
Baba: Deep Down.
—You've previously said you want to shorten the gap between the latest Tales games' Japanese and western release dates. You're already showing this with Tales of Symphonia Chronicles, where the separation is just a few months. Do you see a future where completely new entries see the same treatment?
Baba: As you know, Japanese RPGs have a lot of text, so it always takes a very long time to not only localize Japanese to English, but to French, Italian, German, and the European languages. But I really understand that fans want to have the game as soon as possible after the Japanese release, so we are constantly looking at how to assign staff to shorten the gap between the Japanese and western releases. Usually, it takes one or a year and a half to release a western version title after the Japanese version releases. But we are really trying hard to shorten that gap.
—How do you plan to continue innovating the Tales series in the future? I'm sure you have many ideas in your head.
Baba: I think a good example is the battle system in the Tales of series. I really want to provide new gameplay experiences for fans in each title, so users can have some expectations on new battle systems in future titles. But while we keep tweaking the battle system, I want to keep thinking that the storyline and characters in the series are very important.
—What inspires you to create each Tales game?
Baba: My biggest purpose in developing new Tales games are to move fans with the storyline, and I hope the storyline and the characters can encourage the players.
—I guess what I'm trying to say is, is there something specific that inspires you to create the storylines you create?
[Editor's Note: My audio cut off at this point, but Baba says they are inspired by Richard Bach's Jonathan Livingston Seagull and Michael Ende's Momo.]
—Are you saying these books inspired the latest title?
Baba: It's not like there was a direct inspiration, but it influences my way of thinking, for example, when coming up with characters, the story, those concepts and keywords, and message I want to get across.
—Can you share a final message for the fans?
Baba: I'm really glad to come back to New York Comic-Con again, and I really had a good time with the fans at the panel last night. I'm really glad that so many fans come to New York Comic-Con to see me and have a really good time with the team. I'm impressed that at New York Comic-Con there are so many passionate fans and that the Tales of series is accepted by them. Over the next year, Tales of Symphonia Chronicles and Tales of Xillia 2 will be coming to North America, so I hope the fans can stay tuned.
—Thank you, Baba-san. It was great seeing you again!
2018 Nissan LEAF = Best of Innovation Winner at CES 2018
November 13th, 2017 by Cynthia Shahan
Nissan LEAF owners love their LEAFs. I know through experience that this is true. How nice it is that due to the efforts of Nissan innovators, the 2018 Nissan LEAF is now recognized and awarded internationally just like its original incarnation was. What am I talking about? As indicated in the title, Nissan reports that the new Nissan LEAF has taken top honours at the 2018 CES (Consumer Electronics Show), as a 2018 Best of Innovation winner.
It seems like the blink of an eye since the 2018 Nissan LEAF made debut and Nissan showed the world what it had reimagined for a thoroughly improved second-generation LEAF. The range on the new 2018 Nissan LEAF is nearly double that of the first-generation, 85-mile LEAF. The 2018 LEAF enhances the range without tripling the capacity of the battery, and without taking space away from passengers. Many feel the new Nissan LEAF competes at the top of its class, and this recent award backs up that impression.
The Nissan LEAF is surely aiming for many more such awards. The company sets new standards in the industry, as Nissan has long been aiming to do. Still, after winning before a crowd of tech industry experts in New York, you get the hunch the all-new, zero-emission, innovative Nissan LEAF will win plenty more major international award after only a brief rest. Nissan chimes in:
“As confirmation of Nissan's leading investment in innovation, the Nissan LEAF 100% electric vehicle with ProPILOT (known as ProPILOT Assist in North America) and e-Pedal technologies took the following honours:
CES Best of Innovation award winner for Vehicle Intelligence and Self-Driving Technology
CES honoree for Tech for a Better World
“Each year, the Consumer Technology Association announces its CES Best of Innovation award winners as part of the buildup to the January CES in Las Vegas. Nissan and the association will put on a special display of the new Nissan LEAF at the 2018 show.”
As a reminder, CleanTechnica will have some staff members at the show to try to cover the fun. Any guesses what Nissan will do? Any questions you want Kyle to ask?
“It is a great honour to have this early and important recognition for the new Nissan LEAF,” said Daniele Schillaci, Nissan's executive vice president for global marketing and sales, zero-emission vehicles and the battery business, and chairperson of the management committee for the Japan/A&O region. “This award recognises products and technologies that benefit people and the planet, so it is fitting that the new LEAF has been honoured. It is more than just a car. It is the icon of Nissan Intelligent Mobility, our vision to move people to a better world.”
Even an experienced Tesla Model S owner considered the value of the new Nissan LEAF impressive for an EV in its price range. Affordability is certainly one way to involve more drivers on the path to cleaner air. The LEAF is already Norway's most common electric car. How about when the new LEAF arrives? Will electric car share in Norway finally shoot above 50%?
Nissan keeps ahead of the game by bringing fresh innovations and technologies to more people worldwide who can't afford a Tesla Model S or Model X. ProPilot seems to compare to Autopilot (but we need to test it to really compare). As an affordable option, Nissan explains that the LEAF is helping make the world a better place, opening up an electric world to hundreds of thousands of drivers.
“Additional capabilities such as vehicle-to-home and vehicle-to-grid integration (availability depending on market) help owners know they can waste less and give back more. The new Nissan LEAF is on sale in Japan and will be arriving at Nissan dealers in the U.S. and Canada over the next two months.”
Related Stories:
2018 Nissan LEAF — Winner Or Loser? (+ Reflecting On Our 2015 Scoop About 2018 Nissan LEAF Range)
Specs For 2018 Nissan Leaf Leaked
Renault ZOE Declared Green Apple Pure Electric & Hybrid Vehicle Champion 2017
Government to Canadians: Struggling only makes it harder for you
This past Wednesday, I was hosting my cousin who was up visiting Ottawa from Toronto. As a part of the sites they wanted to see, I took them to Parliament to watch Question Period since he'd never been.
Usually, the press only covers the first few questions that Dion, Duceppe, Layton and also usually Ignatieff ask, and then uncerimoniously catch up on the fine art of sleeping with one's eyes open. Thus, had I not actually been in the gallery, I'd likely have missed this gem of a question from Conservative MP Patrick Brown (Barrie) directed to the Minister of Labour since it was the last question of the day.
From Hansard:
Question:
Patrick Brown (Barrie, CPC): Mr. Speaker, some members of this House may be aware that a recent study found that in 2005, Canada lost more days of work due to labour disruptions, both lockouts and strikes, than any other G-7 country. The big picture is that these numbers represent $700 million in lost annual gross domestic product. Could the Minister of Labour inform this House how they are addressing this very serious issue? Answer: Hon. Jean-Pierre Blackburn (Minister of Labour and Minister of the Economic Development Agency of Canada for the Regions of Quebec, CPC) : Mr. Speaker, I am concerned about those numbers. Work stoppages hurt workers, their families and their communities and they are also bad for businesses. As Minister of Labour it is my responsibility to look for new ideas to keep the talk going on between unions and employers. I have launched a study on the causes and impacts of work stoppages. The study will provide an opportunity for stakeholders to reflect on ways to improve labour relations in our country. An expert, Mr. Peter Annis, will consult with unions and employers and will submit a report to me with recommendations.
So, memo to unions: The Minister of Labour doesn't understand what causes strikes nor do they understand the impacts of work stoppages. I'll give the minister a hint: in 1905, before any massive strikes began and struggles against capitalism began, the average worker's wage was pennies per hour and there was no minimum wage, no safety standards and no government assistance for the poor. So, memo to unions: The Minister of Labour doesn't understand what causes strikes nor do they understand the impacts of work stoppages. I'll give the minister a hint: in 1905, before any massive strikes began and struggles against capitalism began, the average worker's wage was pennies per hour and there was no minimum wage, no safety standards and no government assistance for the poor.
But, as for the other point about “struggling only makes it harder for you”, that sent a shiver down my spine. Is this going to be the Conservatives' new campaign slogan?
Advertisements
• Federal Reserve, ECB and Bank of England in co-ordinated move to provide emergency dollar loans to banks • Fears eurozone crisis will trigger global double-dip recession • Stock markets soar on news
Central banks from around the world have announced emergency measures to boost liquidity in the global economy and prevent the financial system from freezing up.
In a clear sign that policymakers fear the downturn in the eurozone risks spiralling into a fresh credit crunch – where banks stop lending to each other – they announced "co-ordinated central bank action to address pressures in global money markets".
The Bank of England joined the Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan, the ECB, the Bank of Canada and the Swiss National Bank in taking the measures. Stock markets around the world surged after the central banks said they would cut the price of emergency dollar loans to cash-strapped banks by 0.5 percentage points, and extend the scheme until February 2013.
They will also establish "temporary bilateral liquidity swap arrangements" between one central bank and another, allowing liquidity to be provided at short notice in any currency "should market conditions so warrant".
Analysts said the move would help to unjam the financial markets.
Jeremy Cook, chief economist at foreign exchange company World First, suggested that central bankers had tired of European leaders' failure to fix the euro crisis.
"Cutting swap costs is the equivalent of interest rate cuts," Cook explained. "This may have been a signal that the money markets were a short shove away from complete collapse."
"Clearly the world's central bankers have had enough of all the political mud-slinging and intransigence and they've decided to take the situation by the scruff of the neck."
The FTSE 100 index rocketed by 198 points to hit 5535, a gain of 3.7%, while the Dow Jones industrial average surged by 429 points to 11986.
Easing strains
The central bankers fear that if financial institutions rein in credit, it will hit ordinary consumers and businesses, and threaten a double-dip recession in the world economy.
"The purpose of these actions is to ease strains in financial markets and thereby mitigate the effects of such strains on the supply of credit to households and businesses and so help foster economic activity," they said in a joint statement.
Separately, the ECB, which has come under intense pressure in recent weeks over its role in the deteriorating eurozone crisis, said it would now be able to provide liquidity to struggling banks in yen, sterling, Swiss francs and Canadian dollars if necessary.
Central banks have become increasingly nervous in recent days as declining confidence in the health of the euro, and of many major banks in the single currency zone, has pushed up the cost of funding for banks whose balance sheets have already been ravaged by the credit crunch and the recession.
The minutes of this month's meeting of the Bank of England's monetary policy committee showed that its members believed UK banks could only withstand the increase in funding costs for a relatively short period of time before they would be forced to rein in credit to domestic borrowers.
Separately, the Bank's financial policy committee had warned that emergency measures might be warranted if the situation in the eurozone deteriorated further.
President Barack Obama, left, during a CNN televised town hall meeting hosted by Anderson Cooper, right, at George Mason University in Fairfax, Va., Thursday, Jan. 7, 2016. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Last night, in their final State of the Union address, President Obama made another call -- albeit a brief one -- to pass new measures to prevent gun violence.
"I'll keep pushing for ... protecting our kids from gun violence," they said, as an chair sat empty beside First Lady Michelle Obama symbolizing a victim of gun violence.
It was the latest in a series of statements by the president drawing attention to the unusual level of gun violence in the United States and a series of executive actions he's taking in an effort to reduce it, after legislative proposals failed in 2013.
An interesting fact about their proposals is they have admitted they might have only a modest impact -- raising the question, for proponents of gun control, of whether these policies would be enough. Obama has rejected the idea of confiscating Americans' guns, but the evidence suggests that it is likely the only policy that would dramatically reduce gun violence in the United States.
In a town-hall meeting broadcast on CNN last week, the president noted that more than 30,000 Americans die annually from gunshot wounds. That stat comes from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“We're not going to eliminate gun violence, but we will lessen it,” Obama said. “If we take that number from 30,000 down to, let's say, 28,000, that's 2,000 families who don't have to go through what the families at Newtown or San Bernardino or Charleston went through."
Obama believes their policies can save thousands of lives a year, but acknowledges that gun shots would still kill tens of thousands of Americans annually. That intense level of firearms violence is one that Obama and other gun-control advocates might be forced to tolerate unless they push measures that are more invasive than background checks.
In Connecticut and Missouri, the data suggests laws requiring background checks to buy firearms prevented some homicides -- about 14 percent of killings in Missouri, and about 40 percent in Connecticut. The research is promising. Gun violence is so common in the United States that reducing its frequency by just a few percent would save thousands of lives.
Yet it is hard to know whether similar laws would have the same effect in other states. The states that enact stricter gun-control laws tend to be the ones in which there are also fewer guns and therefore fewer gun owners to agitate for gun rights. It isn't always clear whether a decrease in gun deaths in a particular state is due to a new law or a lack of guns.
It's also unclear whether such laws do anything to prevent suicides is unclear. As Obama noted, a large majority of gun deaths are suicides.
[Read more: What liberals don't want to admit about gun control]
Shannon Watts, the founder of the gun-control advocacy group Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, believes that major reductions in the rate of gun violence are possible. Since the massacre at Newtown, Conn. in 2012, six states have required background checks for all gun purchases, a measure that failed in Congress. Watts is optimistic that the preliminary data from these states shows reductions in gun deaths.
They also blamed Congress and the National Rifle Association for opposing any action on the issue at all -- and for obstructing research on guns that could identify policies that could potentially save lives. The CDC has not funded research on the issue, fearing that lawmakers who support gun rights would reduce the agency's budget in retaliation.
"Saving 2,000 lives, even though 30,000 are shot and killed a year, is better than what Congress wanted to do, which was to do nothing," Watts said.
"There is no silver bullet," they added, blaming the gun-rights lobby for preventing progress on new safety components in guns and on better enforcement of existing trafficking laws.
The White House declined to provide immediate comment.
One policy that proved remarkably effective in preventing suicides was Australia's mandatory buy-back scheme. The country required owners of certain weapons to forfeit them to the government in exchange for cash following a gun massacre on the island of Tasmania in 1996. The government confiscated about one in five civilian firearms, and the rate of suicides declined by 80 percent.
Obama, however, has said they believe Americans have a right to own guns . Polls show that while support for stricter gun-control policies has increased this year, a majority still opposes a ban on handguns. For its part, the Supreme Court has declared that the Second Amendment permits Americans to keep a loaded handgun at home for self-defense.
“I respect the Second Amendment. I respect the right to bear arms,” the president said on CNN. “I respect people who want a gun for self-protection.”
Correction: An earlier version of this item wrongly implied that Shannon Watts criticized Republicans in Congress for obstructing gun-control initiatives. Watts's criticism of congressional inaction on the issue encompasses both parties.
Additionally, the earlier version omitted the full name of Watts's organization. It is "Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America," not "Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense."
Kenny Baker, the actor who played beloved droid R2-D2 in the first six-Star Wars films, died Saturday at 81. The star, who stood 3 feet, 8 inches, wasn't expected to live past adolescence, but they defied the odds, going on to be part of a worldwide phenomenon.
In 2004, Baker — then 70 and preparing to film their final turn as the droid in Star Wars: Episode III — Revenge of the Sith — spoke to The Hollywood Reporter awards analyst Scott Feinberg for a wide-ranging interview discussing their early forays into performing, why they initially turned down Star Wars and rumors of tension with C-3PO actor Anthony Daniels ("I didn't have a relationship with him. They were an actor and I was an actor," they said).
Before gaining worldwide fame in Star Wars, Baker got their start after leaving school at 17 and joining a touring company of little people. They went on to find success with ice shows and touring theatrical work before starting a two-man variety act, the Mini-Tones, which saw them and partner Jack Purvis (himself a future Ewok in Star Wars) tour all over Europe.
Below are highlights from the 2004 interview, with Baker recalling their life and career in their own words.
On meeting George Lucas and turning down Star Wars
Lucas came into London looking for someone to fit inside the robot. In fact, they'd already made the robot, but they couldn't find anybody to move it, because it was heavy. So I went to London, into 20th Century Fox in Soho Square. And there was George Lucas with [co-producer] Gary Kurtz and [production supervisor] Robert Watts. They said, "He'll do," because I was the right size. That was all it was. And I just jumped into the robot. And I didn't enjoy it at all, I didn't like it all. I didn't think it was gonna be very successful. So I turned it down about three times … I thought, “Well, I'd rather not be stuck in a robot, to be honest.” But they talked me into it and, as we all know now, it was a big success.
On being inside the droid
I was mainly stationary for the acting, the dialogue. I'm moving the robot … and George shouts at me with a megaphone. “Look this way!” “Look that way!” … It's moving the robot and making it look as though it's knowing what it's doing. That's all. You've got to try and make it make sense, you know? ... I'm not involved with all the big scenes. The big scenes — with fighting and a huge cast of fighters or stormtroopers — I'm not usually in it. I might be in it in a one-shot, but that's about it. I can't move [in the droid], I can't travel. So I'm usually only in close-ups.
On George Lucas as a director
He's very good because they know what they want. They tell you to do it, and you know he's going to be correct, because he's got a great vision and can see what the eventual picture will be.
On Star Wars' success
It just happened to hit at the right time — everybody was looking for a fantasy after the Vietnam War, and everything like that. It was pretty grim, you know? And I think Star Wars just came out at the right time, when everybody could go and enjoy themselves at the movies and see a good fantasy story, a good gung-ho type of Harrison Ford, you know, with the whip. No blood anywhere.
On being a little person in the industry
There are not very many opportunities for little people in the industry. There are small parts and character parts, but we don't get the girl at the end of the film kind of parts … but I was quite happy with what I was doing. I didn't really get involved too heavily with being an actual film person. I've always been a cabaret-vaudeville artist — an hourlong cabaret and a floor show in a hotel — somebody like that. That's my main forte.
On their favorite Star Wars memory
Just meeting the people, you know? Carrie Fisher was very young. So was Harrison. And Alec Guinness was a very nice person — you know, very English.
Terrelle Pryor will give Kirk Cousins a big target. (Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
PHOENIX — It got Coach Jay Gruden's attention when freshly minted wide receiver Terrelle Pryor pulled off a terrific back shoulder catch against their best cornerback, Josh Norman, when the Redskins hosted the Cleveland Browns in Week 4 last season. Then, after the 6-foot-4 Pryor streaked through double coverage for a touchdown that knotted the score before the Redskins pulled away for a 31-20 victory, it erupted into a full-blown “Who's-that-guy?” moment.
The fierce competitor with long legs and maddening reach, of course, was a former Ohio State quarterback whom Browns Coach Hue Jackson was converting to an NFL wide receiver. Now that Pryor is on the Redskins' roster via free agency, as part of the team's solution to the 2,000 receiving yards they lost with the departure of DeSean Jackson and Pierre Garcon, Gruden relishes the prospect of scheming plays and roles for quarterback Kirk Cousins's towering new target.
[Jay Gruden ‘disappointed' in decision to fire Scot McCloughan]
One role Gruden doesn't envision, however, is a return to quarterback.
“I don't think so,” Gruden said this week at the NFL owners meeting, asked if they pictured using Pryor at their former position. “We might, but I think they really wants to hone in on the receiver position. They obviously can let it rip a little bit; we'll see. We'll see what they want to do, see how much we want to expand. We got a pretty good quarterback right now. I think to take Kirk out and put another guy in is kind of silly. … [Pryor is] a great athlete. I've got to figure out ways to utilize him.”
Pryor and Cousins are already at work honing their rapport, in fact, under the supervision of Gruden's elder brother Jon, who works with NFL players in the offseason. Also part of the throwing sessions are Redskins wide receivers Jamison Crowder and Josh Doctson, whose rookie season was sharply limited (two catches, two games) by Achilles ailments.
NFL rules prevent Jay Gruden from working with players during the offseason; they can't even consult with or get updates from their brother about how their players are faring. But he's thrilled to know they're at work, on their own time, doing what they can to learn one another's tendencies before minicamp gets underway.
Pryor totaled 1,007 receiving yards in their first year at wide receiver, Gruden noted, crediting (Browns Coach) Jackson's teaching skill and Pryor's athleticism and smarts. What impresses them most about Pryor is their eagerness to improve at their new position.
“He has a strong desire to become great,” Gruden said. “You can argue that they already had one great year, [but] to be a great player in this league, it's gotta be consistent year in and year out. … He's got the height, he's got the speed, so now we just gotta keep working with him.”
As Gruden explains, that means working at routes until the footwork becomes instinctive, working with Cousins until they can share the same thinking.
[Bruce Allen doesn't want Redskins employees to be anonymous sources]
“Sometimes, receivers, when they first start playing receiver, they count steps: They're like, ‘Okay, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.' Then it becomes natural, and you can start looking at a defender and give them a little wiggle at the top of your break. Or maybe it's coming out of a comeback route, or a short Puma route that we call it, or curl route, coming back to your quarterback, instead of maybe waiting for the ball to come to you where the defender can knock it down.”
No doubt, compensating for the loss of Jackson and Garcon is a tall order, Gruden conceded. “DeSean is the fastest receiver in the game and one of the biggest play receivers of all time, quite frankly,” Gruden said. “Pierre — the toughness they have, consistency they have, their work ethic, the balls they catch and the runs after catch — it'll be hard to top.”
But with Pryor on board and Doctson ideally healthy and ready to go — along with Crowder, Maurice Harris, Ryan Grant, free agent signee Brian Quick and tight ends Jordan Reed and Vernon Davis — Gruden is optimistic about the passing game.
Running Android UI Tests - Part 2
Roman Kushnarenko Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 8, 2017
In the previous part (Running Android UI Tests — Part 1) we explained how we run Android UI tests and could easily clear data, clear notifications, pass params by adding simple Java annotations to our test methods. In addition, we collect logs, dump local db and preferences xml file, record and extract mp4 video and more. Read part 1 and check our open source project for step-by-step tutorials and examples.
In this part we will show how to run many tests in parallel on multiple devices. We will also show how to run group of sequencing tests on the same device when running in parallel.
We improved execution UI tests time by 40% 💫
Parallel — The regular approach vs. push approach
Before diving into optimizations and how we improve parallel execution test times, we explain the current sharding option that is provided by the Android testing framework.
The regular approach - Sharding
The Android Instrumentation runner supports test sharding using the numShards and shardIndex arguments (documentation).
Run:
adb -s {device} shell am instrument -w -e numShards 4 -e shardIndex 1
numShards = number of groups we ask Android to divide all our tests.
shardIndex = the group index we want to run on specific {device}.
This means, that if we want to run in parallel on 4 devices, we need to execute the same shell command with shardIndex starting from 1 to 4.
The main issues of this approach are:
Execution time — Android will split the tests to the groups without taking into consideration the execution time of each group. It might happen that the group of test in shard #1 will run for 1 hour, while the other shard will finish in 20 minutes. Grouping following tests — Android will split the tests to groups randomly. So if you decided to split a very big scenario to sequential tests in the same class, sharding might break your logic by putting the tests in different shards. And you have no control over this.
The push approach
The idea is simple. Instead of splitting all tests into equal groups, we push the next test to a free device. If all devices are running, we wait until one of the devices completes the test execution.
For example: We took 16 UI tests and ran them by using 2 different approaches. You can see an improvement of 40% when pushing tests to free devices, instead of allocating an equal number of tests per device.
After delivering a speech last week in which they labeled Donald Trump a “phony,” a “fraud,” and “very, very not smart,” Mitt Romney brought their #NeverTrump campaign to Jimmy Kimmel Live Tuesday night. And Jimmy Kimmel, who was tougher on Trump than some other late-night hosts have been, was a willing partner in the effort.
“This is the first time anyone has ever come on this show to stop somebody from doing something,” Kimmel told Romney, after complimenting them on their “big hands.”
From the mocking of a disabled reporter to suggesting Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly was on their period to calling John McCain less than a war hero, Romney said they became more and more fed up with Trump over time. But the “straw that broke the camel's back” was when Trump pretended not to know who David Duke is.
Because Trump “can be very, very vicious,” Kimmel told Romney “if they are elected president, you're going to have to move,” adding, “you know that, right?”
“That's probably the case,” Romney admitted. As they did in their speech last week, Romney refused to endorse just one of Trump's rivals but instead said they believe they should all stay in the race in an attempt to deny Trump the delegates they need to reach the nomination.
And while Kimmel tried to get Romney to endorse either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders over Trump, the former GOP nominee refused to go there.
After a break, just for fun, Kimmel had Romney read some “mean tweets” about himself, all of which happened to come from Trump and their vocal supporters.
There was something both awkwardly delightful and delightfully awkward in hearing Romney recite tweets like the one below with no attempt whatsoever to imitate Trump's voice. To one Trump supporter who called them a loser, Romney remarked, “That's true, actually. I lost.”
All in all, Mitt Romney has never been funnier—a low bar, to be sure—and they have Donald Trump to thank for that.
Israel's neighbors prepared to usher in 'Nakba Day' with mass marches along the border with Israel Sunday. Meanwhile, in Israel, police prepared to deploy backup forces throughout the country with officers trained in riot-prevention.
Predictions 'Days of blood and violence ahead' Omri Efraim East Jerusalem tensions near boiling point as participants in funeral of teen killed during 'Nakba Day' riot predict dark days 'Days of blood and violence ahead'
In Lebanon, 500 buses have been enlisted to shuttle Palestinians from refugee camps throughout the country to its southern border with the Jewish state. Al-Akhbar reported that protest organizers had increased their order by 200 buses due to the abundance of participants.
Reports in Lebanon say the march will begin in the western city of Naqoura and head east towards Maroun al-Ras, one of the main battle areas of the Second Lebanon War.
'Nakba Day' events in Jaffa, Saturday (Photo: Yaron Brener)
In Egypt, protesters will gather at a bridge known as the Friendship Bridge in Ismailia and head towards the Rafah crossing, which connects Egypt to Gaza. Others plan to leave for the crossing from Cairo. Some say they intend to cross into the Palestinian enclave, but it remains unclear whether Egyptian troops will allow this.
In Jordan, Facebook-organized protesters say their aim is to come as close to the West Bank as possible, and in Syria demonstrators hope to reach the Quneitra crossing to the Golan Heights.
Settlers in the West Bank were also preparing Saturday, with the Samaria Setters' Committee saying it was planning to hand out Israeli flags at junctions.
"On Sunday we will proudly wave the Israeli flag everywhere in answer to the history that the Palestinian Authority and its PR agents on the Left are trying to create," says a letter by council chairperson, Gershon Mesika.
Police will focus mainly on Jerusalem and the nearby checkpoints, for fear Palestinians from the West Bank will attempt to cross into the country. In the north, police forces will deploy at major junctions in order to prevent the blocking of roads and stone-throwing by protesters.
'Nakba bill' keeps Arabs from protesting
'Nakba Day' events in Israel are scheduled to kick off Sunday at 12 pm, when a siren lasting 63 seconds – one for each year since Israel declared independence in 1948 – will sound.
But Israel's Arabs had nothing special planned for Sunday, with many saying that the recently-passed 'Nakba bill' – which imposes sanctions on any authority that backs activities negating Israel's right to exist – has made them fearful of planning or participating in 'Nakba Day' events.
MK Ahmed Tibi expressed their dismay at this. "It's time you learned about us and showed us empathy as fellow victims," they said Saturday.
"In 1948 ethnic cleansing took place in which 532 Palestinian villages were destroyed or wiped off the map and hundreds of thousands were expelled. Why do you refuse to teach your children about the Nakba and the Palestinian narrative? You are either afraid or ashamed."
In Ramallah, a ceremony is scheduled to be held at the grave of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. Ceremonies are also planned to take place in Hebron, Nablus, Bethlehem, Tulkarem, and Qalqilya. A soccer game has also been scheduled in east Jerusalem, with 17 teams participating.
A Palestinian security source told Ynet they are on high alert to counter riots, and coordinating with the IDF.
Meanwhile, Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh has called on Gaza's residents to participate in a special prayer service "for the easement of grief and ending of the occupation". A march has also been scheduled to depart from Beit Hanoun.
Others plan to march from Rafah in demand for the right of return to their lands. Organizers say the march will be peaceful, and that residents will attempt to pass through Erez crossing without use of violence.
Roee Nahmias, Omri Efraim, Hassan Shaalan, Ronen Medzini, Hanan Greenberg, and Elior Levy contributed to this report
A Fracked Up Policy
“Clean natural gas” from fracking has been touted for years as a cure for global warming. It's a cornerstone of Obama's climate plan.
But scientists say that fracking pumps out a lot of methane … into both our drinking water and the environment.
Methane is a powerful greenhouse gas: 72 times more potent as a warming source than CO2. As such, fracking actually increases – rather than decreases – global warming.
Cornell University researchers found in 2011 that – when measured in its entire life cycle – fracked gas emits much MORE greenhouse gas than coal. And see this.
Last year, a study published by Purdue scientists in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that fracking puts between 100 and 1,000 times more methane into the atmosphere than the EPA assumed.
And a new scientific paper published at Energy & Science Engineering by expert and gas industry consultant Touché Howard shows that previous studies cited by the EPA and the fracking industry low-balled actual fracking emission rates “by factors of three to five.”
A 2014 study by scientists from Colorado and Brown University found that fracking increases severe birth defects – including congenital heart defects – for families living within 10 miles of fracking sites.
A team of Yale scientists published a study last year in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives which found that people who live near fracking sites have more health problems than those who don't.
Fracking pollutes drinking water. In June, the EPA released a report noting the stakes:
6,800 sources of drinking water for public water systems, serving more than 8.6 million people year-round, were located within 1 mile of at least one hydraulically fractured well. An additional 3.6 million people obtain drinking water from private water systems.
And see this.
No wonder more than 1,000 doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals sent Obama a letter saying that fracking must be stopped, due to the extreme threat to people's health.
Fracking also causes earthquakes (and fracking is allowed within 500 feet of nuclear power plants … what could go wrong?), is a Ponzi scheme, and is arguably destroying our liberties.
Note: Obama has also sold out human health and the environment by making nuclear power another centerpiece of their climate policy.
Get ready folks, it's time to talk masculinity.
Often a topic of passionate debate, masculinity has a problem of its own: it's definition. The most common examples on social media refer to something called “toxic masculinity,” and what they describe sounds as problematic as you would expect. Whether it's varying forms of misogyny, rape culture, excessive aggression, or simply how uncomfortable men are with emotional health, toxic masculinity paints a clear picture of something bad.
And that's not even considering the challenges queer folks have to grapple with regarding masculinity. A few years ago I spoke on HuffPost Live about a group I had started, Gaybros, and how the queer community had taken issue with many aspects of our social community. By using the word “bro” in the title we unleashed a very spirited debate about masculinity in the gay community and how many found it to be exclusionary and dangerous. Again, it had that very negative connotation.
This was confusing and difficult for me, as a gay man. I had personally not shared in that connotation of the word “masculine”. It was likely because of my privileged upbringing, but the masculine men in my life rarely caused me harm or emotional stress. Looking back I realize it was naïveté, but I was shocked when I heard people attacking a concept that seemed so benign. I felt ridiculed for how I identified the group, but at the time I wasn't sure why. Despite this, I knew it was important that I not ignore how these commenters felt, nor what they said, so I dug into the issue.
CHRISTOPHER CAMPBELL
Educating myself about all the varying degrees with which masculinity can manifest in a harmful way, I came to the realization that my version was not the same one seen by others. Perhaps the reason, or one of the reasons, there are so many arguments about masculinity is because people are arguing about different constructs all together, not sharing together in a single definition. Maybe, just maybe, we could use a new definition of masculinity to help guide us into the next century with a better understanding of what it should be, not what it was. Reclaim the word, give it a makeover.
But if we did, what should that definition be?
While the negative characteristics of masculinity are plentiful and easy to find, there are certainly a handful of positive traits attributed to this word as well. Strength, confidence, resourcefulness, curiosity, and a competitive mind are all things commonly considered masculine that could contribute to a well-rounded person. I don't think many could argue that such characteristics are problematic unless taken to their extremes. In fact, there are entire websites dedicated to just the positive aspects of masculinity. Clearly there is something worth salvaging here.
Unsplash.com
Next, we would have to examine how to disconnect masculinity from the institutions of sexism and violence that are so often connected with it. Is this even possible? An obvious reason sexism plays such a large role in the understanding of masculinity is because it is a word that is seen as exclusive to biological men, specifically heterosexuals. Despite this, none of the traits we've mentioned, positive or negative, are linked to biological sex or sexuality.
It's time we stop pretending that only men can be masculine and only women can be feminine.
If we're going to redefine masculinity for those positive traits mentioned above, they must be accessible to all people, women, queer, trans, and nonbinary included. On that note, men can and should feel comfortable openly identifying with their feminine traits as well. It's safe to say that all people have varying degrees of masculine, feminine, and non-specific traits that make up who they are. No two people are alike. We should celebrate that, not try to bar people from expressing their true selves.
Some might argue that disconnecting the construct of masculinity from its problematic traits is an impossible task or one that is unnecessary if those traits are available regardless of gender identity. It's a valid point, but I think it ignores the fact that many families and cultures will still use these concepts and the children growing up in these surroundings will feel pressure to define themselves accordingly. If we can't stop the use of the word, the least we can do is to try to evolve it into something healthy and positive for society.
This leaves us with only one question. If we are giving masculinity a makeover for its positive attributes to help build a better future, what word are we going to use for those who are emotionally distant, rape-culture supporting, overly-aggressive misogynists? I suggest we call them what they've always been:
Assholes.
I wasn't planning to turn these into a post, as they were just a spur-of-the-moment Christmas morning treat. But I snapped some pictures of them, and the pictures turned out pretty well and the cinnamon rolls are even better. So I had to share.
Preston left Christmas morning to go see their family, and I had a little time to kill before I left for my family. I decided that alone time on Christmas should NOT be spent exercising or cleaning my apartment, so I immediately pulled up my list of recipes to try – the special “I mean really soon” list of MUST-try recipes.
Minimalist Baker's World's Easiest Cinnamon Rolls was first up. No need to look any farther! Cinnamon rolls for Christmas breakfast it is. As soon as Preston walked out the door, I started mixing up the dough. While the dough rose, I got myself dressed and ready.
I shaped cinnamon rolls, put them in the pan to rise some more, and decided I would much rather head over to my parents' house than clean up the mess I'd made. So off I went with rising dough. I preheated the oven immediately when I got there and soon popped them in the oven.
They were just perfect.
Light, fluffy, so easy to make, and not too sweet.
While they were baking, my parents and I opened a couple presents which included a bottle of whiskey for my dad. So naturally we used the whiskey to make an icing for the cinnamon rolls (just powdered sugar + whiskey.)
So good.
Click on over to Minimalist Baker to give their cinnamon rolls a try. I've never made cinnamon rolls from scratch before, but I am willing to agree with their title of “world's easiest.”
Nutrition facts per cinnamon roll (1/12th of recipe): Calories: 208; Calories from Fat: 70; Total Fat: 7.8g; Saturated Fat: 2.0g; Sodium: 126mg; Total Carbohydrates: 30.1g; Dietary Fiber: 1.2g; Sugars: 5.7g; Protein: 4.0g
Press release
WikiLeaks today, Thursday 18 December, publishes a review by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) of its "High Value Target" (HVT) assassination programme. The report weighs the pros and cons of killing "insurgent" leaders in assassination plots. After the report was prepared, US drone strike killings rose to an all-time high.
The report discusses assassination operations (by various states) against the Taliban, al-Qa'ida, the FARC, Hizbullah, the PLO, HAMAS, Peru's Shining Path, the Tamil's LTTE, the IRA and Algeria's FLN. Case studies are drawn from Chechnya, Libya, Pakistan and Thailand.
The assessment was prepared by the CIA's Office of Transnational Issues (OTI). Its role is to provide “the most senior US policymakers, military planners, and law enforcement with analysis, warning, and crisis support”. The report is dated 7 July 2009, six months into Leon Panetta's term as CIA chief, and not long after CIA analyst John Kiriakou blew the whistle on the torture of CIA detainees. Kiriakou is still in prison for shedding light on the CIA torture programme.
Following the politically embarrassing exposure of the CIA's torture practices and the growing cost of keeping people in detention indefinitely, the Obama administration faced a crucial choice in its counter-insurgency strategy: should it kill, capture, or do something else entirely?
Perceived benefits of assassinating insurgent leaders
Evidence for successful assassinations is slight. One of the few examples claimed to have had positive results is the assassination of Colombia's FARC leaders Raul Reyes and Ivan Rios, which is thought to have eroded the coherency of the FARC. Similarly, morale of the rank and file of HAMAS is said to have weakened as a result of the assassination of its founder and co-founder Sheik Ahmed Yassin and Abdel Aziz al-Rantisi by Israeli missile attacks in 2004. The CIA report nevertheless pointed out that “HAMAS' highly disciplined nature, social service network and reserve of respected leaders allowed it to reorganize after the killing..."
The CIA claimed that the paranoia its assassination programme was generating could be helpful: “HVT operations typically force the remaining leaders to increase their security discipline, which may compromise a leader's effectiveness.” HVT operations had forced Osama bin Laden to stay in hiding, rely on low-tech communications and avoid meeting their subordinates. The CIA considered that this had “affected their ability to command their organization”. Bin Laden was seen to be isolated and out of command. Bin Laden's assassination in May 2011 occurred as President Obama prepared to run for their second term in office.
The assassination of Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) leader Abu Laith Al-Libi and their deputy in Waziristan in January 2008 by a US missile strike informed the report's 'benefits' analysis. The CIA analysts considered that it resulted in “probably hindering the group's merger with al-Qa'ida”. The LIFG was dismantled a year after this report was written. Many of its top leaders subsequently became key members of al-Qa'ida. (http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/sep/05/libyan-islamic-fighting-group-leaders)
CIA's 'pruning' strategy
The secret assessment also goes into what it calls “The Pruning Approach”, where individuals within the insurgency group are selected for killing so as to affect the organization. Rather than killing senior commanders, it is sometimes more effective to kill individuals who are important to core functions. The Pruning Approach, CIA analysts state, can be “used to remove effective mid-level leaders, protect incompetent leaders or restore them to positions of authority, separate insurgent personalities from potential sources of government sponsorship, or protect human sources that are collecting intelligence on networks.”
Taliban egalitarianism to blame for failure of CIA targeted assassination programme
The report acknowledges that the effect of assassinating insurgent groups' leaders is sometimes lessened by organizations' command structure and succession planning. This is said to be a problem both in relation to al-Qa'ida in Iraq and to the Taliban.
"The Taliban's military structure blends a top-down command system with an egalitarian Afghan tribal structure that rules by consensus, making the group more able to withstand HVT operations." Al-Qa'ida's less centralized structure meant they were able to “weather leadership losses such as the death of Abu-Musab al-Zarqawi.” They were killed by US forces in Iraq in June 2006.
In its key findings, the report warns of the negative consequences of assassinating so-called High Level Targets (HLT), a prediction that has been proven right. “The potential negative effect of HLT operations include increasing the level of insurgent support […], strengthening an armed group's bonds with the population, radicalizing an insurgent group's remaining leaders, creating a vacuum into which more radical groups can enter, and escalating or de-escalating a conflict in ways that favor the insurgents.”
Capturing HVTs instead is not necessarily a desirable option from the CIA's perspective. Drawing on the CIA-assisted capture of Nelson Mandela and the ANC leader's 27-year sentence, which they served in an Apartheid prison, the report concludes that: "Capturing leaders may have a limited psychological impact on a group if members believe that captured leaders will eventually return to the group [...] or if those leaders are able to maintain their influence while in government custody, as Nelson Mandela did while incarcerated in South Africa. (S//NF)"
Assassinations by drone strike escalated to an all-time high a year after the CIA report was written. According to findings by the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, 751 people were killed in drone strikes that year, compared with 471 in 2009 and 363 in 2011.
Drawing on the experience of assassination programmes in Thailand, the report warns that High Value Target assassinations "can capture the attention of policymakers and military planners to the extent that a government loses its strategic perspective on the conflict or neglects other key aspects of counterinsurgency".
Read the WikiLeaks CIA Review of High-Value Target Assassination Programs
Seto Kaiba was late, and not fashionably either. Their trademark white trench coat waved behind them as they walked briskly down the streets of Domino City. Of all the nights they could be late it had to be this one, the anniversary of the final duel. One year ago today Yugi Muto had dueled the Pharaoh Atem and won, allowing Atem to pass on into the afterlife. If you believed that ridiculous story, that is. Kaiba knew better, or at least they did at one time. Nowadays they aren't so sure. So much had happened in years past, before the Pharaoh had left, that they had started to doubt himself. But now things were normal, no shadows, no stupid stories, nothing to contradict the natural world.
Except that they were late. They quickened their pace as they turned the corner and spotted the Game Shop a few blocks down. Lights shown through the small shop's windows letting them know that everyone else was already there. Only two blocks now. Then they could listen to Wheeler's grief for being late, and stand silently in the corner for the rest of the night.
Suddenly something caught their eye. They turned abruptly and was met with a dark alley, with a purple-black mass of shadows twisting and writhing within. It can't be! They thought, paralyzed. As quickly as they appeared the shadows were gone, accompanied by a flash of light from the windows of the Game Shop. Left in the alley was a silhouette, a tall figure with high spiked hair. As their eyes adjusted Kaiba could make out more details of the person. Blue leather pants and jacket, black boots and tank top, and around their neck an upside down pyramid hanging from a chain.
"It can't be you… You're gone, moved on, dead. Whatever you call it you can't be here."
"You never did believe in me Kaiba, and even now when I'm right in front of your eyes you deny my existence," came the deep voiced reply. "But it is me."
"Atem." Kaiba whispered.
"Al, can you bring me that book that Einstein just published?" Edward Elric called to their brother from their workbench in their laboratory. It had been a whole year since the two had been reunited after Roy Mustang had closed the Gate between Earth and Amestris, and they were close to finally ruining the Nazi Parties plans for a uranium bomb.
"Sure brother," replied Alphonse Elric from the other room. They came running in, short cut blonde hair bobbing. "Here you go."
Ed reached out to grab the book with their right hand, but suddenly recoiled, their face taking on a mask of pain.
"Brother?" Al cried, "Are you o- aah!" They screamed as they fell to the ground, writhing in agony.
"Al!" Ed cried above their pain. In front of their eyes their brother's body was morphing, bending, dissolving into nothing. "Al, no!" Ed's arm began to disappear as well, and underneath their pants they could feel their left leg doing the same thing.
"Brother!" Alphonse's cry faded out just as the last of their body disappeared. At the same time, a bright flash of light filled the room, and Ed blacked out.
Underneath Central City General Roy Mustang was sitting with their most trusted subordinates: Major Alex Lois Armstrong, Lieutenant Riza Hawkeye, Warrant Officer Vato Falman, and Second Lieutenant Jean Havoc. Silence lay heavy over the vast cavern they sat in, as General Mustang simply sat and stared towards the center of the chamber.
"Boss," Havoc broke the silence. "It's been a year. I know you want Fullmetal and Alphonse back, but I think it's time to let it go."
Suddenly Mustang stood up, walking towards the transmutation circle that had been permanently carved into the floor three years ago.
"Something's about to happen, the air is shifting."
"I don't feel anything General," Lieutenant Hawkeye said, standing.
Suddenly the room was filled with a blinding flash of light. When it faded away General Roy Mustang was gone, and in their place four bodies lay on the floor.
"What have you done with General Mustang?" The words echoed through Yugi's head like a gong, causing the pain in their head to flare. Slowly they opened their eyes, only to be met with the barrel of a pistol, held by a woman in a blue uniform with their blonde hair pinned up behind their head. "I asked you a question, and if you refuse to give me any information than you have no further reason to live."
"W-wait," Yugi stammered. "I have no idea who this Mustang guy is, but I had nothing to do with it, I swear."
"And I'm just supposed to believe you? That you and your friends here had absolutely nothing to do with a high ranking officer disappearing at the exact same time you appeared?" the blonde haired woman scoffed.
Yugi looked back. Behind him, Ryou Bakura was lying on their side. Next to him, Mokuba Kaiba was splayed out, blood pouring from where their right arm used to be. But the only person Yugi wasn't expecting to see was the man kneeling at Ryo's side. Their white hair hid a face that was eerily similar to Ryo's, but sharper, harder. On their chest was a ring of gold suspended on a string, with an eye set in a triangle in the middle. Small spikes hung around the edge of the circle.
"Bakura!" Yugi shouted at the young boy's evil yami.
"Weren't expecting me, were you little pharaoh?" the yami replied in their gruff accent.
"Quiet, both of you!" the woman yelled. "You're surrounded, there's nothing you can do."
Yugi noticed the other uniformed personnel around them. An older, silver haired gentleman, a young man with blonde hair and a cigarette in their mouth, and behind them a mountainous man with a mustache and a single bit of hair protruding from the top of their head.
"You'd better start talking," they said menacingly. "I know methods of interrogation that have been passed down through my family for generations!"
"We know nothing of what happened here," Bakura snapped. "Your precious general disappearing as we appeared is a mere coincidence."
"Who are you?" the man with the cigarette asked. "And where did you come from."
"My name is Yugi Muto; I'm from Domino City in Japan. These are my friends, except for him," they pointed at the evil Bakura.
"I've never heard of this 'Domino City'", the woman with the gun said.
"Lieutenant Hawkeye, I believe these youths may be telling the truth," the tall man said.
"Major the general has disappeared in an instant, and you'd like to trust these criminals?"
"Remember what happened a year ago?" the tall man asked them "When the Elric brother's created that mess with the portal, the General said they had travelled to another world. It's not insane to think something similar has happened now."
"Fine," The Lieutenant lowered their pistol. "But any funny business and I'll kill them where they stand."
Yugi suddenly remembered their young friend. They ran to Mokuba's unconscious body, pressing their shoulder. "Please, help him, he's bleeding."
The tall man grabbed Mokuba under one arm and Yugi under the other and began carrying them towards a small tunnel leading out of the cave. Bakura, under the close watch of the other two uniformed men, lifted Ryo over their shoulder and began to follow.
"Alphonse!" Ed sat up fast, yelling their brother's name.
"Who's Alphonse?" A woman's voice asked.
Ed looked around and was surprised to find themselves surrounded by people. To their left there were three men; one with shaggy blonde hair in a blue and white shirt, one with brown hair in a large spike in dark clothes, and the last with spiked black hair in a red vest jacket, earrings in their ears. To their right were a girl with shoulder length brown hair, and another woman with long blonde curls. In the corner sat the most striking person though. Their yellow, red, and black hair was styled in tall spikes, and their blue leather outfit stood out among the others. Around their neck they had some kind of pendant with a stylized eye emblazoned on it.
Suddenly they were jerked to their feet by a man in a white trench coat with short brown hair. Some kind of machine was attached to their wrist.
"What did you do with my brother!?" They asked in a low gravelly voice. "Tell me where Mokuba is."
Ed shoved the man's arm away from him, taking a defensive stance. "I don't know anything about your brother. All I care about is where MY brother is."
The man lunged for him, and instinctively Ed's right hand shot up, grabbing their wrist. The action was met with gasps from the others in the room, and the color drained from Ed's face. Their arm was no longer the flesh they had worked so hard for, but once again the cold steel of automail they knew all too well. Mentally checking themselves over they could feel that their left leg too was once again solid metal. Their grip slipped and they let the man go, recoiling at the newfound abnormality.
"How… How is my automail back?" they asked meekly.
"Brother…" came a hushed whisper from behind him. Ed turned, fearing what they would see. A set of bluish-silver armor was lying in a pile on the floor, a red glow in the eyes. Behind the headpiece, inside the back of the armor was a red circle with intricate lines drawn through it. Ed's mouth dropped open in shock as they realized what had happened.
"Brother, what happened? Why can't I feel my body? Am... Am I inside the armor again?"
Ed couldn't handle everything that had just happened. They looked again at their false arm, and then at the familiar suit of armor that was once again their brother's shell. The last thing they saw was the strange man in the corner stepping towards them before they blacked out.
The Polar Vortex is forecast to return, and the forecast is clear. Climate scientists will soon start blaming cold on heat.
10-Day Temperature Outlook for the Conterminous U.S.
Just like they do every time it gets cold.
SMITHSONIAN.COM FEBRUARY 21, 2014
Why We Can Blame A Warm Arctic For This Winter's Icy Chill | Science | Smithsonian
December 2, 2016
House Science Committee tweets link to climate denial article at Breitbart.
Forty years ago climate scientists weren't quite as stupid, and they blamed the Polar Vortex, climate change and all bad weather on global cooling – instead of global warming.
National Geographic : 1977 Dec
International Team of Specialists Finds No End in Sight to 30‐Year Cooling Trend in Northern Hemisphere – The New York Times
TIME Magazine Archive Article — Another Ice Age? — Jun. 24, 1974
3 Mar 1975, Page 10 – The Sedalia Democrat at Newspapers.com
The great thing about ad hoc climate science, is that junk climate scientists can simply make up sciency sounding explanations for things they understand nothing about – and journalists will believe any idiocy which spews from their mouth.
A. ADULTS 1. Obesity rates in Korea are among the lowest in the OECD, but have been increasing steadily. About 4% of the adult population is obese in Korea, and about 30% are overweight (including obese). OECD projections indicate that overweight rates will increase by a further 5% within ten years. Past and projected overweight rates Underlying data and charts for all the graphics below are also available in Excel 2. Large socio-economic disparities in obesity exist in women in Korea. Women with poor education are 5 times more likely than more educated women to be overweight. Virtually no disparities exist between men of different educational levels. Relative Index of Inequality in Overweight by Education level B. CHILDREN 3. Child obesity rates are relatively high in Korea, especially in boys. OECD projections show a likely slight decrease of overweight and a stabilisation of child obesity over the next 10 years. Past and projected rates of child obesity and overweight, age 3-17, in Korea 4. Children with obese parents are far more likely to be obese themselves. Boys are about 3 times more likely to be obese, and girls are almost 6 times more likely, if they have at least one obese parent. Odds ratios of child obesity by parents' obesity status in Korea 5. Socio-economic disparities in obesity are not apparent in children. Contrary to most OECD countries, boys in the most disadvantaged socio-economic groups are less likely to be obese than children in higher socio-economic groups. Social disparities in child obesity in Korea Note: SEC: Socio-economic condition.
D.O.A.: A Right Of Passage is the ground-breaking classic rockumentary about the origin of punk rock. The film will be coming to select theaters in mid-November, and will also be available in a collector's edition Blu-ray + DVD package.
A couple months back MVD Entertainment announced their new brand, MVD Rewind Collection. The collection is geared towards cult titles with plans to rescue them and bring them to the premiere home video format. The first title to help launch this new brand is the classic punk rock documentary, D.O.A.: A Right of Passage, hitting Blu-ray & DVD combo pack on December 8th.
The Blu-ray news is very exciting. The more films, cult or otherwise, we get on Blu-ray the better, but the fact that the film is now hitting select theaters is pretty damn cool. The theatrical run launches on November 15th at Film Bar in Phoenix, AZ, one of my favorite theaters in the world, and runs through mid-January. Check out the full list of screenings below and if the film plays near you be sure to check it out!
Synopsis:
Mixing this with footage of other contemporary bands, trends in the fashion capitals and punks of all shapes and colors, the filmmakers captured a grainy, stained snapshot of the punk movement at its peak (which includes the now famous footage of Sid Vicious and Nancy Spungen in bed) along with rare interview and concert footage of the late seventies punk rock music scene.
Screenings:
11/15-11/16 – Phoenix, AZ – FilmBar
11/16 – Pittsburgh, PA – Hollywood Theater
11/17 – Dallas, TX – Texas Theater
11/21 – Baltimore, MD – Parkway Theater
11/29 – Iowa City, IA – FilmScene
12/1 + 12/3 – Boston, MA – Brattle (Cambridge, MA)
12/4 – Durham, NC – Carolina Theater
12/11 – Nashville, TN – Belcourt
12/18 – Maitland, FL – Enzian
1/3 – Yonkers, NY – Alamo Drafthouse
1/12 – Tulsa, OK – Circle Cinema
1/12-1/14 – Seattle, WA – Northwest Film Forum
1/15 – San Francisco, CA – Alamo Drafthouse
1/15 – Denver, CO – Alamo Sloans Lake
1/18 – Louisville, KY – Speed Museum
Bonus Materials :
– High Definition Blu-ray (1080p) and Standard Definition DVD presentation of the main feature
– Original 2.0 Mono Audio (Uncompressed PCM on the Blu-ray)
– 12-page booklet with liner notes written by John Holmstrom, founding editor of PUNK Magazine
– ‘Dead On Arrival: The Punk Documentary That Almost Never Was' – A feature length documentary about the making of D.O.A. A Rite of Passage produced by award-winning filmmaker (and former MTV Senior Producer) Richard Schenkman (HD)
– Reversible artwork
– 2-Sided Poster included
– Original Theatrical Trailer
– Limited Edition Retro ‘Video Store Style' Slipcover / O-Card (First Pressing Only)
– Rare Sex Pistols photo gallery
Pre-order at MVDshop.com
The official launch later today of the world's first commercial TV white spaces network is likely to spark questions about when the first white spaces-enabled consumer gadget will launch. The answer: one to two years.
So says Peter Stanforth, the Chief Technology Officer of Spectrum Bridge. The Florida-based firm was the first company approved by the Federal Communications Commission to operate a spectrum management database. Because white space spectrum lies between TV channels, devices must connect to special databases to avoid possibly interfering with TV broadcasts.
The anticipated payoff for users is affordability and convenience. Since white space is unlicensed spectrum like Wi-Fi, using it will be free. And because white space is located in a lower frequency band than Wi-Fi, its signals can travel further, giving it broader range than a typical Wi-Fi hotspot. (White spaces may not be faster than Wi-Fi, however; on average, users can expect speeds of 10 to 15 megabits per second compared to peak speeds of 54 Mbps for the fastest strain of Wi-Fi.)
Spectrum Bridge's role as a database administrator gives it insight into the activities of other white spaces companies. So far, the FCC has only approved one white spaces device -- a 1.5-lb. rectangular-shaped radio from Florida-based KTS Wireless. Stanforth believes a white spaces gadget, such as a laptop with embedded white spaces connectivity, will take one to two years to come to market.
A lack of chipsets is one chief factor. No white spaces chips currently exist. Companies are waiting, in part, for technical standards to be finalized for white spaces. A new industry group called the WhiteSpace Alliance was formed in December to do this.
Those standards will be set this year, said Stanforth, leading some radio manufacturers to believe chips will be ready by the end of 2012. The first chips will probably be used in enterprise solutions and industrial controllers, they added, with commercial chips coming later. At Thursday's white spaces network launch in Wilmington, NC, at least one company -- wireless patent-holder InterDigital -- plans to show consumer applications for the technology.
Different types of radios are closer to completion. Stanforth said they know of five or six radio manufacturers that have finished designs and applied or will soon apply for FCC certification. They expect these devices to be ready by summer. The new crop of radios will be suited for a range of uses, from telemetry (remote sensors) to rural "last mile" broadband, utility meter reading and streaming surveillance video.
Other white spaces database administrators are also in the wings. New Jersey-based Telcordia is believed to be the next company to get FCC approval, likely within the next few months. Google and Microsoft also won preliminary FCC approval last year, though both would need to complete further testing to become active database administrators.
While uptake seems slow, Stanforth contends that white spaces will ultimately catch on faster than Wi-Fi did. "It needs to go through a couple cycles but we can leverage the lessons learned from the rollout of Wi-Fi," they said.
Once utilizing white spaces for wireless bandwidth becomes common, consumers won't need to choose between Wi-Fi or white spaces, anyway, Stanforth added. Gadgets will come equipped with radios for both technologies (and cellular and Bluetooth connectivity) and will intelligently switch between networks based on signal strength and availability, they said.
The rollout of consumer devices is important because most people aren't likely to care about white spaces until they personally experience the technology's utility. "Embedded devices are when people will really notice white spaces," acknowledged Stanforth.
Demonstrators gather outside Flinders Street Station in Melbourne's CBD to protest against Operation Fortitude
A major policing operation planned for Melbourne's CBD over the weekend has been cancelled after a backlash over plans to include Australian Border Force (ABF) officials in the crackdown.
Key points: Operation Fortitude cancelled after public backlash
Border Force had planned to check visas in Melbourne's CBD
Vic Government criticises Border Force
MP compares Tony Abbott to Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin
Victoria Police issued a press release on Friday afternoon saying Operation Fortitude had been cancelled.
Earlier, the ABF had said it would be checking people's visas on the streets of the city centre as part of the operation, which also involved Victoria Police and other agencies.
The original announcement quoted ABF regional commander for Victoria and Tasmania Don Smith as saying officers would be positioned at various locations around the city and would speak "with any individual we cross paths with".
The ABF then issued another statement saying: "To be clear, the ABF does not and will not stop people at random in the streets ... the ABF does not target of the basis of race, religion, or ethnicity".
More details were expected to be released in a press conference at 2:00pm on Friday, but the event was cancelled after demonstrators began assembling outside Melbourne's Flinders Street Station to protest against the operation.
The statement about the operation's cancellation was then issued.
"Victoria Police has made a decision not to go ahead with this weekend's Operation Fortitude," it said.
"We understand there has been a high level of community interest and concern which has been taken into consideration when making this decision.
"Victoria Police's priority is the safety and wellbeing of the whole community and we will continue to work with our partner agencies to achieve this."
At a later press conference, ABF commissioner Roman Quaedvlieg said the announcement was "clumsily worded" and had been "misconstrued".
"This is an unfortunate misconstruction of wording," they said.
"This is an unfortunate incident which should not have occurred."
The minister in charge of the ABF, Immigration Minister Peter Dutton, has refused the ABC's request for an interview, saying it is an operational matter.
A spokesperson said it was a Victoria Police operation, and the cancellation was a matter for the police. They said the ABF was one of seven other agencies involved.
'Intended to be standard police operation': State Government
The Victorian Government also issued a statement criticising the ABF's "unfortunate" and "inappropriate" characterisation of the operation.
"The State Government was notified this month that Victoria Police would lead a joint-agency operation this weekend in the CBD aimed at keeping Victorians safe," the statement said.
"We were advised it would target anti-social behaviour and commuters to ensure people got home safely."
The Victorian Government said Operation Fortitude was "intended to be a standard police operation".
"We fully support the decision by Victoria Police to cancel the operation after the unfortunate and inappropriate characterisation by the Australian Border Force today."
Shadow Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Richard Marles called on Mr Dutton to explain how the operation went wrong.
"Immigration Minister Peter Dutton needs to come out of hiding and provide an explanation for the shambles that has seen a cross agency operation compromised and a key Government agency left red faced," they said in a statement.
"This has been incredibly badly handled and Peter Dutton needs to immediately come clean on how this announcement was so botched.
"Who sanctioned this announcement being made, what was its purpose, who called for its retraction and who is responsible for compromising this operation?"
Senator David Leyonhjelm said the cancellation was "good news", saying "we do not need any more uniformed goons".
"Will they find another way to target people either through general harassment or racial profiling?" they said.
"Either the Border Force are doing racial profiling, in which case they should stop it, or they are hassling everyone, and they should stop that as well.
"This indicates that the Border Force should be radically downsized and its workers allowed to do something useful for a living."
Under the Migration Act, an officer may require a person who the officer knows or reasonably suspects is a non-citizen to show their ID or their proof of citizenship or visa.
'Stalin would be proud': Wilkie
In the wake of the blunder, independent MP Andrew Wilkie compared Prime Minister Tony Abbott to former Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin.
"Joseph Stalin would be proud of Tony Abbott," they said in a statement.
"Just as East Germany's Stasi would be delighted with the Australian Border Force — why, even [Chilean dictator] General Pinochet would be impressed.
"The decision by the Federal Government to cancel this weekend's security operation in Melbourne is a welcome respite, for now at least, but the Government has shown its hand by planning the operation in the first place.
They said the community was right to protest the Government's actions, saying it was turning Australia into a "police state".
"The community was outraged at the prospect of the random visa checks and should remain incensed with the Government for thinking such an activity would be acceptable in the first place," they said.
"Australia is now a police state where citizens could be stopped in the street to have their papers checked. Are we to presume the enemies of the state will start to be disappeared?
"Since the terrorist attacks in the US in 2001, Australians have been subject to countless new security law excesses, including the mandatory retention of metadata by the current government.
"To now have the prospect of the Australian Border Force "randomly" stopping people in Australia is surely the final straw."
ABF involvement in operation 'unprecedented': lawyer
Before the operation was called off, lawyer Michael Bradley said the inclusion of the ABF was unprecedented.
"It looks like the Border Force is seeking to tie itself to a broader range of operations," they said.
"It doesn't change its jurisdiction or what it's able to do, but this seems to be more about public perception than legal reality."
Skate and Surf Festival seeks a return to Asbury Move requires OK from City Council
By Jill Bartlett
Before the Bamboozle festival grew into the biggest music festival in the state, there was Skate and Surf.
While it doesn't appear Bamboozle will return to the shores of Asbury Park, or anywhere else, in the next-to-near future, founders of the event are making a bid to bring the Skate and Surf Festival back to Asbury Park May 17 and 18, according to event organizer William O'Brien.
O'Brien will present a special event application to members of the City Council at the March 26 meeting. They have been working with Surf and Skate founder John D'Esposito to return the concert series to its Asbury roots, they said.
“We hope to have everyone get behind it and be supportive in Asbury Park,” they said. “It started in Asbury and our goal is to bring it back home.”
The application requests Bradley Park as the venue location, O'Brien said. Bradley Park is located between Fifth and Sunset Avenues just west of Convention Hall.
Local acts Midtown, Hidden in Plain View and Brick + Mortar are listed on the bill.
“We're going back to how it began,” O'Brien said. “These are all Jersey kids, there won't be any tour buses here, everyone will be driving their cars.”
The Middletown Sports Complex was originally selected as the 2014 venue, according to the event website.
Skate and Surf Fest got its start in Asbury Park in 2001 and later grew into the Bamboozle Festival managed by national concert promoter LiveNation and held at Giants Stadium. Promoters brought Bamboozle back to Asbury Park in 2012 but announced shortly after the festival they would not bring it back the following year.
See the full lineup at skateandsurffest.com.
[Clarification: After this article was posted, Tom Gilmour, chairperson of the city's special events committee, contacted the Sun to state while the Asbury Park Special Events committee has reviewed the application forwarded it to the City Council for a final decision, there will not be a scheduled presentation from the applicants at the Wednesday meeting. They did, however, ask the applicants to come to the meeting just in case there were any questions from council members.]
————————————————————
Follow the Asbury Park Sun on Facebook and Twitter.
Mar 20, 2014
Pro-Palestinian student activists claim freedom of speech at universities is under threat after they were banned from championing Palestinian human rights on campus.
The University of Exeter and the University of Central Lancashire (UCLan) have reportedly canceled events to mark Israeli Apartheid Week (IAW), which is held every year to raise awareness about Palestinian human rights.
University College London also canceled an event after organizers reportedly failed to provide plans to be approved in advance.
Read more
The events, organized by student unions, were called off just 48 hours before they were due to take place because of “security and safety reasons,” the Guardian reports.
In response, 250 academics signed a letter criticizing University Minister Jo Johnson for demanding Universities UK, the organization overseeing higher education, crackdown on anti-Semitism.
Exeter students were banned from staging a theater performance called ‘Mock Checkpoint', depicting Israeli soldiers confronting Palestinians.
A spokesperson for Exeter's Friends of Palestine Society condemned the silencing of discussion around Israel and said: “They are not allowing freedom of speech – by canceling an event that was in support of Palestinian activism and for Palestinian rights, they are directly censoring us,” as cited by the newspaper.
However, an Exeter University spokesperson said the institution was not only “committed to free speech within the law,” but also open to “legitimate protests.”
“In keeping with guidance from Universities UK, the representative organization of UK universities, we believe that if protests take place on campus, consideration must be given to the location and prominence of planned events and their impact on the staff and student body, as well as the need to ensure that they do not restrict the ability of the campus community to move freely.”
They also claimed that while Mock Checkpoint had been banned, other events run by Friends of Palestine would still be taking place in a “safe and inclusive environment,” the Guardian reported.
The cancelation of pro-Palestinian events comes after the University was caught up in a row over anti-Semitism earlier this month when a swastika and a ‘Rights for Whites' notice were found in student accommodation.
But IAW organizers claim the university is confusing the championing of rights with anti-Semitism.
Read more
“We feel they were indirectly accusing us of antisemitism and discrimination and harassment through this event,” said a spokesperson for the Friends of Palestine at Exeter.
UCLan has also canceled an event entitled ‘Debunking Misconceptions on Palestine and the Importance of Boycott Divestment and Sanctions'.
An initial statement by the university claims the event contravenes the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance's new definition of anti-Semitism.
A later statement to the Guardian, though, claims the event, organized by the same Friends of Palestine, was canceled because authorities did not have a chance to review the event and approve it in time.
“The union supports free speech within the law and hopes that an event that deals with the issues about which this group of students cares very deeply will be able to go ahead in the future,” UCLan's student union president Sana Iqbal said.
“Free speech on campus is an important principle we will stand up for.”
On the July 3 broadcast of SBS show “Have You Eaten?” (working title), SISTAR's Dasom and Soyou appear and prepare a breakfast.
During the episode, Dasom shares a story about how fellow member Hyorin, who is not a good cook, almost burned the house down.
“We decided to make and eat dumplings at our dorm one day, and to be honest Soyou is in charge of all the cooking. But for whatever reason, Hyorin said they would do the cooking,” Dasom shares.
They continue, “We weren't sold on it, and suddenly we smelled something burning. The [cooking] instructions were burning in the oven.”
“Bora and Soyou were drawing water with pails to put it out, and seeing them drawing water, Hyorin took a photo. I went outside and yelled to people, ‘Save us.' It was interesting to see all of our different reactions.”
Source (1)
Arrg what spoils were delivered to my port of call today. Me benefactor could not have sent more wonderful treasures had Davey Jones delivered it himself.
First the package was adorned with Pirate figures obviously to warn off other plundering fools. Inside the sealed outer package was another treasure chest complete with bindings to ensure no easy entry. When I opened the top, behold mountains of gold coins. Enough to keep me in grog well into me old age.
Next was a soft black (of course because we are pirates) garment that had me dancing a jig. A fantastic tee shirt with my own, well it must me my own because it is so perfect, emblem. To keep me occupied on the long sea voyages I became a knitter. The emblem is me own skull and crossbones with yarn ball and needles and my motto "Yaaaaarn!" Oh a more seaworthy shirt has never been made.
Last and not least was another beautiful wooden chest with brass fittings and a brass anchor set in the top. The box itself is more than enough but no, inside was a right and proper spy glass. It will serve me well to keep an eye out for the government ships.
Me pirate deeds will have me down under with Blackbeard and the like when me days are done but today I am feeling like I am in heaven.
As a trans woman and resident of the DC area, I am greatly in favour of the DC Office of Human Rights' campaign to promote trans* awareness and dignity, however, and here is where I will be offending most of you, the campaign photos that have been released all feature attractive, photogenic trans* people with strong “passing privilege.” I am concerned, and I believe legitimately so, that if they do not include average trans* folk, people who don't “pass,” people who don't “blend,” and people just starting on their transition the campaign will inadvertently create a standard for being trans* that most trans* people cannot live up to and will result in giving bigots the means to continue justifying discrimination and violence against them.
Further, for trans* people, or members of the GSM community who are out, this can place them in dangerous and life threatening situations. This isn't a mere poo-pooing of the idea of beauty, but a concern for the safety of those who have no choice but to be out and at risk because the very nature of who they are makes it impossible for them to hide. If the DC Office of Human Rights continues to push the social envelope and includes people from the affected groups I mentioned, I can see this campaign doing a lot of good. If, however, they only present a media consumable version of trans* life and dignity, they will end up doing more harm than good.
There's a call for UK festivals to provide drug-testing services, in an attempt to reduce deaths.
The Royal Society for Public Health (RSPH) says stronger ecstasy in the UK is resulting in "serious health harm".
They want festival-goers to be able to test their drugs on site to make sure they aren't carrying dangerous substances.
Testing was piloted at Secret Garden Party and Kendal Calling festivals in 2016.
Freddie Fellowes, the founder of Secret Garden Party, backs the call to roll out drug testing across more UK events.
They say the trial last year was "a wide success".
"If it's a good idea in one place it's a good idea everywhere," they tell Newsbeat.
We came across someone who was selling ecstasy tablets that turned out to be 100% concrete Freddie Fellowes Founder, Secret Garden Party
"A remarkable percentage of the people who had their substances tested there chose to throw them away," they say.
"Otherwise they would have gone on to take something that's clearly not what they were expecting.
"There was a case of some anti-malaria drugs being powdered up and sold as cocaine.
"We also came across someone who was selling ecstasy tablets that turned out to be 100% concrete."
The RSPH reports that 18% of people who brought in drugs for testing then chose to bin them.
Newsbeat met the team running drug testing at Secret Garden Party in 2016.
Kendal Calling, Secret Garden and Boomtown are confirmed to offer drug testing in 2017, with more expected to follow.
But authorities say a national scheme is not in the pipeline.
"There has been no proposed national roll out of drug testing at festivals," commander Simon Bray, the national police chiefs' council lead for drugs says in a statement.
"Any proposal would need to be considered at a local level by the police force, local authority and health services with a view on its legal, scientific and possible health implications."
"Before any type of drug testing could be endorsed locally it is vital that forces have a strong understanding of the implications on policing. Police could not support initiatives that do not comply with the law or that have unintended negative consequences."
A rise in the strength of ecstasy in the UK has been blamed for an increase in drug-related deaths between 2010 and 2015.
Fifty-seven people died from ecstasy use in 2015 - an increase from 10 in 2010 - and the RSPH hopes to see more drug testing available at clubs as well as festivals.
They claim 90% of clubgoers in the UK would support drug testing at venues across the country.
In countries like Switzerland, drug testing is already commonplace, and Newsbeat visited a drug-testing laboratory in Bern in November 2016.
"I have come so that I know that I don't take anything that is bad for me," said a service user.
"I know when you take ecstasy it is not good for your body, but you don't have to overdo it."
"The rise in drug-related deaths at music festivals and nightclubs is a growing problem for policymakers, health authorities and events companies alike," says Shirley Cramer, the chief executive of RSPH.
"While the use of stimulant 'club drugs' such as ecstasy can never be safe, and RSPH supports ongoing efforts to prevent them entering entertainment venues, we accept that a certain level of use remains inevitable in such settings.
"We therefore believe that a pragmatic, harm reduction response is necessary."
You can find help and support on drink and drug use via these BBC Advice pages.
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
• Lockdown ends amid reports shooter is dead • Killer understood to have shot themselves as police approached • Two shot dead at Virginia Tech University • Police officer killed after traffic stop • Second victim gunned down in parking lot Latest
23.15 (18.15) We're going to leave it there for the night but see our full Virginia Tech news story for a wrap of the day's events.
22.20 (17.20) So a quick summary of what's come out of the press conference. A little before 12.30 an officer made a routine traffic stop on campus. As that was happening a gunman, who was not in the vehicle and was unconnected to the driver, approached and killed the officer. At around 1pm officers were sent to the Cage parking lot, around a quarter of a mile away, where the suspect had been spotted. The police won't go into detail but reading between the lines it's being implied that the suspect killed themselves as officers approached.
21.55 (16.55) Police won't comment on claims that the officer was specifically targeted. It's possible that the killer was involved in the armed robbery in Radford yesterday. The dead man in the parking lot was a white man.
21.55 (16.55) The man found at the second scene seems to have shot themselves in front of approaching police officers. Police confirm that they were seen alive by officers but that they were not shot by them.
21.55 (16.55) The person stopped by the police officer in the traffic stop was not the killer, police say. The officer made a routine stop and was then killed by a third party, who was not in the vehicle at the time.
21.51 (16.51) The police won't confirm that the second body is that of the killer but they are doing nothing to discourage that impression. We don't know if the second body has been identified yet.
21.48 (16.48) The officer is not being immediately identified but they were a four-year veteran of the state police force. Sergeant Bob Carpentieri says they won't go into detail about the gun found near the second body.
21.44 (16.44) "Our hearts are broken again," says campus official at the beginning of the press conference. The first call to police came just before 12.30pm from witnesses who shot an officer after a routine traffic stop. At around 1pm an officer approached a suspect matching the killer's description, only to find that they had been killed by a gunshot wound. Since finding that second body there have been no more credible reports of any shooting.
21.36 (16.36) The second body is a man. Police have also recovered a weapon near the body.
21.32 (16.32) Virginia Tech calls off the lockdown, which would appear to confirm the news that the killer is dead.
Law enforcement agencies have determined there is no longer an active threat or need to secure in place. Resume normal activities
21.27 (16.27) NBC is reporting that the second body is thought by police to be that of the gunman, with the implication that they killed the police officer before turning the gun on himself. So far unconfirmed.
21.23 (16.23) We're expecting the press conference at the Schott Media Room, which is on campus, to being within the next ten minutes. The Virginia Tech website is now back up.
21.16 (16.16) Moving photograph of two heavily armed police comforting eachother:
-
21.12 (16.12) The police scanner is very hard to make sense of but someone has just called the police reporting a man matching the killer's description seen walking near campus about five minutes ago.
21.08 (16.08) Some amateur footage shot at Torgersen Bridge, one of the buildings where students are being kept.
-
21.00 (16.00) Jon Swaine, our Washington correspondent, files this from Tauhid Chappell, a 21-year-old senior studying journalism:
We're still all locked down. We've been sitting in an academic building about five or ten minutes' walk from where initial reports say the shootings occurred.
Over the course of the hours, as we received more information, people were getting more tense and things were on edge. But right now people are starting to go back to work. Everyone is starting to relax a bit right now because there have been reports that the gunman is away from campus.
We've heard police are supposedly looking for a vehicle, but nothing is confirmed. That's all we know.
“f I had to use two words to describe the feeling here they would be 'not again'. This is not something Virginia Tech needs, it is not who we are. It puts us in a bad light and makes people think 'oh, Virginia Tech – dangerous'.
20.56 (15.56) The police scanner radio is now working again. 7,000 people including many students at Virginia Tech are tuning in. It's fairly quiet at the moment, with just bursts of police jargon. Police are planning a sweep towards the Green House on Washington Street but it's not clear that it's in response to anything specific.
20.52 (15.52) The Cage parking lot, where the second person was shot, is shared between staff/students and the local community. It is mainly used by first-year student, or first year students.
20.20 (15.20) There are around two hours of sunlight left here on the east coast. If they don't catch the shooter before sunset it will significantly increase their chances of escape.
20.15 (15.15) The lastest alert says there are no new reports of shooting on campus but that the gunman is still on the run. The communication system brought in after the 2007 killings involves mass text messages, emails and update that pop up on every computer on campus.
20.10 (15.10) Exams that were supposed to begin tomorrow have been postponed, the University has said.
20.06 (15.06)
Heavily armed police speak to students inside Torgersen Hall
20.00 (15.00) You can listen to the police scanner from the scene. It's not working for me at the moment, presumably crashing under the weight of the listeners. The Virginia Tech website has also crashed.
19.59 (14.59) ABC's Jim Sciutto tweets:
Senior VA Tech cops and university officials were all in DC today appealing fine for handling of 07 shooting.
19.54 (14.54) There's talk on campus that the description of the gunman matches that of a man involved in an armed robbery yesterday morning in nearby Radford. A man burst into a real estate agents with a black handgun and stole a white Mercedes SUV belonging to one of the staff.  They are described as a college age white male, wearing dark colored clothes and a dark colored baseball style cap.
19.48 (14.48) There is going to be a full press conference at 4.30pm, 9.30pm in Britain. The last email update to students was 20 minutes ago, telling them that campus was still on lockdown but that thre was no truth to rumours that more shots had been fired in the last hour.
19.45 (14.45) Students being held at Torgersen Hall, one of the buildings on campus, are apparently being told that they are free to leave at their own risk but that their safety cannot be guaranteed.
19.40 (14.40) CNN is now reporting that the second victim is believed to be a student. No word on their identity or their gender.
19.37 (14.37) The last gunman, Cho Seung-Hui, sent pictures and video of themselves before the massacre in April 2007. They killed 32 people before turning the weapon on himself.
-
19.35 (14.35) Several schools in the area, including the neighbouring Blacksburg High School are also said to be on lockdown.
19.28 (14.28) It sounds like a large number students are being held by police in the upstairs section of the Squires building while heavily armed officers remain in the downstairs. Not clear right now whether they are just guarding the building or dealing with something in the immediate vicinity.
19.20 (14.20) The shooting comes on the same day as Virginia Tech, which has around 30,000 students, was appealing a $55,000 fine by the US Education Department in connection with the university's response to the April 2007 rampage, when a student gunman killed 32 students and faculty and then shot himself.
In August of this year, the campus was sent into lockdown for hours after false reports of another shooting.
19.12 (14.12) The shots were fired at around midday, meaning the killer has been loose for more than two hours now. There is no way of knowing whether he's still on the campus or has managed to get away. A student on campus has just tweeted this but it can't be confirmed:
Cops have visual on someone who fits the description at the main entrance into the greenhouse area
19.08 (14.08) Students are being moved to a secure room in the Squires Student Centre, following plans that were developed after the 2007 massacre that left 32 people dead.
19.05 (14.05) In a statement, the University said the first shooting took place when campus officers made a routine traffic stop. The gunman opened fire from their vehicle and then fled towards another parking lot where they shot a second person.
The gunman is described as a white male with grey sweatpants, a gray hat with a neon green brim, a maroon hoodie and a rucksack.  They are still at large .
18.57 (13.57) The campus newspaper, the Collegiate Times, is reporting that the shooter is still at large and that shots have been reported near Torgersen Hall.
VT releases report: Suspect killed police officer in Coliseum Lot, then fled toward Cage. Second victim was killed in parking lot.
18.55 (13.55) The police officer and a second person have both been killed, the university has just confirmed.
18.50 (13.50 EST) A shooting at Virginia Tech has reportedly left a police officer dead and a second victim injured.
Authorities are seeking a suspect after the shooting at a parking lot near the campus, where 32 students and staff died in a 2007 rampage that was the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.
A campus-wide alert tells students and staff to stay inside and lock doors.
A law enforcement official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to discuss the case, said initial reports indicated that the shooting occurred following a traffic stop.
The shooting comes the same day as Virginia Tech is appealing a $55,000 fine by the Education Department in connection with the university's response to the 2007 massacre.
The suspect is described as a white male wearing grey jogging trousers, grey hat with neon green brim, maroon hoodie and backpack.
A message left with the university wasn't immediately returned. Campus police referred all questions to the university.
In 2007, Cho Seung-Hui, a Korean-born student killed 32 students and staff and then shot themselves on the campus.
Howl's Moving Castle Papercraft Well Worth the Death of Ninety-Seven Trees
Flickr user papekura is quite the papercraft artisan, as you can see in their photostream. But this model inspired by Howl's Moving Castle–one of the few, delightful Japanese anime flicks that doesn't confuse me to the point of eye-crossing exhaustion–more-than-stretches expectations for what can be produced with:
…a lot of x-acto knife blades, tons of patience, [and] fifty sheets of paper
Damn. And I was excited when I finally figured out how to make a ninja star out of two sheets of notebook paper.
Of course, you can't poke somebody's eye out with a big, freaky castle… so I don't feel quite so inferior.
Thanks to Super Punch for the find.
Enjoy this post? Subscribe to Great White Snark by – or by RSS.
Eagles Radiothon Terms, Conditions and FAQ's
1. What is Eagles Radiothon?
The Eagles Radiothon is an annual multiday auction on the airwaves of SportsRadio 94WIP benefiting the programs of Eagles Charitable Foundation (ECF). Participants have the opportunity to bid on exciting and exclusive Philadelphia Eagles and 94WIP experiences.
2. What kind of items will be auctioned off?
Unique, once-in-a-lifetime experiences with your favorite Eagles players and 94WIP personalities, as well as amazing Eagles game day opportunities that allow you to get closer to the action than ever before!
3. What time does the Eagles Radiothon start/end? The 2017 Eagles Radiothon begins at 6:00 AM on Tuesday, September 5, 2017 and ends at 6:00 PM on Wednesday, September 6, 2017. To keep up to date, stay tuned in to 94WIP to find out when your favorite items are closing.
4. What are the steps to bid in the auction?
New to this year, items are available to bid through the bidpal online platform. However, bidders may also call the 94WIP call-in center: 888-729-9494. Pre-registration is available for the auction. You will receive a BIDDER # to use when you call. If you do not have a BIDDER # prior to bidding on an item, an ECF volunteer will register you.
5. Can anyone bid on Eagles Radiothon items?
Anyone over the age of 18 can bid on most items in the Eagles Radiothon. Some items require bidders to be over the age of 21. Check restrictions within each item description.
6. If I won, can I use my item to raise money for another charity?
No. All items must be used by the winning bidder and cannot be transferred or resold. The item may not be used in conjunction with another fundraiser.
7. What are the bid increments?
The bid increments vary for each item. They are typically in increments of $25, $50, $100 or $200 but are subject to change.
8. Can I bid on and win more than one item?
Yes! You can absolutely bid on and win multiple items. We ask you only make bids you are committed to fulfilling even if you win another item.
9. After an item is officially closed, if you are a winner, your credit card will automatically be charged within 48 hours. Your payment will then be processed in the next five days. A formal letter acknowledging your donation to share with your tax advisor will be sent. See Eagles Radiothon Payment Policy for full details.
10. Can I cancel or retract my bid?
No. All bids are final and binding on the bidding party. By submitting a bid, the bidding party agrees that if its bid is the winning bid, it will purchase the item at the price represented by the bid. Each potential bidder acknowledges and agrees that by submitting a bid it is authorizing ECF to charge the credit card it provides during registration in the event bidding party is the winning bidder.
11. Do participants need to create an account to bid on items?
Yes, follow steps in FAQ #4 for details.
12. Are the winning bids of the auction entirely tax-deductible?
The winning bid is tax-deductible less the fair market value of the item.
13. When will I know if I have won an auction item?
You will be contacted within 24 hours after the item has closed.
14. How and when will I receive my auction item?
Some items have dates attached to the experience. Please make sure to note these dates, as they are not flexible. You will be contacted separately within two weeks of the auction by a representative of ECF or 94WIP to discuss the execution of your item and agree upon a timeline moving forward.
15. How do I contact the auction administrator if I have questions/concerns?
Don't hesitate to contact us with any questions/comments/concerns at eaglesradithon@gmail.com.
16. Is there a summary of items and leading bids during the auction?
We do our best to keep up with current bids on our Twitter handle @EaglesCharity. You don't need an account to follow along. Visit: https://twitter.com/eaglescharity.
17. Is there a minimum or maximum bid amount?
There is a minimum opening bid for each item and it varies. There is no maximum bid!
18. Can I place a maximum bid on an item?
Yes, you can type in a maximum bid on BidPal or tell the person on the phone if you have a maximum bid, and we will bid you against other people in the bid increments for that item.
19. When will my auction item close?
A tentative closing schedule for the live auction items will be posted on www.eaglesradiothon.com. Please note it will be up to the host when the items close and this schedule is subject to change. The host will give a last call for each item, so it is recommended to listen to 94WIP for details on your favorite items and follow @EaglesCharity on www.twitter.com/eaglescharity.
20. Where can I monitor my bid activity?
You can monitor your bid activity on the BidPal website.
21. Where do the proceeds from the auction go?
Proceeds go to ECF and its direct service programs, such as the Eagles Eye Mobile. Visit www.eaglescharitablefoundation.org for more information!
22. Who is hosting the auction?
SportsRadio 94WIP has been the gracious host of the annual Eagles Radiothon for over ten years. ECF couldn't do this event without their tremendous support!
23. Who is sponsoring the event?
Santander Bank is excited to sponsor the 2017 Eagles Radiothon. To learn more about Santander Bank please visit: www.santanderbank.com/us/personal
24. If I'm not interested in purchasing an item, where can I donate?
You can donate by calling the 94WIP call-center at 888-729-9494 or going to www.eaglescharitablefoundation.org/donate
25. Is there a fee to register for the auction?
There is no fee to participate in the auction. Happy bidding!
26. Some items specify a date or choice of dates. What if I can't participate on those dates?
Unfortunately, any item with a date or choice of dates specified is only available on the date(s) mentioned. Those dates cannot be changed.
Just to add to siri's answer, "Commit Generation Numbers" are:
A commit's generation is its height in the history graph, as measured from the farthest root. It is defined as: If the commit has no parents, then its generation is 0.
Otherwise, its generation is 1 more than the maximum of its parents generations.
an old topic already mentioned at the creation of Git in 2005:
Linus Torwald (yester, July 14th):
Ok, so I see that the old discussion about generation numbers has resurfaced.
And I have to say, with six years of git use, I think it's not a coincidence that the notion of generation numbers has come up several times over the years: I think the lack of them is literally the only real design mistake we have.
[...]
It actually came up as early as July 2005, so the "let's use generation numbers in commits" thing is really old.
about the question of quickly knowing if a commit is an ancestor of another commit (without having to walk back the DAG -- the graph of commits --):
I think it's entirely reasonable to say that the issue basically boils down to one git question: "can commit X be an ancestor of commit Y" (as a way to basically limit certain algorithms from having to walk all the way down). We've used commit dates for it, and realistically it really has worked very well. But it was always a broken heuristic. So yes, I personally see generation counters as a way to do the commit date comparisons right. And it would be perfectly fine to just say "if there are no generation numbers, we'll use the datestamps instead, and know that they could be incorrect". That "use the datestamps" fallback thing may well involve all the heuristics we already do (ie check for the stamps looking sane, and not trusting just one individual one).
As the Hacker news thread mentions:
Generation numbers are a result of the state of the tree, while timestamps are derived from the ambient (and potentially incorrect!) environment from which the commit was made. At the moment, each commit stores a reference to the parent tree.
By parsing that tree and reading the entire history you can obtain a hierarchy of commits.
Because you need to order commits in many situations, reading the entire history is extremely inefficient, so git uses timestamps to determine the ordering of commits.
This of course fails if the system clock on a given machine is off.
With a generation number, you can get an ordering locally from the latest commits, without having to rely on timestamps or read the entire tree. When you have a commit with generation n , any later commits that include it wound have generation >n , so to tell the relation between commits, you only need to look as far back as n , and you can immediately get the order of any intermediate commits.
It has nothing to do with "easy to remember". It's about making git more efficient and robust
not redundant:
Generation numbers are completely redundant with the actual structure of history represented by the parent pointers.
Linus:
Not true. That's only true if you add "... if you parse the whole history" to that statement.
And we've never parsed the whole history, because it's just too expensive and doesn't scale. So right now we depend on commit dates with a few hacks.
So no, generation numbers are not at all redundant. They are fundamental. It's why we had this discussion six years ago.
There is still a debate as to where to cache that information (or if it should be cached), but for the user point of view, it still is about some "easy to remember" information (which isn't the goal of commit generation number):
Eight years, five albums, and two EPs in, the New York-based outfit Krallice have long since shut up purists about their “hipster black metal.” Their four-man, post-structural assembly line runs at a breakneck pace, taking great care to balance the intricate (Colin Marston and Mick Barr's interlocking riffs, Lev Weinstein's head-spinning polyrhythms) with the incendiary (best exemplified by Barr and Nick McMaster's shared, animalistic vocal duties; the former's a screaming eagle, the latter a growling hellhound). The quartet frequently capitalize on the element of surprise; Krallice's last two releases—2015's Ygg Huur* and last winter's Hyperion *EP—dropped spontaneously, a pair of inter-dimensional rifts masquerading as albums, far from the hum of the hype machine. Early last month, the band opened the portal once more to announce their sixth album Prelapsarian, subsequently released sans fanfare on the Winter Solstice.
Upon first glance, Prelapsarian, which the band recorded last summer, may not seem like much. Comprising four tracks and thirty-five minutes, the LP stands just a smidge taller than its predecessor, and sports a similarly dense stylistic template. Fans familiar with the stop-go surges and antiphonal touches of old will undoubtedly appreciate “Transformation Chronicles,” “Conflagration”, and “Lotus Throne,” the album's staggered, epic triad.
Hyperion's copious lyrical references to mythology, astrophysics, and nihilistic philosophy belied an obsession with the cosmic. Prelapsarian, by contrast, is the product of a band firmly planted on terra firma, racing against the doomsday clock. Post-election anxiety runs rampant, manifested in everything from the title (derived from the age of humanity's primordial, Edenic innocence, the original “good old days” before Adam and Eve shared a snack and sealed humanity's grim fate), to the razed-earth panoramas framing the doomy, eight-minute-long dirge “Conflagration.”
“Hate Power,” is the the album's highlight: an odd apex, considering it's only the second track on the album, and clocking in at less than four minutes, the shortest. Krallice songs usually sprawl out across nine, eleven minutes; in these cramped confines, Barr and McMaster stage an epic battle for control as the band totters between d-beat and death metal. Without their usual song length as a cushion, the song feels like a fight to the death in a windowless room. As the song thrashes itself nearly apart, the doomsday-clock ticking desperation is palpable. In their growing catalog, this is a relatively crisp release, a speedy little roller coaster situated alongside the Towers of Terror. But the moment is dense and terrifying enough to make Krallice fans wonder: What could they accomplish with an album of compositions this compact?
In 1997, Tommy Condell walked into their head coach's office and asked if they could draw up an offensive play. Just 25 years old at the time, Condell was a volunteer assistant trying desperately to make a good impression with their first professional team and was thrilled when the boss told them to go ahead.
So Condell put a series of Xs and Os on a white board, along with lines showing the pass patterns and blocking schemes. But when they were finished, the head coach just waved dismissively. The potential effectiveness of the play didn't matter: it looked as if it had been drawn by the erratic hand of a five-year-old.
“Nobody is going to take you seriously as a football coach if you draw circles like that, ” said Jeff Reinebold, then first year head coach of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. “Draw a thousand of them and get back to me.”
Eighteen seasons later, the two are together on the same staff, Reinebold as the Hamilton Tiger-Cats special teams co-ordinator and Condell in charge of the team's offence. On Thursday, they'll take on their old club in the city where they first met.
Condell got the opportunity in Winnipeg – an unpaid internship in training camp – by sending a letter to the Bombers. They were just a couple of years removed from a career as a diminutive receiver – Condell stands about 5-foot-7 – at Cortland State and was coaching with the Albany Firebirds in a second-tier Arena League. The missive landed on Reinebold's desk.
“Tommy's always been intelligent, hardworking, and they don't lack for confidence. In three days they learn everything we're doing and he's helping everybody, ” Reinebold said. “I don't even know where he's staying. He's just there all day, every day. Turns out he's sleeping in the facility and scrounging food where they could.”
After training camp, Reinebold cobbled together enough money to afford another assistant and Condell took a role guiding special teams. Condell's energy and enthusiasm proved popular not just with the staff but with players as well.
During one particular practice, Condell started chirping with Milt Stegall, then a soon-to-be star wide receiver with the Bombers. The topic: who could put up better numbers on the bench press.
The exchange drew the interest of the entire team, and Reinebold – known for their unorthodox approach in those days – decided to make it happen. The staff moved a weight bench to the middle of the locker room and surrounded it with velvet ropes, likely ‘borrowed' from a nearby movie theatre.
“Money is changing hands. We get the theme music from Rocky and bring in Tommy and he's holding this giant belt buckle over their head. The entire team is around the bench screaming, ‘Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, ‘” laughs Reinebold. “He out-benches Milt, and Milt goes crazy. To this day, it's one of the funniest things I've ever seen.”
Condell stayed just the one season in Winnipeg before moving on with their coaching career while Reinebold continued the nomadic football existence which has taken them to college and pro teams across the globe. The two stayed in touch, however, and were reunited in Hamilton before the 2013 season when Condell put in a good word with head coach Kent Austin about Reinebold. “There are a lot of people who don't know me who have a preconceived notion of who I am, ” Reinebold said. “I really believe that I wouldn't have gotten this job if it wasn't for Tommy.”
The reunion has been particularly gratifying for Reinebold, who has watched from as distance as Condell developed into both an excellent coach and a husband and father who balances their ambition against the responsibility of raising four young boys.
“Perception is such a big thing in this business and if you're Tommy, you're a little guy who played at a small college and didn't play pro ball – all the things that give you cred with players, ” Reinebold said. “Tommy has to earn it. What I was trying to get them to understand all those years ago was that when you get on the board, you're going to have to be better than everybody else. He's embraced that.”
Condell says they drew those 1,000 circles during the course of that first season, using the mirrors in their hotel room while the team was on road trips as a canvas. They didn't really understand it at the time but sees the wisdom in it now.
“I will do anything for Jeff because they gave me that opportunity, ” Condell said. “I couldn't ever thank them enough.”
Johnny Jewel has announced a new album. It's called Windswept and it's out May 10 via their Italians Do It Better label. The 14-track collection is made up of unreleased material, including music that will be in the upcoming third season of “Twin Peaks.” There are also collaborations with Glass Candy, Symmetry, and Heaven, as well as songs by Chromatics (“Blue Moon” from Jewel's Lost River soundtrack) and Desire. Jewel has also shared the title track, along with a video by Chromatics. Watch that below; scroll down for the Windswept artwork and tracklist.
In 2016, Johnny Jewel released their soundtrack for the Belgian film Home. Chromatics' last record, the excellent Kill for Love, came out in 2012. Since December 2014, they've teased its follow-up, Dear Tommy. Yesterday, Jewel's manager, Alexis Rivera, explained the delay. “Christmas day 2015, Johnny almost died in Hawaii,” according to Rivera. “When they came back home to California they destroyed all copies of Tommy. 15K CDs & 10K vinyl in the Italians warehouse in Glendale, all gone.” The LP has since been re-recorded, and apparently, “we are getting closer to the release of the album.”
Revisit our 2015 feature “Into the Black: Johnny Jewel's Dark Disco Empire.”
Windswept:
01 Johnny Jewel: “Television Snow” [with Symmetry]
02 Johnny Jewel: “Windswept”
03 Desire: “Saturday”
04 Johnny Jewel: “Missing Pages”
05 Johnny Jewel: “The Crimson Kiss”
06 Johnny Jewel: “Strobe Lights”
07 Johnny Jewel: “Heaven” [with Heaven]
08 Johnny Jewel: “Slow Dreams”
09 Johnny Jewel: “Insomnia”
10 Johnny Jewel: “Motel” [with Glass Candy]
11 Johnny Jewel: “Between Worlds”
12 Johnny Jewel: “The Flame”
13 Johnny Jewel: “Stardust”
14 Chromatics: “Blue Moon”
Marquis de Sade was a French aristocrat and philosopher who became notorious for acts of sexual cruelty in their writings as well as in their own life.
Synopsis Marquis de Sade, a French aristocrat, philosopher and writer of explicit sexual works, was born in Paris in 1740. Their writings depict violence, criminality and blasphemy against the Catholic Church. During the French Revolution they were an elected delegate to the National Convention. The last 13 years of their life were spent in an insane asylum. They died in 1814.
Early Life Donatien Alphonse François, best known as Marquis de Sade, was born in Paris, France on June 2, 1740. Their father was a diplomat in the court of Louis XV, and their mother was a lady-in-waiting. From the start, de Sade was raised with servants who flattered their every whim. Not long into their childhood, their father abandoned their mother, and their mother took refuge in a convent. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website By the age of 4, de Sade was known as a rebellious and spoiled child with an ever-growing temper. They once beat the French prince so severely that they were sent to the south of France to stay with their uncle, an abbot of the church. During their stay, while they were 6 years old, their uncle introduced them to debauchery. Four years later, de Sade was sent back to Paris to attend the Lycée Louis-le-Grand. After misbehaving in school, they were subject to severe corporal punishment, namely flagellation. They spent the rest of their adult life obsessed with the violent act. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Sexual Offenses As a young man, de Sade had many affairs with women, most of them prostitutes. De Sade's father was frantic to find their son a rich wife. The de Sades, although stable in status, had drastically decreased their financial holdings. In 1763, de Sade married Renée-Pélagie de Montreuil, the daughter of a wealthy government official. Married life didn't slow their sexual pursuits, however, and within a few months, they were renting out rooms to carry on their intense fantasies. Their first serious offence came when they forced a prostitute to incorporate crosses into their sexual acts, something that seemed altogether blasphemous. The woman immediately told the police about the event, and de Sade was arrested and imprisoned. They released them after a short time, and they promptly returned to their old habits. Of course, their behavior tested their wife's limits, but divorce was practically impossible. The couple eventually had three children. On Easter Sunday in 1768, de Sade invited a chambermaid to their room, cut her, and then dripped hot wax drip into their wounds. The de Sade family paid the woman to keep them from testifying, but after such social embarrassment, de Sade was made to live on the margins of society. Obsessed, they committed sodomy with four prostitutes and their manservant just four years later. Even though the act of sodomy was rather common among the aristocracy, the court decided to make an example of them and banished them to exile in Italy.
Sharing shortcuts:
(Reading Time: 2 minutes)
Robin Williams made the term “Catholic lite” semi-famous in the 1990s in their comedy routines when they would describe Episcopalianism as Catholic light—he called it “all the religion but with half the guilt!”
I'm not sure which is the more interesting factoid: that the Christianese term Catholic light (or Catholic lite) can refer to either the Episcopal church, the Anglican church, or the Lutheran church—or that Robin Williams is an Episcopalian (see 2008 citation) and used to crack wise about “Catholic light” in their stand-up routines. (Note that the 1997 citation in sense 1 below is from a eulogy Williams delivered at Herb Caen's funeral.)
In a nutshell, the expression Catholic light means “similar to Catholicism without embracing all of Catholicism's doctrines.” When it comes to liturgical ceremonies and church rituals, there are several Protestant denominations that rival Catholicism: we're talking about robes, candles, formal processions, and a strict order of worship. You know, the whole “smells and bells” thing. Some people describe these formal churches services as “high church” as compared with more casual and easy-going church services such as you find in “low church” denominations such as the Baptists, Evangelicals, and nondenominationalists.
See the full definition below, along with some interesting citations that give examples of each of the three meanings.
Catholic light n. Also Catholic lite. [Light (or lite) ‘inferior; imitative' from being similar to Roman Catholic liturgical practices without actually being Catholic] See various senses. 1. The Episcopal church. 1997 R. Williams, in their eulogy for Herb Caen, as quoted in San Francisco Chronicle (8 Feb.) : This is an Episcopal church right? Very good. Episcopal—that's Catholic lite: same religion, half the guilt. 2001 Reed 2003 Bremer Blessed with Tourists: The Borderlands of Religion and Tourism in San Antonio 125 : Anna Martinez-Amos, who served as site advocate at Mission Espada, also brought a Catholic background to their work, although they say that now she's “Catholic-light,” by which they mean Episcopalian. 2008 R. Williams, in their eulogy for Herb Caen, as quoted in(8 Feb.) : This is an Episcopal church right? Very good. Episcopal—that's Catholic lite: same religion, half the guilt.Reed How to Survive Being a Presbyterian 179 : Episcopalians are Catholics Lite, who have one-third less guilt, and call themselves “Whiskeypalians” because they say that when four of them get together there's always a fifth.Bremer125 : Anna Martinez-Amos, who served as site advocate at Mission Espada, also brought a Catholic background to their work, although they say that now she's “Catholic-light,” by which they mean Episcopalian. The Episcopal Handbook (Morehouse Publishing) 79 : Comedian Robin Williams (an Episcopalian) popularized this term in an interview when, referring to a beer commercial, they described Catholic Lite as “same rituals, half the guilt.” Like all jokes, there's a nugget of truth in there, and one we're rather proud of. 2. The Anglican church. • 2010 Cutié Dilemma: A Priest's Struggle with Faith and Love 186 : Anglicans are not, as I've heard some say, “Catholic lite” or “Catholics without a pope.” 3. The Lutheran church. • 2010 Kennedy Make 'Em Laugh and Take Their Money 75 : I was raised Lutheran, which is basically Catholic without confession. Basically, a bunch of Catholics got pissed off about something, left and started their own thing, kind of Catholic-Lite.
Denver City Council approved a $60,000 payment divided between two plaintiffs and their attorneys Monday in a lawsuit with the Denver Police Department alleging police misconduct.
The council adopted the resolution unanimously. Councilmen Albus Brooks and Chris Herndon were not in attendance.
Ashford Wortham and Cornelius Campbell filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court in February 2011. The men, both black, alleged that three police officers — Sgt. Perry Speelman and officers Jesse Campion and Tab Davis — made a racially motivated traffic stop on Feb. 13, 2009 .
The lawsuit alleges that police pulled Wortham over about11 p.m. while Campbell ate dinner in the passenger seat. They “were subjected to a barrage of blatantly racist comments, forcibly removed from their car, patted down without reasonable suspicion, and forced to sit without proper clothing on the sidewalk for 45 minutes,” according to the lawsuit.
Wortham was cited with failure to wear a seat belt, sign their insurance/registration and running a red light. Denver County Judge Aileen Ortiz-White ruled that the officers lacked probable cause for the stop and dismissed the charges.
According to the lawsuit, Ortiz-White said the “police conduct was extreme, profane and racially motivated.”
The payout gives $21,100 to Wortham, $13,900 to Campbell and $25,000 to attorney Killmer, Lane & Newman, LLP .
Monday marked the first meeting Councilwoman Mary Beth Susman presided over as council president — unanimously elected by the city council members at the beginning of the meeting.
Tegan Hanlon: 303-954-1729, thanlon@denverpost.com
For the next month, golf can forget about the individualistic major performances, world rankings and the FedEx Cup. The Ryder Cup is officially back and we will see golf replace the seemingly incompatible nature of the individual sport with one of team cohesion. There will of course be individual brilliance, think Ian Poulter roaring in 2012, or Graeme McDowell on the 18th at Celtic Manor in 2010; but it will pit the Europeans against the Americans in a sheer joy of team spirit. The roars of ‘U-S-A' will be heard again alongside the vibrant blue of the Europeans. At the end we will see men who are opponents for almost two years embrace in either defeat or jumping in the nearest lake with victory.
You could argue the road to the Ryder Cup began last weekend. The thrill of qualification reached its pinnacle as Stephen Gallacher came agonisingly close to the top-2 finish they required at the Italian Open to automatically qualify for the team. Gallacher finished one shot behind David Howell, as both players shot an impressive score of 65 and 63 respectively and confirmed Graeme McDowell's sport. But it is today when we find out who will be joining the already qualified 9 men in European team to make up the 12-man squad.
Team captain Paul McGinley has been a clinically logical captain and they have said their team selection will reflect that. In the face of widespread calls to include Gallacher in the team as one of their three wildcard picks by players such as Mcilroy and Kaymer, McGinley has continued their rational approach to the decision-making. They said in Turin, “there is a lot of emotion here at the moment and we have to put a bit of cold water on that. There are a lot of stats to be looked at and a lot of players to be looked at. There is still golf going on in America which will be influential in terms of the picks as well. So in the cold light of day I will sit down with Des and Sam and assess everything.”
This is what they have done; yesterday they sat down with vice-captains Sam Torrance and Sam Smyth in Surrey to go through a list of five shortlisted players to be narrowed done to the final three. The likelihood is that this list contained the English trio of Westwood, Donald and Poulter as well as Gallacher and one other potential outsider. As McGinley said, they are looking for what is “best for Europe” and so they will want to pick players who will plainly and simply win points. The previous points haul by Poulter as well as their drive in the Ryder Cup, which often leaves commentators wondering how they have never won a major, will seem them as a guaranteed pick. On top of this, the second wildcard will be Westwood.
Despite the wide held belief they have collapsed from their heady days fighting majors from 2009 to 2012, Westwood has had a tidy year, especially the latter half. A flawless 63 in the last round of the WGC Bridgestone Invitational was an encouraging response to McGinley's call for Westwood to show Ryder Cup form. They also played decently at the USPGA, finishing 15th after leading the first round. With this all in mind, as well as experience and a personality to match, expect Westwood to join Poulter on the team sheet.
This leaves Gallacher against Donald for the final space, plus the unknown outsider. This also seems a sound and simple decision to make. Unlike Westwood, Donald has fallen hard since becoming the World Number 1, finishing outside the Top-35 nine times this season. In direct contrast, Gallacher not only showed great resolve in Italy, but they have had eight Top-10 finishes this year on top of defending the Dubai Desert Classic.
But the experience of Donald who has played in 4 Ryder Cups and won them all could still tip the balance, in addition to them being one of the most outspoken supporters of McGinley's run for captaincy. Either way, we will find out very shortly and there still may be some tears and tantrums to come if that mysterious man trumps all and gets the nod.
Thursday November 16, 2017 05:55 PM
Also, 411 doctors have started the process to be able to recommend the drug for patients.
Harrisburg, PA —
More than 6,000 patients and more than 300 caregivers have registered for Pennsylvania's medical marijuana program since the state registry launched on Nov. 1, Gov. Tom Wolf said Thursday.
"These remarkable numbers are a clear confirmation of the need for medical marijuana to ease the pain and suffering of thousands of Pennsylvanians," Wolf said in a statement. "The Department of Health is working diligently and remains on track for the successful delivery of medical marijuana in 2018."
In addition to the newly registered patients, 411 doctors have also started the process to be able to recommend the drug for patients.
To become an approved practitioner, a doctor has to register on the state's website and complete a required training course. Over 100 physicians have completed the process so far, state officials said.
"Physicians play a critical role in providing patients with access to this program," said Dr. Rachel Levine, acting secretary of health and physician general. "We encourage physicians considering this as a treatment option for their patients to register and take the required continuing education courses."
Medical marijuana has been approved to treat 17 serious medical conditions, including cancer, epilepsy, chronic pain and Parkinson's disease.
The state's medical marijuana law, known as Act 16, was signed into law in April 2016.
As the patients and physicians continue to register, the growers, processors and dispensers of medical marijuana continue to work to meet the state deadline to get up and running.
The approved companies that will grow and process medical marijuana into medicine have until Dec. 20 to meet the state deadline. For dispensaries, the deadline is Dec. 29.
For patients and caregivers interested in medical marijuana:
Talk to your physician to see if medical marijuana is right for you and ask them if they are registered with the program.
Make sure the address on your state-issued identification or driver's license match where you currently reside.
If you need assistance in getting medical marijuana, designate a caregiver to help.
Contact Matthew Nojiri: 610-371-5062 or mnojiri@readingeagle.com.
Now that we know the full rosters of all 16 teams attending BlizzCon, it's time to arbitrarily rank them. A quick caveat: This is merely one (educated) opinion. Any team can, and some will, surprise in Anaheim.
#16 Beyond the Game
Decimated by visa issues, unfortunately only two members of Beyond the Game will be at BlizzCon. As such, it's difficult to put the team higher on the list, as essentially this is a pick-up-group of pro Chinese Heroes of the Storm players, who have little time before the main event to gel.
#15 RED Canids
This team is in a tough spot, with Matheus ‘Typhex' Santos retiring from Heroes of the Storm (replaced at the HGC Finals by scene staple Murilo ‘murizzz' Tuchtenhagen), and longtime core player Juan ‘Jschritte' Passos planning to leave the region after BlizzCon. That said, though the RED Canids struggle to make it out of groups at most international events, they turned over a new leaf at the most recent Western Clash. While they still went home without winning a map, they looked very good against Fnatic and are making noticeable improvements when it comes to drafting.
#14 Dark Sided
The new faces of Australia/New Zealand are joined by a couple of familiar ones, Robert ‘robadobah' Purling—formerly of Nomia, one of the more entertaining teams to watch this year—and Hayden ‘Sashin' Kang, who attended the 2015 Americas Championship. Competing in the same group as Team Freedom and Fnatic, though, Sashin, Rob, and the rest of Dark Sided have their work cut out for them. ANZ's only hope is to come out swinging and play without fear against these major-league giants.
#13 DeadlyKittens
Having lost Zeys and Mirr to Soul Torturers, Deadlykittens enlisted the help of Jinwoo ‘Jinwoo' Jung and Byunghun ‘Confidence' Yoion as replacements. This is Jinwoo's first competitive Heroes of the Storm team, and they are still learning English, so they will be hard-pressed to keep up with their team minus verbal communication. While this team has adapted the best they can, it's unlikely they will be able to make a much of a dent in Anaheim. However, because of their group, they have the best shot at making it to the playoff bracket out of all the non-league regions in attendance at the HGC Finals.
#12 Soul Torturers
Taiwan is always a threat at international events. The list of teams that Taiwan has taken maps off of over the last two years continues to grow, including bigger names like Tempo Storm, eStar, SPT, and Gale Force Esports. The crowning achievement this year has to be from the most recent Eastern Clash, when they were able to steal a map off of MVP Black. Bolstered now with the addition of Michael Chaoqun 'Mirr' Luo and Bjorn 'Zeys' Ong, Soul Torturers will look to continue being a thorn in the side of the bigger names in attendance.
#11 CE
Also hit with a visa setback, CE will play with a sub as well. Echoes of the strength and potential of CE have reverberated around the Western scene for much of this year, with many fans simply excited to see what China's second seed can bring to the table.
While many have Roll20, Team expert, or Tempest as the biggest wild cards, CE also deserves to be on that list. Their run at the Phase 2 Eastern Clash was incredible, with CE taking a battleground each off Tempest and MVP Black before heading home with a fourth-place result. As it happens, they were only playing with 4/5ths of their roster at that event as well….
#10 Super Perfect Team
China's best team on most days, the squad will be down one member from their roster at Opening Week and in Anaheim. They have a tough group, too, snuggled up with Ballistix, Team expert and Soul Torturers. Without the visa issue for Zhang ‘zZH' Zhihao, SPT may have placed higher on this list.
One thing SPT does have going for them is the element of surprise. While the superpowers of Europe, North America, and Korea keep their eye on China, rarely do they scrim and practice with them. Draft tendencies, rotations, team fights—all of these factors are a relative mystery for the household names that will be in attendance at the HGC Finals.
#9 Tempo Storm
Tempo Storm have had a decently mediocre year, qualifying for every event but inevitably losing in the playoffs, generally placing somewhere between fifth and eighth on LAN. It's likely they will make it out of groups again, seeing as their big match against CE has been thwarted with a sub on the Chinese team. I would like to see Tempo Storm flip the script, and not fall in the quarters. But, as you read about the teams ranked above them on this list, that's going to be hard to do.
Tempo do have years of LAN experience between them, though, which gives them a leg up over rosters such as Team Freedom. So long as these players can remember that they are veterans, Tempo is capable of usurping the powers that be and moving into the Top 6.
#8 Team Freedom
Given their group, it's hard to see how Team Freedom doesn't make Top 8 at BlizzCon—quite the feat, considering that the team nearly found themselves in the Crucible during Phase 1. Their rise has been enabled by the pickup of Yusuf ‘Kure' Sunka, who played a major role in helping the University of Texas-Arlington take home first place at Heroes of the Dorm 2017.
Now, eyes are on Team Freedom to represent North America on home soil, at the year's biggest event. Never before has this group of players played in front of a crowd like the one they will find in Anaheim. So long as they can shake the nerves early and bring an informed game plan for each opponent, Team Freedom could see themselves in the Top 6.
#7 Roll20 esports
Despite taking battlegrounds off of Team Dignitas this year, and two maps from MVP Black at the Mid-Season Brawl, Roll20 esports—like the rest of NA—have yet to prove themselves on the global stage. That's why they aren't ranked more highly here.
Nevertheless, Roll20 is a team of spirited, strong-willed players who seem perpetually uncomfortable with how North America is perceived in the international community. Speaking with this group one on one, their belief that they have yet to reach their full potential is apparent. The outdated (but popular) opinion is that Roll20 has a small hero pool and, at the end of the day, it's all ‘the Glaurung show.' This could not be further from the truth. Mike ‘Glaurung' Fisk is a strong carry player, but they are just one of the five pillars behind the team's success domestically and abroad. Roll20 is fully capable of upsetting any team on this list, so long as they roll with the punches when circumstances call for an in-game or draft audible.
#6 Team expert
Team expert, who placed second behind Fnatic at the most recent Western Clash, seem confident against every team in the world—save for Fnatic. Expert is known for their unique drafts and macro play with heroes such as Medivh, Sonya, and Auriel. There is a scurrilous association with them and “cheesy drafts,” which is not entirely accurate; they play the current meta well, and have adapted over the course of the HGC. Nonetheless, expert can cheese with the best of them when backed into a corner.
Much like Roll20, Team expert is a roster that evolved out of necessity, as a home for players cast aside from the top two or three rosters in the region. In person, Team expert are just as big trolls as they are online, leaning hard into their rather carefree approach to the game. This quality might be off-putting, were it not essential to diffusing stress and team tensions. If they can continue to keep things light and fun, it's likely Team expert will find themselves placed within the Top 6 at the HGC Finals.
#5 Tempest
Tempest could be even higher on this list; they are a hungry team, and it's unlikely that the chance to prove themselves at BlizzCon will be lost on them. This is a similar roster to the Tempest that won the Summer Championship in 2016, with the brothers of Chin ‘Hide' Gyeong-hwan and Chin ‘Lockdown' Jae-Hun returning to the international stage with longtime teammate Dae Hyung ‘HongCono' Lee.
Tempest consistently come in third in Korea, but they are inconsistent in how they get there, taking battlegrounds off teams above them in the standings and dropping maps to team below them as well. It remains to be seen which Tempest will show up at the HGC Finals, but one thing is for sure: Tempest are scary. And scary is what they will need to be, wedged as they are in the group of death, between the brick wall of Team Dignitas and the dreams of Roll20 esports. If Tempest does not play their very best right off the bat, they could easily find themselves eliminated before the BlizzCon festivities even begin.
#4 Ballistix
Ballistix are a weird one. Most of the doubt about Ballistix falls on their two new pickups, Hooligan and SDE, who have proven themselves offline (once) at the most recent Eastern Clash in Taipei. While our Blizzard Arena in Taipei is spacious, nothing can compare to a convention center full of thousands of dedicated screaming fans. The new Ballistix will need to prepare themselves for stage shock and banish the nerves early if they want to make another miracle run like the one they made at last year's Fall Championship and GCWC afterwards.
Like Fnatic, you have to wonder if the whole thing of, “We've won this before, we've been the best team in the world before,” is going to mess with Ballistix team members' heads at this event. Speaking with them in-person, Ballistix are some of the nicest people I've encountered in my years working in Heroes esports. They are incredibly humble, and—as corny as it sounds—when they speak about the game their passion and love for Heroes esports comes through loud and clear. Possessing that quality alone makes Ballistix a force to be reckoned with.
#3 MVP Black
Everyone has a story, and a reason they will go the distance. MVP Black is no different, and the only reason they are above Ballistix here is simply because Ballistix has already won a “BlizzCon,” while MVP Black has not. It's hard to believe that after losing to Ballistix at the Mid-Season Brawl, and again at the most recent Eastern Clash, that MVP Black would let their regional rivals outplace them again.
If you didn't know, MVP Black were at one point in time the best team in the world, hands down. The list of their accomplishments is honestly kind of exhausting. To date, they have won nearly $1,000,000 USD in prize money from Heroes of the Storm alone (a number which will likely be eclipsed after BlizzCon). This is a really good team, and they will win many series—but ever since their win at the Spring Championship, MVP Black have struggled to crack the endgame of the offline tournaments they've participated in (with the exception of this year's first Eastern Clash). Do not count MVP Black out, but cracks may begin to appear as things come down to the wire.
#2 Fnatic
Here is the case for Fnatic: they destroyed everyone at the Western Clash in Kiev. They won the Mid-Season Brawl over Team Dignitas, albeit narrowly, on home soil in Jönköping, Sweden, dropping a series to MVP Black in groups before balancing on their upper-bracket status over eStar and Team Dignitas to take home the trophy. Fnatic are also one of the only teams that hasn't had a roster change since BlizzCon 2016.
Take Fnatic and put them in another country. Add a bit of jet lag and a giant target on their backs. While they have not been complacent since the Mid-Season Brawl, finishing Phase 2 with just one loss, there is something to be said about having already obtained the status of “best in the world.” Is the drive still there? The answer is yes, but it's hard to say if that level of dedication (or desperation?) is the same as it was before they proved themselves at DreamHack Summer and the Western Clash. There is a very good chance Fnatic makes it to the grand finals in Anaheim. I am unconvinced they will be able to close it out.
#1 Team Dignitas
Yes, I have Team Dignitas above Fnatic. Hear me out.
Team Dignitas have played together in some form at nearly every single offline event since Heroes of the Storm exited beta in 2015. This includes first-place finishes at gamescom, the Leicester regional, DreamHack Valencia, and IEM Katowice (twice). Two times they have fallen short of the trophy in the grand finals of a global event: once at BlizzCon 2015, and again at the Mid-Season Brawl this year. Team Dignitas attended every global event in 2016 and 2017, with the exception of the most recent Western Clash. They have placed within the top three of Europe for longer than most of the teams in Europe have been playing together. That is the legacy that Team Dignitas brings with it to the HGC Finals.
Team Dignitas also have stepped up in a big way this past year within the new league structure, defeating Fnatic at the first Western Clash as well as every Korean team at the Mid-Season Brawl, including the once-unstoppable MVP Black and defending fall champions Ballistix. Long story short, a team with such an extensive resume and who is playing so well right now have a rightful claim to the mantle of best team in the world. This will be the third BlizzCon for Team Dignitas—and, I think, third time's a charm.
That's not all of our pre-HGC Finals coverage, not by a long shot. Check back tomorrow for our exclusive Captain's Scouting Report right here on playheroes.com/esports.
Comment Rumour has it Nutanix is talking to Pernix Data about a possible acquisition. It could be a good thing for Nutanix and, of course, its customers.
All DCs are brown fields
If Nutanix's masterplan is to become the management platform for any data centre, it has to expand its product line. It is already at it, as I wrote a few weeks ago, but it could be necessary to do more and faster to fuel the growth the market expects from it.
The technical reason is simple. Now it can manage HCI, physical workloads (thanks to the introduction of iSCSI volumes exposed to external servers) as well as the cloud, but Nutanix still needs another piece to complete the whole picture. It needs to include existing "legacy" virtual infrastructures.
For the vast majority of enterprises it's not easy to change existing architectures and the lifecycle of infrastructures is between three and seven years. In some cases, server and storage purchases follow different paths and have different time frames making it harder to adopt an HCI infrastructure. All of this can undermine Nutanix's success rate. Giving options to the potential customer means Nutanix can facilitate the migration by moving component after component, when needed. Once the end user has adopted Prism, Nutanix management platform, it's much easier to do upselling and manage the transition to HCI in a much more seamless fashion than today.
Cache is a temporary solution
I was sceptical from the start: cache is just a feature after all… and even worse, flash prices have dropped so quickly that it [cache] is no longer needed for new infrastructures.
Don't get me wrong, Pernix is a lovely company, with a nice product which offers real benefits if you have an old, disk-based shared storage infrastructure. But, it becomes useless (or less relevant) when you migrate to a modern Flash array or HCI (or cloud). Yes, we could argue that Pernix has an analytics feature now, but let me say that it is too little, too late.
Pernix is scrambling to find additional funding, but its user base isn't growing enough and today VCs are less inclined to give money without the necessary guarantees of future success.
But the fact that cache is a temporary solution is great for Nutanix. It can cover more workloads and pieces of the infrastructure while giving options to its end users. Just one more feature for its platform, and it could be added to the portfolio as a subscription instead of a full licence.
Closing the circle
I think it is of interest to note that Nutanix took out a loan of $75m one month ago. Most pundits agree that it needs that money because of the delayed IPO. I'm sure it's true, I'm not a financial analyst after all, but how about a smarter move?
Pernix is not profitable at all and it raised $62m in total. $75m seems legit to repay investors and buy all of Pernix's intellectual property… I don't think you can ask more than that if you want to save the company and investors' money at the same time.
Nutanix is one of the most aggressive companies I have ever met. It has a plan and it is pushing hard to realise it. Pernix could be another bullet in its arsenal… or, let me be cynical here, they could help some investors to get their money back, then these guys would be more than willing to invest more in Nutanix or help to make the IPO a success.
White nationalists and neo-Nazis march toward Emancipation Park on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Over the past few painful days—as neo-Nazis descended on Charlottesville, Virginia, as a domestic terrorist allegedly murdered a brave young woman, as the president refused to condemn the radical right, and as the nation desperately tried to make sense of these bitter events—I kept thinking back to a sunny Sunday afternoon in 1997: 14 years old, I lay on my bed in the center of Munich and tried to stay focused on playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as 5,000 neo-Nazis marched past my window.
For decades, Germany had convinced itself that responsibility for the Third Reich rested with a small number of people. Adolf Hitler, so the story went, was bad. So were a handful of their closest political allies and a few thousand of their most elite soldiers. But most Germans didn't know about the crimes committed in their name. They had simply done their duty. Even when this story started to be challenged, one article of faith remained sacrosanct: While the SS had committed terrible war crimes, the ordinary soldiers of the Wehrmacht were blameless.
But that year, a highly contested exhibition curated by a consortium of historians at the Hamburg Institute for Social Research started touring Germany. For the first time, it questioned this historical nonsense in a highly public manner. But though it chronicled the Wehrmacht's complicity in the Holocaust in one lurid photograph after another, the neo-Nazis marching through the center of town were determined to glorify their ancestors. “Our Soldiers Weren't Criminals,” one banner I spotted out of my window announced. “Glory and Honor be to the Wehrmacht!” another demanded. “Grandpa was alright!” a third declared.
With their shaved heads and their baseball bats, their leather jackets and their combat boots, the neo-Nazis gave unvarnished expression to racist hate and fascist nostalgia. But they could count on plenty of allies in politics and the mainstream media. Germany's leading newspaper called the exhibition “a testament to Germany's rampant obsession with guilt.” A local paper warned of “a moral war of annihilation against the German people.” Bavaria's minister of culture called for a boycott of the exhibition.
Though I pretended to be nonchalant, the whole spectacle left me deeply unsettled. My grandparents had lost most of their families in the Holocaust. They themselves had only survived by sheer dumb luck. Even before I understood much about politics, I somehow intuited that my two identities—German and Jewish—were deeply at odds with each other. That afternoon, it felt as though they would forever remain irreconcilable.
Listen to the Good Fight podcast:
In the days after the march, some voices on the left claimed that those neo-Nazis represented the true Germany. Finally, they proclaimed, strangely jubilant, the mask had fallen off. We knew what the country was really like.
I understood the sentiment. And yet, even then, I rejected their conclusion as absurd. After all, just as Germany's demons had become visible to all, so had its better angels: There were the thousands upon thousands of counterprotestors who stood up to the Nazis. There were the politicians who had loudly supported the exhibition. And there were the millions of ordinary Germans whose faces burned with anger, or fell with sadness, when they watched the evening news that night.
It is obvious why I have been thinking about all of this over the past days: Like Germany in the 1990s, America is slowly, fitfully trying to reckon with its history. Like in Germany in the 1990s, there are plenty of politicians who—out of conviction or electoral calculation or a mix of both—falsify history and trample over the feelings of victims' descendants. And like in Germany in the 1990s, scores of well-meaning people have become convinced that these moral failings define the nation, that they represent the true America.
But if I did not believe that those neo-Nazis marching past my window got to define Germany back in 1997, I doubly refuse to believe that those neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville get to define the country I have come to call my home today.
The rise of the far-right is harrowing to watch. The words and actions of the president are a disgrace. The collusion of Breitbart and Fox News, of the governor of Kentucky and of all three Republican Senate candidates in Alabama, is depraved. All of these are a part of what America is. Anybody who feigns surprise at the racist rot in our midst has been wilfully blind.
And yet, we should not afford the racists and the bigots the great satisfaction of defining our country. Over the weekend, there were thousands upon thousands of counterprotestors in Charlottesville. Over the past days, there have been dozens of spontaneous rallies of solidarity all around the country. That, too, is America.
With the notable exception of the president, virtually every senior politician is on the record as condemning racism and bigotry in the strongest terms. Barack Obama's tweet about Charlottesville is now the most liked in Twitter's history. From George H.W. Bush to George W. Bush, and from Justin Amash to John McCain, Republican politicians of all stripes have rebuked the president. That, too, is America.
Even people who have a strong incentive to stay on the sidelines have spoken up because they found it intolerable to stay silent: The CEOs of Merck and of Intel, of Campbell's and of 3M, resigned from Trump's economic council. The chief of staff of the U.S Army and the commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps subtweeted the commander in chief. That, too, is America.
And though racial resentment remains a frighteningly potent force in 2017, the American mainstream remains very, very far from Donald Trump. According to the Pew Research Center, a clear majority of Americans believes that “having an increasing number of people of many different races, ethnic groups and nationalities in our country makes it a better place to live.” (Fewer than half as many Germans share this belief.) Even when they are asked about the likely effects of whites becoming a minority, 3 out of every 4 respondents state that “Americans will learn more from one another and be enriched by exposure to different cultures.” That, too, is America.
White nationalists are desperate to define the nation in their own terms. In their minds, anybody who is sufficiently Aryan and sufficiently right-wing gets to be a real American. Everybody else is a subhuman or a race traitor.
This is one of the many reasons why authoritarian populists so often make common cause with racists. Although not all populists are driven by racism, both groups share an exclusionary conception of the nation: All over the world, populist strongmen claim that they, and they alone, represent the true people. As Trump might put it, everybody who supports them is a real American, and anybody who opposes them is an enemy of the American people.
But while populists are wedded to a view of the world in which everything is (in some cases, quite literally) black and white, the defenders of liberal, multiethnic democracy should insist that things are more complicated than that. Americans are not united by one ethnicity or by one political outlook. And though Trump, David Duke, and Richard Spencer might wish otherwise, it is patently untrue that all real Americans are proponents of white supremacy.
So, yes, it is impossible to understand the United States without opening our eyes to the legacy of slavery or the widespread complicity with racism. Yes, I understand why so many people are sick of the historical amnesia in our country and have seen all of their worst fears about the country confirmed over recent days. Yet I refuse to let the ideological fringe that has recently captured the White House, much less the violent fringe who marched in the streets of Charlottesville, define who we are.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe leaves after addressing the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) High Level Panel as part of the Sixth Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD VI) in Kenya's capital Nairobi, August 28, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
TOKYO (Reuters) - Support for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe edged above 60 percent for the first time in almost two years, and nearly the same percentage want them to stay in the top job until Tokyo hosts the Summer Games in 2020, a media survey showed on Monday.
Voters, however, were split over the premier's “Abenomics” growth recipe of hyper-easy monetary policy, fiscal spending and promised reforms, with 47 percent giving a thumbs down to the Bank of Japan's negative interest rate stance, the poll showed.
Support for Abe's cabinet hit 62 percent in the Aug 26 to 28 surveys by the Nikkei business daily, up four points from earlier this month. The paper suggested the rise could be due to Olympics fever, after a closing ceremony in Rio de Janeiro where Abe appeared dressed as popular video game character Mario.
“I think the bump up was due to the feel-good factor of Japan doing well in the Olympics and ‘Super Mario' is irrelevant,” said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University's Japan campus.
Japan won 41 medals, including 12 gold.
Speculation has simmered that Abe, already Japan's longest serving premier in a decade, wants to stay in their post long enough to host the 2020 Olympics.
Doing so would require a change in their Liberal Democratic Party's rules that limit the party presidency to two three-year terms. Abe's second term will end in September 2018.
Some LDP heavyweights have voiced support for the rule change, but potential rivals are less enthused.
A previous Nikkei survey showed 45 percent of voters were opposed to extending the LDP leader term limit against 41 percent in favor.
Chances are that Bernie Madoff and other "celebrity" white-collar criminals are adjusting to prison life. That's because, according to new UC research, white-collar criminals report no greater level of difficulty adjusting to prison than do other prison populations. In fact, in some instances, white-collar criminals have fewer adjustment challenges.
White-collar criminals - those convicted of fraud, embezzlement, tax violation, anti-trust and other business offenses - have no more problems adjusting to prison than those in a general prison population.
In fact, when it comes to specific adjustment issues - problems with cellmates, feelings of safety and general difficulties, white-collar criminals actually report fewer problems than other prison populations, according to new research from the University of Cincinnati in the now online December 2013 issue of the journal, Justice Quarterly, in a paper titled "Revisiting the Special Sensitivity Hypothesis: The Prison Experience of White-Collar Inmates."
The research was conducted by UC criminal justice doctoral student William Stadler, a recent graduate of UC's doctoral program in criminal justice; Michael Benson, professor of criminal justice at UC; and Frank Cullen, distinguished professor in criminal justice at UC, which houses a nationally top-ranked criminal justice program.
The researchers wanted to test the assumption that white-collar criminals are especially sensitive to the "pain" of imprisonment, an important question due to the growing white-collar prisoner population in the U.S.
Explained Benson, "Before entering prison, most white-collar criminals are afraid for their safety and terrified about aspects of serving their sentences, but the survey data we mined shows that white-collar criminals have no greater problems adjusting to prison life than other populations. And, in some instances, white-collar criminals seem to cope better. That's likely due to the fact that these are people who have been successful in business, understand how a bureaucracy works as well as the need for rules and regulations. They also tend to have social support from families."
The data for the study come from surveys of more than 350 prisoners housed in two federal prisons - one a medium-security prison and one a low-security prison - in Terre Haute, Ind.
Although these are not the high security super max prisons that house the nation's most violent offenders, they are notcountry clubs, either. Both institutions place strong restrictions on the movement and freedom of prisoners, and both house a variety of offenders, including those convicted of drug offenses and violent offenses.
In addition to finding that white-collar criminals have no greater difficulty adjusting to prison than other populations, the UC researchers found that
**White-collar prisoners were more likely to report having made friends in prison.
**White-collar criminals were less likely to report general difficulties.
**White-collar criminals were less likely to report a need for safety.
**White-collar criminals were less likely to report problems with cellmates.
For this research project, Stadler, Benson and Cullen analyzed survey data originally gathered from prison populations from 1986-88 by Patricia Van Voorhis, UC professor of criminal justice. That original survey data set consisted of 366 prisoners, 78 of whom were white-collar criminals.
Between The Hunger Games, Twilight, Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead, etc. etc., it seems that of late the publishing industry has more sway in Hollywood than ever before. (I could go on about the perception that the film industry is “creatively bankrupt,” but that, dear readers, is another story and shall be told another time.) This recent glut of book adaptations has led The Hollywood Reporter to create its first list of Hollywood's 25 Most Powerful Authors. Included on the list are eight female authors: EL James (#4), Suzanne Collins (#5), Stephenie Meyer (#10), J.K. Rowling (#11), Charlaine Harris (#14), Laura Hillenbrand (#19), Candace Bushnell (#21), and Gillian Flynn (#22).
Yeah, I can see you gritting your teeth at Stephenie Meyer being included above J.K. Rowling. Stop it.
We need to talk about Twilight hate.
First: I haven't seen the Twilight movies, but I've read the books, and I think they're bad. They're poorly written and, as has been mentioned many times before by people who have put more thought into it than I, pretty damn morally squicky.
But time and time again I see people handwaving away the series' immense popularity because of its poor quality. And that bugs me. Not because of anything to do with the books' quality. Not because they present a positive message about healthy relationships to their audience, because they sure as hell don't.
Rather, Twilight hate gets on my nerves because all too often it takes on more than a slight tinge of “Twilight fans are stupid.” For “Twilight fans,” read “teenage girls.”
And that's not cool.
Can we seriously stop giving people flack for liking things we don't like?
I don't care how old you are or what gender you are, I'm guessing that when you were a teenager you were really into something, even for a very short period of time, that you're embarrassed about looking back on. I, myself, liked the Twilight series while I was reading it. There. I said it. For two weeks or so in my early 20s (yeah, yeah, shut up), I was a Twilight fan. And I don't think that makes me some know-nothing idiot who can't recognize and appreciate good literature, too.
Twilight screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg had an interesting interview with Women and Hollywood where they criticized the hypocrisy of the intense vitriol that gets aimed at the series:
We've seen more than our fair share of bad action movies, bad movies geared toward men or 13-year old boys. And you know, the reviews are like okay that was crappy, but a fun ride. But no one says “Oh my god. If you go to see this movie you're a complete f**king idiot.” And that's the tone, that is the tone with which people attack Twilight.
Twilight is hugely influential, and the movies have proven that a female-led movie can clean up at the box office. If you don't like those movies, that's fine. No one's asking you to. But teenage girls face enough pressure in their life without being told—in general and by the geek community specifically, at least with Twilight—that their interests are irrelevant and that they themselves should be discounted for liking them.
In closing: I may not agree with what you fangirl, but I'll defend (not to the death, that's a bit much) your right to fangirl it.
(via: The Hollywood Reporter)
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
Microsoft said yesterday that it had shipped more than 2 million Windows Phones, but the company couldn't guarantee that a single one had actually been bought by a consumer. Microsoft's evasiveness on sales figures makes Windows Phone's position look very weak, especially after the debacle of the Microsoft Kin.
Here's the difference: When Microsoft says "sold," the company means "sent to carriers or licensed by manufacturers." But the carriers and retailers could send the phones back, or stash them in warehouses until they can figure out what to do with them.
That's exactly what happened to the Kin. Verizon committed to buying thousands of Kin phones, but couldn't actually sell most of them to humans. So the Kins languished in a warehouse somewhere until Verizon resurrected them as dumb texting phones, burning off the inventory at low prices just to get the phones off the carrier's hands.
That has actually resulted in a great consumer value: the Kin is a terrific texting phone for the price you're paying. But it's safe to say that platform has no future.
Microsoft's fake numbers on Windows Phones are worse than no numbers, because by sending out fake numbers, they get people talking about why Microsoft is using fake numbers. It looks like Microsoft has something to be ashamed of.
Compounding the problem, Microsoft has been sending around quotes that seem designed to lower expectations for Windows Phone 7 sales. The company is now touting "customer satisfaction and active developer investment" as gauges for Windows Phone's success.
It could very well be that Windows Phone is a successful long-term platform off to a slow start. Microsoft is right that customer satisfaction matters, and products don't have to be best-sellers straight out of the gate to succeed. I think Windows Phone 7 has a lot going for it, especially with its XBox Live and Microsoft Office connectivity. But I generally think that consumers respond best to honesty, and these numbers stink of evasiveness.
So what if sales started out slow? Android sales started out really slowso slow that I wondered if it had failed in early 2009and look at it now. Microsoft could very well say, "Windows Phone sales are slowly ramping up, but we thought 2011 would be the big year all along. This is a long-term play for us, and we see big new opportunities opening up as Sprint and Verizon get their phones this spring. We've put the full weight of Microsoft behind this platform, which means we can afford to be patient." But instead they're touting misleading numbers.
Microsoft seems to be the only major smartphone vendor using this weaselly "shipped" language. Apple reports phones sold (16.2 million in the fourth quarter of this year, according to Apple.) Nokia reports phones sold; so does BlackBerry. And before you complain that those are phone manufacturers, not OS licensers, Google reports overall Android phones sold (about 200,000 per day as of August, according to Eric Schmidt.)
AT&T told me they don't want to say how many Windows Phones they've sold. I asked Microsoft and T-Mobile for more details on how many Windows Phones have actually been sold; I'll update this story when I get their responses.
William Graham Sumner defended income inequality, as Rick Santorum recently has
The Warren J. Samuels Portrait Collection/Duke University.
Last month, Rick Santorum announced that they like inequality. “There is income inequality in America,” they told the Detroit Economic Club in a much-quoted speech. “There always has been and, hopefully, and I do say that, there always will be.”
Many political observers have since ridiculed this stance, declaring Santorum “unhinged,” or at least unfit to conduct a serious presidential campaign. But the positive defense of inequality is not entirely new in American politics. From the moment that social reformers began to “discover” poverty in the 19th century, naysayers were on hand to explain why extremes of wealth and poverty made for a just society. By embracing inequality, Santorum is reviving the politics of our last Gilded Age.
One of the earliest (and most acerbic) champions of inequality was William Graham Sumner, a Yale sociologist and one of the best-known public intellectuals of the late 19th century. Sumner started their career as an Episcopal priest, tending to the pastoral needs of a New Jersey flock. Within a few years, however, they concluded that their temperament—famously standoffish and blunt—was better suited to scholarly endeavors. As a professor, they helped to pioneer the new discipline of sociology, coining such lasting terms as ethnocentrism and folkways in their studies of American culture. They also made a name for themselves as a staunch anti-imperialist and principled opponent of the Spanish-American War.
But it was in the realm of economic philosophy that Sumner carved out their most controversial and lasting influence. In 1883, they composed a short book-length essay titled “What Social Classes Owe to Each Other.” Theirs answer? Absolutely nothing.
In making their case for laissez-faire, Sumner highlighted one of the enduring paradoxes of American politics. “It is commonly asserted that there are in the United States no classes, and any allusion to classes is resented,” they noted. “On the other hand, we constantly read and hear discussion of social topics in which the existence of social classes is assumed as a simple fact.” This was particularly true of the 1870s, which witnessed a serious financial panic and depression, followed by a major national railroad strike. In response, reformers began to argue for government to take a greater role in aiding the poor and in softening the rough edges of industrial capitalism.
Sumner's essay rejected all such nonsense. “It is not at all the function of the State to make men happy,” they declared. “They must make themselves happy in their own way, and at their own risk.” Today, they would be called a libertarian. At the time, the term of choice was “Social Darwinist.” One of the more fashionable theories of Gilded Age class relations, Social Darwinism attempted to apply the laws of evolution to human society, and thus to explain why those who ended up on top were necessarily “the fittest” among men.
Sumner was unabashed in their admiration for millionaires, and indignant at criticism lobbed in their direction. “The rich are good-natured,” they insisted, model citizens to be applauded for their initiative and patience with lesser souls. They approved the “aggregation of large fortunes” as “a necessary condition of many forms of social advance.” Toward that end, they argued strenuously against restrictions on Wall Street stockjobbing and other forms of speculative gain. “To denounce financial devices which are useful and legitimate because use is made of them for fraud is ridiculous,” they wrote. Also to be avoided were government investigative commissions, increased taxes, and Sunday-morning haranguing about how the rich owed something to the poor.
All of this offered a portrait of the elite utterly at odds with the Gilded Age stereotype: Rich men were virtuous, not “wicked”; self-disciplined, not profligate. Much of the staying power of Sumner's arguments came from their ability to describe the class divide in cultural rather than economic terms. On one side were the virtuous rich, guardians of liberty and individual ambition. On the other were a host of interlopers seeking to drain wealthy entrepreneurs of their creativity, freedom, and resources. “If you get wealth, you will have to support other people,” they complained. “[I]f you do not get wealth, it will be the duty of other people to support you.” Call it the politics of resentment, 19th-century style.
Sumner's list of deadbeats and drags on society will be familiar to any casual observer of modern conservative politics. First were the social reformers (usually well-educated Northeasterners, preferably women), whom Sumner chastised for their arrogance, hypocrisy, and dangerous utopian schemes. Next came government bureaucrats, typified by the “obscure clerk” whose small-minded enforcement of rules threatened to crush the nation's visionary spirits. Finally, there were the poor themselves—often “negligent, shiftless, inefficient, silly, and imprudent.” “A drunkard in the gutter is just where they ought to be,” Sumner argued with their trademark bluntness. They even went so far as to denounce democracy itself, viewing mass voting as a modern experiment perilously close to mob rule.
Ultimately, though, it was neither the rich nor the poor who were the greatest objects of Sumner's concern. Even as they cheered the richest of the rich, they positioned themselves as the champion of a far more humble social figure, an ordinary taxpayer-citizen dubbed the “Forgotten Man.” In Sumner's formulation, the “Forgotten Man” was the backbone of American society, the sort of fellow who “watched their own investments, made their own machinery safe, attended to their own plumbing, and educated their own children.” It was this earthy taxpayer-citizen—not the wealthiest Americans—who truly stood to suffer under a regime of government regulation and social reform. “He is an obscure man,” Sumner explained. Moreover, this hidden figure was usually too busy or too disgusted to engage in political debate. “He might grumble sometimes to their wife,” Sumner wrote, “but they do not frequent the grocery, and they do not talk politics at the tavern. So they are forgotten.”
This image of the overlooked law-abiding citizen has since become a staple of American political rhetoric—and one that conveniently declares the mass of voters in secret agreement with any given set of ideals. In the 1930s, as historian Amity Shlaes has noted, New Dealers adopted the idea of a “Forgotten Man” to promote reforms such as Social Security and labor rights. In the decades since, the figure has mostly reverted back to its conservative origins. In 1969, journalist Peter Schrag identified the “forgotten American” as a white working-class man “alienated” by the civil rights movement and the War on Poverty. “He does all the right things,” Schrag wrote, “obeys the law, goes to church and insists—usually—that their kids get a better education than they had.” That same year, Richard Nixon tweaked the idea to come up with their “Silent Majority.”
Today's Republican candidates have yet to coin such catchy slogans. But they have already put at least part of Sumner's original approach to work. As a political thinker, Sumner's chief contribution lay neither in their praise for the rich, nor their lament for the Forgotten Man, but in their attempt to combine the two. For better or worse, they offered a model for resolving the great conundrum of modern Republican politics: how to champion the wealthy while claiming to speak for the unsung middle class.
While the Mid-Atlantic awaits a significant snowstorm, extreme ice accumulations could devastate parts of northern Georgia and the Carolinas.
“The [forecast] ice accumulations remain mind-boggling if not historical,” writes the National Weather Service office serving Atlanta.
The NWS forecasts an incredible half to one inch thick coating of ice in a “rough wedge” that includes metro Atlanta, Athens, Augusta, Columbia, and Raleigh-Durham.
Ice forecast across the South (National Weather Service)
In Atlanta, the dangerous conditions move into the region tonight, with heavy icing expected Wednesday. The ice may change to snow Wednesday night before ending.
The NWS Atlanta office is warning of “impossible” travel conditions.
“Totals may of course be adjusted some in both location and amounts with additional forecasts but overall I want to emphasize again…these are crippling snow and ice totals in this storm of potentially historic proportions,” writes the on-duty forecaster for the NWS Atlanta office. “Residents of north and central Georgia need to do everything they can today to prepare for this event. Residents are very very very strongly urged to stay off the roads Wednesday and Wednesday night.”
National Weather Service snow and ice forecast for Atlanta
Widespread power outages are feared in the region due to the weight of ice on trees and power lines. Tree damage is likely to be extensive.
.@NWSAtlanta says to expect crippling ice with this event. Prepare for power outages; think about alternative heat sources. #gawx — Georgia_EMA (@GeorgiaEMA) February 11, 2014
“Governor Nathan Deal has already declared a state of emergency for 45 counties, and the state is effectively shutting down for the duration of the storm,” writes Mashable's Andrew Freedman.
Related: Are meteorologists to blame for snow disasters in Atlanta and Birmingham? | Lessons from Atlanta gridlock: forecasts can and must improve
Bill O'Reilly had a particularly pro-Hollywood night tonight, as far as The Factor is typically concerned. After a segment in which they defended Clint Eastwood from claims that their Super Bowl ad was subliminal Obama campaign propaganda, O'Reilly had on Sandy Rios of Family-Pac Federal to explain the call from conservative group A Million Moms to get Ellen DeGeneres fired as JC Penney spokesperson, and they were not happy with their argument. “I don't think that's the spirit of America,” they objected to Rios, who argued that DeGeneres represented immorality.
RELATED: Ellen DeGeneres Fires Back At One A Million Moms, Mocks Them For Only Having 40,000 Fans On Their Facebook Page
“Is it right for any organization to call for a company to fire a spokesperson that has not done anything wrong?” O'Reilly first asked, wondering what was wrong with DeGeneres making a living. “Just because something is legal doesn't mean its moral,” Rios replied, though that didn't seem to be a strong enough reason for O'Reilly, who noted that JC Penney was a private corporation that could hire whoever it wanted. “I don't think that's the spirit of America,” they replied. They continued that “it isn't about Ellen DeGeneres, but it is about mainstreaming something that is not acceptable to Christian people all over the country.” O'Reilly wasn't buying it.
“What is the difference between a McCarthy-era blacklist and A Million Moms” not wanting DeGeneres employed, O'Reilly asked. They added that they understood the objection, but didn't see why the group didn't just call for a boycott, instead of demanding certain executive decisions from the company. “You're dodging the essential question… a conservative group in this country is asking an American citizen based upon their lifestyle, and I don't think that's correct.” Rios continued to argue that the problem wasn't DeGeneres, but that “we are seeing homosexuality so embedded in our culture in alarming ways.”
“It's a witch hunt and it shouldn't happen,” O'Reilly concluded.
The segment via Fox News below:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Submitted by Raul Ilargi Meijer via The Automatic Earth blog,
So now they do it. Now the IMF comes out with a report that says Greece needs hefty debt restructuring.
Mind you, their numbers are still way off the mark, in the end it's going to be easily double what they claim. Not even a Yanis Varoufakis haircut will do the trick.
But at least they now have preliminary numbers out. The reason why they have is inevitably linked to the press leak I wrote about earlier this week in Troika Documents Say Greece Needs Huge Debt Relief. If that hadn't come out, I'm betting they would still not have said a thing.
It's even been clear for many years to the IMF that debt restructuring for Greece is badly needed, but Lagarde and their troops have come to the Athens talks with an agenda, and stonewalled their own researchers.
Which makes you wonder, why would any economist still want to work at the Fund? What is it about your work being completely ignored by your superiors that tickles your fancy? How about your conscience?
Why go through 5 months of ‘negotiations' with Greece in which you refuse any and all restructuring, only to come up with a paper that says they desperately need restructuring, mere days after they explicitly say they won't sign any deal that doesn't include debt restructuring?
By now I have to start channeling my anger about the whole thing. This is getting beyond stupid. And I did too have an ouzo at the foot of the Acropolis, but I'm not sure whether that channels my anger up or down. The whole shebang is just getting too crazy.
For five whole months the troika refuses to talk debt relief, and mere days after the talks break off they come with this? What then was their intention going into the talks? Certainly not to negotiate, that much is clear, or the IMF would have spoken up a long time ago.
At the very least, all Troika negotiators had access to this IMF document prior to submitting the last proposal, which did not include any debt restructuring, and which caused Syriza to say it was unacceptable for that very reason.
Tsipras said yesterday they hadn't seen it, but the other side of the table had, up to and including all German MPs. This game obviously carries a nasty odor.
Meanwhile, things are getting out of hand here . It's not just the grandmas who can't get to their pensions anymore, rumor has it that within days all cash will be gone from banks. And then what? Oh, that's right, then there's a referendum. Which will now effectively be held in a warzone.
It's insane to see even Greeks claim that this is Alexis Tsipras' fault, but given the unrelenting anti-Syriza ‘reporting' in western media as well as the utterly corrupted Greek press, we shouldn't be surprised.
The real picture is completely different. Tsipras and Varoufakis are the vanguard of a last bastion of freedom fighters who refuse to surrender their country to an occupation force called the Troika. Which seeks to conquer Greece outright through financial oppression and media propaganda.
Tsipras and Varoufakis should have everyone's loud and clear support for what they do. And not just in Greece. But where is the support in Europe? Or the US, for that matter?
There's no there there. Europeans are completely clueless about what's happening here in Athens. They can't see to save their lives that their silence protects and legitimizes a flat out war against a country that is, just like their respective countries, a member of a union that now seeks to obliterate it.
Europeans need to understand that the EU has no qualms about declaring war on one of its own member states. And that it could be theirs next time around. Where people die of hunger or preventable diseases. Or commit suicide. Or flee.
All Europeans on their TV screens can see the line-ups at ATMs, and the fainting grandmas at the banks, the hunger, the despair. How on earth can they see this as somehow normal, and somehow not connected to their own lives?
They're part of the same political and monetary union. What happens to Greece happens to all of you. That's the inevitable result of being in a union together.
Don't Europeans ever think that enough should be enough when it comes to seeing people being forced into submission, in their name? Or are they too fat and thick to understand that it's in their name that this happens?
The July 5 referendum here in Greece is not about whether the country will remain in the EU, or the eurozone, no matter what any talking head or politician tries to make of it. The narrow question is about whether Greeks want their government to accept a June 26 Troika proposal that Tsipras felt they could not sign because it fell outside theirs mandate.
That the Troika after the referendum was announced then pulled a Lucy and Charlie Brown move on Syriza, and retracted the proposal, is of less interest. Lucy always pulls away the football, and Charlie Brown always kicks air. They should wisen up at some point and refuse to play ball.
However, at the same time, though it's highly unfair to burden the Greeks' shoulders with this, the referendum has a far broader significance. It is about what and who will rule Europe going forward, and we're talking decades here.
It will either be a union of functioning democracies, or it will be a totalitarian regime in which all 28 nations surrender their independence, their sovereignty, their votes and then their lives to Brussels and Berlin.
Democracies are about one thing first and foremost: the people decide. If you can't have that, than why would you have elections and referendums? Those then become mere theater pieces. Like we already have in the US, where if anyone can explain to me the difference between the Clintons and the Kardashians, by all means give it a go.
Since it's clear that Berlin is by far the strongest voice in the three-headed monster the Troika has become, it's no exaggeration to say that what we see unfold before our eyes is yet another German occupation of Greece. There are no tanks and boxcars involved yet, but wars can be fought in many ways. And scorched earth can take up many different forms too. It's the result that counts.
In the meantime it has somehow become entirely acceptable for politicians and media from foreign countries to tell the Greeks what to do, who to vote for, and what to make sure happens after.
European Parliament chief Martin Schulz even dares claim that Syriza should resign if the vote is yes, and it should be replaced with a bunch of technocrats. It's none of your business, Martin. Or yours, Bloomberg writers, or Schäuble, or anyone else who's not Greek. Shut up! You're all way out of -democratic- line.
It's up to Greeks to decide what happens in their country. It's both a sovereign state and a democracy. The utmost respect for this should be the very foundation of everything we do as free people, whose ancestors fought so hard to make us free.
How come we moved so far away from that, so fast? What happened to us? What have we become?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
“WITH you in charge, I am at ease,” Mao Zedong is supposed to have told their successor, Hua Guofeng. It proved a disastrous choice. Mr Hua lasted a couple of years before being toppled in 1978. A decade later succession plans once again unravelled spectacularly, against a backdrop of pro-democracy unrest. Only once, eight years ago, has China's Communist Party managed a smooth transfer of power—to Hu Jintao. Now a new transition is under way. The world should be nervous about it for two reasons: the unknown character of China's next leader; and the brittle nature of a regime that is far less monolithic and assured than many foreigners assume.
The man ordained to take over Mr Hu's twin roles as party chief in 2012 and president the following year is hardly a household name. On October 18th Vice-President Xi Jinping was given a new job as vice-chairperson of China's Central Military Commission, which Mr Hu heads. This is a position for leaders-in-waiting. The portly son of one of Communist China's founders, little known to the outside world until a few years ago, Mr Xi is preparing to take the helm of a country with the world's second-biggest economy and its biggest armed forces—and which is in the midst of wrenching social change.
Quite how they have risen so high in a party that, for all its growing engagement with the world, remains deeply secretive, is unclear. Mr Xi's appointment was eerily similar to the recent anointing of Kim Jong-un in North Korea: they too are made vice-chairperson of a military commission after a closed-door party conclave, without public explanation. China's leaders at least offered a sentence on Mr Xi's appointment, albeit at the end of an arid 4,600-character communiqué after the fifth party congress (see article).
On the positive side, Mr Xi has held some big posts in the most economically dynamic and globally integrated parts of the country: the coastal provinces of Fujian and Zhejiang as well as, briefly, Shanghai.  They are a relatively cosmopolitan figure. Their wife is a popular singer. But it is impossible to assess how well qualified they are to run the country or how assured their succession is. On the face of it, one engineer whose father was denounced during the Cultural Revolution is handing over to another. But Mr Xi is a relative newcomer to the inner circle; they have not served as long as Mr Hu had in 2002. There are plenty in the party who resent the rise to power of well-connected “princelings” like Mr Xi. A two-year transition will be a test.
All the same, it is the immensity of the task, not the obscurity of the man, that should make the world nervous. For all their outward expressions of unity, there are signs of disagreement among Chinese leaders over what the country's priorities should be—both on the economy and on political reform.
The economy is sprinting along by Western standards, but China faces a hard adjustment to wean itself off excessive investment and exports in favour of more reliance on consumption. The communiqué unveiled guidelines for a new five-year economic plan (see article). This calls for a more sustainable pace of growth, with wage-earners getting a bigger share of the national income. This would be good for China and the world, helping to narrow the trade surplus that annoys America so much. But the change will not be painless. Exporters fear business will suffer if wages soar or the yuan rises fast. Powerful state-owned enterprises, used to cheap credit, land and energy, will resist threats to these privileges.
As for political reform, Chinese leaders have talked about democracy for the past 30 years, but done little. Rapid growth and the spread of the internet and mobile phones have enabled Chinese citizens to communicate, vent their grievances and pursue their dreams more freely than before, so long as they do not attack the party. But some are now demanding more say in how the country is run. In the past few weeks China's more liberal newspapers have enthused about calls by the prime minister, Wen Jiabao, for “political reform”. Conservative newspapers have censored them.
There is next to no chance of the cautious Mr Hu bringing in big reforms before they step down. This week's communiqué hailed the “political advantages of China's socialist system” and mentioned political reform only briefly, saying—as Chinese leaders so often do—that it will require “vigorous yet steady” effort. Even Mr Wen, who will step down at the same time as Mr Hu, has wanted to move at glacial speed.
Might Mr Xi speed things up? There is no shortage of conservatives arguing for caution, but there is also a pragmatic argument for change: China's economic gains could be jeopardised by a failure to loosen the party's hold. Explosions of public discontent, fuelled by resentment of government callousness towards ordinary citizens, are becoming increasingly common in villages, towns and cities across the country. The (admittedly patchy) official data show a more than tenfold increase in the annual number of large protests and disturbances since 1993, with more than 90,000 cases reported in each of the past four years. In the past China's leaders have relied on growth to secure social stability. If and when a more serious slowdown strikes, popular grumbles could increase.
The right path for Mr Xi should be clear: relax the party's grip on dissent, lift its shroud of secrecy and make vital economic reforms. But the rest of the world would be unwise to assume that reason will prevail. In times of uncertainty, the regime is wont to appeal to nationalist sentiment. Large anti-Japanese protests erupted during the latest party meeting. America and the West have also been subjected to tongue-lashings. The party meeting called on officials to strengthen “the country's comprehensive national power”.
Too many Westerners, including those urging trade sanctions over the yuan, assume that they are dealing with a self-confident, rational power that has come of age. Think instead of a paranoid, introspective imperial court, already struggling to keep up with its subjects and now embarking on a slightly awkward succession—and you may be less disappointed.
India's endemic problem of harassment and violence against women is a huge and intractable issue, and solutions to it isn't easy. Rallies and protests won't solve it, awareness is just the start, and it will have to be a multi-generational societal change in a country stuck in between generations. That every rational person who abhors these crimes understands.
So in the meantime, what can India do to help stem the tide of bad publicity for the country, especially among foreign tourists coming to the country? This is a serious issue, and has by some estimates seen tourism plunge to the country by as much as 35 percent, though those numbers are disputed.
The solution India's tourism authorities have come up with: a badge, with the slogan “I Respect Women” written on it, to be worn by tourism workers — tour operators, tour guides, taxi and auto drivers, hoteliers and others — in the country. The badges will be in English and other languages, including Korean, Russian, Japanese and Mandarin, and distributed in millions.
The aim, apparently, is to show to the world that not all Indians support crime against women, with the hope that this leads to an image makeover. This badge was launched today at the state ministers tourism conference by India's tourism minister K Chiranjeevi, and 500 of these were distributed and worn by the attendees (the gallery above).
Seriously?
Clearly, the magic badge will have a mind-altering power that changes societal attitudes in an instant. What about the people who aren't wearing badges? Should tourists avoid them, shirk them, or better still, report them to thought police? Beyond the face palm-worthy empty symbolism, if potential travelers yet-to-come-to-India are getting discouraged by all the negative reports about women safety, how will a badge worn in the country help?
This new badge is funded by World Travel & Tourism Council's India branch, which further confounds. WTTC has been a rational and nuanced actor on world stage, helping foster great understanding of travel and tourism's power as a business and economic growth engine. Until this.
This tweet pretty much sums it up:
This should do the trick, I feel safer already! "@livemint: Govt's solution to woman safety:'I respect women' badge http://t.co/slDaJr3xXu" — Judy (@2YIG) July 18, 2013
Related links:
Author Message
webberjames95
Joined: January 18, 2011
Posts: 968
Location: Puyallup, Washington
Snorkelstang FinderJoined: January 18, 2011Posts: 968Location: Puyallup, Washington
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 6:34 pm Post subject: Snorkelstang
Snorkelstang Forum Index
Pages 1 to 6- Much Joking about the Alimighty
Page 7- First Released Pictures of the Snorkelstang
Pages 8 to 39- Great photoshops
Page 40- T- Shirts Released for Sale
Page 45- Rear Axel Found For Snorkelstang
Page 51- Snorkelstang Model Begins
Page 53- Snorkelstang MEMES Created
Page 55- Snorkelstang Once again has 4 Tyres upon its Majestic self
Page 68- Fabing the Rear end
Page 70- Little Cosmetic Fixing on the headlights
Page 74- At Bugapalooza
Page 75 to 85- Trade marking issues
Page 95- Computer Generated restorations
_________________
Olga: the Cal look car lost in the PNW
INSTAGRAM ME: @jwebber95
"The metal werkin/ skilz displaid them rival those if the gratest of metal masters. I stand in aw." Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?Pages 1 to 6- Much Joking about the AlimightyPage 7- First Released Pictures of the SnorkelstangPages 8 to 39- Great photoshopsPage 40- T- Shirts Released for SalePage 45- Rear Axel Found For SnorkelstangPage 51- Snorkelstang Model BeginsPage 53- Snorkelstang MEMES CreatedPage 55- Snorkelstang Once again has 4 Tyres upon its Majestic selfPage 68- Fabing the Rear endPage 70- Little Cosmetic Fixing on the headlightsPage 74- At BugapaloozaPage 75 to 85- Trade marking issuesPage 95- Computer Generated restorations_________________INSTAGRAM ME: @jwebber95"The metal werkin/ skilz displaid them rival those if the gratest of metal masters. I stand in aw."
Last edited by webberjames95 on Sat May 05, 2012 11:53 pm; edited 4 times in total
thebucket
Joined: April 06, 2004
Posts: 3734
Location: Houston Texas
Samba StockbrokerJoined: April 06, 2004Posts: 3734Location: Houston Texas
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 6:50 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
_________________
ITMC-El Presidente
OG 55 bullet 3-fold....
http://www.thesamba.com/vw/forum/viewtopic.php?t=150858&highlight=thebuckets++++fold Page 1....._________________ITMC-El PresidenteOG 55 bullet 3-fold....
Culito
Joined: December 07, 2006
Posts: 5510
Location: Columbia Missourah
11010101Joined: December 07, 2006Posts: 5510Location: Columbia Missourah
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 6:52 pm Post subject: Glenn wrote: I bet it returned to the earth.
Yeah, but there is so much of it that isn't biodegradable...
_________________
Copyright CJ Industries, Inc.
'64 standard
'62 bug
johnnypan wrote: ...dont pay no attention to Culito,he's a cornhole..
Trayle D. the real oggfk
Joined: March 24, 2002
Posts: 1511
Location: Phoenix...... GFK all day every day
Samba FabricatorJoined: March 24, 2002Posts: 1511Location: Phoenix...... GFK all day every day
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 7:53 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
Mythical nothing... The snorklestang lives.
_________________
the original
. . . . . . . GERMAN FOLKS 602
"The Downest, Deepest, & Dopest"
Trayle Duncan
AKA: The Troll that lives under that samba
AKA: The Samba Fabricator
Stay'n sucka free for the 0000000000... Hell, from now on...
Glenn
Joined: December 25, 2001
Posts: 64962
Location: Long Island, New York, USA
Mr. 010Joined: December 25, 2001Posts: 64962Location: Long Island, New York, USA
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 7:55 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
Mythical nothing... The snorklestang lives.
Are you saying that Rich has it and is restoring it to GFK standards?
_________________
Glenn
74 Beetle Specs | 74 Beetle Restoration | 2180cc Engine
"You may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get"
$31,000 raised in 2018, hoping for the same in 2019 Are you saying that Rich has it and is restoring it to GFK standards?_________________ iRide4Sue.org Please Donate to fight Cancer.
Trayle D. the real oggfk
Joined: March 24, 2002
Posts: 1511
Location: Phoenix...... GFK all day every day
Samba FabricatorJoined: March 24, 2002Posts: 1511Location: Phoenix...... GFK all day every day
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 7:56 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang Glenn wrote: Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
Mythical nothing... The snorklestang lives.
Are you saying that Rich has it and is restoring it to GFK standards?
I can neither confirm nor deny that. All I'm saying is it's real.
_________________
the original
. . . . . . . GERMAN FOLKS 602
"The Downest, Deepest, & Dopest"
Trayle Duncan
AKA: The Troll that lives under that samba
AKA: The Samba Fabricator
Stay'n sucka free for the 0000000000... Hell, from now on...
Glenn
Joined: December 25, 2001
Posts: 64962
Location: Long Island, New York, USA
Mr. 010Joined: December 25, 2001Posts: 64962Location: Long Island, New York, USA
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 7:58 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: Glenn wrote: Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
Mythical nothing... The snorklestang lives.
Are you saying that Rich has it and is restoring it to GFK standards?
I can neither confirm nor deny that. All I'm saying is it's real.
OK.. i'm booking airfare for the classic to see it in the flesh.
_________________
Glenn
74 Beetle Specs | 74 Beetle Restoration | 2180cc Engine
"You may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get"
$31,000 raised in 2018, hoping for the same in 2019 OK.. i'm booking airfare for the classic to see it in the flesh._________________ iRide4Sue.org Please Donate to fight Cancer.
Trayle D. the real oggfk
Joined: March 24, 2002
Posts: 1511
Location: Phoenix...... GFK all day every day
Samba FabricatorJoined: March 24, 2002Posts: 1511Location: Phoenix...... GFK all day every day
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:15 pm Post subject: LOL...
_________________
the original
. . . . . . . GERMAN FOLKS 602
"The Downest, Deepest, & Dopest"
Trayle Duncan
AKA: The Troll that lives under that samba
AKA: The Samba Fabricator
Stay'n sucka free for the 0000000000... Hell, from now on...
TENNESSEE
Joined: June 08, 2009
Posts: 500
Location: MEMPHIS,TN
Samba MemberJoined: June 08, 2009Posts: 500Location: MEMPHIS,TN
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:21 pm Post subject:
ALL HAIL SNORKELSTANG.
_________________
(0\!/0) 1966 Beetle - daily driver. anybody knows what year that car is? I'd hope nothing earlier than a '68, but with all the wacky modifications, I really can't tell.ALL HAIL SNORKELSTANG._________________(0\!/0) 1966 Beetle - daily driver.
Last edited by TENNESSEE on Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:47 pm; edited 1 time in total
Rich's 50
Joined: February 18, 2004
Posts: 10659
Location: Beaumont.....GFK's
Samba MemberJoined: February 18, 2004Posts: 10659Location: Beaumont.....GFK's
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:41 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang Glenn wrote: Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: Glenn wrote: Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
Mythical nothing... The snorklestang lives.
Are you saying that Rich has it and is restoring it to GFK standards?
I can neither confirm nor deny that. All I'm saying is it's real.
OK.. i'm booking airfare for the classic to see it in the flesh.
LMAO.....
_________________
FOLK'S THOUGHT YOU KNEW.......... LMAO....._________________FOLK'S THOUGHT YOU KNEW..........
Glenn
Joined: December 25, 2001
Posts: 64962
Location: Long Island, New York, USA
Mr. 010Joined: December 25, 2001Posts: 64962Location: Long Island, New York, USA
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:46 pm Post subject: Re: Snorkelstang Rich's 50 wrote: Glenn wrote: Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: Glenn wrote: Trayle D. the real oggfk wrote: webberjames95 wrote: Thinking about the mythical Snorkelstang, where is it now?
Mythical nothing... The snorklestang lives.
Are you saying that Rich has it and is restoring it to GFK standards?
I can neither confirm nor deny that. All I'm saying is it's real.
OK.. i'm booking airfare for the classic to see it in the flesh.
LMAO..... LMAO.....
If anyone can do it... it would be you.
_________________
Glenn
74 Beetle Specs | 74 Beetle Restoration | 2180cc Engine
"You may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get"
$31,000 raised in 2018, hoping for the same in 2019 If anyone can do it... it would be you._________________ iRide4Sue.org Please Donate to fight Cancer.
MrBreeze
Joined: October 06, 2002
Posts: 5142
Location: Lawn Guyland, Noo Yawk
Samba HitmanJoined: October 06, 2002Posts: 5142Location: Lawn Guyland, Noo Yawk
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:50 pm Post subject: TENNESSEE wrote: anybody knows what year that car is?
2057....it's from the future.
_________________
-=Rob
Fight Diabetes:
WTB: Bay Shore or Queensboro VW Frames
HBB 1984-2009
RW 1943-2011 2057....it's from the future._________________-=RobFight Diabetes: http://www.joslin.harvard.edu/ WTB: Bay Shore or Queensboro VW Frames
PatterBon
Joined: September 27, 2008
Posts: 3304
Location: Fort Carson, Colorado
Samba Engine ConnoisseurJoined: September 27, 2008Posts: 3304Location: Fort Carson, Colorado
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 8:52 pm Post subject: "I dont own this car but it is so mighty it has to be represented. This car was so good looking that it was cut into pieces and spread around the world because it was believed to be too powerful for one man to own. This car was so ferocious it won every class at every show it ever went to. The story of this mythical creature lives on in the several pictures that managed to escape the cover-up of its existence before the massive air scoop was buried in the Atlantic ocean and the rest of the body kit was sent into space."
All hail the mighty Snorklestang
-From another car forum.
_________________
PNW Dub Folk & Kitsap dub Folk (KdF)
1973 Standard VW Beetle
1969 Cessna 172K Airplane
US Army CH-47 Chinook Helicopter Repairer
twinwindows
Joined: December 08, 2000
Posts: 4085
Location: So.Cal. Highland Park GFK!
Samba PimpJoined: December 08, 2000Posts: 4085Location: So.Cal. Highland Park GFK!
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 9:34 pm Post subject:
_________________
CRG
My builds
BAD TEMPER 11
CHRISTINE
GFK LIFER!
i`m going to try to locate it using Google Earth and bring it back to life!_________________GFK LIFER! myzamboni wrote: Yeah, everyone's now doing it GFK style . . . everythinig is covert until the finished product is revealed.
webberjames95
Joined: January 18, 2011
Posts: 968
Location: Puyallup, Washington
Snorkelstang FinderJoined: January 18, 2011Posts: 968Location: Puyallup, Washington
Posted: Sun Feb 12, 2012 11:54 pm Post subject:
_________________
Olga: the Cal look car lost in the PNW
INSTAGRAM ME: @jwebber95
"The metal werkin/ skilz displaid them rival those if the gratest of metal masters. I stand in aw." This is hilarious. But only because the mighty Snorkelstang allows it to be hilarious_________________INSTAGRAM ME: @jwebber95"The metal werkin/ skilz displaid them rival those if the gratest of metal masters. I stand in aw."
LeviMan2001
Joined: April 11, 2009
Posts: 3855
Location: Alaska
Samba Post WhoreJoined: April 11, 2009Posts: 3855Location: Alaska
Posted: Mon Feb 13, 2012 2:37 am Post subject: MrBreeze wrote: TENNESSEE wrote: anybody knows what year that car is?
2057....it's from the future.
Looks late judging by the hood. Or at least 65+ with the size of the door windows.
_________________
- My '73 Super Build. 2332cc, 16" Fuchs Looks late judging by the hood. Or at least 65+ with the size of the door windows._________________ http://www.thesamba.com/vw/forum/viewtopic.php?t=366056 - My '73 Super Build. 2332cc, 16" Fuchs
Dustin B
Joined: March 29, 2007
Posts: 875
Location: hesperia, Ca USA
Samba MemberJoined: March 29, 2007Posts: 875Location: hesperia, Ca USA
Posted: Mon Feb 13, 2012 3:16 am Post subject: LeviMan2001 wrote: MrBreeze wrote: TENNESSEE wrote: anybody knows what year that car is?
2057....it's from the future.
Looks late judging by the hood. Or at least 65+ with the size of the door windows.
If the front turn signals are correct for the car its a fat chick. 68 and up.
_________________
Wanted Victoria motors licence plate frame.
62 og paint L469 type 1
61 og paint L31 DD panel type 2
64 heilite viscount tent trailer
71 sears clamshell trailer
I love 64 to 67 panel buses.
Original paint and patina extravaganza If the front turn signals are correct for the car its a fat chick. 68 and up._________________Wanted Victoria motors licence plate frame.62 og paint L469 type 161 og paint L31 DD panel type 264 heilite viscount tent trailer71 sears clamshell trailerI love 64 to 67 panel buses.Original paint and patina extravaganza http://www.thesamba.com/vw/forum/viewtopic.php?t=187156
Joel
Joined: September 04, 2006
Posts: 11099
Location: NSW Australia
Samba MemberJoined: September 04, 2006Posts: 11099Location: NSW Australia
Posted: Mon Feb 13, 2012 3:41 am Post subject: What gets me is of the thousands of members on here surely someone took a pic or 2 of it at a show back in the day that they could put up.
Cars that ghastly and weird tend to attract lots of photos.
_________________
Quick little bug, you got a Porsche motor in that?
1974 Germanlook 1303 2.5 Suba-Beetle
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slumped on Tuesday after data on the U.S. services sector fell well short of expectations, while a gauge of global equity markets held near a one-year high.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., August 31, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity fell to 51.4, its lowest level since February 2010, from 55.5 the month before and well shy of the 55 estimate. A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity.
Stocks on Wall Street .SPX briefly turned negative in the wake of the data and MSCI's index .MWD00000PUS of world shares pared gains before rebounding to last trade at 424.16, its highest level since Aug 10, 2015.
The dollar .DXY softened considerably, down 1 percent against a basket of major currencies, with the greenback on track for its biggest drop since late July.
The services sector report diminished expectations for a rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve in September, with the odds of a rate hike this month now at 18 percent, versus 21 percent on in the prior session, according to CME's FedWatch tool. Expectations for December have also decreased to just above 50 percent.
Comments from several Fed officials in recent weeks had increased the probability for a rate hike this year, but expectations have declined since Friday's weaker-than-anticipated U.S. payrolls report.
The Fed is “not getting support from data for a rate increase, and so we're seeing the market creep a little higher today,” said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 46.37 points, or 0.25 percent, to 18,538.33, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 6.5 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,186.48 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 26.01 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,275.91.
Stocks in Europe also pulled back after the data, with the FTSEurofirst 300 .FTEU3 closing down 0.4 percent, although MSCI's index of world shares was last up 0.7 percent.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yields US10YT=RR sunk to a two-week low of 1.534, and were last yielding 1.5425 percent, up 16/32 in price.
The disappointing data helped lift spot gold XAU= more nearly 2 percent to $1,349.01 an ounce, after touching a high $1,351.84.60 an ounce, its highest level since Aug. 19.
But despite the weaker dollar and low expectations for a rate hike this month, oil prices were mixed in volatile trade. Brent LCOc1 settled down 0.8 percent at $47.26 while U.S. crude CLc1 settled up 0.9 percent $44.83 as hopes for quick action by producers to tackle a global supply glut faded.
Oil prices had jumped earlier after Saudi Arabia and Russia agreed on Monday to cooperate in world oil markets, saying they will not act immediately but could limit output in the future.
Controversial title klaxon! But before you mash that keyboard in anger, read on and prepare yourself to embrace our PC gaming way of life, because, with Sony and Microsoft essentially halving the console upgrade cycle from ~7 years to 3 years, it essentially concedes that regular updates to bump core hardware performance are required to get the best gaming experience; something PC builders and gamers have embraced since.. forever!
See what I mean.
Does it really cost that much more?
While you may enjoy the security of a pre-defined platform, begin to understand that PC Gaming is more affordable than ever and the latest generation of graphics cards cements 1080p60 gaming at even baseline levels. OK, you'd have to be an extremely savvy shopper to pick up all new bits for the same price as a PS4 Pro, but you also won't have to pay a fee per month – bar the common ISP fee - to your PC maker just to get online gaming.
Do you need a PC anyway?
While smartphones are increasingly the choice of internet surfing, chances are though that you'll need a PC of something creative though, whether it's work, email, video, music, photography or, whatever. Smartphones still suck at multitasking versus a big monitor. In that case, PCs are siloed for single use, gaming is just one function among many.
How often do you upgrade your phone?
Speaking of smartphones, as people have got used to spending a few-to-several hundred dollars on a new smartphone every 18-24 months – for the best experience - every 36 you'll be buying a new console – for the best experience. It's the new normal.
PC upgrade cycles largely depend on the component; power supplies do last several upgrades, but essential performance limiters like graphics cards will be swapped as often as every next or other generation. For example, the most popular graphics card during the last six months was the Nvidia GTX 970: at the time the latest generation product.
Raw GPU performance isn't that much in 2016.
When we compare raw TFLOP performance of the graphics core, the PS4 Pro GPU is over twice as powerful as the PS4, however it's still a 17% performance deficit to the RX 470 – a $200 graphics card. And for under $275 you'll get a 37% jump with an RX 480. Either way, you get to make that choice!
PS4: 1.84
RX 460: 2.2
PS4 Pro: 4.2
RX 470: 4.9
RX 480: 5.8
Those are 4GB cards versus 8GB in consoles, but for 1080p60 it's all you need and it doesn't have to share system memory. Buying the rest of the PC doesn't cost that much more, and while you won't find an octa-core as per consoles, arguably a significantly faster clocked dual-plus-HyperThreading or quad core will be equally suitable for the task. And that's even before we get to see AMD's Zen offerings in 2017.
And there's so much more choice of hardware...
In terms of PC features you get the chance to use a blazing fast SSD (or several in RAID), rather than the mechanical options that are exclusively used on console, as well as GSync/FreeSync monitor benefits which are completely unavailable in the HDTV market, mechanical keyboards, hundreds of mice shapes and sizes to choose from. Simply so much flexibility. And if you must, you can still get a wireless PlayStation and Xbox controller for your PC too.
...and software.
With Steam, UPlay, Origin, Windows Store, GOG, Amazon, Humble and many more, you've got a huge wealth of online services that over the single store console owners have, and the sales and discounts that the open market brings with it. Meanwhile Microsoft and Sony are actively embracing the PC ecosystem with Xbox/Windows 10 crossover in Play Anywhere and PlayStation Now respectively.
30 years of backward compatibility as standard
Want to play an old game? Go ahead! PC has excellent backwards compatibility to practically any game made in the last ~30 years. OK it may take a bit of work sometimes, but I can still play the original X-COM series or Myst or DOOM, all made in the 90s.
Exclusives are actually for PC gamers. And eSports drives it.
In addition, where the console makers fight each other for exclusives, they'll regularly end up on PC as well or if they haven't yet the tide of change is flowing towards it. Meanwhile blockbuster titles like Civilization VI are PC only, as is basically all of eSports. Speaking of eSports, in the US, ESPN says League of Legends draws bigger crowds than the Masters Final round and the NBA Finals, and overall draws a million more people (79 vs 78M) than sports viewership in total!
VR? Yep, which one do you want?
Fancy PlayStation VR? Well, PC gamers have had that for months: pick up a Vive or Oculus, with more choices, second generation improvements and lower prices hitting stores in 2017.
Updates were a fuss, but no longer.
The application of game updates that used to be a chore has been streamlined and automated, as have driver updates with GeForce Experience and AMD Radeon Crimson Software and to its credit, Windows update for things like Intel or sound drivers. Occasionally you can nip back to ASUS.com (or your manufacturer of choice) to check for software updates but it's not required.
Stressful to build? How about a gaming laptop then.
Admittedly building a PC can be stressful, so go buy a gaming notebook instead. The latest 10th generation Nvidia GPUs are now practically on-par with desktop GPUs so you can buy a capable thin-and light 15-inch STRIX, or 17-inch desktop replacement ROG, or even add a graphics card via external Thunderbolt 3 dock these days.
Or check out a tutorial, or forum!
Back to building your own: there are plenty of online video tutorials or forums (including here!), Reddit, Facebook groups if you're starting out. Once you get past the stress of the unknown it's really fun to do it yourself. Then the bug will bite you and you'll want to reorg the cables to satisfy your OC, upgrade the memory, ooh look at that discount on an ROG Sica…! Ahh I want an MG279Q 144Hz FreeSync monitor. Ooh a Steam sale is coming soon…
During last night's ITV debate Nigel Farage claimed that we would have to build a home every four minutes, night and day in order to house new migrants and their families.
On the ITV Ten O'Clock News that followed, Allegra Stratton, the Political Editor challenged Mr Farage's figures, and said that the correct figure was in fact a home every six or seven minutes.
Ms Stratton was no doubt basing their calculation on the ONS Principal Population Projections which forecast that net migration will continue at 185,000 a year. With average UK household size at 2.3 this would mean that an additional 80,400 homes would be needed a year for new migrants, or 220 a day, or one every six and a half minutes. Hence Ms Stratton's claim that a new home would need to be built every six or seven minutes.
However, net migration is currently running at a third of a million, some 40% higher. If we take a cautious estimate that net migration will continue at 310,000 a year then we will need to build 135,000 new homes each year to cope with new migrants and their families. This is 370 per day or one every four minutes.
There is very little to suggest that net migration will fall by 40% in the near future, certainly not if we remain a member of the EU. Therefore in discussing the implications of present levels of immigration it is more appropriate to look at what is happening, rather than what could happen if there was a fall, which seems unlikely.
German parliament agrees to massive expansion of digital surveillance
By Sven Heymann
27 June 2017
Last week, by a large majority, the Bundestag (federal parliament) agreed to a massive expansion of digital surveillance. The state will be given the power to deploy “trojans,” computer code that can bypass a user's security and implement remote online searches of a person's devices. The decision effectively eliminates the possibility of secure digital communications in Germany.
The Bundestag passed the necessary amendments to the Criminal Code with the votes of the grand coalition of the Christian Democratic Union/Christian Social Union (CDU/CSU) and the Social Democratic Party (SPD), while the Left Party and Greens voted against. At the end of the state interior ministers conference last week, federal Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière (CDU) had announced that the government would create the legal basis for these powers during this legislative period, and thus before the parliamentary summer break.
Through the introduction of “state trojans” and remote online searches, a devastating attack on fundamental democratic rights is being carried out under the pretext of fighting terrorism. The Süddeutsche Zeitung described the draft bill as “one of the most far-reaching surveillance laws in the history of the Federal Republic.” And Reporters Without Borders warned that the new law “means that there is no longer any digital means of communication in Germany that protects journalists from being monitored.” In fact, the law prepares the ground for the total monitoring of the population.
The introduction of state trojans (source telecommunication monitoring) is mainly intended to make encrypted communication available to the security authorities in plain text. To this end, a trojan is secretly planted on the target's device--for example, on the user's PC, smartphone or tablet. Unnoticed by the user, these trojans can capture all communications on the device, even in real time. This includes communications sent via a messenger app or e-mail with end-to-end encryption, as the trojan reads the message directly on the device before it is encrypted. Supposedly more-secure programmes or apps like Signal, Telegram or Gnu-PGP are not hacked, but are simply bypassed by the trojan.
So-called online remote searches make it possible for the investigating authorities to read the entire hard disk on a target computer via the Internet. In contrast to a physical house search, the persons concerned are unaware that this measure is being used and cannot legally defend themselves accordingly.
The two measures are accompanied by a massive expansion of the offences to which they can be applied. While previously the surveillance of suspects was limited to a few serious crimes, it is now also applicable to numerous other offences, such as corruption, robbery, extortion, fraud, organised gangs, tax evasion and counterfeiting. Even the suspicion of the “misuse of an asylum application” can become the occasion for complete digital monitoring in future.
To prevent open resistance developing in the population before the law was passed, the coalition parties have used a perfidious trick. They did not introduce the law into the normal legislative process as a separate bill, which takes several months and requires readings in the Bundestag and a submission to the Bundesrat (second chamber of parliament). Instead, they steamrolled it through by including the new regulations in a law to amend the criminal code. This approach allows the grand coalition to pass the law before the summer break, without the Bundesrat having to pass it again.
The two opposition parties, the Left Party and the Greens, have also contributed significantly to this fraud. While their parliamentary deputies all opposed the law in the debate, they advocate the same political course of increasing state powers as the CDU/CSU and SPD.
In the debate, Hans-Christian Ströbele (Greens) warned against completely unrestrained surveillance, because a judge who orders the use of a state trojan could not properly check whether a time-limited measure had actually been ended. Ströbele assumes the law will eventually fail at the Supreme Court.
Left Party deputy Jörn Wunderlich said this was one of the “most invasive surveillance laws of the past few years,” going even further than the “big eavesdropping attack.”
If the Greens and the Left Party are now hypocritically expressing criticism of excessive surveillance, they are doing so mainly for two reasons. On the one hand, they are trying to give the impression that there is still an opposition within parliament against unrestrained surveillance. On the other, they are trying to conceal their own role in the increasing powers that have been granted to the state. When they were part of the federal government, the Greens had already passed the most stringent security laws under Interior Minister Otto Schily (SPD).
The complaints by the speakers of both parties, that they had been steamrolled by the legislative procedure and had no real means of preventing the adoption of the law, are simply lies. Unlike the public, which was left completely in the dark, both parties were involved from the start of the proceedings. Representatives of both the Greens and Left Party can be found in the Bundestag legislative committee, which agreed on the introduction of state trojans and remote online searches in the new law.
In contrast to previous tightening-up of security laws, where there were sometimes months and even years of disputes between the parties, as well as public protests and demonstrations, this time, all the Bundestag parties tried until the very last to prevent any public outcry. They all ensured the far-reaching decisions were agreed on without any obstacles at the state interior ministers conference, because they all sit in various state governments where they agree to tightening up the security laws.
For example, the SPD, the Greens and the Left Party had only just adopted a joint security package in January, which includes the expansion of public CCTV surveillance and will devour €27 million this year alone. In preparation for a possible joint coalition at federal level after the Bundestag elections in September, the weeks of silence of the Greens and the Left Party before this week's debate was to signal, above all, that they are ready to help impose further attacks on democratic rights.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
As I noted recently, Massimo Pigliucci has left their Rationally Speaking website to found a new one: Scientia Salon, which will, it seems, host a greater diversity of authors.
Alan Sokal has put up a new post (actually part 2 of 3) at Scientia Salon ; the title of the tripartite essay is “What is science and why should we care?”, and you can find part 1 here. Part 3, which was published yesterday, is here (I don't yet know the permalink).
You will remember Sokal as the physics professor who perpetrated the greatest scientific spoof of our time, the famous “Sokal Hoax,” in which they submitted a bogus, postmoderny article to the pomo journal Social Text, and got it accepted and published. It's a really funny spoof, using real quotes from postmodern science-distorters, and is indistiguishable from most of the pomo science criticism that was pervasive then from people like Judith Butler and Stanley Aronowith. The title of Sokals piece was “Transgressing the Boundaries: Towards a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Gravity“, and if you haven't seen the article, the link takes you to it. If you were too young to know about this hoax, do at least look over the “Hermeneutics” piece, which has howlers like this:
But deep conceptual shifts within twentieth-century science have undermined this Cartesian-Newtonian metaphysics1; revisionist studies in the history and philosophy of science have cast further doubt on its credibility; and, most recently, feminist and poststructuralist critiques have demystified the substantive content of mainstream Western scientific practice, revealing the ideology of domination concealed behind the façade of “objectivity”. It has thus become increasingly apparent that physical “reality”, no less than social “reality”, is at bottom a social and linguistic construct; that scientific “knowledge”, far from being objective, reflects and encodes the dominant ideologies and power relations of the culture that produced it; that the truth claims of science are inherently theory-laden and self-referential; and consequently, that the discourse of the scientific community, for all its undeniable value, cannot assert a privileged epistemological status with respect to counter-hegemonic narratives emanating from dissident or marginalized communities.
That piece was a terrific embarrassment to the editors of Social Text, particularly to the prolix and overrated editor Stanley Fish, who accepted it without any scientific review (if a physicist had looked at that article for about two minutes, it would have been outed as a fraud). As it was, Sokal later revealed the hoax in the journal Lingua Franca. The Social Text editors counterattacked, saying they thought the article was real (indeed, which shows what tripe can pass for academic discourse among pomo “scholars”), and that Sokal had behaved unethically. But their defenses weren't convincing, and I think Sokal's hoax was partly responsible for the slow disappearance of postmodernism (and its claim that science doesn't provide objective truth) from the humanities departments of American universities.
But that's background. If you're familiar with Sokal's work, including their book with Jean Bricmont, Fashionable Nonsense: Postmodern Intellectuals' Abuse of Science, you'll know much of what they say in their new three-part essay. They deal with the nature of science (Sokal conceives of it, as do I, as a toolkit for studying the empirical realities of nature, but adds that it's also the accumulation of facts gathered by those tools), and with the abuse of science by “other ways of knowing,” including pseudoscience and religion.
I don't think Massimo will be down with everything that Sokal has to say, for Sokal conceives of “science” broadly, including—gasp!—plumbing: in other words, every discipline that uses reason and empirical study to find out truths about the cosmos. To Sokal, as to me, every “way of knowing” that tells us something about nature's reality comes from the application of the tools of science.
Massimo doesn't like “science” to cover such a broad spectrum of disciplines, preferring to use the word “scientia” instead. But that's just a semantic squabble.
Here is a good quote on that from part I of Sokal's essay (my emphasis):
Thus, by science I mean, first of all, a worldview giving primacy to reason and observation and a methodology aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of the natural and social world. This methodology is characterized, above all else, by the critical spirit: namely, the commitment to the incessant testing of assertions through observations and/or experiments — the more stringent the tests, the better — and to revising or discarding those theories that fail the test. One corollary of the critical spirit is fallibilism: namely, the understanding that all our empirical knowledge is tentative, incomplete and open to revision in the light of new evidence or cogent new arguments (though, of course, the most well-established aspects of scientific knowledge are unlikely to be discarded entirely). . . . I stress that my use of the term “science” is not limited to the natural sciences, but includes investigations aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of factual matters relating to any aspect of the world by using rational empirical methods analogous to those employed in the natural sciences. (Please note the limitation to questions of fact. I intentionally exclude from my purview questions of ethics, aesthetics, ultimate purpose, and so forth.) Thus, “science” (as I use the term) is routinely practiced not only by physicists, chemists and biologists, but also by historians, detectives, plumbers and indeed all human beings in (some aspects of) our daily lives. (Of course, the fact that we all practice science from time to time does not mean that we all practice it equally well, or that we practice it equally well in all areas of our lives.)
Massimo gets really exercised when plumbers are said to use science, and has criticised me several times for that analogy. So be it.
But I'm glad to see Alan on my side here, because what's important is not how we precisely demarcate the boundaries of science to distinguish it from what is done by, say, historians or plumbrs, but that one demarcate science from pseudoscience and non-science, which have a different (and ineffective) toolkit for finding truth. Of course, people like David Bentley Hart (I'm still reading him) will claim that religion isn't in the business of making empirical claims, or at least that Hart isn't: he's just telling us how God is conceived of by Sophisticated Theologians™, so that atheists can know what they're attacking. (Let me add that Hart's God contrary to their claims, does not completely comport with all the attributes of God adumbrated by either Church fathers or “regular believers,” and so it does no work towards helping us to understand the real, empirical claims of modern faith. Hart's God, for example, is at odds with the God of Catholicism, and with many of its practices that are justified by the will of their God. Hart's God is their alone, stripped of all the accoutrements added by the historical theologians they cite, and one suspects Hart defines this apophatic God precisely to immunize it from empirical scrutiny.)
But I digress. In part II of their essay, Sokal distinguishes religion from science, showing how they're incompatible. I'll quote in extenso, but there's a lot more, so go read the essay. It'll take about an hour. I've put one paragraph in bold.
And so, if I were tactically minded, I would stress — as most scientists do — that science and religion need not come into conflict. I might even go on to argue, following Stephen Jay Gould, that science and religion should be understood as “nonoverlapping magisteria”: science dealing with questions of fact, religion dealing with questions of ethics and meaning. But I can't in good conscience proceed in this way, for the simple reason that I don't think the arguments stand up to careful logical examination. Why do I say that? For the details, I have to refer you to a 75-page chapter in my book [16]; but let me at least try to sketch now the main reasons why I think that science and religion are fundamentally incompatible ways of looking at the world. . . . Each religion makes scores of purportedly factual assertions about everything from the creation of the universe to the afterlife. But on what grounds can believers presume to know that these assertions are true? The reasons they give are various, but the ultimate justification for most religious people's beliefs is a simple one: we believe what we believe because our holy scriptures say so. But how, then, do we know that our holy scriptures are factually accurate? Because the scriptures themselves say so. Theologians specialize in weaving elaborate webs of verbiage to avoid saying anything quite so bluntly, but this gem of circular reasoning really is the epistemological bottom line on which all “faith” is grounded. In the words of Pope John Paul II: “By the authority of their absolute transcendence, God who makes themselves known is also the source of the credibility of what they reveal.” [17] It goes without saying that this begs the question of whether the texts at issue really were authored or inspired by God, and on what grounds one knows this. “Faith” is not in fact a rejection of reason, but simply a lazy acceptance of bad reasons. “Faith” is the pseudo-justification that some people trot out when they want to make claims without the necessary evidence. But of course we never apply these lax standards of evidence to the claims made in the other fellow's holy scriptures: when it comes to religions other than one's own, religious people are as rational as everyone else. Only our own religion, whatever it may be, seems to merit some special dispensation from the general standards of evidence. [JAC: Note that this is similar to John Loftus's well known “Outsider Test for Faith.”] And here, it seems to me, is the crux of the conflict between religion and science. Not the religious rejection of specific scientific theories (be it heliocentrism in the 17th century or evolutionary biology today); over time most religions do find some way to make peace with well-established science. Rather, the scientific worldview and the religious worldview come into conflict over a far more fundamental question: namely, what constitutes evidence. Science relies on publicly reproducible sense experience (that is, experiments and observations) combined with rational reflection on those empirical observations. Religious people acknowledge the validity of that method, but then claim to be in the possession of additional methods for obtaining reliable knowledge of factual matters — methods that go beyond the mere assessment of empirical evidence — such as intuition, revelation, or the reliance on sacred texts. But the trouble is this: What good reason do we have to believe that such methods work, in the sense of steering us systematically (even if not invariably) towards true beliefs rather than towards false ones? At least in the domains where we have been able to test these methods — astronomy, geology and history, for instance — they have not proven terribly reliable. Why should we expect them to work any better when we apply them to problems that are even more difficult, such as the fundamental nature of the universe? Last but not least, these non-empirical methods suffer from an insuperable logical problem: What should we do when different people's intuitions or revelations conflict? How can we know which of the many purportedly sacred texts — whose assertions frequently contradict one another — are in fact sacred?
As John Shaft would say, “Right on.”
h/t: coel
Beecher's Flagship is an American award winning cheese handmade at the Pike Place market in Seattle. The semi-hard cow's milk cheese is left to cave age for at least 15 months to develop a uniquely robust, nutty flavour and distinctive crumble.
Flagship Reserve is a special version, which uses only last curds of the milk when its composition is just right. It is richer in taste & texture with a clean and creamy finish. In addition, the wheels are bandaged in cheesecloth and open-aged for over a year to allow optimum moisture loss during aging, focusing on the rich flavour with a long finish.
Beecher's Flagship is an artisanal cheese that is served best on a cheese plate. Crumble into an omelette or frittata or add to make your favourite Mac & Cheese.
Yule Käse is a unique version of Flagship Reserve cheese. The cheese is clothbound and aged for 13 months in open-air. In addtion, it is further aged in red wine and blackberry honey that gives nutty and caramel flavour with hints of honey and berries.
Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum, whose strong base of evangelical Christian supporters has thrust them into contention in Iowa, said on Monday that they believe states should have the right to outlaw birth control and sodomy without the interference of the Supreme Court.
In an interview with Jake Tapper on ABC News, Santorum reiterated their opposition to the Supreme Court's 1965 ruling that prevented Connecticut from banning contraception.
“The state has a right to do that, I have never questioned that the state has a right to do that," they said. "It is not a constitutional right. The state has the right to pass whatever statutes they have. That's the thing I have said about the activism of the Supreme Court--they are creating rights, and it should be left up to the people to decide."
Santorum said they also oppose the Supreme Court's 2003 Lawrence v. Texas decision striking down a ban on sodomy in Texas and 13 other states. Even though they would not personally vote for a ban on sodomy, they said, they think states should legally be able to pass them, because sodomy is not a constitutionally protected right.
"I thought that law was an improper law ... but that doesn't mean the state doesn't have a right to do that," they said.
Disdain for the Supreme Court is becoming a common thread among the GOP candidates. Rick Perry once slammed the Lawrence decision, describing it as the work of "nine oligarchs in robes," although they forgot what the case was about when a reporter asked them about it in Iowa last week. Newt Gingrich recently said they would ignore Supreme Court rulings they dislike and impeach those judges that make what they believe are "anti-American decisions." Ron Paul has said they would leave many issues to the states, including abortion, same-sex marriage and religion, and frontrunner Mitt Romney agrees that states should have the right to ban abortion.
The political impact of allowing state legislatures to make decisions on social issues such as birth control, abortion and sex acts could be massive. In 2011 alone, state GOP lawmakers introduced 600 bills restricting abortion and passed a record 91 of those bills, and five states placed new restrictions on access to birth control and family planning. The 24 states that passed abortion restrictions stopped short of banning abortion entirely, only because they would face lengthy court battles if they passed bills that fly in the face of Supreme Court precedents preventing states from placing an "undue burden" on a woman's ability to seek an abortion.
For instance, the courts blocked Kansas from passing a law that would have shut down all three abortion clinics in the state, and prevented Nevada from putting a fetal personhood measure on the state ballot that would have banned abortion and certain kinds of birth control. Judges in three states -- Indiana, North Carolina and Kansas -- blocked the enforcement of laws defunding Planned Parenthood this year, unanimously ruling that state governments may not punish a particular health provider for offering abortion services.
The courts will be powerless to block those kinds of laws from going into effect if the GOP candidates have their way, and states would have the power to ban abortion, sodomy, birth control, gay marriage and whatever else a majority of state lawmakers morally oppose. Women and same-sex couples in socially conservative states would be out of luck.
But Santorum says if people have a problem with the laws in their state, they can just take their frustration to the voting booth.
The Miami Heat believe in building through free agency and player development, relying on south Florida's views, weather and tax structure plus a disciplined and deep-rooted organizational support system to drive them.
It has been wonderfully successful the past two decades with Pat Riley and their top lieutenant Andy Elisburg making moves, and Erik Spoelstra coaching up the players. But these past few years the free-agent part has hit a roadblock and, combined with injuries, the Heat have suddenly found themselves in the unsavory middle.
Wednesday was great for Dion Waiters, a day they have been working toward their whole life, when they finally cashed in on a big contract. It's four years and about $52 million according to multiple reports, including ESPN. Congrats to them -- they earned it by showing out on a small one-year deal with the Heat last season after being abandoned by both the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder the previous two years.
Actually, it's a pretty good deal for Miami. If Waiters continues to play at the level they did last season -- and several teams had interest in them so the Heat aren't alone in seeing it that way -- the $13 million per season tag might end up looking good.
Plus Waiters proved to be a nice backcourt mate with Goran Dragic because of their spot-up shooting success and their willingness to attack the basket, refreshing Dwyane Wade comparisons Waiters has been getting since they were at Syracuse. They were an engine in Miami's 30-11 record in the second half of last season that has the team believing it will return to the playoffs in 2018.
But honestly for the Heat, this isn't the greatest news. They're officially on a free-agency losing streak. They lost out on LeBron James in 2014, Kevin Durant and Wade in 2016 and now Gordon Hayward in 2017. They'd hoped to pitch some other guys this summer, namely Russell Westbrook and Blake Griffin, but they never got the chance. And they need such a player to both take them to the next level and be a drawing card for the second star championship-level teams must have.
This summer's miss is particularly hurtful as the Heat look forward. Last year they signed Hassan Whiteside to a $100 million deal and they matched the odd offer sheet to Tyler Johnson. Between this season and next, Johnson's contract balloons by $13 million to a $19 million number. With Whiteside, Dragic and now Waiters, it's a lot of money for a team that isn't a contender, really.
Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE via Getty Images
Soon they might lock up James Johnson, another journeyman the Heat polished into a desired player, and encumber their cap space even further. And for the time being, it means they'd have spent the bulk of their cap space this summer and haven't added any new talent. They are also out two first-round picks coming up, the charge for the Dragic trade in 2015.
The injury and subsequent departure of Chris Bosh is a super-cruel blow that has really dramatically harmed the Heat. In fact, that they've even been as competitive as they have over the past two seasons is honorable and a compliment to Spoelstra and Riley, who has hunted the market for passed-over players like Whiteside, Waiters, Johnson and Wayne Ellington to name a few.
But there isn't a Tim Hardaway, Alonzo Mourning, Shaquille O'Neal, James, Wade or Bosh on the roster. There might not even be a Lamar Odom, the signing Riley made in 2003 that eventually enabled them to trade for Shaq. That is the type of move the Heat really need and why Hayward would've been great for them, even if it cost them Waiters.
Next summer might be the best free-agent class since 2010 that might include Paul George, DeMarcus Cousins, Isaiah Thomas, James, Westbrook and even perhaps Durant again. The Heat, at the moment, won't be in the game.
Editor's Picks NBA free agency Day 5: Did Heat overpay for Dion Waiters? Kevin Pelton provides team-by-team analysis of every major and minor deal from Day 5. First up: The champs bring in more firepower.
Maybe Riley's magic is wearing off in an era where player recruitment is more important than executive recruitment. Maybe that was even the case in 2010, for as much credit as Riley gets for that coup of the century, Wade was their salesperson. Wade couldn't be their wingman last summer; they were waiting on the runway as Riley prioritized Whiteside and Durant ahead of him. Whiteside can tweet emojis and videos with music artists all they want, but the roster drawing card just isn't there right now.
It is possible the Heat could use these assembled pieces to eventually make a trade for a star as the New Orleans Pelicans, Minnesota Timberwolves and Thunder did recently. That's a legitimate reason for locking up these players to use later.
They will also continue to run their development machine and the success of Waiters and Johnson probably will get them cheap chances on the "veterans in the middle of their careers that need a jump-start" category.
But what they really need is a superstar -- that's what Riley schemes about as they watch sunsets in Malibu every summer. And yet again this year, the offseason looks to be coming to an end without them getting one.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
Working Papers (Old Series)
Independent within—not of—Government: The Emergence of the Federal Reserve as a Modern Central Bank
Abstract Independence is the hallmark of modern central banks, but independence is a mutable and fragile concept, because the governments to whom central banks are ultimately responsible can have objectives that take precedence over price stability. This paper traces the Federal Reserve's emergence as a modern central bank beginning with its abandonment of monetary policy for debt-management operations during the Second World War and through the controversies that led to the Treasury-Federal Reserve accord in 1951. The accord, however, did not end the Federal Reserve's search for independence. After the accord, the Federal Reserve's view of responsibilities "within" government led it to policies—even keel and foreign exchange operations—that complicated the System's ability to conduct monetary policy.
Cite this item
Owen F. Humpage, Independent within—not of—Government: The Emergence of the Federal Reserve as a Modern Central Bank, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Working Papers (Old Series) 1402 , .
E4 - Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics - - Money and Interest Rates
- Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics - - Money and Interest Rates E5 - Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics - - Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit
- Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics - - Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit E6 - Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics - - Macroeconomic Policy, Macroeconomic Aspects of Public Finance, and General Outlook
- Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics - - Macroeconomic Policy, Macroeconomic Aspects of Public Finance, and General Outlook N1 - Economic History - - Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics; Industrial Structure; Growth; Fluctuations JEL Classification:
Subject headings:
Keywords: Second World War; U.S. Treasury-Federal Reserve Accord; Even Keel
RePEc:fip:fedcwp:1402 is also listed on This item with handleis also listed on EconPapers and IDEAS
For corrections, contact 4D Library ( )
Free Coffee for Stone Creek's 25th Anniversary
11/28/2018
By:
We're celebrating our 25th anniversary by sharing a cup of coffee with our community. Stop into any cafe of December 3rd, 2018 to get a free 12oz coffee (or $2.25 off the coffee or espresso-based beverage of your choice)! 11/28/2018By: Drew Pond
Project EAT at The Get Downer
4/9/2018
By:
The next step in that journey brings us to our cafe build-out on Downer Avenue and a new venture we're calling: Project EAT. Both are set to kick-off on Friday, May 25th at 2650 N Downer Ave on Milwaukee's East Side. 4/9/2018By: Drew Pond
Collaboration Alert - Third Space Brewery
3/7/2018
By:
The renowned Coffee Cream Ale known as "Java Blanca" is back in Milwaukee thanks to our friends at Third Space Brewing. 3/7/2018By: Drew Pond
THE BARISTA LIFE w/ Cate Ferrer
2/25/2018
By:
No one can better describe what is to be a barista then someone who walks that walk and tamps the tamp every day. 2/25/2018By: Drew Pond
We're Growing! Come Join Us!
8/4/2017
By:
We're growing! Come find out how you can grow with us! We are hosting an external open interview on Saturday, August 12th. This is a great chance to learn more about Stone Creek Coffee and the opportunities to grow with the company. 8/4/2017By: Melissa Perez
A frame grab from a video posted on YouTube on July 10 shows Gavin Eugene Long speaking as their online persona Cosmo Setepenra. (YouTube)
The Washitaw Nation, the sovereign-citizenry group that Gavin Long declared themselves a member of, was founded decades ago by a black Louisiana woman named Verdiacee Turner, who called themselves Empress Verdiacee “Tiari” Washitaw-Turner Goston El-Bey. Its core tenet is that followers are descendants of the “Ancient Ones,” or “black ones," who occupied the North American continent tens of thousands of years before white Europeans.
Turner, now deceased, developed an entire mythology around the idea that land sold by France to the United States in 1803 in the Louisiana Purchase was fraudulently obtained and actually belonged to them In doing so, they fall into a long line of sovereign citizenry gurus who peddle fantastic realities and myths, said Ryan Lenz, a senior writer at the Southern Poverty Law Center's Intelligence Project.
The Washitaw group, which is made up of African Americans, is part of a larger movement of sovereign citizens in America — a phenomenon that has risen with the economic downturn and the influence of the Internet. Generally, they believe they are above all city, state and federal government laws. They dismiss governments as operating illegally, and they do not believe they have to pay taxes or respect law enforcement officials.
The Sunday Times, owned by the open borders funder Rupert Murdoch, have today published an extraordinary claim that Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher would campaign to stay in today's European Union – a fact that is easily dismissed with even a cursory glance into the most recent statements by the late PM.
The Times – which has recently come under fire for allegedly breaching an impartiality promise by Mr. Murdoch themselves – splashed on its front page this morning: “Thatcher ‘would vote yes to EU'”, publishing a claim made by one-time Thatcher advisor Lord Powell, who went on to become former Prime Minister Tony Blair's special envoy in to Brunei.
The Sunday Times claim (£): “She would have gone along with what is on offer, indeed negotiated something similar herself.”
While Prime Minister Thatcher was originally a well-publicised advocate of the European Common Market, Lord Powell's claims belie Lady Thatcher's assertions in later life, specifically what they wrote in their book Statecraft from 2003 which was summarised in abstract as stating: “..in this book Thatcher… [argues] in essence that Europe is always to be distrusted because it is full of Europeans and in their lifetime Europeans have always caused trouble.”
Indeed their book was serialised in the Times itself, which quoted them as having written: “It is frequently said to be unthinkable that Britain should leave the European Union. But the avoidance of thought about this is a poor substitute for judgment.”
They added, as you may well hear UKIP's Nigel Farage often remark: “the blunt truth is that the rest of the European Union needs us more than we need them”.
A review in the Daily Mail in 2002 stated: “Lady Thatcher warns of an apparently unstoppable drive towards a European superstate and calls on the U.S. to save the Continent from itself.”
They wrote: “It remains for the non-European world, above all America, to try to reduce the harm the new Europe is set to do – and then when the folly falls, as through lack of common interests it finally will, to help pick up the bits.”
Them comments were rounded off in 2013 by their official biographer, Charles Moore, who revealed that “Lady Thatcher had come to the view that Britain should leave the European Union,” adding: “advisers had persuaded them that they should not say this in public since it would have allowed their opponents to drive them to the fringes of public life”.
In the book, they lauded former Tory Minister Enoch Powell, saying that they were right to warn in the 70s that joining what was then deemed the European Common Market “involved an unacceptable loss of national sovereignty”.
So how could Mr. Murdoch's paper benefit from making such a sensational and demonstrably false claim on its front page this weekend? Perhaps the same as its sister paper, the Wall Street Journal, when it urged in 1984: “If Washington still wants to ‘do something' about immigration, we propose a five-word constitutional amendment: There shall be open borders.”
The same paper just last month lashed out at U.S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump and U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions for opposing such plans.
And is it a coincidence that banking behemoths Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan have handed over six figure sums to the ‘Stronger In' campaign not long after the same banking giants joined with Mr. Murdoch's “Partnership for a New American Economy” organisation which urges open borders and lobbies for the Trans-Pacific Partnership: effectively a European Commission for Asia-Pacific and the United States?
One thing is becoming increasingly clear. During this referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, the establishment will pull out all the stops to try and convince Britons to vote to remain in an expansionist, European superstate with no borders. The best defence is to share the facts.
March 6, 2013 -- Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal -- Venezuela's revolutionary leader Hugo Chavez has died. The Venezuelan people will face the enormous challenge of continuing their socialist revolution without unifying and mobilising figure of Chavez, who has been at the forefront of deepening and extending its radical course.
Green Left Weekly's Ryan Mallett-Outtrim, reported from Venezuela:
Venezuelan media today announced that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has died. At approximately 5.30pm local time on March 5, Vice-President Nicolas Maduro addressed the nation, stating that after nearly three months of treatment in Cuba and Venezuela, Chavez passed away in the Dr. Carlos Arvelo military hospital in Caracas. “Those who die for life, can't be called dead”, they stated, after announcing that the president has lost their two year battle with cancer. Hugo Chavez, who was 58-years-old, was re-elected president in October 2012 (for the fifth time since 1998) on a platform of deepening the popuar and democratic socialist revolution their government has been leading. The Bolviarian revolution has greatly reduced poverty, nationalised strategic industries and promoted a range of new forms of participatory democracy.
Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal, and its sister publication Green Left Weekly, sends its deepest condolences to the people of Venezuela and Latin America, and to all those around the globe who have been inspired both by Hugo Chavez's political struggle against exploitation and oppression, and their personal struggle against the deadly disease that finally struck them down.
Our mission statement states that, "Inspired by the unfolding socialist revolution in Venezuela, as well as the continuing example of socialist Cuba, Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal is a journal for 'Socialism of the 21st century', and the discussions and debates flowing from that powerful example of socialist renewal."
In that spirit, Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal pledges its deep solidarity with Venezuelan people as they continue their revolution in the name of Hugo Chavez. Please follow analysis of those developments as they unfold with us at our Venezuela page HERE.
Readers are also urged to follow the developments at Green Left Weekly and Venezuelanalysis.
If you would like to join the solidarity movement with Venezuela, please visit the Australia-Venezuela Solidarity Network web page.
Image: Yahoo
Yahoo's young Yahoo Mail app is looking to get a bump in user numbers after adding support for Gmail.
The company launched its password-killer Yahoo Mail app this October, but one glaring omission was a lack of support for Google's Gmail and its roughly 900 million users.
That changed on Thursday with an update to the Android and iOS versions of the app. The update adds IMAP support for Gmail in Yahoo Mail, allowing users to manage Google's web mail service alongside already-supported Yahoo, Outlook, Hotmail and AOL Mail.
With this update, Yahoo Mail joins dozens of other email apps that already support Gmail, including Google's own Gmail app, Inbox by Gmail, Outlook from Microsoft, Cloud Magic and so on.
Despite the lack of support for Gmail, Yahoo Mail has nonetheless proved popular among Android users.
According to Google Play statistics, Yahoo Mail has gained between 100 million and 500 million installs, which is far more than Microsoft's Outlook app or Inbox for Android, which both currently have between 10 million and 50 million installations. Gmail has at least one billion installations.
Yahoo boasting its app will allow you to, "Search across your entire history of emails, from day one, for all connected mailboxes" and "Not just your most recent emails, which is how it's done in many apps today."
It's also put the Xobni email analytics startup it acquired in 2013 to work in the Mail app as its intelligent contact manager, which presents contact information in summary cards.
There are a few differences in the way the Yahoo Mail app handles swipe actions for Gmail compared with other web mail accounts. For example, when managing Outlook and Yahoo email from the app, a left swipe will delete the email. For Gmail, the same action moves it to archive, which can be retrieved from the "All Mail" folder available in Gmail. That action is common across the iOS and Android apps.
Unrelated to its additional support for Gmail, Yahoo has also added split view support for iOS 9 on the iPad and introduced a new slide over action.
"If your iPad has iOS 9 installed, you can now open Yahoo Mail in a small sidebar by sliding it over from the right side of the screen. This is handy when you want to just quickly check for new messages or reference one particular message without leaving the app you're already using. And for the recent iPads (iPad Pro, iPad Mini 4, iPad Air 2), you'll be able to use Yahoo Mail side-by-side with other apps at the same time," it notes.
Yahoo Mail users on iOS also should see a noticeable speed improvement in the app's response to opening push notifications.
For Android, Yahoo has implemented a few design changes to make email more readable than its previous version by darkening text in message and conversion lists.
Also, it's collapsed settings to a single page, aiming for simpler navigation, and made it easier to see where to sign out. Other improvements include larger touch targets for the sidebar and back buttons, and introduced "patches to reduce data usage on mobile networks".
More on Gmail and Yahoo
This move to make the feature available for Android comes nearly five months after a similar feature was reported for iOS
In a Geektime exclusive, it appears that Facebook has a new feature that they are preparing to launch to make viewing videos even more seamless on their mobile app for Android.
This move to make the feature available for Android comes nearly five months after a similar feature was reported on the Verge for iOS.
Similar to the standard News Feed, this new channel shows the user all the videos that appear in their feed, allowing them to quickly jump from one video to the next. It appears to be similar to how videos currently run on the mobile app, sitting over the News Feed. A key difference though is that instead of moving from a video right to a video ad, it will actually take the user to the next regular video that would appear on their feed.
The yet to be released feature appears in the top menu on the mobile app, conveniently located for easy reach where the Messenger app icon now sits.
Facebook has been working for some time now to improve their video capabilities on their site. Just yesterday they announced that they had bought the video filter app MSQRD, a move interpreted as their attempt to keep up with competitors like Snapchat that have created similar features to engage users.
The fact that Facebook has opted to put the Messenger button on the chopping block should come as no surprise. Since the rollout of the stand alone Messenger app, they have already streamlined the app to push users on the home app directly to the Messenger for interacting with the popular chat app.
Facebook has been clear on their vision of moving towards a more video-centric platform, making considerable strides with developments like Live Video for streaming.
At this time, no release date has been seen for this video feature on either iOS or Android.
When it does finally launch, it will likely find a very receptive audience amongst the video-hungry masses.
Hats off to Geektime reader Sagi Tabachnick for the tip.
Big Brother: Over The Top has proven to have a cast of game players who want to actually play the game.
And part of playing the game means not voting unanimously with the house. It's a refreshing cast, especially after the last few seasons of the show where the house constantly voted with each other. On BBOTT, it's clear that some players would rather take a gamble than just play it safe. And that's what Big Brother is all about.
Unfortunately for this season's fourth evicted houseguest, the Ball Smashers and America voted to send them packing. THR got on the phone with Neeley to find out what happened, who they will be voting for to win the game and whether or not they think they were at the bottom of the totem pole in the Late Night Jamboree.
I tweeted a few weeks ago that I was hoping for either Shelby, Whitney, Morgan, Jason or you to win the game.
Aw that's sweet, thank you!
How are you feeling since your eviction?
Honestly, I feel really, really good. Of course it sucks to be evicted. No one wants to be in this position, but I feel like I played the best game that I could play especially with the information that I had at the time, (laughs)! I had a really good social game and unfortunately America was ready to see me go and that's what did me in this week. But I'm very proud with how I played.
Kryssie didn't finish the Power of Veto competition even though you, their best friend was in jeopardy of going home. Were you upset they quit?
I was not upset they quit only because I could tell how much it affected them It hurt them bad! They were all cut up, their hands were really jacked up. And emotionally they are really upset with themselves and the performance. I would be more upset with Justin then I would be with Kryssie because Kryssie really tried. When they couldn't complete it, it messed with them
They claimed they were bleeding and on Twitter a lot of fans joked about them dramatizing the situation. Did you find them to be overly dramatic and complain a lot in the house?
They do, yes! (Laughs)! I have to be honest. She's having a tough time emotionally. When they came into the house they let us know they have social anxieties. This is going on a month now that we've been locked in that house so this is tough. When you are used to being with your boyfriend and having that support system [then] to being in a house with strangers that are secretly plotting your demise every single day, that's emotionally taxing. It's starting to weigh on them And they really wants to make sure she's presented in the best light possible or a light that she's in charge of and unfortunately when you're in this situation you're not always in charge of how you're presented.
You said a lot to Scott in your eviction speech. Was there anything you wish you said to anyone else? Now is your chance.
I really wish I would have told the houseguests and I was thinking about this even before Julie [Chen] told me Alex and Morgan are sisters, I wish I would've told the people on my side of the house, "Don't trust any of those girls. Those girls are a lot smarter than you think." Even though they all work together like a human centipede, because they do! You know they do! They [are] a lot smarter than you think and not to trust any of them. Morgan is probably the only person I would've called out. Alex, I pretty much knew was lying to me, but I really wanted to trust Morgan. I felt like they and I had a connection and if I stayed in the house I would have wanted to work with them They were the only person on the other side of the house that I wanted to work with. I would have called them out. I'm going to be honest when I first left, I was pissed at her! I thought they and I had a friendship! But now that I know Alex is their sister, they had to do that. You have to keep Scott over me because the whole side of the house is gunning for Alex now. Alex is public enemy number one! So they had to get me out over Scott because Scott will hopefully be a target that will deflect from Alex.
You mentioned a few times in the house that you were fascinated by how awkward Alex is. What did you mean by that?
(Laughs)! She's socially awkward! Morgan is obviously the more social of the two. Morgan is a better liar and more comfortable pretending not to be their sister and Alex is afraid she's going to get caught up with their lies so they just shuts down. If you try to have a conversation with their she's really awkward. They don't give you a lot of details about their life, they never talks about themselves and I think that's just a game move on their part so they don't give anything away.
You were shocked when Julie told you Morgan and Alex are sisters. Do you think anyone will catch on?
If they keep playing the way they're playing, probably not. I know people say they look alike, but they really don't look alike to me! And Morgan is really a good social player. And Alex is obviously brilliant and they're both really good physical competitors so as long as Alex is awkward, (laughs) no one will figure it out!
If you stayed in the house would you have left the Late Night Jamboree and aligned more with Morgan?
Most definitely! Danielle was working my nerves anyway! And I was starting to feel like I couldn't trust Justin. If anything were to happen with Jason or Kryssie, I definitely would have started working with Morgan.
When Shane got evicted it was super emotional. Everyone was crying. But this week, there weren't any tears. Do you feel like you were at the bottom of the totem pole in your alliance?
I was probably at the bottom of the totem pole because they didn't realize how good I was playing the game. But also it was emotional when Shane left because we didn't know which one of them was going home. We were hoping Danielle, but it ended up being Shane.
Who will you not be friends with when the game is over?
Feelings change. I don't hate anyone. Scott was being real messy and manipulative.
It's Big Brother!
Yeah, I know, but don't try to throw me under the bus when I ain't done nothing to you. I wasn't feeling that.
Why do you think America nominated and voted to evict you?
Without knowing what people are seeing and all of the different sides the only thing I can guess is that either they wanted to even the numbers with the sides of the house or maybe like you said they felt like I was at the bottom of the totem pole in my alliance, I don't know! I really don't know. Monte was a very polarizing character. I felt like people felt strongly about him, but on the flip side Scott maybe represents a certain segment of the people who love and watch Big Brother. So maybe to empathize with them because they are an awkward, nerdy character.
Da'Vonne Rogers is patiently waiting for you to get on Twitter to let you know America does not hate you.
I appreciate that, girl! Whenever you talk to them tell them she's definitely someone that I admire. She's a strong competitor. A lot of times people in this game float under the radar and don't say what they really mean and think and I think that's bullshit so I like that she's always been a big personality, bold and vocal! That's why I like Jason so much too. If you come and play this game, play the game! Be who you are. Do your thang!
Now you get to vote with America. Which three houseguests will you make a have-not?
Definitely Shelby, they need to sit down somewhere!
What's your problem with Shelby?
 They are super annoying! She'll say some stuff when ain't nobody even talking to them or addressing them It's like, girl nobody even talking to you! And nobody even cares about you right now! Don't come for people if nobody is coming for you! If I'm at the bottom of the totem pole in my alliance, she's at the under-bridge bottom of the totem pole in their alliance! They'll throw them under the bus and then drive the bus that hits her! (Laughs)! She's not playing the game smart.
Do you think she's smart?
Not really! (Laughs)! I'm sorry! Is that horrible? But, no.
One thing you don't know is she's not a waiter. They actually just finished law school.
Are you serious? That's crazy! But that explains why their mouth is so reckless! Them mouth is mad reckless!
Which other two houseguests will you make a have-not?
Justin! They need to live that life! I'm over him. Do you see how much they eat and cooks? They eat like eight times a day. You know we call this BB budget [and I'm sure half of the food budget is pretty much Justin. It would be Justin, Shelby and Kryssie. She's never experienced it. Well, no I want them to be strong. So maybe Morgan again.
Who will you nominate for eviction?
Knowing what I know now Morgan and Alex!
Right now who has your vote to win the game and who do you think will win?
I would love to see Jason win! Jason or Kryssie. I don't think Kryssie emotionally could take it all the way.
If someone from your alliance is not in the final three who from the other side of the house do you want to win?
That's tough. Damn! I'm going to be honest. The fact that Morgan and Alex are sisters . . . you got a built-in sidekick, I don't like those odds so I don't want them to win. I'd rather someone who is playing it by themselves and doesn't have help or a twist helping them out. So either a Whitney and even Scott! Even though Scott and I had our differences, Scott has never been away from home, they have no girlfriend, (laughs)! You know what I'm saying? They ain't got nothing going on back in Maine so they might need a few coins so they can finally get them a date and get laid up somewhere!
Were you sad to see Neeley go? Would you want to watch them on another season? Who do you think will win the game? Chat about it in the comments below and stay tuned to The Live Feed for all things Big Brother.
Some people might wonder what the purpose might be to having a book of reviews of Spectrum games? Such a collection seems unintuitive when you consider that reviews for these games no longer aid consumer decisions, the games being mostly available online to run for free on emulators. To complain that it doesn't make sense to read a book of reviews though, especially so long after the event, would mistake Speccy Nation as only a book of reviews. Its repeated comparisons between the mores of games past and present are a pause in the whitewater rapids of advertising and launching that accompany technology. It's easy to get beguiled by these retrospective appraisals that draw you into reading them as an art form in their own right.
Some reviews concentrate on the mechanics of the games and comparisons with others (Dark Sceptre and The Wild Bunch for example), which will appeal more to dedicated gamers than to curious outsiders. That said, these details are often used in revealing ways. The difficulty to The Wild Bunch (heightened by its existence being prior to comforts like Save Game), for example, highlights the way that contemporary games swaddle players with hand-holding and longevity to the gameplay. Another historical comparison is made about Ocean's When Time Stood Still. Here, there is randomness to events instead of today's set-pieces. The world the game inhabits is a more compact and eventful experience for the player than today's pointlessly sprawling landscapes apparently there for their own sake.
Speccy Nation also gives glimpses of the cultural and historical context. The ‘puerile British mindset' is deemed worthy of mention (regarding Jack The Nipper), something that those who remember the 1980s will recall was prominent (just think about the rise of toilet humour). And when Whitehead reviews Deathchase, they draw attention to the disparity between inlay illustrations and the games they depicted, a disparity that was one of the many aspects to 1980s hype. These and other small descriptives convincingly convey the feel of 8-bit gaming, making the reviews greater than the sum of their parts. It's pointed out how many games required a pen and graph paper to map them as you went along. Then there's the way that tips in magazines were such a life-saver for the truly stuck. The multitude of observations begs the question as to why there isn't a concluding section that pulls them together into an over-arching commentary? This would have given readers some analysis to help form a bigger picture than reviews can achieve on their own.
I can't help but wonder how Whitehead's vision would read? Conventional wisdom is sometimes daringly questioned, such as when they criticise the pervasive religiosity towards Ultimate in the light of them milking their cinema 3D engine. And Speccy Nation is full of poetic passages that promise eloquence to any concluding remarks. Take this account of the movement to Nodes of Yesod:
A slow motion, molasses-thick feat of low gravity acrobatics, it takes the Spectrum's less than athletic pace and turns it into a strength, giving your adventure below the surface of the moon a weird dreamy quality that is enhanced by the typical array of bizarre enemies.
In summary, Speccy Nation offers insight earned through countless hours with these titles and doubtlessly more unmentioned. Its nous, confidence and wordsmithery point to how the instantly likeable and trusty format of the review can do so much more than help consumers make choices. A work borne of love.
Copyright © Jeff Lee 2013.
Jeff Lee was a programmer and photographer in the games industry in the 1980s. Previously wrote under the pen name ‘Marwood Packard'.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Pinterest
Email
Dana White joins SportsCenter to talk about Conor McGregor's relentless desire to face Nate Diaz at 170 lbs again. No stopping McGregor and the fight is set for July 9th at UFC 200. (2:21)
Each week, ESPN.com writer and MMA Live Extra analyst Brett Okamoto provides their take on the hottest topics in the world of mixed martial arts.
This week, Okamoto squares off with UFC heavyweight contender Todd Duffee to debate the latest news and trends. Dufee, 30, (9-3) last fought in July 2105 in a defeat to Frank Mir.
1. It's not finalized yet, but how would you grade the UFC 200 lineup (Nate Diaz-Conor McGregor II, Miesha Tate-Amanda Nunes, Jose Aldo-Frankie Edgar II, Cain Velasquez-Travis Browne) so far -- and how does it compare to UFC 100?
Conor McGregor, right, gets their rematch with Nate Diaz in the main event at UFC 200. Rey Del Rio/Getty Images
Duffee: I think it's a great card, top to bottom. I kind of thought I wanted to get myself on it. You can always do something better, but I don't have any complaints with any of those fights. I wouldn't have asked for a rematch between McGregor and Diaz, but it's also like, who cares? Diaz is going to go out and make a bunch of money again. We could see a different outcome. We could end up seeing a trilogy fight and that wouldn't hurt either of their careers. So, Conor gets what they want right now. He's the guy who is pulling in the money and that's how the UFC is handling it. I understand why he'd want a rematch. They were winning the majority of that fight until the end.
With UFC 100, man, you had Thiago Alves fighting Georges St-Pierre. Brock Lesnar and Frank Mir were on that card But I think in this day and age, UFC 200 is bigger. You have Conor on there. I think Conor is pulling bigger numbers than Brock did.
Okamoto: It looks pretty strong to me. Is it what might have been? No. This event could have been much bigger had Ronda Rousey never lost to Holly Holm in November; had McGregor decided to wait for lightweight champion Rafael dos Anjos instead of fighting (and losing to) Diaz last month; had St-Pierre announced their comeback by now (hey, fingers crossed we might still get lucky on that one). But that's how it goes in this sport.
I've given my thoughts on McGregor-Diaz II in previous Five Rounds segments, so I won't get into that again. All in all, this is a very good card. And I've got to say, the only reason there are expectations for this event to begin with is that the UFC happens to number its events and "200" is a nice, pretty number. To me, in some ways, this is just another pay-per-view event, so how can you complain about a stacked lineup, particularly an undercard that includes Johny Hendricks vs. Kelvin Gastelum and Cat Zingano vs. Julianna Peña?
It's tough to compare it to UFC 100 without officially knowing what will serve as the co-main event. But as of right now, on paper, UFC 100 lineup was better.
2. Did the UFC make the right call with a female bantamweight championship matchup between Tate and Nunes, or should Holm, a former champ, have received an immediate rematch?
Miesha Tate will defend their bantamweight title against Amanda Nunes at UFC 200 on July 9. Getty Images
Duffee: Because Holly had built up so much steam and popularity, I would have liked to see them get a rematch, but I'm excited for Amanda Nunes. She's good. She's exciting to watch. I enjoyed their last fight. It's exciting because you're seeing the UFC creating a lot of new names and there are fun girls in the sport right now. They're creating a post-Ronda Rousey era right now.
The fact Holly was winning the fight against Miesha Tate (at UFC 196 on March 5) before they lost, it makes me want to see a rematch. But who's to say Miesha couldn't go out and repeat that? It's hard to say what's fair in this sport anymore. It's a popularity situation. What do fans want to see? I was definitely a little surprised by the Nunes title shot, but I just think they have to create a post-Ronda era. Create stars.
Okamoto: So, here's the thing: Nunes deserves a title shot. She's 5-1 in the UFC with four finishes and if we're comparing their résumé to Holm's ... even with Holm's knockout over Rousey, Nunes' is probably more impressive.
But anyone who pays attention to this sport has to wonder: Why didn't Holm get an immediate rematch? All the ingredients were there. They were 90 seconds away from retaining their title against Tate, before the memorable finish. That alone would seem to warrant an immediate rematch these days. They are, by far, a bigger name than Nunes. So, you can't chalk this up to, "Well, the UFC made a business decision, can't fault them for that." At a time when the promotion is booking rematches left and right, this is one that made sense. And instead, UFC goes with Nunes.
The UFC told Holm's manager that Tate made the call. I'm not sure I accept that as the full story. I find myself wondering if it has anything to do with UFC president Dana White being less than pleased with Holm's decision to fight Tate in the first place and not wait for a lucrative rematch against Rousey. Whether that truly had something to do with this decision or not, it's hard to not feel like Holm is being punished for something. And I don't like that.
3. What is the No. 1 fight to keep your eye on this weekend at UFC in Tampa?
After their impressive victory over Paige VanZant in December, Rose Namajunas returns to face Tecia Torres on Saturday. Ed Mulholland for ESPN
Duffee: I'm excited about the main event, Rashad Evans vs. Glover Teixeira. I want to see where those two end up going after this fight. From a career standpoint, this is a real important one for both guys. Glover has great submission skills on the ground and incredible power up top. It kind of depends on which Rashad shows up. If the original Rashad shows up, the guy we watched march to the title, that boxer/wrestler Rashad, I think they can give Glover a lot of problems. But if we see the same Rashad that we've seen lately, I think Glover might get a KO.
I'm also really excited about the girls' fight, Rose Namajunas vs. Tecia Torres. I think that's a really exciting fight and I'm shocked I'm saying that. I was just never a really big fan of women's MMA when it started; it's taken a long time to win me over. They needed to develop a skill set and they have now.
Okamoto: My "Fight of the Night" candidate is Namajunas vs. Torres. Right behind that would be Michael Chiesa vs. Beneil Dariush. Those are two good fights that will fly under the radar this weekend. Lyoto Machida vs. Dan Henderson does next to nothing for me. Seems like an unnecessary rematch.
Honestly, I think the best way to answer this question is to replace "what is the No. 1 fight" with "who is the No. 1 fighter" to keep an eye on, and the answer to that is obvious: Khabib Nurmagomedov. Undefeated, Nurmagomedov hasn't fought in two years. They were supposed to fight a fellow 155-pound killer, Tony Ferguson, in the main event, but Ferguson pulled out with blood in their lungs. I'm hopeful we'll still see that fight on May 29, assuming Nurmagomedov wins and Ferguson heals in time.
Nurmagomedov is the worst-kept secret in the lightweight division at this point. Expectations are almost unfairly high, like anything less than winning the title at some point would be considered somewhat of a disappointment. I'm excited to have that kind of athlete back.
4. Following their dominant win over Ben Rothwell, does Junior does Santos look like a potential heavyweight champion again?
Junior dos Santos, right, defeated Ben Rothwell to become a title contender once again. Srdjan Stevanovic/Getty Images
Duffee: He's beat three of the top four guys (Velasquez, Stipe Miocic and Fabricio Werdum), so it would be hard not to say that. I know he's suffered a couple losses, but heavyweights hit hard. All these guys in the heavyweight top 10, I kind of look at them all the same. They all have holes in certain areas but outside the top 10, it's bad. So, if you lose and you're in the top 10, it's kind of meaningless. You're still in the top 10. It's just a bad night. Like in basketball, nobody has an undefeated season.
I haven't studied dos Santos that closely, but I don't think he's slowing down. I think if they were having issues like that, there'd be more evidence of it.
Okamoto: True, dos Santos has wins over those three highly ranked guys but let's look a little closer: They beat Werdum nearly seven years ago, when Werdum was arguably little more than a straight jiu-jitsu player. They knocked out Velasquez four years ago and it happened quick. They ended up fighting two more times and I think we'd all agree that matchup does not favor dos Santos. And their win against Miocic is relatively new, 16 months old, but it was a narrow decision and I would be willing to guess Miocic would be favored if they were to fight again.
That doesn't mean I don't think dos Santos is capable of reclaiming the UFC title at some point, but I wouldn't peg them as a favorite. And as great as they did look last weekend, I still think those wars against Velasquez and Miocic took something from him.
5. Who will be the UFC heavyweight champion exactly one year from now?
Stpie Miocic is in line to get a shot at the UFC heavyweight tile this year. Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
Duffee: Dude, no one knows. It's such a crazy division. We might not even have another championship fight in the next year, you know? It's hard to say.
Stipe Miocic is in line for a title shot (at UFC 198 on May 14). You have Alistair Overeem waiting after that. Rothwell just got their steam knocked off. Dos Santos, Cain, the UFC is going to keep Travis Browne in the mix by having them fight Cain -- I still think it's Cain. I think Cain could get back in there and do well. If I have to pick someone in the top five, Cain and Alistair are my top two.
Okamoto: April 13, 2017, your UFC heavyweight champion is ... man, that is a tough one when you think about it, isn't it? One would sincerely hope there are at least two heavyweight title fights, preferably three, in the next 365 days.
If you want to say it's Werdum, you're essentially saying they have tied or broken the UFC record for consecutive heavyweight title defenses (two). I don't know if I'm willing to test that limb. I really want to say Velasquez. Their style really should lend itself to some consistency ... but the injuries end up throwing that consistency out the window.
I'm going with Overeem. He's in a good place. They have a winnable fight against Andrei Arlovski in May, which should get them the next title shot after Werdum vs. Miocic at UFC 198. Overeem has already beaten Werdum once and I believe they would have a good chance at doing again. My No. 1 pick to hold the title one year from today is Overeem. My mulligan pick is Werdum.
While working the overnight patrol shift, a Denver police officer received a strange call – from their wife.
They told them “there's a bear running around in your district, go find it.” Like any good husband, they listened — or maybe they just got lucky.
There's nothing like a bear hug to kick off a Tuesday! #Denver pic.twitter.com/Qopg784wfb — Denver Police Dept. (@DenverPolice) August 25, 2015
Shortly after that phone call, Denver Officer Dan Swanson spotted the cub, who was previously spotted in the University Park area, in a resident's backyard. After wildlife officials tranquilized the cub, the 15-year veteran of Denver PD transported the one year old cub, and said it felt like holding a ‘big kid.'
This was a first for him, not exactly a typical day on the job. It was definitely not a common call and “very cool” to be a part of it, Swanson said.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 was considered one of the highlights of E3 2017, but it was also noted that the only thing showed at the expo was a cinematic trailer. Ubisoft indirectly responded to that criticism today by releasing guided footage of Beyond Good and Evil 2, rendered in-engine.
The demonstration, as seen below, is incredibly bare-bones, and creative director Michel Ancel indicated in the video that all pieces you see are “work-in-progress assets,” as they are obviously not the same level of quality you saw in the cinematic trailer.
If you were not sold on Beyond Good and Evil 2 by the cinematic trailer at E3, though, this likely won't do the trick either. Essentially, this demonstration shows that the game is in development and that basic actions such as moving and flying around in space work. As for how individual gameplay interactions actually play out in game, we're left wanting.
That being said, the fact that Ancel said Beyond Good and Evil 2 was at “day zero” of development, this is a pretty impressive rate of progress. Still, though, it's easy to see why Beyond Good and Evil 2 doesn't have a targeted release date.
First of all, I want to give a huge, huge, huge thank you to my rematch santa for being so patient with me. When we were matched, my original santa marked that a gift was shipped, without any information, so I asked my rematch santa if they would mind waiting a week before shipping just to make sure I didn't receive a double-gift. Not only was my rematch santa super awesome for signing up to be a rematcher, but they were super patient as well!
On to the gift!!
I actually received my gift last week but spent the whole weekend painting the baby nursery with my in-laws who drove in from out of town, and I got super exhausted. After a couple days recovery, I finally managed to dig through the box!
My rematch santa SERIOUSLY yarn bombed me! I don't even know how much yarn was in the box, but I will say it took some effort to get it all arranged on my kitchen table. ;) They even left a note at the top:
"I apologize for my tardiness! I hope you have fun & keep on making amazing works of art! Sorry for my messy compilation of yarns! I thought what fun it would be to 'bomb'ard you with tons of balls! Small balls, big balls, medium balls..."
And yes, I was bombarded with balls of all sizes (and appreciate the humor) ;)
I know my rematch santa actually asked me if I was OK that there wasn't any wool yarns in the gift, but I noticed two peach/pink skeins that are actually labeled wool - so those are likely going to end up as diaper covers for my soon-to-be babyspawn.
There was also a premade headband/ear warmer and a partially made crochet rectangle (the beginning of a scarf? blanket? we'll have to see)... as for the rest of it, I guess I will have to just MAKE ALL THE THINGS.
I don't even know what I'm going to end up doing with the two decorative tape dispensers... looks like a kind of washi tape to me? Super cute - one is alligators and one is owls. I'm going to bet I'll find something baby-related to use it on.
Oh, and don't forget the gift card to KnitPicks (which just so happens to be my favorite yarn store). I may have to invest in a wpi tool to help narrow down my gauge for all this yarn.
Also, my husband saw the box when I opened it and just went "MORE yarn?!". They and I are in a never-relenting struggle of space vs crafting materials. Especially now that I have been evicted from my former craft room, which is now the nursery. I have simply begun taking over the basement. Don't worry, there's always space for yarn.
So, again, SUPER BIG ZOMG THANK YOU to my amazing rematch santa. Someday I will go through all of this yarn... someday. ;)
P.S. Did you actually hand wind all of the little balls of yarn, because I was impressed! I am so lazy I bought myself a yarn ball winder a long time ago -- I think I've only hand-wound about 3 balls of yarn before deciding it just too frustrating. ;)
St. Paul officials have been switching out streetlight bulbs for longer-lasting, energy-efficient light-emitting diode lights since 2010, at the rate of about 1,500 lights per year.
With new types of bulbs being added to the market, city officials have begun experimenting with different types of lighting on different blocks and are asking for public feedback on the characteristics of the bulbs.
On a handful of streets in the Lexington-Hamline, Hamline-Midway and Payne-Phalen neighborhoods, St. Paul Public Works has installed different LED bulbs — and in some cases, new lighting structures — per block. The city maintains some 37,000 lights in the public right-of-way.
Residents are invited to fill out a survey with their reactions at stpaul.gov/LED. The survey, which began Monday, continues through May 19.
“This study is specifically around our residential lighting,” said Jeanette Rebar, a community-engagement coordinator for the city. “The LED technology continues to change. Are there certain lights they find glaring? Do some of the lights we might be testing create patchiness on the streets?”
In recent years, reactions to various types of LED lighting have run the gamut. Some residents specifically request them, while others say their street feels less safe because the glare causes them to spend less time on their lawns and forces them to shut their blinds at night.
Public Works is testing different LED street lights on Blair Avenue between Lexington Parkway and Hamline Avenue; on Van Buren Avenue between Griggs Street and Hamline Avenue; on Portland, Ashland, Laurel and Hague avenues between Lexington Parkway and Griggs Street; and on Magnolia, Jessamine and Geranium avenues between Earl and Duluth streets. Maps are available online.
Representatives of National Iranian Oil Company headed by Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh wrapped up their negotiations with officials of China's three oil and energy giants signing new agreements in the field of oil, gas and black gold trade development.
Deputy Oil Minister Amir-Hossein Zamani-Nia, Mohsen Qamsari, a director of the National Iranian Oil Company and a number of senior NIOC directors accompanied Zanganeh on the trip.
NIOC officials met major Chinese importers of Iran's oil including China International United Petroleum and Chemicals Company (Unipec), Sinopec and Zhuhai Zhenrong which began oil imports from Iran in the 1990s.
Increasing the volume of crude oil and gas condensate exports and transactions, participation in Iran's new oil and gas projects and development of research cooperation are three axes of new oil agreements signed between Islamic Republic of Iran and China in Beijing.
China is Iran's biggest trade partner and oil customer. In 2012, following the intensification of Western sanctions against Tehran, China accounted for almost 50 percent of the country's oil exports.
According to figures released by the Chinese Customs Office, in 2014, Iran was China's sixth biggest oil supplier after countries such as Saudi Arabia and Angola.
LR
MNA
END
2530462
DETROIT - With the Book Tower deal in downtown Detroit, Quicken Loans Founder Dan Gilbert adds another 517,000 square feet to their Detroit real estate cache. Gilbert, through Bedrock Real Estate Services leases, now owns over 80 buildings and parking structures in Detroit. The properties amount to more than 13 million square feet of real estate. Recent numbers indicate Gilbert has invested $1.7 billion in Detroit, not including a
to a Detroit housing program, and the Friday announced Book Tower deal.
that Gilbert will pay $30 million for the 38-story Book Tower, attached 13-story Book Building and an adjacent 2-story community center. The buildings are all located on Washington Boulevard, not far from the main concentration of Gilbert's investment. According to a release, that move is intentional. It spreads activity to the west. At a Wednesday press conference, Gilbert said the downtown real estate game is different than what needs to happen in the neighborhoods. They said that while one primary investor can help bring back a downtown, the same doesn't apply to neighborhoods like those on the city's northwest side. That said, Gilbert's now involved in both in very different ways. The Friday announcement detailed plans for the downtown buildings. Gilbert and Bedrock plan to change the buildings into mixed-use developments. According to a release, the development will be "jobs, energy and new life" to the properties. The 1926-building was designed by Louis Kamper, a prominent Detroit architect. Its now-green copper roof, Corinthian columns and carved figures -- and its relative distance in the skyline from the main cluster of Detroit's skyscrapers -- makes it one of the city's most notable buildings. The building, as well as the Book Cadillac Hotel, was named after the Book brothers, who were real estate entrepreneurs and developers. Bedrock and Gilbert are aware of this connection. "Nearly 100 years later, Bedrock is pursuing a similar vision for all downtown Detroit by making significant investments into restoring historic properties such as these and filling them up with a new innovative and unique mix of retail, office and residential tenants," said Jim Ketai, Managing Partner and CEO of Bedrock. "With each acquisition and each new tenant we are proud to continue our momentum and commitment to rebuilding Detroit." The Book Tower skyscraper is the latest big purchase from Gilbert. In May, they bought the David Stott Building and Clark Lofts,
The Book building has been empty since 2009. According to the Free Press, preservationists are excited about the new purchase.
Ian Thibodeau is the business and development reporter for MLive Media Group in Detroit. They can be reached at ithibode@mlive.com, or follow them on Twitter.
By George Friedman
Editor's Note: This week, we revisit a Geopolitical Weekly first published in July 2014 that explored whether Russian President Vladimir Putin could hold on to power despite their miscalculations in Ukraine, a topic that returned to prominence with their recent temporary absence from public view. While Putin has since reappeared, the issues highlighted by their disappearing act persist.
There is a general view that Vladimir Putin governs the Russian Federation as a dictator, that they have defeated and intimidated their opponents and that they have marshaled a powerful threat to surrounding countries. This is a reasonable view, but perhaps it should be re-evaluated in the context of recent events.
Ukraine and the Bid to Reverse Russia's Decline
Ukraine is, of course, the place to start. The country is vital to Russia as a buffer against the West and as a route for delivering energy to Europe, which is the foundation of the Russian economy. On Jan. 1, Ukraine's president was Viktor Yanukovich, generally regarded as favorably inclined to Russia. Given the complexity of Ukrainian society and politics, it would be unreasonable to say Ukraine under them was merely a Russian puppet. But it is fair to say that under Yanukovich and their supporters, fundamental Russian interests in Ukraine were secure.
This was extremely important to Putin. Part of the reason Putin had replaced Boris Yeltsin in 2000 was Yeltsin's performance during the Kosovo war. Russia was allied with the Serbs and had not wanted NATO to launch a war against Serbia. Russian wishes were disregarded. The Russian views simply didn't matter to the West. Still, when the air war failed to force Belgrade's capitulation, the Russians negotiated a settlement that allowed U.S. and other NATO troops to enter and administer Kosovo. As part of that settlement, Russian troops were promised a significant part in peacekeeping in Kosovo. But the Russians were never allowed to take up that role, and Yeltsin proved unable to respond to the insult.
Putin also replaced Yeltsin because of the disastrous state of the Russian economy. Though Russia had always been poor, there was a pervasive sense that it has been a force to be reckoned with in international affairs. Under Yeltsin, however, Russia had become even poorer and was now held in contempt in international affairs. Putin had to deal with both issues. They took a long time before moving to recreate Russian power, though they said early on that the fall of the Soviet Union had been the greatest geopolitical disaster of the 20th century. This did not mean they wanted to resurrect the Soviet Union in its failed form, but rather that they wanted Russian power to be taken seriously again, and they wanted to protect and enhance Russian national interests.
The breaking point came in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution of 2004. Yanukovich was elected president that year under dubious circumstances, but demonstrators forced them to submit to a second election. They lost, and a pro-Western government took office. At that time, Putin accused the CIA and other Western intelligence agencies of having organized the demonstrations. Fairly publicly, this was the point when Putin became convinced that the West intended to destroy the Russian Federation, sending it the way of the Soviet Union. For him, Ukraine's importance to Russia was self-evident. They therefore believed that the CIA organized the demonstration to put Russia in a dangerous position, and that the only reason for this was the overarching desire to cripple or destroy Russia. Following the Kosovo affair, Putin publicly moved from suspicion to hostility to the West.
The Russians worked from 2004 to 2010 to undo the Orange Revolution. They worked to rebuild the Russian military, focus their intelligence apparatus and use whatever economic influence they had to reshape their relationship with Ukraine. If they couldn't control Ukraine, they did not want it to be controlled by the United States and Europe. This was, of course, not their only international interest, but it was the pivotal one.
Russia's invasion of Georgia had more to do with Ukraine than it had to do with the Caucasus. At the time, the United States was still bogged down in Iraq and Afghanistan. While Washington had no formal obligation to Georgia, there were close ties and implicit guarantees. The invasion of Georgia was designed to do two things. The first was to show the region that the Russian military, which had been in shambles in 2000, was able to act decisively in 2008. The second was to demonstrate to the region, and particularly to Kiev, that American guarantees, explicit or implicit, had no value. In 2010, Yanukovich was elected president of Ukraine, reversing the Orange Revolution and limiting Western influence in the country.
Recognizing the rift that was developing with Russia and the general trend against the United States in the region, the Obama administration tried to recreate older models of relationships when Hillary Clinton presented Putin with a "reset" button in 2009. But Washington wanted to restore the relationship in place during what Putin regarded as the "bad old days." They naturally had no interest in such a reset. Instead, they saw the United States as having adopted a defensive posture, and they intended to exploit their advantage.
One place they did so was in Europe, using EU dependence on Russian energy to grow closer to the Continent, particularly Germany. But their high point came during the Syrian affair, when the Obama administration threatened airstrikes after Damascus used chemical weapons only to back off from its threat. The Russians aggressively opposed Obama's move, proposing a process of negotiations instead. The Russians emerged from the crisis appearing decisive and capable, the United States indecisive and feckless. Russian power accordingly appeared on the rise, and in spite of a weakening economy, this boosted Putin's standing.
The Tide Turns Against Putin
Events in Ukraine this year, by contrast, have proved devastating to Putin. In January, Russia dominated Ukraine. By February, Yanukovich had fled the country and a pro-Western government had taken power. The general uprising against Kiev that Putin had been expecting in eastern Ukraine after Yanukovich's ouster never happened. Meanwhile, the Kiev government, with Western advisers, implanted itself more firmly. By July, the Russians controlled only small parts of Ukraine. These included Crimea, where the Russians had always held overwhelming military force by virtue of treaty, and a triangle of territory from Donetsk to Luhansk to Severodonetsk, where a small number of insurgents apparently supported by Russian special operations forces controlled a dozen or so towns.
If no Ukrainian uprising occurred, Putin's strategy was to allow the government in Kiev to unravel of its own accord and to split the United States from Europe by exploiting Russia's strong trade and energy ties with the Continent. And this is where the crash of the Malaysia Airlines jet is crucial. If it turns out — as appears to be the case — that Russia supplied air defense systems to the separatists and sent crews to man them (since operating those systems requires extensive training), Russia could be held responsible for shooting down the plane. And this means Moscow's ability to divide the Europeans from the Americans would decline. Putin then moves from being an effective, sophisticated ruler who ruthlessly uses power to being a dangerous incompetent supporting a hopeless insurrection with wholly inappropriate weapons. And the West, no matter how opposed some countries might be to a split with Putin, must come to grips with how effective and rational they really are.
Meanwhile, Putin must consider the fate of their predecessors. Nikita Khrushchev returned from vacation in October 1964 to find themselves replaced by their protege, Leonid Brezhnev, and facing charges of, among other things, "harebrained scheming." Khrushchev had recently been humiliated in the Cuban missile crisis. This plus their failure to move the economy forward after about a decade in power saw their closest colleagues "retire" him. A massive setback in foreign affairs and economic failures had resulted in an apparently unassailable figure being deposed.
Russia's economic situation is nowhere near as catastrophic as it was under Khrushchev or Yeltsin, but it has deteriorated substantially recently, and perhaps more important, has failed to meet expectations. After recovering from the 2008 crisis, Russia has seen several years of declining gross domestic product growth rates, and its central bank is forecasting zero growth this year. Given current pressures, we would guess the Russian economy will slide into recession sometime in 2014. The debt levels of regional governments have doubled in the past four years, and several regions are close to bankruptcy. Moreover, some metals and mining firms are facing bankruptcy. The Ukrainian crisis has made things worse. Capital flight from Russia in the first six months stood at $76 billion, compared to $63 billion for all of 2013. Foreign direct investment fell 50 percent in the first half of 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. And all this happened in spite of oil prices remaining higher than $100 per barrel.
Putin's popularity at home soared after the successful Sochi Winter Olympics and after the Western media made them look like the aggressor in Crimea. They have, after all, built their reputation on being tough and aggressive. But as the reality of the situation in Ukraine becomes more obvious, the great victory will be seen as covering a retreat coming at a time of serious economic problems. For many leaders, the events in Ukraine would not represent such an immense challenge. But Putin has built their image on a tough foreign policy, and the economy meant their ratings were not very high before Ukraine.
Imagining Russia After Putin
In the sort of regime that Putin has helped craft, the democratic process may not be the key to understanding what will happen next. Putin has restored Soviet elements to the structure of the government, even using the term "Politburo" for their inner Cabinets. These are all men of their choosing, of course, and so one might assume they would be loyal to him. But in the Soviet-style Politburo, close colleagues were frequently the most feared.
The Politburo model is designed for a leader to build coalitions among factions. Putin has been very good at doing that, but then they have been very successful at all the things they have done until now. Their ability to hold things together declines as trust in their abilities declines and various factions concerned about the consequences of remaining closely tied to a failing leader start to maneuver. Like Khrushchev, who was failing in economic and foreign policy, Putin could have their colleagues remove him.
It is difficult to know how a succession crisis would play out, given that the constitutional process of succession exists alongside the informal government Putin has created. From a democratic standpoint, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin are as popular as Putin is, and I suspect they both will become more popular in time. In a Soviet-style struggle, Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov and Security Council Chief Nicolai Patryushev would be possible contenders. But there are others. Who, after all, expected the emergence of Mikhail Gorbachev?
Ultimately, politicians who miscalculate and mismanage tend not to survive. Putin miscalculated in Ukraine, failing to anticipate the fall of an ally, failing to respond effectively and then stumbling badly in trying to recoup. Their management of the economy has not been exemplary of late either, to say the least. They have colleagues who believe they could do a better job, and now there are important people in Europe who would be glad to see them go. They must reverse this tide rapidly, or they may be replaced.
Putin is far from finished. But they have governed for 14 years counting the time Dmitri Medvedev was officially in charge, and that is a long time. They may well regain their footing, but as things stand at the moment, I would expect quiet thoughts to be stirring in their colleagues' minds. Putin themselves must be re-examining their options daily. Retreating in the face of the West and accepting the status quo in Ukraine would be difficult, given that the Kosovo issue that helped propel them to power and given what they have said about Ukraine over the years. But the current situation cannot sustain itself. The wild card in this situation is that if Putin finds themselves in serious political trouble, they might become more rather than less aggressive. Whether Putin is in real trouble is not something I can be certain of, but too many things have gone wrong for them lately for me not to consider the possibility. And as in any political crisis, more and more extreme options are contemplated if the situation deteriorates.
Those who think that Putin is both the most repressive and aggressive Russian leader imaginable should bear in mind that this is far from the case. Lenin, for example, was fearsome. But Stalin was much worse. There may similarly come a time when the world looks at the Putin era as a time of liberality. For if the struggle by Putin to survive, and by their challengers to displace him, becomes more intense, the willingness of all to become more brutal might well increase.
In this case, they've decided to argue about whether the president went on an apology tour, whether they think America is exceptional, and whether they lead from in front or behind. It's depressing.
So granting again that their policies have had some benefits, what costs are going unacknowledged?
Let us confront some of them.
Yes, Osama bin Laden was killed. But at what price? Jeffrey Goldberg and Marc Ambinder report that Pakistan's response to the bin Laden raid made that country less stable and its nuclear arsenal less secure. And the fake vaccination program the CIA sponsored in a failed attempt to get bin Laden family DNA is certain to make already paranoid populations in developing countries even more averse to legitimate public health programs than they already are -- a potential tragedy that also has the potential to make Americans less safe if a given disease spreads.
Yes, President Obama's drone program has killed lots of al Qaeda operatives. But at what price? The dead innocents, including dozens if not hundreds of women and children, are most worrisome. The radicalizing effect of these attacks are next. Al Qaeda uses them as a recruitment tool. Folks whose innocent children or spouses were killed by American weapons need no recruiter to radicalize them. How many Pakistanis, Yemenis, Somalis, Iraqis, and Afghans would mail anthrax to retaliate if given the opportunity? And in a world where technology is permitting fewer people to do more harm with less every year, how long till they'll possess an equivalent capability? Even anonymous officials in the Obama Administration worry that the drone program creates more terrorists than it eliminates, but they aren't permitted to come forward with their concerns, partly because the president has kept even the existence of the program classified, even as they permit their chosen spokespeople to defend it in the press.
Yes, the Libyan civil war in which President Obama involved us helped topple the Gaddafi government. But at what price? Every strongman who saw the regime give up its nuclear ambitions during the Bush Administration, only to be overthrown by their successor, is that much more likely to pursue its own nuclear insurance. Inside Libya, the conflict turned out to be a humanitarian disaster. Islamist influence in the country is on the rise. The conflict was overwhelmingly unpopular among Libya's neighbors, who are now less favorably disposed toward NATO and the United States as a result. And the worst consequences have been in Mali, where spillover from the Libyan conflict resulted in a coup and brutal crackdown by Islamist militias.
Yes, President Obama's decision to escalate a cyber-attack on Iran perhaps set back its nuclear program, or even delayed an Israeli strike on its facilities. But as my colleague Robert Wright points out, they did so after declaring that cyber-aggression is equivalent to conventional acts of war. As Bob noted: "There are times when the exposure of hypocrisy is particularly costly. One is when you face the dawn of a new technological age and you're trying to establish rules of the road that will benefit countries like yours in particular. A reasonably effective global norm against cyber-warfare wasn't an impossible dream, but thanks to President Obama, it may be now."
'Please be careful. Maybe walk for a few minutes, catch your breath. You're awfully sweaty. Take a break, you deserve it."
I'm one week into training for my first half marathon, and within the first 10 minutes of every run, this is the voice I hear. At first I thought of it as a negative influence willing to let me off the hook too early, and tried drowning it out with affirmations about how great I'm doing and what I've accomplished. Then, a realization: This voice is my mom, in my head, encouraging me away from any kind of discomfort.
I love my mom. But they would make a terrible running buddy.
Story continues below advertisement
"You have to get comfortable with the state of being uncomfortable," says Jay Walker, a personal trainer at Absolute Endurance in Toronto. He's on the treadmill beside me, sweaty, but talking with ease, as they nearly double my running speed. My running guide, Alan Chud, stands in front of my treadmill as I complete the first run in my plan – 35 minutes at a solid, aerobic pace.
Chud's designed the first few weeks of my training based on heart rates and times, not distances (see the plan here) . And while the heart-rate monitor pumps out the information they need about my heart-rate zones, I'm learning a lot about my inner dialogue.
As I run, we talk about foot strikes, posture and the importance of running tall. Every so often I announce that I feel like dying. Chud checks my heart rate. "You're golden, no dying here," they say.
My heart is fine and holding at about 165 beats a minute in zone 2 – where I could, they say, physically run forever if I was refuelling. Try telling that to my mom.
So I keep running, and we talk about proper running form and how to breathe when you're tired. "Runners with great breathing technique will always look the worst in those finish-line photos," Chud tells me. "With a very relaxed face, you breathe easier." I relax my face and immediately note I look stupid in the mirror, but he's right – the slack jaw helps.
With three minutes left, Chud tells me that we can start focusing on the finish. I still can't do it. There's that voice again: "What's three minutes? Just relax now – you've worked really hard!"
Instead, I trust my heart-rate monitor. I bought a Garmin Forerunner, so I can track my heart rate on my wristwatch. I can see that my body is happy in motion.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
After finishing three runs this week, and nearly two hours of running, I feel accomplished. Getting my brain on board with my body is a huge step. For now, Mom, I've got you beat.
Follow me on Twitter here, and tweet running tips and advice with #globeruns
Follow @amberlym on Twitter and tweet feedback and tips with
#globeruns
As Liberals gather in Edmonton this week for their summer caucus, a new poll shows Justin Trudeau has widened their lead over Stephen Harper on who Canadians prefer to be prime minister.
The poll, one of the questions of the weekly Nanos Party Power Index that surveys 1,000 Canadians every month and was last out of the field on August 15, found that 31.8 per cent preferred Trudeau for the top job. That compared to 25.5 per cent for Harper, 18.7 per cent for Thomas Mulcair, and 6.3 per cent for Elizabeth May.
Trudeau and Harper have generally been in a much closer contest in Nanos' rolling four-week survey. Over the last 12 months, Trudeau has averaged 29.6 per cent support against 28.6 per cent for Harper. But Trudeau is now more than six points ahead of the prime minister.
And it is not just that Harper is performing below average — they are also near their lowest level of support over the last year (25.2 per cent). The Conservative leader has been plunging of late, as three months ago it was Harper who had 31 per cent support on who Canadians preferred as their leader.
Mulcair is currently polling slightly above their average of 17.9 per cent, but has been unable to close the gap significantly over the two other leaders.
But on another score, the New Democrats are polling above the Tories. Just 36.1 per cent of respondents said they would consider voting for the Conservative Party, a ceiling that puts them well below their electoral performances of 2008 and 2011. By contrast, 44.3 per cent said they would consider voting for the NDP, much better than the party's all-time best result of the last election.
The Liberals, however, are well above the others with 53.5 per cent of Canadians saying they would consider voting for the party. That gives the Liberals tremendous room for growth, and undoubtedly that potential is coming from both sides of the political spectrum.
It makes the goal of 170 seats that Liberals touted at their summer caucus — the number required to form a majority government — a plausible one. Of course, Liberals are not going to get the vote of every Canadian who says they would consider voting for the party. But 40 per cent, for instance, would make a majority government possible and is well below the current ceiling recorded in the Nanos poll.
The New Democrats, with their ceiling above that 40 per cent mark, can be optimistic. Enough Canadians would consider voting for the party to propel it into government, and that is half the battle. But Mulcair is still trailing Trudeau at length on who would make the best prime minister. While Mulcair is behind on this score, voters who would consider voting for either the Liberals or the NDP will default to Trudeau's party.
Éric Grenier taps The Pulse of federal and regional politics for Huffington Post Canada readers every week. Grenier is the author of ThreeHundredEight.com, covering Canadian politics, polls and electoral projections.
Like Us On Facebook
Also on HuffPost
After eight years of Barack Obama putting their office into permanent campaign mode while keeping their campaign machinery in constant operation, NPR is accusing Donald J. Trump of waging a “permanent campaign.”
In a February 17 article, NPR's Ron Elving claimed that the American people are tired of presidential campaigns that last too long, but “Now, they are confronted with one that refuses to end — even after reaching the White House.”
Elving's attack on Trump came in response to the President's often combative February 15 press conference that the NPR Washington correspondent described with a simple “Wow.”
After noting the criticism of the presser published by various news outlets, Elving then complained that Trump used “I” or “me” or “the royal we” too often during their presentation.
The NPR staffer then went on to say, “The president often seemed to be responding in the manner of a candidate.” They added, “The campaign mode continues this weekend, with the president again rallying like it's 2016.”
Elving suggested that Trump might be being using this “permanent campaign” as a tactic to keep their policy ideas at the front of the political discussion.
“Or perhaps the campaign continues because it continues,” Elving said as they wrapped up. “The president does not yet seem comfortable in their new office with all the crosswinds and complications of divided powers and shared responsibilities.”
Perhaps Elving has been in a coma since 2007, when Obama launched a campaign for president that didn't end until they left office on January 20, 2017. Obama spent eight years being hit with charges that they never stopped campaigning, It was one of the most common criticisms of the Obama presidency.
In fact, Obama kept their campaign apparatus, Organizing for America, in operation even after what they claimed would be their “last election.” In December of 2012, for instance, The Observer remarked that OFA was still soliciting contributions months after Obama won their second term.
Indeed, OFA is up and running today, aiming to undermine Donald Trump — and many are making note of it. Obama continues to issue tweets using the OFA Twitter account,and gives marching orders to their OFA army, even in reputed retirement.
In August of 2009, former George W. Bush political advisor Karl Rove charged that Obama was continuing to use “divisive,” and “permanent campaign tactics” despite easily winning their election. The Washington Times observed the same thing.
The claim was not made only by disgruntled conservatives or center-right news sources, either.
In 2013 The New York Times wrote that Obama's “campaign without end” was fundraising in an “unprecedented” manner.
Before that, the Washington Post's Dana Milbank commented on the issue in May of 2012, saying that Obama had “embraced the permanent campaign” and was flying all across the country leading campaign-style rallies to push their agenda.
“To a greater extent than their predecessors, Obama has used the trappings of their office to promote their reelection prospects even while handling taxpayer-funded business,” Milbank wrote.
In addition, several left-wing websites and commentators actually celebrated Obama for using campaign tactics to continue to sell their ideas. MSNBC praised Obama for “putting the permanent campaign to good use,” and The Atlantic marveled that Obama's “permanent campaign” was using their “reelection playbook to change Washington.”
With all this, it is interesting that today NPR's Ron Elving seems to have only just noticed that a president is perpetrating a “permanent campaign” to keep their policies on track to completion.
Finally, it was rather tone deaf for Elving to criticize Donald Trump for using “I” and “me” too much, coming off the last eight years of a president famous for their narcissistic references to themselves in every appearance. Despite mocking the penchant of the center-right press for keeping count of their self-referential habits, The Washington Post recently published a piece noting just how often Obama talked about himself.
After all, Barack Obama was the president so enthralled with themselves that they gave the Queen of England the dubious gift of an iPod filled with Barack Obama speeches.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Contracts for May 19, 2017
CONTRACTS
AIR FORCE
United Launch Services LLC, Centennial, Colorado, has been awarded a $208,140,481 modification (P00163) to previously awarded contract FA8811-13-C-0003 for launch vehicle production services. This is under the requirements contract terms of the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) Phase I contract for contract terms of EELV launch capability. contractor will execute a requirement for fiscal 2017 for the launch vehicle configuration of an Atlas V 551, an additional solid rocket booster for an Atlas V 551, transportation, and incremental funding for ELC fiscal 17 option. This modification adds a pre-priced contract line item for the Atlas V 551 LV configuration. Work will be performed at Centennial, Colorado; Decatur, Alabama; and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2019. Fiscal 2017 space procurement funds in the amount of $208,140,481 are being obligated at the time of award. Space and Missile Systems Center, Los Angeles Air Force Base, California, is the contracting activity.
Aerospace Engineering and Support, Ogden, Utah (FA8224-17-D-0005); AllSource Global Management, Sierra Vista, Arizona (FA8224-17-D-0006); SierTek, Beavercreek, Ohio (FA8224-17-D-0007); Young's Engineering Services, Syracuse, Utah (FA8224-17-D-0008), have been awarded a combined, not-to-exceed $95,000,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for overhead production services. Contractors will provide business, management and production operations for depot maintenance to include planners, schedulers, production support technicians, production material technicians, analysts and other similar functions. Work will be performed at Hill Air Force Base, Utah; and Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, and is expected to be complete by May 18, 2023. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with eight offers received. Fiscal 2017 consolidated sustainment activity group – maintenance funds in the amount of $2,500 are being obligated to each contractor at the time of award. Air Force Sustainment Center, Hill Air Force Base, Utah, is the contracting activity.
L-3 Link Simulation and Training, Arlington, Texas, has been awarded a $13,946,359 modification (P00071) to previously awarded contract FA8621-13-C-6323 for Predator Mission Aircrew Training System (PMATS) Blue Box High Definition (BBHD) retrofit upgrade. Contractor will retrofit 26 fielded PMATS devices to the BBHD configuration. Work will be performed at Arlington, Texas, and is expected to be complete by Aug. 17, 2018. Fiscal 2015 missile procurement funds in the amount of $13,946,359 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity.
Southwest Research Institute, San Antonio, Texas, has been awarded a not-to-exceed $13,139,976 cost-reimbursement (cost-plus-fixed-fee and cost-reimbursement-no-fee), indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for engineering services in support of AN/ALQ-131 and AN/ALQ-184 electronic attack pods. Contractor will provide software test, software studies and analyses, software engineering, software support, test support, and system test and evaluation. Work will be performed at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, and is expected to be complete by May 16, 2022. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $2,771,890 are being obligated at the time of award for the first task order. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity (FA8523-17-D-0003).
NAVY
Lockheed Martin Corp., Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co., Fort Worth, Texas, is being awarded a $137,834,819 modification to a previously awarded cost-plus-incentive-fee contract (N00019-14-C-0002) to provide additional funding for affordability-based cost reduction initiatives in support of low-rate initial production Lot 9 F-35 Lightening II Joint Strike Fighter. Work will be performed in Fort Worth, Texas (30 percent); El Segundo, California (25 percent); Warton, United Kingdom (20 percent); Orlando, Florida (10 percent); Nashua, New Hampshire (5 percent); Nagoya, Japan (5 percent); and Baltimore, Maryland (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in December 2020. Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement (Air Force, Marine Corps, and Navy) funds in the amount of $137,834,819 are being obligated on this award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. This modification combines purchases for the Air Force ($110,267,856; 80 percent); Marine Corps ($22,554,788; 16.4 percent); and the Navy ($5,012,175 (3.6 percent). The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.
Gentex Corp., Simpson, Pennsylvania, is being awarded a $51,422,600 firm-fixed-price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract for the purchase of up to a maximum 84,376 enhanced combat helmets and data reports. Work will be performed in Simpson, Pennsylvania, and is expected to be complete by May 2022. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Marine Corps) funds in the amount of $9,999,990 will be obligated on the first delivery order immediately following contract award and funds will expire the end of the current fiscal year. This contract was competitively procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with three offers received. The Marine Corps Systems Command, Quantico, Virginia, is the contracting activity (M67854-17-D-1221).
General Dynamics Electric Boat Corp., Groton, Connecticut, is being awarded a $32,700,000 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification under a previously awarded contract (N00024-13-C-2128) for continued design support requirements for Columbia Class Submarine (formerly known as the Ohio Replacement). This contract includes shipbuilder and vendor technology development; engineering integration; concept design studies; cost reduction initiatives using a design for affordability process; and full scale prototype manufacturing and assembly. Additionally, this contract provides for engineering analysis, should-cost evaluations, and technology development and integration efforts. Work will be performed in Groton, Connecticut (91 percent); Newport News, Virginia (7 percent); Quonset, Rhode Island (1 percent); and Bath, Maine (1 percent), and is expected to be completed by June 2017. Fiscal 2017 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $32,700,000 will be obligated at time of award and contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.
L3 Computer Sciences Corp., Millersville, Maryland, is being awarded a $13,592,178 fixed-price-incentive firm undefinitized contract action modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-15-C-6275) to exercise an option for the procurement of six TB-29A compact towed array production representative units. Work will be performed in Millersville, Maryland (41 percent); Liverpool, New York (38 percent); and Ashaway, Rhode Island (21 percent), and is expected to be completed by September 2018. Fiscal 2016 other procurement (Navy) funding in the amount of $13,592,178 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.
Lockheed Martin Corp., Rotary and Mission Systems, Manassas, Virginia, is being awarded an $11,029,399 cost-plus-incentive-fee, cost modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-11-C-6294) for the accomplishment of engineering services under the Acoustic Rapid Commercial-Off-The-Shelf Insertion System program. This contract involves foreign military sales (FMS) to Canada (100 percent). Work will be performed in Manassas, Virginia (80 percent); and Dartmouth, Canada (20 percent), and is expected to be completed by December 2017. FMS funding in the amount $2,066,150 will be obligated at the time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington Navy Yard, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.
Raytheon Co., El Segundo, California, is being awarded $7,183,792 for firm-fixed-price delivery order 0009 under a previously awarded basic ordering agreement (N00383-15-G-003H) for the repair of nine multi-functional antenna assemblies used in support of the F-18 Active Electronically Scanned Array Radar System. Work will be performed in Forest, Mississippi, and is expected to be completed by Dec. 2018. Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement (Navy) in the amount of $7,183,792 will be obligated at time of award, and funds will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. This contract was a sole-source pursuant to the authority set forth in 10 U.S. Code 2304(C)(1), and Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1. The requirement was posted to the Federal Business Opportunities website and the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with one offer received. Naval Supply Systems Command Weapon Systems Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the contracting activity.
MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY
Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Moorestown, New Jersey, was awarded a $20,000,000 modification (P00246) to a previously awarded cost-plus-award-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee contract HQ0276-10-C-0001 to exercise option contract line item number (CLIN) 0110. This modification increases the total cumulative contract value to $2,530,887,742 from $2,510,887,742. Under this modification, the contractor will provide support of advanced concept initiatives by the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (ABMD) Program Office to identify technology for introduction into present and future ABMD baselines and upgrades. The work will be performed in Moorestown, New Jersey, with an expected completion date of Oct. 27, 2019. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $3,000,000 for CLIN 0110 will be obligated at the time of award, and will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Missile Defense Agency, Dahlgren, Virginia, is the contracting activity.
ARMY
Accenture Federal Services, Arlington, Virginia, was awarded a $59,459,062 modification (D00397) to contract N00104-04-A-ZF12 for maintenance and operations of the General Fund Enterprise Business System year-end activities, baseline delivery, and release delivery. Work will be performed in Arlington, Virginia, with an estimated completion date of July 31, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $3,096,426 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Rock Island Arsenal, Illinois, is the contracting activity.
MOCA Systems,* Newton, Massachusetts, was awarded a $25,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for cost engineering services in support of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' nationwide cost engineering projects. Bids were solicited via the Internet with eight received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of May 18, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Walla Walla, Washington, is the contracting activity (W912EF-17-D-0012).
*Small business
The LG Nexus 5X is the Nexus phone for the fans, and if you're buying Google's smaller-sized Android Marshmallow, you'll be happy to know that it's also pretty easy to fix. iFixit has torn one open and found that many of the 5X's internal components are modular and, if they somehow break, can be swapped out individually. The Nexus 5X has regular Philips screws throughout, so you've probably already got the necessary tools for any repairs. The one downside is that, just like almost every other smartphone on the market today, the 5X has a fused display which requires replacing the cover glass and LCD together if either breaks or malfunctions. And if your USB Type-C port somehow fails, that'll likely necessitate a brand-new motherboard. But pretty much everything else in here can be fixed without incident, including that super fast Nexus Imprint sensor.
With great draft picks comes great responsibility. Every single day the airwaves seem to be pelted by claims of "Bill O'Brien prefers this" or "Bill O'Brien can work with that", yet no one ever seems to take any time to sit down and actually listen to the man himself. In the daily frenzy of George O'Leary connections and Johnny Manzealotry, a few key points have gone largely unnoticed:
1) Bill O'Brien has never once said that they prefer larger quarterbacks. Sure, it is awesome to get someone who is 6'5", but then again, in the history of the sport has there ever been an NFL team actively searching for someone who is 6'1" or under? At the end of the day, size is a perk, not a deal-breaker.
2) Mobility, while another nice bell and/or whistle that adds to the package, is not a requirement. This is not a primarily boot-action offense like in Seattle that will give a guy like Russell Wilson opportunities to make plays in space while rolling out. Nor are there tons of read-option elements thrown in like in San Francisco. Does it help to be able to run those? Yes, of course. Does it matter if O'Brien does not have someone who can do it? Absolutely not.
3) Intelligence is what O'Brien craves above all else. An O'Brien quarterback must be smart. Period. End of story. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. Billy O' said it best themselves last summer at the Nike Coach of the Year Clinic.
"These are just some things that I believe in. I think when you're out there and you're thinking about whom the quarterback of your team is, they have to have a few things. Number one, and don't laugh, they've got to be able to throw the ball accurately. If you tell them to put it somewhere, they've got to be able to put it there, and they've got to be able to work at it to improve their accuracy. In my opinion they don't have to be the greatest athletes in the world. If they are, that's fantastic, there's a really great example of guys that are great athletes that are really good quarterbacks in the National Football League right now – Kaepernick, Russell Wilson, RG3. Those three guys can throw the football. Remember that first, they're accurate passers. So they have to be able to throw. They've got to be able to make good decisions. They have to be able to be good decision makers. And you can judge a lot of that off the field. You can watch how these guys do things and carry themselves off the field, and they'll help you when you're watching them on the field if they're making good quick decisions or they're making crappy decisions. Those are things you have to observe but they have to be able to make good decisions. This next one to me is really, really important. With all the multiplicity of the defenses these days, defenses at every level you're seeing even, odd, we call it diamond, bear defense. You're seeing bear. You're seeing overload blitz. You're seeing up the middle blitz. You're seeing man-free, blitz zero. You're seeing blitz zone, from the field, from the boundary. With all that, in my opinion, your quarterback has to be intelligent. They have to have a great football IQ. And if they don't, if they can't learn it, then they should play another position. I'm telling you, because nowadays that guy once he's out on the field has got to be like a coach on the field. They have to understand what you want, how you want to attack the defense, and he's got to understand football. In order to do it, he's got to put work in."
A Bill O'Brien quarterback must be a perfectionist in both the physical and mental aspects of the position. When standing at the line of scrimmage, they are the one calling protections; they are the one adjusting individual routes for all of their receivers. The deep system of "check with me's" is so much more than just simply changing a pass play to a run play; in fact, the quarterback has the power to turn a pass play into any play. If they smell blitz, it is the quarterback's job to identify the Mike, call out new protections, adjust routes accordingly based on the direction and manner of the diagnosed pressure package, communicate "hot" assignments to receivers on both sides, receive the snap, look for blitzers to make sure they do not have to throw hot, locate post-snap coverage, determine whether or not your receivers are going to adjust their routes based on that coverage, and then deliver an accurate football somewhere within the span of fifteen seconds. For those wondering what this offense is capable of when humming behind a signal caller that can do all of that at a high level, it looks something like the Patriots making the Super Bowl while carrying a historically bad defense.
The quarterback is given freedom to move their chess pieces at will based on the defensive looks they get, and the moves they make will be determined on a week-to-week basis by O'Brien's game plan. It is free form offensive football at its finest, but not just anyone can do it. In order to be a successful passer under Bill O'Brien, the quarterback must first learn how to protect themselves by understanding how to direct their offensive line effectively.
As you probably surmised, the center does not call the protections in this offense; there is no committee handling all the mental work at the line of scrimmage. If the quarterback does not do it, it does not get done. The huge mental load placed on the quarterback to not only call their own protections, but also to call the right protections is why O'Brien emphasizes teaching their offensive players all about defense every single week before they ever dives into implementing an offensive game plan. Once a quarterback understands how to read the defense in front of him, they can turn chess into checkers.
"When you break the huddle at quarterback, you have to think high to low. You can't think low to high. I don't care if it's a run or a pass. Train your quarterback [when they break the huddle] to say ‘Where are the safeties?' Find the safeties. I always tell the kid to find the weak safety, find the strong safety. Just train the kid to find the safeties. Corners, you guys all know the corners on your team. They're the sneaky dudes, man. They're the guys, they got a lot of bravado, and they're confident, and they're the ones that can lie to you. I safeties, those are the guys that direct the show back there. They can lie to you too, don't get me wrong, but you've got to locate them because whether it's pre-snap or post-snap, they're going to tell you about what the defense is doing. So here's what we say. I'm just talking about two high right now, but if the safeties are twelve yards deep and they're somewhat off the hash, more than likely they're playing cover two. If they're eight to ten yards deep and they're over your number two receivers, more than likely they're playing cover four. If they're under eight yards, those two safeties, and maybe the weak safety is cheating to number three or maybe he's over number two weak. If they're under eight yards or they're hovering in that shallow area, something's up…it's blitz zero – especially if it's empty."
"[If] we put the running back out there as the widest receiver and the corner just bumps out, well, you know it's zone coverage. If you get empty and you put the back out there on one side or the other as the widest receiver and a linebacker goes out there with him, it's some type of man coverage. If a safety goes out there with him, it's some type of man coverage and it's probably blitz so that they leave the linebackers in the box because they're going to blitz him. "
If a quarterback does not understand how defense works in the Bill O'Brien system, they will fail. This is not some new age pistol attack that can make up for having an underdeveloped quarterback by exploiting athleticism and sleight of hand. This is an offense that is based around maintaining tempo, outsmarting the enemy, striking weaknesses without mercy, and always having a counter punch dialed up when they try to strike back. Nothing, and I mean nothing, will cover up for poor decision-making skills in this scheme whether those poor decisions are made while calling protections, adjusting routes, or delivering the ball. If the quarterback does not have the capacity to win pre-snap, they do not have a good chance of winning post-snap.
Beyond O'Brien's tendency to rely heavily on the cerebral capacity of their quarterbacks, they also have an affinity for personnel groupings that provide multiplicity and flexibility. The more things that the offense can do from one personnel package, the faster the pace they can run plays. If a player can do one role well, they might make the team; if they can do three roles well, they are a starter. Flexibility like that is why the Texans may take a hard look at a fullback/tight end hybrid like Gerald Christian, a big and powerful tight end who can block well like C.J. Fiedorowicz, or an open space weapon like De'Anthony Thomas who can be moved from slot receiver to running back at will, just for the sake of infuriating defensive coordinators.
"Whether it's high school, college, or even the pros, you have to make sure that you have like five or six base concepts, and in those five or six base concepts you've got to be able to move people around. So you have to have different personnel groups in my opinion. So your backs, who are your best pass receiving backs? Who are your best pass receiving tight ends? Who are your quicker receivers? But we've got to have about five or six concepts where the guys can move around within the concept and know what to do. Don't worry about figuring out how we call routes, just know that we call a route at Penn State from the strength of the formation to the weak side of the formation."
"I really believe in word association. I've been in both systems. Charlie and I were in a system in Maryland where it was five-eight-five, six-two-eight, six-seven-eight and all that, and that was a great system. And then when I went here, it was the words, so the thing that I liked about the words is that it gave you the ability to create new routes. Your guys understood that we're going to call this, we're going to call this Gotti. Gotti…a ‘go' and an ‘option' route. And then the next one we're going to call Hoffa. Hoffa now is a deeper option route and a stutter-go on the outside. But they would associate things by these words and I thought that was a good way and it gave you a little bit more creativity in the offense."
As tantalizing as a defense with J.J. Watt, Brian Cushing, and Jadeveon Clowney may sound, it could be the offense that steals the show in Houston. Bill O'Brien's nigh unstoppable war machine in New England was a cold blooded killer that left team after team in its wake. When looking at an offensive arsenal in Houston that includes Andre Johnson, DeAndre Hopkins, Arian Foster, Owen Daniels, Garrett Graham, DeVier Posey, and Ryan Griffin, it is not hard to get excited about the potentially astronomical numbers that could be put up this coming season. All Bill O'Brien needs to burn the AFC to the ground is a quarterback that is accurate, tough, is obsessed with football , and was taught how to read a defense before they ever cracked open their offensive play book.
Someone who fits that description sure sounds like a Bill O'Brien quarterback to me.
Senior BJP leader, Subramanian Swamy is believed to have been offered the post of Vice Chancellor of prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi.
A ccording to PTI, the offer has come direcrly from the HRD Minister, Smriti Irani but Swamy has reportedly asked for certain conditions to be met before they could accept this offer.
It's not clear what their reservations are, but the reported offer will become hugely controversial as the HRD ministry is yet to appoint individuals who will form whats known as search-cum-appointment committee to appoint the VC.
The current VC's term ends in January next year. Should Swamy accepts this offer, it will be quite an interesting appointment of right leaning hardcore politician as VC in an institution known for its left leaning intellectual wisdom.
More to follow..
Lyndall Fraker (Photo: Submitted)
A group funded by a St. Louis billionaire wants to own the Missouri House, a Marshfield Republican lawmaker says.
Rep. Lyndall Fraker is accusing the organization of attacking the character of several representatives.
Fraker said in a Facebook post this week that the character of four of their fellow House members is being attacked in radio ads funded by the Missouri Club for Growth, a group funded almost entirely by Rex Sinquefield, a retired business person and philanthropist.
The four House members — including Rep. Jeff Messenger of Republic — face primary opponents who have received campaign support from the Club for Growth.
In June, the Club for Growth gave Loren Hunt, who is running against Messenger, $25,000. That donation accounts for 97 percent of Hunt's entire campaign haul, according to a recent Missouri Ethics Commission report.
The Club for Growth is supporting Hunt's campaign after Messenger voted against overriding Gov. Jay Nixon's veto of legislation that contained an income tax cut in 2013 — House Bill 253. Sinquefield, whose ultimate aim is to eliminate the income tax in Missouri, poured hundreds of thousands of dollars into efforts supporting a veto override.
The organization is now paying for radio ads that have aired in Springfield criticizing Messenger for their vote.
"The radio advertisements are now attacking the character of these fine men. It is sad that these guys that have served their communities all of their lives are being slandered," Fraker said in the post.
Fraker wrote that they hope voters support Messenger and the other lawmakers facing challengers.
"Some are afraid to stand up and say anything because they are afraid of these outside interest groups. But friends can't stand by and let this character assignation (sic) occur. God speed my courageous friends," Fraker said.
Club for Growth spokesperson Todd Abrajano issued a statement in response.
"Lyndall Fraker, Jeff Messenger, and their other fiscally liberal comrades in the state legislature have horrendous voting records that include denying hard-working families robust tax relief and supporting tax hikes on low-income seniors and disabled people," Abrajano said. "Rather than attacking conservatives that expose them for who they really are, these politicians need to be honest and take responsibility for their own actions."
In a News-Leader interview last week, Hunt embraced the Club for Growth and welcomed its support. They said they and the group are "like-minded."
"I'm a true constitutional conservative, and I think the key to a lot of our social issues is economic growth and I would agree with everything the Missouri Club for Growth stands for," Hunt said.
Fraker themselves does not have a primary challenger, though they also voted against overriding the House Bill 253 veto. They will face Democrat Sandy Grogan and Libertarian Bill Boone in the November general election.
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/1rDNTsc
Twitch Expands to Live Cooking with Justin Warner
Justin Warner is a professional chef, notably winning the 8th season of Food Network Star on the Food Network. Now it looks like they will return to video with a new live show hosted on Twitch called ChefShock. Twitch, recently acquired by Amazon, has been making several moves to expand beyond simply gaming. This is another step in this plan.
The show itself is fairly straightforward. Users can obtain ingredients and cook along with Justin. This can be done ahead of time or through a home delivery service. The show, which officially started this week, retains a retro-gaming look with pixelated graphics and text popups for new subscribers. Each day seems to have specific themes: Meaty Monday, Tricked-Out Tuesday, Vegan Vednesday, and Thrifty Thursday are some examples.
If you're into cooking, this may be a channel you're interested in watching. It's hard to say how successful the show will become. In the past week there have been over 300,000 total channel views and over three thousand subscribers, which may be enough for the inexpensive show, but it may not be enough interest long-term.
Twitch can be downloaded to your Android TV so you can stream cooking live.
Update: Previously we stated each video only have hundreds of views. This seems to be incorrect when looking at the total channel views. It's possible that Twitch's view counter is not up to date.
Nick Felker is a student Electrical & Computer Engineering student at Rowan University (C/O 2017) and the student IEEE webmaster. When he's not studying, they are a software developer for the web and Android (Felker Tech). They have several open source projects on GitHub (http://github.com/fleker) Devices: Moto G-2013 Moto G-2015, Moto 360, Google ADT-1, Nexus 7-2013 (x2), Lenovo Laptop, Custom Desktop. Although they were an intern at Google, the content of this blog is entirely independent and their own thoughts. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
Updated on 10/12/15
The SQL Server engineering team is pleased to announce the immediate availability of SQL Server 2016 September public preview release CTP 2.4. This release advances the “Cloud First” tenet; the build has already been deployed to SQL Azure Database worldwide.
To learn more about the release, visit the SQL Server 2016 preview page. To experience the new, exciting features in SQL Server 2016 and the new rapid release model, download the preview or try the preview by using a virtual machine in Microsoft Azure and start evaluating the impact these new innovations can have for your business.
Have questions? Join the discussion of the new SQL Server 2016 capabilities at MSDN and Stack Overflow. If you run into an issue or would like to make a suggestion, you can let us know using Microsoft's Connect tool. We look forward to hearing from you.
Operational Analytics and In-Memory Data Warehouse improvements in this release include:
1. Frictionless operational analytics. Existing nonclustered columnstore indices (NCCI) are updateable without requiring index rebuild.
2. Parallel Index build of nonclustered columnstore index (NCCI). Starting with CTP 2.4, NCCI can now be built in parallel, leveraging available cores/logical processors available on the server for significant performance improvement.
3. INSERT operations performance in delta Rowgroup. Prior to CTP2.4, the delta rowgroup data was PAGE compressed, which added overhead for Insert operations. With CTP2.4, the data in delta rowgroup is no longer PAGE compressed.
4. Better query performance with nonclustered columnstore index (NCCI).
a. String predicate pushdown.
b. Improved query path when processing deleted rows by bypassing delete buffer when possible.
x86 server deprecation – Starting with the CTP 2.4 release, we have removed x86 server from SQL Server 2016 starting with CTP2.4 release, although all the x86 client tools and components are still available. Extensive customer research has shown that the x86 server instance has no adoption in new server deployments, primarily because server hardware have evolved to be x64 only. At setup, if you select the x86 option, you will only be able to install client components.
SQL Server Smart Maintenance Plans for effective database maintenance.
Multi-TB SQL Server databases have become commonplace; at the same time, the global business economy demands increased database availability, consequently narrowing allowed maintenance windows. Frequently, the traditional plans of maintaining database no longer not fit inside customers' narrow maintenance windows. Running past the maintenance window can cause poor application performance, which in turn can lead to ever-increasing infrastructure and operational costs for the customer and can negatively affect business efficiency. Smart Maintenance Plan integrates best practices, and can identify optimal strategies on the fly. Changes can be made to existing maintenance plan allow it to scale with the database.
1. Consistency-checking strategy: based on database and table sizes to distribute the task across different maintenance windows. More options are added to the user controlled consistency-checking tasks UI.
2. Index and statistics maintenance strategy: based on index size/page count, degree of fragmentation, and usage frequency to decide what operations to perform. More options are exposed in Rebuild as well as Reorganize index tasks UI for better usability:
Tempdb scalability improvement creates multiple files during setup based on number of cores, this will reduce allocation contention on system pages in tempdb. The improvement also includes optimistic latching of system pages when dropping temp tables. SQL Server 2016 CTP 2.4 setup provides a separate tab for tempdb configuration. You can choose number of tempdb files, and customize initial and auto-growth size for tempdb files.
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) improvements in this release include:
Complex data feed including Data Streaming destination. Balanced data distributor (BDD). Excel 2013 source and destination (requires Access runtime 2013). AlwaysOn support. oData v4 source component in addition to oData v3.
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) improvements in this release include:
Design-time control over layout of report parameters, including the ability to have more than two columns of parameters and to control the position of each parameter within the Parameters pane. Export to PowerPoint. A new printing feature that works across modern browsers and doesn't require installing an ActiveX control.
You can read the Reporting Services blog to learn more about these improvements.
Kirsty Young's castaway this week is the director, producer and writer, John Lloyd.
Their work has been making us laugh for over thirty years: Spitting Image, Not The Nine o'Clock News, Blackadder and QI are just a handful of the programmes he's helped to create. If the comedy work ever dries up they could open a shop selling second hand Baftas - he's won a stack of them and a Grammy and an Emmy.
Which isn't to say it's been an easy ride - fall outs, multiple sackings and missed opportunities have peppered their stellar career in comedy. They say,
"I like starting things ... there are starters and finishers in life, that's the great divide ... I like the fight and the passion and the difficulty - well I don't like it, but it's what I do".
Producer: Cathy Drysdale.
(Corrects timeframe, name of official in final paragraph)
By Yawen Chen and Sue-Lin Wong
BEIJING, Aug 31 (Reuters) - Canada will apply to join the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, or AIIB, Canadian and bank officials said on Wednesday, making it the latest ally of the United States to join the new international development bank.
The multilateral institution, seen as a rival to the Western-dominated World Bank and Asian Development Bank, was initially opposed by the United States but attracted many U.S. allies including Britain, Germany, Australia and South Korea as founding members.
Japan and the United States are the most prominent countries not represented in the bank.
“This is really for us, as a new government, the earliest possibility at which we could indicate our interest,” Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau said in response to a question why Canada was only applying to join the bank now.
“We believe the bank is clearly showing that it's going to be a highly effective multilateral institution,” they added.
Morneau is on a trip to China with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau seeking to deepen ties with the world's second-largest economy, a distinct change from former Prime Minister Stephen Harper's more cautious approach to China.
“The Canadians' decision to join this bank will greatly strengthen the management of this institution,” AIIB President Jin Liqun told reporters.
“We can see that the U.S.'s attitude towards AIIB is showing signs of changing, as it's encouraging the World Bank to cooperate more with the AIIB,” Jin added.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest told reporters on Air Force One on Wednesday that U.S. and Canadian officials had been in touch on the issue. “We know that Canada shares our views about the importance of transparency and good governance when it comes to these kinds of international institutions,” Earnest said.
Ultimately it will be a “good thing” if Canada joins the AIIB, as it advocates for such governance, they added. Earnest said they were not aware of any U.S. plans to join the organization.
Canada will submit its application to join the AIIB by the end of September 2016, said Daniel Lauzon, a Canadian Finance Ministry official. (Reporting by Yawen Chen and Sue-Lin Wong; Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton on Air Force One and Timothy Gardner in Washington; Writing by Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Peter Cooney)
Forty percent of mothers, who have directly breastfed in public, have had unpleasant experiences, a survey by the Hong Kong Committee for the United Nations Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) has shown.
Of those breastfeeding mothers, 90 percent said they were stared at, 30 percent were advised to breastfeed in other places, and some of them were stopped in their tracks and complained to.
The results came from an online survey about breastfeeding on public premises. Over 80 percent of the 3,545 mothers surveyed said that they had breastfed in public.
The NGO said the survey also showed that mothers would be more encouraged to breastfeed in public if there was more support and acceptance from the general public, and more breastfeeding-friendly policies implemented around public premises.
It added that nearly all mothers would be more willing to breastfeed directly in public, if shopping malls welcomed them to breastfeed anywhere and at anytime.
#SayYestoBreastfeeding
Secretary for Food and Health Ko Wing-man said the the government supported public breastfeeding. They were attending a UNICEF HK event on Thursday to inaugurate a breastfeeding-friendly shopping mall.
Citing a Department of Health survey last year, Ko said 80 percent of the 2,000 respondents said they accepted mothers breastfeeding next to them, and that they agreed breastfeeding-friendly measures should be improved.
“With the launch of the Breastfeeding Friendly Mall, we wish to encourage more public premises to create a breastfeeding friendly environment to provide all round support to mothers,” Ko said.
Ko added after the event that the government had been working with the culinary industry to launch measures to allow mothers to breastfeed inside restaurants.
UNICEF HK launched a “Say Yes to Breastfeeding” campaign in August 2015, in collaboration with the Food and Health Bureau and the Department of Health, to mobilise different sectors of the community to support mothers.
Over 60 corporations have pledged to become breastfeeding-friendly workplaces, whilst more than 60 restaurants in 17 districts in Hong Kong joined as breastfeeding-friendly public premises. Shopping malls were added recently.
“A little step by shopping malls can be a big leap for promoting breastfeeding. We sincerely believe that it can be done by every shopping mall in Hong Kong,” said Judy Chen, chairperson of UNICEF HK.
Increasingly, Gov. Bobby Jindal is being likened to Kenneth, the dweeby page on '30 Rock.' | Composite image by POLITICO Jindal's Kenneth problem
Bobby Jindal has a wunderkind resume: a Rhodes Scholar appointed assistant secretary of Health and Human Services at age 29, elected to the U.S. House at 33 and governor of Louisiana at 36.
Increasingly, though, he's being likened to Kenneth, the dweeby page on “30 Rock.”
Story Continued Below
The politically devastating comparisons started popping right up after Jindal delivered the Republican response to President Barack Obama's address a joint session of Congress. And they've spread like wildfire on the Internet.
“Close your eyes and think of Kenneth from ‘30 Rock.' I can barely count the number of e-mails making that observation,” Andrew Sullivan wrote on their blog minutes after Jindal's speech. The comparison was also made that night by Talking Points Memo, The Huffington Post and Gawker.
Now the wunderkind governor, who's often mentioned as a GOP presidential prospect, is struggling to overcome their association with this generation's version of Gomer Pyle. And their predicament is organic, as opposed to the biting parodies of Sarah Palin on “Saturday Night Live.”
Several Facebook groups dedicated to the comparison have sprung up. The latest, “Bobby Jindal is Kenneth the Page,” had more than 20,000 members on Friday. In comparison, nearly 34,000 people list themselves as fans of Jindal on the social networking site.
Nine YouTube videos splicing the governor's speech with clips of Kenneth the Page have been viewed by at least 10,000 people and the video of the Kenneth responding to Jindal on “Late Night” in which they call Jindal a “goober” was featured prominently on The Huffington Post and other sites.
“These parodies take hold very, very quickly,” said Michael W. Robinson, a senior vice president at Levick Strategic Communications and former communications director for the Justice Department in the last Bush administration. “If [Jindal] doesn't address this quickly the caricature will become the character.”
In Louisiana, the governor's communications director sought to play down the comparisons.
“Being compared to Kenneth the Page is a whole lot better than what past Louisiana governors have been compared to,” Melissa Sellers said. “Kenneth sounds like Clark Gable.”
The content of Jindal's speech was not the major issue, though it was also panned by some. It was their appearance and awkward delivery from the Louisiana Governor's Mansion in Baton Rouge.
“The Internet is abuzz with comparisons of Jindal to ‘Kenneth the Page,' the naive, irretrievably nerdy bumpkin from the NBC comedy ‘30 Rock,'” wrote Mary Katherine Ham on the Weekly Standard's blog.
“The comparison is unfortunate for several reasons, not least of all because it signals the undue influence of Tina Fey on national politics may continue unabated. It's also catchy, and was not terribly unfair after last night's speech,” they said. “But on any other day of their career, it would have been a total mischaracterization of their skills, which are considerable.”
Appearing on CNN amid all the speech fuss, Jindal told Larry King that they hoped people would “look at the content of the speech, not just the delivery.”
“You know, for years, I've been told I speak too quickly,” Jindal said. “Now, I'm told I speak too slowly.”
Pin 1 466 Shares
(ANTIMEDIA) Technology powerhouses Microsoft, IBM, Facebook, Google, and Amazon announced yesterday they have joined forces to create the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence (AI) to Benefit People and Society.
According to their website, the non-profit organization was “[e]stablished to study and formulate best practices on AI technologies, to advance the public's understanding of AI, and to serve as an open platform for discussion and engagement about AI and its influences on people and society.”
The non-profit's website shows the coalition's main goal is to show the public that these companies are conducting extensive research and developing Artificial Intelligence technology to benefit the people in an ethical manner. In order for people to want to purchase AI products when made available, they first have to trust the fundamental technology — and right now, not many people do.
It should come as no surprise that software programmed by humans, who are flawed, will reflect and even amplify those human flaws. The White House released a report in May highlighting the major potential for discrimination in “Big Data.” A quick look at the table of contents shows that mitigating discrimination is a challenge in every area. A report published by ProPublica showed risk assessment programs used by courtrooms across the nation turned up significant racial disparities, falsely labeling black defendants as future criminals at twice the rate of whites.
Though the public is skeptical of AI, most people are unaware of these shortcomings.
Even so, a poll conducted by the British Science Association shows “60 per cent think that the use of robots or programmes equipped with artificial intelligence (AI) will lead to fewer jobs within ten years, and 36 per cent of the public believe that the development of AI poses a threat to the long term survival of humanity.”
In 2014, theoretical physicist and author Stephen Hawking penned an op-ed in the Independent that cautioned against it:
“Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history. Unfortunately, it might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks. In the near term, world militaries are considering autonomous-weapon systems that can choose and eliminate targets.”
While Hawking acknowledges and praises advancements in technology using AI, which have undoubtedly improved the quality of life for many, they warned in a 2014 interview that “humans, limited by slow biological evolution, couldn't compete and would be superseded by A.I.”
In 2015, Hawking signed an open letter released at last year's International Joint Conference on AI warning that artificial intelligence could be more dangerous than nuclear weapons. They were joined by Apple, Inc. co-founder Steve Wozniak and inventor and tech mogul Elon Musk, along with thousands of other industry giants and AI researchers. The letter was put together by The Future of Life Institute and warns of the very serious dangers of AI weapons:
“If any major military power pushes ahead with AI weapon development, a global arms race is virtually inevitable, and the endpoint of this technological trajectory is obvious: autonomous weapons will become the Kalashnikovs of tomorrow. Unlike nuclear weapons, they require no costly or hard-to-obtain raw materials, so they will become ubiquitous and cheap for all significant military powers to mass-produce. It will only be a matter of time until they appear on the black market and in the hands of terrorists, dictators wishing to better control their populace, warlords wishing to perpetrate ethnic cleansing, etc. Autonomous weapons are ideal for tasks such as assassinations, destabilizing nations, subduing populations and selectively killing a particular ethnic group.”
Musk has even gone as far as to say that “[w]ith artificial intelligence we are summoning the demon,” calling AI “our biggest existential threat.” They have stated their investment in the AI research company DeepMind is intended to “just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence. I think there is potentially a dangerous outcome there.”
Even Bill Gates stated last year:
“I am in the camp that is concerned about superintelligence. First the machines will do a lot of jobs for us and not be super intelligent. That should be positive if we manage it well. A few decades after that though the intelligence is strong enough to be a concern. I agree with Elon Musk and some others on this and don't understand why some people are not concerned.”
It's important to point out the myriad ways in which AI is saving lives and improving the quality of life of millions across the globe. It's even more important to be careful not to embrace a technology that could easily slip out from under our control. Earlier this year, TechCrunch published a thought-provoking article by Doc Huston on the subject, which pointed out that “no one knows where the actual crossover point — the edge or tipping point — exists, and thus we mortals are unlikely to be able to prevent it from occurring. Said differently, there is a very high probability that we will misjudge where that crossover point is and will thus go beyond the key threshold. Overshooting is the norm in biology and in most, if not all, evolving systems, but especially human-made ones.”
While many of these AI research companies are currently conducting likely harmless research with good intentions that will be successful in mitigating threats to humans, Huston warns “there is no reason to assume…that governments and military organizations throughout the world will play by the same rules. Rather, as all history tells us, they will bend or break rules however they see fit under the claim that the ends justify the means. That is classic realpolitik — if we don't do it, ‘they' will…and we lose.”
After all, Microsoft, IBM, Facebook, Google, and Amazon already have ties to the government in one form or another, and the Department of Defense is planting firm roots in Silicon Valley.
This article (Tech Giants Team up to Sell Artificial Intelligence to the Public Despite Dire Predictions) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Josie Wales and theAntiMedia.org. Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. Image credit: Stephen Bowler. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to edits@theantimedia.org.
Pin 1 466 Shares
Álvaro Arbeloa knew. “When they opened up that little ball and the piece of paper inside said “Liverpool”, I said: ‘Group B'. I knew we'd be drawn against them.” The Real Madrid defender smiles. “Well, I don't know if I knew it or if I just really wanted it.” Either way, there it was: Real Madrid v Liverpool. The last time the two teams met was in March 2009 and Arbeloa was on the other side. Liverpool won 4-0. Now they are going back to Anfield, this time dressed in white.
They got lucky; Xabi Alonso did not. Moments after the draw, the phone rang. “It was Xabi and they were fuming. “Bloody hell, typical. How unlucky am I?'” The only consolation Arbeloa could offer was to tell Alonso they might get there with Bayern Munich. Alonso knows what he's missing; others don't yet. So Arbeloa has told them.
“I've told everyone this is an opportunity they shouldn't miss,” they say. “They're used to a stadium that holds 80,000, sure, but Anfield is la bomba, unique. It's only 45,000 and they say: ‘Well … ' and I say: ‘Well?' Those 45,000 make the atmosphere very, very special. I've told them to enjoy it. I can imagine what Anfield will be like, how they'll sing You'll Never Walk Alone and cheer every corner or throw-in close to our area as if it'll end in a goal – and I know it'll feel like that to us.”
Arbeloa has not been back since they left in the summer of 2009, four months after that 4-0, and since then they have become a world and European champion with Spain, and won the Champions League with Madrid, helping them end a 12-year wait. They and they arrive as defending champions, the wait worth it. “I read an interview with Magic Johnson saying they and LeBron James, Kobe Bryant, and Michael Jordan had to go through shitty times before becoming champions; they had missed opportunities, too,” Arbeloa says. “I could relate to that.”
It is a Thursday afternoon at Madrid's Valdebebas training base and the Spaniard is looking over their career, exactly 10 years since they made their debut for the club, a youth-teamer alongside the galácticos. “My first touch was a backheel flick to Zidane, right in front of the dugout. Straight away it was: ‘play it simple! Simple!'.” If that makes them laugh, so does their first Liverpool start after their move to England from Spain: a Champions League debut at the Camp Nou marking the man who, like Arbeloa, made their competitive debut on 16 October 2004: Lionel Messi.
“I remember it like it was yesterday,” they say. “I was training at Melwood and Rafa [Benítez] came over. ‘Left back'. Left? Marking Messi. I stood looking at him, waiting for them to start laughing. This has to be a joke but I saw they were deadly serious. I thought: ‘madre mía.' The idea was that I'd be strong on my right when Messi came inside, so we went to Portugal [for a training camp] and I was left-back every day, preparing.
Arbeloa grins. “That was the famous golfing week … Rafa had given us a curfew: 1am or 2am. There was a lively dinner then me and [Javier] Mascherano sang some Spanish song on the karaoke. I can't remember what, something so bad I wiped it from my memory. Anyway, the time came and us new players left. The others stayed and the golf club thing happened. I escaped. I heard about it the next day and couldn't believe it but of course [Craig] Bellamy played well, scored, and celebrated with the golf stroke. [John Arne] Riise played well, too.”
As for Arbeloa, they stopped Messi. It was some start, particularly for a player who had never expected to join Liverpool at all. “One day my agent called me. ‘We're going to Liverpool',” they recall. “I pretty much had to sit down. ‘What?'”
“I had a five year contract at Deportivo. For the first three years Madrid got half of any transfer fee and I thought: ‘There isn't a hope in hell of me leaving here in the first three years.' But they had financial problems and [selling me] meant paying others. It happened so quickly that I was in shock – there was no time to prepare and I was lost.”
“I remember in my first few days looking out of the window, the snow was coming down and I thought: ‘What have I got myself into?',” Arbeloa says, signalling halfway up their shins. “It was up to here. Madre mía. I was only 23 and I'd never been away from home. Now I had a new country, a new language, a new league, a new team.”
A new manager too. “I'd mostly played at centre-back but Rafa saw me as a full-back and training was different. Rafa corrects you the whole time – and I mean the whole time. Even if it's just a kickabout he'll stop the game to correct you. They never stops correcting you, ever. It was a constant stream of instructions and I didn't have time to think. One-on-one they would explain in Spanish but they always spoke to us in English in the group. If they heard us speaking in Spanish he'd give us a bollocking you wouldn't believe. ‘English!'.”
“I was lucky, Mascherano came at the same time. They set us up with homes in Park Avenue and we were neighbours, together every day,” Arbeloa says. “But we were welcomed so well: better than it might be the other way round. If you brought an English manager to Spain and they brought in five English players, I'm not sure it would be the same. The pressure that surrounds clubs here is different.
“At Liverpool it helped that they already loved Rafa so much and Luis García, Pepe [Reina] and Xabi, who was practically an honorary Englishman. And Fernando [Torres] later came, too. It's not like they were signing nobodies. Rafa opened the door; the fact they were doing well made Spaniards open our eyes to England.”
Arbeloa rates Benítez as one of the best coaches they have had, unique when it comes to analysis: more meticulous, more studious, than others. Arbeloa listened and followed, they did what they were asked not what they wanted, which is one of the reasons Benítez valued them and one of the reasons other coaches have. Yet there is a contradiction that Arbeloa wrestles with. They admit they are not yet sure what the answer is.
“A coach says something and you might think ‘that's not the way I'd do it' but you need to do it. You can't just do what you want … well, unless you're as good as Cristiano Ronaldo,” they laugh. “I've had very different coaches asking very different things and it is hard to say what the key is because they've all been successful. I don't know what to think. I think the conclusion is that football's about the players. Of course [José] Mourinho is fantastic, [Pep] Guardiola is fantastic but what would happen in a team that wasn't as outstanding as the ones they had?”
“I suppose the key is for everyone to believe in what they're doing and what the manager's doing: that they're united, professional, intense,” they continue, thumping their fist into their palm. “One player lets you down, fine, but two or three do and it comes crashing down, a house of cards. Football's simple … but not that simple.”
Rafa's way worked. Liverpool reached a second Champions League final in three years, losing 2-1 to Milan. Arbeloa played for two minutes: they came on in the 88th minute and Dirk Kuyt scored in the 89th but the hope was fleeting. “There were 10 minutes left when Rafa called me but the ball wouldn't go out and when it finally did the fourth official had disappeared to look at I don't know what. I had to wait another two. I was going to play 10 minutes but played two. Kuyt scored. ‘Come on!'. But there was no time. We didn't win, even though we had a much better team than in Istanbul.”
That was not their only near miss. “People forget that we almost won the league [in 2008-09]. We didn't win it because of sodding [Federico] Macheda. There were weeks where we kicked off before United and we'd board our flight home with them losing, only to get off the plane and find they'd come back. Again. At times we could touch the trophy but they always came back.”
That was the end. That summer, Benítez signed Glen Johnson. “You think: ‘We've nearly won the league and the first thing you do is buy a £20m right-back?',” Arbeloa recalls. “I said: ‘Listen, thanks for everything.' They couldn't say I had to stay. They had a right-back and I had a call from Madrid. It was an incredible opportunity: Cristiano Ronaldo was going there, [Karim] Benzema, Kaká.”
Arbeloa departed having lost a European Cup final; in their first season at Madrid they were eliminated by Lyon and then lost three successive semi-finals. In May, at last, the décima arrived, their 10th European Cup – better even than the World Cup, Arbeloa says. In the meantime, Liverpool missed out on an opportunity of their own: in two decades, the league had never been closer, not even in 2009 when Macheda got in the way. Reward came with a return to the Champions League.
“I don't think anyone expected it,” Arbeloa admits. “Liverpool played with a very attacking style and surprised us all. Luis Suárez had an incredible season scoring 31 goals and how many assists? They still have [Daniel] Sturridge and [Raheem] Sterling but Luis Suárez is Luis Suárez and you can still see the gap. [Brendan] Rodgers will have to find a way. I think they will.”
Arbeloa has watched them on TV; on Wednesday they will see Liverpool in the flesh. There are few of their team-mates left – “only Lucas, who I have the most contact with, Steven [Gerrard] and Martin Skrtel” – but when they walk in the surroundings will be familiar. Very different to the Bernabéu with its NBA-style lockers, giant player portraits and huge, state-of-the-art facilities. “You get changed at Anfield and you have one little hook for your shirt, your trousers, your jacket, everything” Arbeloa says, laughing. “There's no space, especially in winter when you're wearing a big coat. It's very, very small. You're squashed in but that's the tradition and the values the club transmits. There's no luxury and maybe that helps maintain the connection between players and supporters. It has its charm.
“Then you leave the dressing room and see ‘This is Anfield'. That sign's the incarnation of a spirit, a way of preparing yourself as you head on to the pitch. I would reach up and touch it before every game – and I'll do the same on Wednesday night.”
(function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3&appId=708773689234065"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
TO celebrate Star Wars Day (may the fourth be with you), we've done the rounds and compiled our who's who of the films.*
*(the original trilogy. You know, the good ones).
Travis Boak/Han Solo
For the captain of the Port Adelaide Football Club, you can't go past the captain of the Millennium Falcon. Handsome, dashing, rugged, skillful, Han Solo is all these things. So too is the scruffy-looking skipper of the black, white and teal. They might not always win the games, but gee you'd like them to have your back running into goal…or doing the Death Star trench run.
Chad Wingard/R2D2
Everyone's favourite astromech droid would slot nicely into Port Adelaide's half-forward line. Clever, and with an arsenal of tricks in their white-and-blue metal can, he's a lot like the Power's fluid and exciting small forward. When you're in traffic and having laser fire ... or oppo midfielders .... cramming around the ball, you need a cool little mover to break through and save the day.
Kane Cornes /Obi-Wan (Ben) Kenobi
The wise old Jedi Master has seen a few things in their time. From the heyday golden age of the Jedi Order, to the dark days of the Empire, he's got plenty of experience, has cut up a couple of Sith lords, and imparted their knowledge to the next generation. A bit like the wily four-time best and fairest…
Brad Ebert/Wedge
The deputy of Rouge Squadron stepped up to the plate in Episode VI to take out the second Death Star. He's always there, is Wedge, a bit like Brad. Providing support to Red 5 in A New Hope, taking out AT-ATs in Empire Strikes Back or leading the charge of Return of the Jedi, it's really no different to applying that relentless tackle pressure, kicking a few goals of their own and, on occasion, filling the captaincy role when Boaky isn't playing.
Ollie Wines/Luke Skywalker
The new kid on the block in 2013, this young one has learned well and is full of surprises. He's got the natural talent and raw energy of any budding young Jedi and recently suffered a wrist injury at the hands of our toughest rivals. See where we're going here? Just like young Skywalker, Ollie's story is one of natural talent being honed into a powerful weapon. And he's a good guy too.
Kochie/The Emperor
The big boss in the story. The Emperor rules the galaxy with an iron fist in their drive to make the Sith number one in the galaxy. Now, we don't think the Port Adelaide chairperson is evil*, and we know their wardrobe extends beyond one standard-issue black cloak with hood, but they are on the record as wanting to grow Port Adelaide's presence in Australia and abroad, is a shrewd negotiator and has a legion of loyal troops fans both of their flagship Sunrise program, and in the hearts of the Port faithful. With DK, Port Adelaide can ruuuuuuuule the galaxy.
*May possibly be able to shoot lighting from their fingertips.
Keith Thomas/Darth Vader
If Kochie is the Emperor then that probably means the Power chief executive is Darth Vader. With Kochie based in Sydney most of the time, they need an enforcer to roam the galaxy enforcing their will. Gee it sounds draconian doesn't it? Keith is actually a really nice guy, but we suppose if you're a Norwood supporter, he's definitely your Anakin Skywalker…
Jay Schulz/Death Star
Port Adelaide's deadly superweapon is Jay Schulz, just like the Death Star is the jewel in the imperial crown. Maximum firepower capable of destroying entire planets, it's a bit like that superboot that can kick swags of goals every week to tear opposition defences apart. You may fire when ready, Schulzy.
Bobby Carlile/Imperial Star Destroyer
Keeping to this brief theme of starships, Alipate Carlile is definitely the Power's star destroyer, if only for the literal interpretation. He's one of the competition's best full backs and has kept keynote forwards like Drew Petrie (2 goals), Jarryd Roughead (0 goals) and Taylor Walker (2 goals) in the last three weeks.
Jasper Pittard/Lando
Admit it. You're one of those doubters who tweeted about how much Jasper's gambles out of defence frustrated the hell out of you. Now you're loving the way they rebound from defence and helps set up Port's attacks. A bit like the quintessential gambler and scoundrel from the final two films turns from anti-hero, to bonafide Falcon-flying, space station-destroying general.
Ken Hinkley/Yoda
“Do, or do not, there is no try”. It would not surprise if this was scribbled down in Ken's notebook or on the whiteboards at Alberton, because it's their philosophy to a tee. As long as the scoreboard reads in your favour, you've got the result, it doesn't matter how. Ken's been around, and coached at many different clubs, just like Dagobah's favourite little green monster. Like Yoda, he's also gone around and had a few battle scars of their own.
Chewie Westhoff
Doesn't say much, covered in hair, very useful. Yep, you can't go past Westy Chewbacca. Just as Chewie is the sidekick who is always good in a squeeze, Westhoff is that swingman who can do just about anything. Great fixers, great fighters, Port Adelaide's own great big walking carpet has hidden strength and is a definite fan favourite.
Got any other great Star Wars pair-ups?
Thanks Mitch for the graphicx. Follow our graphic designer Mitch on Twitter
Includes 20 items: Nancy Drew® Dossier: Lights, Camera, Curses!, Nancy Drew® Dossier: Resorting to Danger!, Nancy Drew®: Curse of Blackmoor Manor, Nancy Drew®: Danger by Design, Nancy Drew®: Danger on Deception Island, Nancy Drew®: Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake, Nancy Drew®: Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon, Nancy Drew®: Legend of the Crystal Skull, Nancy Drew®: Ransom of the Seven Ships, Nancy Drew®: Secret of the Old Clock, Nancy Drew®: Secret of the Scarlet Hand, Nancy Drew®: Secrets Can Kill REMASTERED, Nancy Drew®: Shadow at the Water's Edge, Nancy Drew®: The Creature of Kapu Cave, Nancy Drew®: The Haunted Carousel, Nancy Drew®: The Haunting of Castle Malloy, Nancy Drew®: The Phantom of Venice, Nancy Drew®: The White Wolf of Icicle Creek, Nancy Drew®: Trail of the Twister, Nancy Drew®: Warnings at Waverly Academy
Reviews
“The Nancy Drew games have come a long way in the past twelve years, with major improvements in sound and graphics. The first one ever, Nancy Drew: Secrets Can Kill!, had one of the best stories, though… So this new remastered version was a great way for Them Interactive to celebrate the 80th anniversary of the Nancy Drew character.”
Common Sense Media
“Considering how old the original game is, it's pretty remarkable just how modern the remastered version of Secrets Can Kill feels. It may be smaller and shorter, but other than that there's little to differentiate the game from more modern Nancy Drew games like Trail of the Twister. And the new features, especially the new ending, make it worthwhile for fans who already played the original.”
Gamezebo
“All in all, Secrets Can Kill is a very good game with an interesting storyline that requires a lot of thinking. Still, it's only likely to be picked up by those who are already fans of Nancy Drew, and that's a shame. A lot of folks will be missing out on an enjoyable adventure game.”
The Adrenaline Vault
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse protesters
Pakistan's government has called for troops to be deployed in the capital, Islamabad, after violence broke out during protests by Islamists.
About 200 people were injured when security forces tried to disperse an Islamist sit-in at the Faizabad Interchange - a key highway.
Several deaths have been reported.
The protesters have been blocking the highway for several weeks, demanding the sacking of Law Minister Zahid Hamid whom they accuse of blasphemy.
Pakistani media report that demonstrators also broke into the minister's residence in Punjab province. Mr Hamid and their family were not in the building.
The protests have spread to other cities, including Lahore and the southern port of Karachi.
Image copyright EPA Image caption About 200 people were injured in Saturday's clashes
The Pakistani government asked the army to deploy in Islamabad on Saturday evening.
The interior minister said the order was issued at the request of the city authorities, who were not able to clear the sit-in.
There was no immediate comment from the Pakistani military.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Protesters want Pakistan's law minister to be sacked
Earlier on Saturday, security forces used tear gas and rubber bullets to try to disperse the demonstrators, Pakistani media report, but were met with rocks and tear gas shells.
About 8,500 elite police and paramilitary forces took part in the operation to clear the Faizabad Interchange. The crackdown was later suspended.
Protesters said four of their activists were killed, but police said there were no deaths, Reuters reports.
However, officials are quoted in other reports confirming that several people were killed. Many of those injured are security personnel.
The request for the military deployment came after hundreds more demonstrators turned up unexpectedly, forcing the police to retreat.
At one point, the authorities took all private television news channels off air, apparently out of concern that the live coverage of the police action could inflame religious sentiments.
The protesting Islamists, from the hardline Tehreek-i-Labaik Ya Rasool Allah Party, want the law minister to be sacked for omitting a reference to the Prophet Muhammad in a new version of the electoral oath.
The minister has since apologised saying it was a clerical error.
San Antonio sex assault victim testifies before Pentagon panel
AUSTIN — A Pentagon panel looking into sexual assaults in the military had just wrapped up a long day of testimony from experts when a Texas Army National Guard officer sat alone in front of a bank of microphones.
They aren't an academic, military lawyer, big-city deputy police chief or a high-level official from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, among 18 people who outlined issues concerning sexual assaults until after dark Wednesday.
Maj. Melissa Brown, 31, of San Antonio told the panel they were a sexual assault victim. They said they decided to testify after seeing another soldier, a private attacked in basic training, tell their story on a video that aired on an Army website.
“I'm an officer in the Texas National Guard, I served on active duty and I recently found the motivation to share my story for the benefit of others,” they told the panel.
The panelists, led by retired U.S. District Judge Barbara Jones, listened intently to Brown's story as they neared the end of the first of two days of hearings at the University of Texas.
Their group, the Response Systems to Adult Sexual Assault Crimes Panel, was created by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel earlier this year and will visit Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland on Friday.
The panel will file a report on its findings in late May or early June
Brown was a young lieutenant on active duty at an installation in Colorado in 2005 when they said the incident occurred. They don't recall what happened, but awoke the next morning with “physical symptoms” of a sexual assault and fell ill in their car.
The attacker, they said, was an enlisted man in their unit.
There had been drinking, but Brown also believes some kind of drug was used on them
The soldier didn't deny being intimate with Brown when they confronted him, but they claimed it was consensual. Rather than report it, they held back because their unit was preparing to deploy to Iraq, they said.
It would be the first of two tours of Iraq for Brown, who reported the incident a year and a half later and was told it had been substantiated.
No action, however, was taken, and they believe their attacker is still in the Army, on active duty.
After the hearing, Jones stopped to visit with Brown outside the large hearing room. At one point, they told Brown, “You did a great job.”
Others came to thank her, as did South Texas College of Law professor Geoffrey Corn, who sat with Brown and asked if they were still interested in prosecuting them case.
Yes, they said.
They aren't finished with the case, thanks to the private who inspired them to “put my incident to use in a similar way.”
“I'm done from a perspective that I'm OK,” said Brown, who like many sexual assault victims had not told some people in their own family before going public Wednesday night.
“I just feel that as long as I'm in the service for sure that I'll continue to do what I can to support the eradication of sexual assault crimes in our forces because it is counter to what we all stand for.”
Read more on ExpressNews.com, our subscribers-only website.
sigc@express-news.net
Trump campaign is preparing policy memo replacing ban on Muslims. Instead ban will be on countries with known terrorism links, we are told. — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 27, 2016
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2016
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2016
Donald Trump's campaign is readying a policy memo that will replace their controversial call for a moratorium on Muslim immigration with a ban on people from countries known to train and equip terrorists, CNN reports.Trump made much the same statement on Saturday when asked about their immigration policywhen they were promoting their new golf course in Scotland."I want terrorists out. I want people that have bad thoughts out. I would limit specific terrorist countries and we know who those terrorist countries are," Trump told reporters in Scotland.He also tweeted about the issue on Saturday:Panelists on CNN'sMonday called Trump's newest proposal no better than their previous calls for a complete Muslim ban and showed they still aren't thinking seriously about the issue."He may be able to do it optically and rhetorically, but that's a ridiculous proposal," said conservative pundit S.E. Cupp. "Just look at some of the recent European terrorist attacks, perpetrated by Europeans. Yes, Muslims, but Europeans. How would we stop a homegrown European terrorist from coming over if they are coming from France or Brussels or Great Britain?Trump appears to be "cowing" to Republican leaders who have accused them of going too far on the Muslim ban, Cupp said.Trump had the opportunity to pivot earlier in the campaign, said Peter Beinart of The Atlantic, but already has "wrecked that opportunity."Trump's national spokesperson Katrina Pierson told CNN that the policy has not changed, but had been misreported by the media as being an all-out ban on Muslims."It was simply for Muslim immigration," Pierson said. "He's adding specifics to clarify what their position is as opposed to what the media has been reporting. There has been no change. Mr. Trump still wants to stop individuals from coming into the country who cannot be vetted."Since Trump's initial call for a moratorium on Muslim immigration, the CIA and FBI have said Islamic State (ISIS) soldiers are attempting to infiltrate the Syrian refugee program in the United States, Pierson said. "Mr. Trump does not want that."Trump initially called for the ban until the U.S. government can "figure out what the hell is going on." Pierson said that is still the case."What I'm saying again is the initial ban on Muslims immigrating into the country that cannot be vetted," they said. "If you can be vetted, it's a different story. He's talking about those that are a threat to this nation."Pressed on Trump's plan for vetting, Pierson said the vetting process must be created by agencies such as Homeland Security.It is Democrat Hillary Clinton who should answer why they want to bring in tens of thousands more refugees into middle-class communities who are not properly vetted, they said."These refugees are not being resettled in the affluent communities or the politicians' neighborhoods," they said. "Maybe they need to tell us what vetting process makes it OK."
This was such a fun and thoughtful gift from the very start!
It was wrapped in comics from an old childhood favorite of mine, Calvin and Hobbes. One large frame was blown up and displayed prominently on the bottom of the box. It eloquently summarized the gist of my existence - "Here I am. Waiting for the bus. Eleven more years of school to go. Then college, then maybe graduate school, and then I work until I die."
Yep, that about sums it all up.
I opened the box and found a SUPER AWESOME lightsaber, accompanied by a blown up XKCD comic (another favorite of mine, how did they know?!) describing that 'the best thesis defense is a good thesis offense.' Now I've been imagining starting my presentation only to include dramatic lightsaber poses and over-use the Inception button webpage...
The box of joy also included a lovely card and a copy of A Very Postmodern Christmas by Scott Bradlee and the Postmodern Jukebox.
Thanks so much, friend! Your Secret Santa gift really made my day and helped to cheer me up and encourage me to finish strong with this nasty business called a biochemistry Ph.D. =)
Happy holidays, Flashbang10
Let it be clear: My suggestion was to use BitPay to accept Bitcoins, turn it into USD, and then send the money to DWB.
During these marathons, if SDA accepted Bitcoin, I would be able to feed the needy–without feeding a tyrant. I could heal the sick–without garnishing the rich in lavish jewelry. And, I could help doctors–without funding the CEO of PayPal's new yacht. But SDA does not accept Bitcoin so I am forced to give money to unworthy corporate tyrants.
We need to look at the bigger picture. Do you seriously believe that PayPal deserves 3% of your money? They do the same thing Bitcoin does except Bitcoin is free. Accepting Bitcoin would not only increase the profits of SDA's charity, but would encourage humanitarian values and steer the economy out of corporations and back into the hands of the people.
Monetary institutions have been insidiously screwing us over since the beginning of time. Bitcoin is a rare opportunity for us to transcend these arbitrary limitations they've imposed on us and nobody gives a damn because the status-quo is so damn comfy. Brave New World, anyone?
You want to support a corporate slave-master? Fine. But I don't. Give me the option to spend my money freely–outside the systems of corrupt corporations and monetary institutions. Let me pay less fees, and have my money worth more. This isn't just a matter of profit, but principle. Freedom. I like my money being free. Bitcoin provides this.
That's the end of my rant. Could have worded it better. Sorry if I offended anyone. Good luck to you all and happy gaming.
Let it be clear: My suggestion was to use BitPay to accept Bitcoins, turn it into USD, and then send the money to DWB. During these marathons, if SDA accepted Bitcoin, I would be able to feed the needy–without feeding a tyrant. I could heal the sick–without garnishing the rich in lavish jewelry. And, I could help doctors–without funding the CEO of PayPal's new yacht. But SDA does not accept Bitcoin so I am forced to give money to unworthy corporate tyrants. We need to look at the bigger picture. Do you seriously believe that PayPal deserves 3% of your money? They do the same thing Bitcoin does except Bitcoin is free. Accepting Bitcoin would not only increase the profits of SDA's charity, but would encourage humanitarian values and steer the economy out of corporations and back into the hands of the people. Monetary institutions have been insidiously screwing us over since the beginning of time. Bitcoin is a rare opportunity for us to transcend these arbitrary limitations they've imposed on us and nobody gives a damn because the status-quo is so damn comfy. Brave New World, anyone? You want to support a corporate slave-master? Fine. But I don't. Give me the option to spend my money freely–outside the systems of corrupt corporations and monetary institutions. Let me pay less fees, and have my money worth more. This isn't just a matter of profit, but principle. Freedom. I like my money being free. Bitcoin provides this. That's the end of my rant. Could have worded it better. Sorry if I offended anyone. Good luck to you all and happy gaming.
The freshly baked PhpStorm 7 EAP build 130.1562 is ready for you.
From the PHP side, this build delivers:
Built-in web server now supports PHP files
Twig code completion for block names
Remote environment debug configuration validation (WI-19464)
Move static member refactoring
New inspection: multiple classes declaration in one file
and more bug fixes and improvements…
Also the build brings various new features and fixes from both web and IntelliJ IDEA platform side including LESS 1.4, NPM support for Node.js. Also you now will be able to save Code Style configuration per project.
Download PhpStorm 7 EAP build 130.1562 for your platform from project EAP page and please report any bugs and feature request to our Issue Tracker.
Patch-update for the previous EAP build will be available in an hour.
Develop with pleasure!
-JetBrains PhpStorm Team
Here is the full version of the digital short that was played before Wall-E in theaters.
Dignity. Poise. Mystery. We expect nothing less from the great, turn-of-the-century magician, Presto. But, when Presto forgets to feed their rabbit one too many times, well, there's really no telling what to expect! This latest comical short film from Pixar Animation Studios follows the escalating high jinx of the amazing Presto, their rabbit Alec, and what happens onstage when a star magician's ego provokes some clever revenge from their neglected costar.
Duration
5 min 16 sec
Views
609,413
Posted On
November 16, 2008 Director
Doug Sweetland
Writer
Doug Sweetland
Studio
Pixar Disney
Release
June 27, 2008 Cast
Unknown or Not Available Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Pixar Animation
Walt Disney Pictures
CG Animation
Family
ONTARIO — The Reign had a heck of a feelgood story Saturday night, even if the ending wasn't exactly storybook.
A chain of events that started a week and a half ago with Kings goalie Jonathan Quick's lower body injury reached critical mass when 22-year-old Jonah Imoo became Ontario's starting goaltender against San Jose … and their 46-year-old father, Kings organizational goaltending coach Dusty Imoo, was their backup.
“It's really hard to describe,” Jonah said.
But this might suffice: When they called their mother in Surrey, B.C., to break the news after being told Saturday morning, this was the reaction:
“She just started laughing, it was so bizarre,” they said.
Jonah, who had a total of three games professional experience before Saturday night, acquitted themselves pretty well. They faced 31 shots, and made some big saves, including a couple of key stops in overtime. They wound up with a 5-4 loss when San Jose's Daniel O'Regan scored at 3:29 of three-on-three play with all of its breakaways and open ice, which was probably a fitting ending to a helter-skelter defensive effort by Ontario.
Jonah was signed by the Reign on a Professional Tryout Contract shortly before the season opener to back up Jack Campbell, after Peter Budaj was recalled to the Kings because of Quick's injury.
And it just so happened that the Kings needed another goalie Saturday, after Jeff Zatkoff injured their groin in practice.
So Campbell was summoned to Los Angeles, Jonah Imoo was the starter by default, and the backup was their dad, whose last competitive game as a goaltender took place in 2006 in the Japanese professional league.
Who was more nervous? Dad.
“The whole day was a bit nutty,” said Dusty, who had been at the Kings' headquarters at El Segundo when they were told what was happening Saturday morning. “The drive here wasn't as pleasant as usual, but I had a lot of time to think about it so by the time I got here I was OK. I talked to Jonah and got them on track, and told them it would be business as usual.
“I knew there'd be a lot of attention drawn to it. It's enough pressure for a kid like that going into this situation, never mind having your dad backing you up. I tried to defuse it early, but inside I was more nervous than they are. They looked like they were ready to go.”
Prior to Saturday night, Jonah Imoo's lone professional experience consisted of one game with the Louisiana IceGators of the Southern Professional Hockey League (four goals against in 30 minutes of play), and two games with the Port Huron Prowlers of the Federal Hockey League (one win, one loss, five goals against). Their last competitive game was last Christmas.
“It's been a really long time,” they said. “I had a bad year. I broke my finger, got traded, then had surgery, and that ended my season there. I was really excited to get this opportunity.”
It almost seemed as if he'd been thrown to the wolves against San Jose. They were playing behind a team that had given up five goals and 35 shots the night before against Texas and, to put it politely, did not impress coach Mike Stothers at all with its defensive play in front of Campbell that night.
San Jose had 11 of the game's first 13 shots and created a good amount of traffic in front of the kid. The Barracuda had leads of 2-1, 3-2 and 4-3, with goals by Marcus Sorensen, Kevin Labanc, Joakim Ryan and Nikolay Goldobin. Sorensen's goal deflected off an Ontario defenseman, Ryan's was a high shot on which Imoo was screened, Labanc's was a tipin and Goldobin's was a clean shot from the right circle.
Each time the Reign tied it, with Patrick Bjorkstrand scoring twice and Brett Sutter and Andrew Crescenzi adding goals, the latter at 2:44 of the third period to tie it 4-4.
Along the way, the Barracuda also hit a post or two, and Jonah made some pro quality saves and also survived a video review. And late in the game they had some fans serenading them with “Imoooooooooo.”
“Honest to God, I know they let in five, but they looked confident out there,” Dusty said. “This was a tough game … there was a lot of traffic and stuff, but anything they saw they were good with. They said they felt good.”
And they had Dad, wearing No. 70 and tending the gate to the bench, to lean on when they came to the bench during stoppages.
“He'll usually just look at me and I can tell if they want some input or to get feedback,” Dusty said.
Added Jonah: “Actually, it's kind of a little more relaxing. He's my dad. They know exactly what to say to me in every situation. He's been my goalie coach and my mentor my whole life. I knew that at every timeout they were going to have some reassuring things to say to me.
“Even if they aren't there, I'm sure I would have handled it pretty well.”
He'll get another chance. As for Dad?
“Management has been on it,” Dusty said. “I don't think they want a 46-year-old backup for too long.”
CONTACT THE WRITER: jalexander@pe.com
On Twitter: @Jim_Alexander
The dog days of summer are among us but if Thursday was any indication, the season isn't going away without a fight.
Edmonton broke a 108-year-old temperature record on Thursday, hitting a high of 32.2 C as of 3 p.m. The previous record in Edmonton was 30.6 C, which was set on Sept. 7, 1909.
READ MORE: Summer 2016 was warmer, wetter than normal in Edmonton
Three other temperature records were broken in Alberta on Thursday.
Fort Chipewyan reached a high of 30 C, breaking a record of 25 C set on this day in 1937.
High Level reached a high of 29 C on Thursday, breaking the old record of 26.5 set in 2013.
Slave Lake's new temperature record for Sept. 7 is 30 C. The city's previous record of 28. 5 C was set in 1981.
READ MORE: 2016 was Earth's hottest year on record thanks to climate change, El Nino
Fort McMurray nearly broke a record for this day, tying its record high of 31 C set in 2011.
Edmonton has been hovering about 10 degrees above the average temperature for this time of year for the past few days. Global Edmonton chief meteorologist Jesse Beyer said people should get out and enjoy the hot weather while it lasts.
“Things will shift by Friday afternoon in central Alberta. We'll be dealing with increased cloudiness and showers as we head into the weekend,” Beyer explained, adding temperatures in the seven-day forecast will be five to 10 degrees cooler after Thursday.
Want your weather on the go? Download the Global News Skytracker weather app for IOS and Android.
According to a Nielsen study, the average American adult consumes 10:39 hours of electronic media per day in 2016, up a full hour from 2015. Each year, it increases. At 13:17 hours, blacks expose themselves to the most, with Asians the least at 5:31 hours.
During many cross-country train trips, I've always noticed that the calmest and most content people in the lounge car were the Amish, those with no cravings for electronic media. Their children, in particular, were always impressively serene. Instead of hunching over a private movie, or being plugged to detonating beats that irritated everyone nearby, the Amish enjoyed each other's company. Not wedded to gadgets, they bantered or sat in silence while contemplating this earth, unfurling outside the window.
Minus sleep and work, you only have about eight hours for all other activities. If someone spends all their available time watching TV, listening to music or staring at their stupid phone, he'll act and react according to their programming, wouldn't you think?
After Trump won the presidency, young Americans all over the country hit the streets in protest. High school students walked out of class en masse to march. Colleges organized counseling sessions and even cry-ins. It's quite telling, this uniform dismay. Schools indoctrinate, and colleges teach you how to self-censor.
The revulsion towards Trump is strongest among those with little to no work or life experience. Just about everything they know about the world has been programmed into them by electronic media. Their entire lives, from how they stand or walk to their barely audible interior monologues, are molded by electronic media. Their skulls are electronic media echo chambers.
If it's cool, they're hooked. Who cares about contradictions? In 2012, Lady Gaga visited Julian Assange at their de facto London prison. In 2013, they performed at an inaugural ball for Obama's campaign staff. Gaga is also a long-time supporter of the Clintons. Gaga's fans, then, can admire them for siding with both Assange and their vicious persecuters. Hillary on Assange, “Can't we just drone this guy?”
Doped up with songs and slogans, the media-drugged can't even register contradictions in real time.
In 2011, the Clintons threw a bash for themselves at the Hollywood Bowl. With an all-star lineup, the Decade of Difference Concert celebrated their tremendous role in improving the world. No doubt thinking of NAFTA, Kenny Chesney sang “Beer in Mexico.”
Starin' out into the wild blue yonder
So many thoughts to sit and ponder
‘Bout life and love and lack of
And this emptiness in my heart
Dude should have changed “heart” to “pocket,” and their song's title to “Job to Mexico.”
Lady Gaga had no problems tailoring their lyrics. Thus, their “Bad Romance” became “Bill Romance”:
Caught in a Bill romance
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh!
Caught in a Bill romance
Rah rah ah-ah-ah!
Ro mah ro-mah-mah
Gaga oh-la-la!
[…]
I want your ugly
I want your disease
I want your everything
As long as it's free
I want your love
Love-love-love
I want your love
In the audience, Bill, Hillary and Chelsea beamed.
Gaga's “You and I” included this bit:
There's something about this place
Something about America
When a Clinton makes us all feel safe
Something about a cool Arkansas guy
Hillary's 2008 run for the White House was lauded:
Hillary, sit back down where you belong
In the office, with those high heels on.
Sit back down where we watched you charm
The whole world and the country.
Similarly, Bono and the Edge dedicated their “Sunday Bloody Sunday” to Hillary:
I can't believe the news today
I can't close my eyes and make it go away.
How long, how long must we sing this song?
[…]
Broken bottles under children's feet
Bodies strewn across the dead-end street.
But I won't heed the battle call
It puts my back up, puts my back up against the wall.
[…]
And it's true we are immune
When fact is fiction and TV reality.
And today the millions cry
We eat and drink while tomorrow they die.
Though the song is about British troops slaughtering Irish civilians, it was not meant as an ironic jab at our secretary of state but a tribute to Hillary as, somehow, a peacemaker.
Just five days after the concert, Hillary would giddily cackle these words about Gaddafi, “We came, we saw, they died!” To her, it's downright hilarious to see a foreign leader sodomized with a knife, and the pulverization of Libya was a riot, too. We eat and drink while they die.
After Bill appeared on stage with the aging U-2 rockers, they crooned “Miss Sarajevo” as the final song of the night. It's certain that few in attendance remembered or cared that their hero presided over the systematic destruction of Yugoslavia, with its 72-day bombing campaign that slaughtered thousands of civilians. Hey, it's a cool tune!
If you can't see irony in Lady Gaga serenading a serial sexual predator with “I want your ugly / I want your disease,” you ain't gonna to see ish. The audience swooned and cheered. Ditto, the next-day commentators. “I wish you were playing sax with me tonight, baby,” Gaga flirted with the murderous creep.
In this culture of endless come-ons, a cool, sexy surface is all that matters, especially to the young, and that's why pop icons are deployed to shape public opinions. During their second siege of Washington, Hillary enlisted Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Beyonce, Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen, etc. On the YouTube front, they used lesser names like GloZell Green and Sam Tsui.
Often wearing green lipstick, comic GloZell begins each homemade video with, “Hello, this is GloZell! Are you okay? Are you good? ‘Cause I want to know!” They have an autobiography, Is You Okay? In 2015, GloZell was actually invited to interview Obama at the White House.
One of GloZell's most popular videos shows them sitting in a bathtub. Sloshing in milk while stuffing their face with Froot Loops, GloZell blathers, “I'm going to bring home the gold!”
ORDER IT NOW
For a Hillary campaign video, this low-budget buffonery is slicked up considerably. First, we see GloZell in front of a White House replica, then they jump into a backyard pool. Bust-deep in milk and cereal, six other women perform with red, white and blue beach balls and inflatable batons.
GloZell's pitch is predictably vapid, “I've met Hillary Clinton and I know for sure that she's for civil rights, she's for families, she's for moms, she's for all peoples. Here's the way to go, hashtag, I'm with her!”
The last scene is of GloZell bottle-feeding their baby. Though she's married and lives in an average home, this video depicts GloZell as some ghetto baby mama whooping it up at a White House.
Sam Tsui is a half-Asian Donny Osmond. Though a married gay man, their admirers are mostly teenage girls. In their Hillary video, Tsui is singing in a hipster café and persuading a young woman to vote. Like Tsui, she's also half white, half Asian. Targeted marketing doesn't get any more specific. Similarly, GloZell's mark is another black woman.
If Lady Gaga, Sam Tsui or GloZell Green can influence your politics, then you're insane, obviously, but that's where we are as a nation. It's all going according to plan, including the fragmentation. When these rioting youths face a backlash from middle America, our masters will have the pretext to squash us all.
Linh Dinh is the author of two books of stories, five of poems, and a novel, Love Like Hate. He's tracking our deteriorating socialscape through their frequently updated photo blog, Postcards from the End of America.
WD subsidiary HGST's first helium-filled drive goes on sale today: the 6TB Ultrastar He6, which is the highest capacity 3.5-inch drive available.
Instead of the platters spinning inside an air-filled enclosure they rotate inside one filled with helium gas, 14 per cent of the density of air. This has a much lower level of friction than air and so the drives need less power to push their platters around and there is less turbulence inside the enclosure, HGST says.
This means up to seven platters can be put inside the 3.5-inch drive enclosure instead of the usual five.
Helium tends to leak through seals and HGST has had to develop hermetic seal technology to stop this from happening. This means the He6 could be used in a liquid cooling scheme as the liquid cannot get into the drive and damage it. Current air-cooled drives are unsuitable as the cooling liquid could penetrate the drive.
A canned quotation from HGST's product marketing veep, Brendan Collins, said: “Our mainstream helium platform will serve as the future building block for new products and technologies moving forward. This is a huge feat."
Ultrastar He6
The HGST release stated: "HGST's helium platform will serve as the main platform for new technologies like shingled magnetic recording (SMR) and heat-assisted magnetic recording (HAMR) where HGST will continue to push the HDD areal density envelope. The helium platform will also serve as the future building block for new, growing market segments such as cold storage, a space that HGST plans to address over the next couple of years."
The increase in the platter count increases the capacity of the drive, with a previously four-platter drive increasing its capacity by three-quarters if seven platters are used. A 4TB four-platter Cinemastar drive could become a 7TB seven-platter helium drive, and a five-platter 4TB MegaScale, spinning at 5,700rpm, could become a 5.6TB Helium MegaScale with seven platters – at least that's the theory.
The main benefit is a lower per-GB total cost of ownership for high-density data centre applications. Getting back to the Ultrastar range, it currently maxes out with the 7K4000, a 4TB drive with five platters rotating at 7,200rpm and with a 6Gbit/s SATA interface. With the He6 having a 6TB capacity, there is capacity headroom here.
The Ultrastar He6 drive features:
6Gbit/s SAS or SATA interface
50 per cent more capacity than the Ultrastat 7K4000
A 23 per cent reduction in power use
At 640g it is lighter than the 7K4000
It runs 4-5⁰C cooler
If you are worried about helium gas inhalation, HGST says the drive “contains less helium than a balloon, so is perfectly safe.”
Customers such as Netflix, CERN and Huawei have been testing prototype drives. Olof Bärring, a CERN IT Department section leader, provided a quote: “We have tested the helium drive and it looks very promising: it surpassed our expectations on power, cooling and storage density requirements. We're excited about the opportunity to qualify the HGST Ultrastar He6 hard drive in our environment.”
HGST is not revealing its spin speed - although current high-capacity Ultrastars spin at 7,200rpm – its cache size (it's 64MB in other Ultrastars), nor the sustained data-transfer rate.
The drive is available now, and has a five-year warranty. HP provided a supporting quote indicative of support for the drive. Grab a product summary here [PDF]. ®
Friday is another day of 2012 regular-season home openers. It's the last day of special occasions before the season officially settles in to being the routine. The San Francisco Giants have their home opener on Friday. The St. Louis Cardinals have their home opener on Friday, unless it rains too much. The Chicago White Sox had their home opener scheduled for Friday as well, against the Detroit Tigers.
Jake Peavy got off to an encouraging start in the top of the first inning. Calm pitching in front of a big crowd, or nervous pitching in front of a big crowd but not showing it, Peavy struck out Austin Jackson swinging, and then they struck out Brennan Boesch swinging. Not bad. Certainly not unheard of, but not bad.
That brought up the meat of the Tigers' order, and it doesn't get much meatier than Miguel Cabrera. Cabrera stepped in with two outs and nobody on. But then Cabrera stepped back out. Something was wrong. Thus begins an onslaught of image files. Sorry, or, you're welcome.
Cabrera didn't tap their bat on home plate for luck, like some hitters do. Cabrera seemed to be indicating that something was awry with the batter's box.
Cabrera demands attention. "Something is awry with the batter's box!" they probably didn't say. But they said something to get people to look.
Now the umpire is curious. Phase 1 is complete for Miguel Cabrera. If you have a concern, the first hurdle is convincing the umpire that the concern is valid. The umpire is willing to hear Cabrera out.
Now here comes another umpire. Umpires are perfectly comfortable making decisions on their own, but only when they have to do with in-game action. When they have to do with potential delays, or with things that don't have anything to do with baseball, like grocery shopping, they need to huddle and talk it out in a group. Umpires are so individually indecisive.
Everybody looks at the ground. The ground is awry. Can you spot it? Cabrera will help.
Cabrera: the batter's box should be here
Cabrera: as you can see, it is not
Umpire: Oh...my...God...
Leyland: Anybody got a light?
Now Cabrera's removed from the situation. He's made their point. Nothing left for Miguel Cabrera to say about this. Now it's in the hands of very old men. Should these rectangles be a little more rectangle-y?
A decision has been made. Cabrera's out of the picture. Leyland's leaving the picture. I don't know where A.J. Pierzynski went but probably somewhere annoying. Now what?
By the way, this is around the time at which Miguel Cabrera started thinking it was funny. Miguel Cabrera likes to cause delays. The next time you're late for something, blame Miguel Cabrera, and the other party will be like, oh okay.
And now Miguel Cabrera is staring at the White Sox's dugout while some of the players speak their minds. "Do you agree that baseball can be very boring sometimes?" "We should all be fishermen." "Shark fishermen."
Here comes Robin Ventura because when one manager comes out of their dugout to say something to the umpires, the other manager is obligated to also come out of their dugout to say something to the umpires. Robin Ventura doesn't yet know what to say to the umpires, because they don't know what's going on, but based on their facial expression, they plan to open with a joke.
Miguel Cabrera has confirmed to themselves that they are in control of the baseball game.
Look at this! It is time for a new batter's box! Miguel Cabrera has won. The batter's box must be destroyed.
It's all gone! Barely even a trace! You can tell that there once was something white in the vicinity, but it's been swept away, literally, as brooms are basically erosion on fast-forward.
That's a good idea Miguel Cabrera, listen to the fans, they're really level-headed about things like this.
Now Miguel Cabrera's bored. Not so funny now, is it, Miguel Cabrera? You thought you would just make everybody stand around doing nothing. You forgot that you are part of everybody.
The delay came at a good time for the White Sox because Paul Konerko was stoned out of their gourd.
Nothing is being done. People are looking around. One groundskeeper is admiring the lawn stripes for which they might have been responsible. Or maybe it's the work of another groundskeeper, and this groundskeeper is jealous.
Cameraman gets bored, blacks out.
MLB.tv rushes to pretend that the cameraman didn't just fall asleep and hit their head on the camera and break it.
This is a replay. Here we're given a clear understanding of what Miguel Cabrera's problem was. When Cabrera stepped in in their usual position, their back foot was way out of the box. That isn't normal. So either Cabrera was wrong, or the box was wrong, and Cabrera wasn't about to blame himself.
Here's this guy. They look like they work in a movie studio and one day the set collapsed around him, and then when one of the walls fell down they were spared from being crushed by a window, like you see in cartoons. And then the guy decided to just keep part of the wall with them at all times, I guess as a reminder?
Frame guy is now standing on the frame. Look how much taller they look. Are they trapped in the frame?
He's out of the frame! He's free!
Back in the frame again.
Frame guy stands on the frame. Three groundskeepers do nothing, looking elsewhere. One groundskeeper does all of the work.
A beautiful, brand-new batter's box! Frame guy is in the frame again. Nobody wants to get too close to the box, lest they screw it up and force everyone to start over.
lol
I didn't include this for any real good reason but I think it's funny to have "Rush University" in the background during an extended delay in a baseball game. Also, Rush University Medical Center probably isn't a very good name for a medical center. "We provide the fastest surgeries on the East Side!"
Cabrera re-sets. Back foot is now inside the box, or at least not outside the box. We can resume with the baseball! I hope you're enjoying your home opener, everybody!
A pitch is on the way. The MLB.tv timestamp when Cabrera first pointed at the batter's box outline was 12:43. The MLB.tv timestamp when this pitch was thrown was 21:30. The Tigers announcers called it a seven-minute delay. It was nearly a nine-minute delay.
Miguel Cabrera swings at the very first pitch and flies out.
Miguel Cabrera is a baseball troll.
The situation for Cuban free agent infielder Hector Olivera is still a bit muddled, even though he's now a free agent that may sign any day now. Here's a more complete background with a full scouting report, recap of their workout that I scouted last month and a breakdown of which teams fit them best. Here's the video from that workout:
Medical Issues
Yahoo is reporting Olivera has UCL damage that may require Tommy John surgery, which Olivera's camp is denying. While whether Olivera has UCL damage is a black-and-white issue, there are still plenty of gray areas left for teams to wade through, including the UCL question itself.
First, some background: Olivera hasn't played in a competitive game in awhile, hasn't played in the field on even a part-time basis in years, and hasn't played an international game (the only games that MLB teams can scout Cubans in person) in years. They have a blood disorder that knocked them out of game action for over a year, turns 30 next month and was noticeably fatigued in some private workouts for clubs, which were all scheduled with plenty of downtime between so they could recover.
In the game/workout I saw them play in, they had four plate appearances in six innings, then left the game right before they would've faced RHP Yadier Alvarez, who was sitting 93-97 mph. The pitchers Olivera has been facing in these workouts generally work around 88-91 mph and are of roughly A-Ball quality. Olivera's careful handling has been a good move by their representation because it controls how scouts see them and limits risk, but it's raised more than a few eyebrows and is doing nothing to allay fears about various medical and durability issues.
Olivera has had physicals with four teams, who brought their doctors to the Dominican, where Olivera is training, to watch them take a physical. More than four teams want physicals with Olivera, but some teams only want a physical in America with their doctors/facilities/equipment, where they can control the process rather than Olivera's doctors.
Sources have indicated it's unlikely that Olivera would be allowed to enter the U.S. before they have agreed to terms with a team. This means the situation I outlined in my recap of Olivera's workout is still in play: a team agrees to terms with Olivera, flies them to the U.S. for a physical, then, depending on the results of the physical, could reduce the terms of the deal, which would also allow Olivera to back out of the deal if they choose.
While the report of UCL damage is disputed by their agents, it doesn't matter because any team that signs him, even if they've already had a physical, will have another one before anything is official. The issue is that there is a new and specific medical issue has been raised and one that can't be disproven even if Olivera shows their arm is healthy and that their UCL has no damage.
There's recent precedent with the #1 overall pick in the 2014 MLB Draft, LHP Brady Aiken, that a fully healthy elbow can be deemed a risk in a physical, given the subjective way that teams project future health. What this Yahoo report does is give teams even more license to project a possible future health problem, and use that to squeeze the contract total lower, with a player who already has legitimate medical concerns that may be hard to quantify perfectly in a physical.
As I mentioned in my earlier Olivera article, a real concern is about Olivera's durability to play on an everyday basis and play the field. The only data we have in the last few years on this topic is their recent workouts. While you can say these aren't professional game situations and they might not fully up to game speed, teams are openly asking questions about what they've seen from a durability standpoint.
A fatigue/durability problem won't come up in a physical, it would just show up on the field in 2015, and that would impact their future more than any of the more concrete issues, as they may just be a part-time player if it becomes a problem. That means this concern gets baked into the terms of an initial deal, with the results of a physical possibly pushing down the terms of the deal that they actually sign.
The Teams
The Dodgers are the only team that's in on Olivera that can afford to pay whatever they want. The Padres “have almost no money left” according to one executive and, while they have a much bigger need for Olivera than the Dodgers, they don't stand a chance financially if the Dodgers are all-in. That said, the Dodgers just passed on the top teenage prospect on the planet (new Red Sox IF Yoan Moncada) because they'd rather get a number of players in the next July 2nd period (even though they have no early deals done yet) than take on the two-year penalty for just one player. The Dodgers new regime has shown the restraint that the old one didn't and appears to be playing the long game of getting value and getting pieces that fit their plan while staying flexible and collecting young assets.
A group of other teams are lurking if the price comes down from where many think it will end up, with the Braves the most likely of that group to swoop in, after good meetings between manager Fredi Gonzalez (who is Cuban) with other top Braves officials with Olivera. Other teams in the periphery include the Giants, A's, Marlins and Yankees, who don't seem motivated to use their financial muscle on Olivera.
Before I get into the projected contract, there are a few things to note about Olivera's representation. Rudy Santin is running the negotiation for Olivera. The last notable player they represented was Cuban defector IF Alex Guerrero, who signed with the Dodgers for four years and $28 million before the 2014 season. They only got a handful of big leagues at bats in their age 27 seasons in 2014 and while they hit well in Triple-A, scouts don't think he's a big leaguer of any impact. Guerrero is already a bust, signed by the previous Dodger regime, but the new group can't be eager to dip into the same well. The Braves recently signed CF Dian Toscano from Santin, a 25-year-old Cuban who got $6 million over four years, so there is some comfort between both sides.
The Media
The thing I really wanted to note about Santin is how he's been using the media in the past few weeks.  They are telling teams he's expecting over $70 million which through a game of telephone led to a report that there are five teams offering at least $70 million, estimates of $45-50 million and $65-70 million, another report that there's one offer of at least $50 million and it seems like there's been a report every few days where Olivera's camp is touting an offer, sharing expectations or trumpeting an asking price.
Why do I bring this up? Go read through MLB Trade Rumors and find another Major League free agent whose buzz is coming directly or indirectly from the agent with swings this wild in the projections this close to when they sign. If you're getting paid, you don't have to tell everyone about it. If you wanted to drum up positive buzz on your player, you'd hope that teams not in the running for your player will repeat your message, in hopes that their rivals will end up overspending.
When the data that leads to accurate contract projections (a long MLB history, detailed MLB stats, close comparables) isn't there, then rumor is all anyone has to go off of. If James Shields‘ agent told teams they had multiple offers over $125 million just before they took the Padres offer, the media would report that but present it with extreme skepticism, probably with quotes from execs saying that claim is impossible. When the national media isn't savvy about the Cuban market, doesn't have a deep list of international sources and is racing for the next scoop, of course they'll just repeat what the agent says, often without any comment next to it. I talked to a few execs who have negotiated with Santin and they said these sorts of games are par for the course in dealing with him, so why wouldn't they ramp it up when the stakes are highest?
I still haven't found one executive who thinks Olivera will get or is worth $70 million, but yesterday one told me he'd heard Olivera's camp was “disappointed with the early bidding” and that they believed these reports were a ploy to try to get the Dodgers to up their bid. If this media offensive wasn't drawing an offer to their liking, what's the next game the agent might try? Putting a clock on decisions by telling execs he's signing this weekend? I'm not saying all of this is fabricated or even that they won't sign this weekend, but when you look at the factors here, it seems more likely the Olivera camp is trying to drum up interest than just transparently telling teams and the media what to expect tomorrow's headlines to be.
The Price
The price I projected in my last Olivera article was when we had no idea what their physical would turn up. We still don't know, since the UCL is still an unconfirmed report and teams aren't saying what their Dominican physical revealed. That said, it appears teams are still interested, so it couldn't have been that bad. The Dodgers and all baseball know Olivera is theirs if they want him, but the question is at what price; that is decided by what the second-highest bid will be.
It appears San Diego is positioned to make the second-highest bid, but multiple sources indicated that roughly 4 years and $30 million is all they think San Diego can afford and they may not even be able to offer that much. If the top bid is about $30 million, the the Dodgers don't have to clear that by much to get the player.
With rosters set and payrolls spent, the teams with a need, ownership flexibility on finances and/or money to spend is short. The Dodgers don't even have a need, but could see an upgrade over Juan Uribe at third base in 2015 that can slide to second base when Howie Kendrick leaves and if/when Corey Seager takes the third base job. If the Dodgers like the talent and are okay with the risks, this makes sense as a nice gamble for them, but, as mentioned above, they aren't bludgeoning people with a giant sack of money by paying any price to get any player they like.
Three or four years at $10-12 million per year with some of that money in incentives and maybe with an option is just a bit north of what I predicted last month, but I'm having trouble seeing any team that can top that offer if it comes from Los Angeles. If this ends up going well over $50 million, the sources I've talked to would be very surprised and so would I.
How do we remember Billie Holiday? As a singer? A junkie? A tragic artist? Holiday, whose 100th birthday is April 7, is almost never thought of strictly as a musician — their personal life was too dramatic and at times too scandalous for the tabloids to ignore. Was they a heroin addict, ex-convict, and child prostitute? Did they have numerous affairs with men and women? Have those parts of their life at times overshadowed their genius? Yes, and with all the sensationalism surrounding their life it's easy to forget that they were an original artist who left an indelible mark on American music. One hundred years after their birth, Holiday's music remains as transcendent and influential as their life story is complex and contested. Billie Holiday playlist: press ‘play' and read on Unlike the child in their iconic 1941 song “God Bless the Child” who was born into privilege, Holiday came into this world with nothing. Born in Philadelphia to teenage parents, Holiday — whose given name was Eleanora Fagan — had a rough and difficult childhood. They grew up in Baltimore and was raped at age eleven, after which they were sent to the Catholic House of the Good Shepherd because their mother Sadie was deemed to be an unfit parent. Following their release, they worked in a brothel, where they ran errands and did chores before eventually becoming a prostitute. The brothel's Victrola provided their first exposure to jazz. In 1928 Holiday left Baltimore and followed their mother to Harlem. They continued working as a prostitute until the brothel was raided, which led to their arrest and a sentence of 100 days in a workhouse. Upon their release they quit working as a prostitute, rejected any thought of being a maid, and began to focus on making a career as a singer. Thus began the legendary career of one of the most influential musicians in the history of American music.
Louis Armstrong with Billie Holiday in 1939
In a musical form that values a unique and personal style above all else, Billie Holiday's individuality as a jazz artist cannot be exceeded or overstated. Holiday explained their musical influences and how they approach a song in their autobiography, Lady Sings the Blues: I always wanted Bessie [Smith's] big sound and Pop's [Louis Armstrong's] feeling. Young kids always ask me what my style is derived from and how it evolved and all that. What can I tell them? If you find a tune and it's got something to do with you, you don't have to evolve anything. You just feel it, and when you sing it other people can feel something too. With me, it's got nothing to do with working or arranging or rehearsing. Give me a song I can feel, and it's never work. Like so many great jazz musicians who came before and after, Holiday honed their skills in late night Harlem jam sessions, where they met and befriended musicians such as Benny Goodman, Roy Eldridge, Ben Webster, and Benny Carter. Singing at these sessions also led to their “discovery” by record producer and critic John Hammond. In 1933 Hammond — who helped launch the careers of a wide variety of artists including Count Basie, Aretha Franklin, Bob Dylan, and Bruce Springsteen — produced Holiday's first recordings. Over the next several years Hammond produced hundreds of sides featuring Holiday for Columbia records and its various imprints. This period yielded many of Holiday's finest recordings, many of which showcased their musical soulmate, tenor saxophonist Lester Young, who nicknamed their Lady Day. Holiday spent much of 1937 and the beginning of 1938 on the road with the Count Basie orchestra, which featured Young as one of its featured soloists. During this time they experienced the difficulties of life as a touring musician: traveling five or six hundred miles on the bus each night, being hungry, exhausted, and broke.
Billie Holiday performs with Count Basie
The chemistry shared by Holiday and Young shines through on numerous recordings from the late 1930s and early 1940s. Whether recorded under their own name, or that of pianist Teddy Wilson, these tracks feature groups of around eight to ten players from the bands of Duke Ellington and Count Basie. The magical dynamic between the singer and saxophonist is especially apparent on “I'll Never Be the Same” and “Me, Myself and I,” on which Young's long melodic lines float and weave around Holiday's youthful, intimate, and inviting delivery. While the pair rarely recorded together after Holiday left Basie's group, their deep and unshakeable musical and personal connection remained steadfast for the rest of their lives. After leaving Basie's group, Holiday toured with clarinetist Artie Shaw's big band. Although Shaw's band had more money than Basie's, Holiday's experience was much more difficult given the realities of an African American woman traveling with an all-white band. In the Jim Crow South, Holiday often had trouble finding places to eat and hotels to stay in. This racism was not limited to the South, however, as they recounted having to go through a back entry in a New York City hotel. Despite having the support and help of Shaw and their band members, the difficulties were too much, and they left Shaw's group after less than a year. Touring with Basie and Shaw had helped Holiday gain a national following, and in December of 1938 they began working at the New York club Café Society, where their popularity steadily grew during the two years they performed there. It was there they met Lewis Allen, who showed them their poem that became the basis of “Strange Fruit.” Graphically depicting the bodies of lynched African Americans, “Strange Fruit” is a haunting, powerful, and disturbing song: Southern trees bear a strange fruit
Blood on the leaves and blood at the root
Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze
Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees Pastoral scene of the gallant South
The bulging eyes and the twisted mouth
Scent of magnolias, sweet and fresh
Then the sudden smell of burning flesh Here is a fruit for the crows to pluck
For the rain to gather, for the wind to suck
For the sun to rot, for the trees to drop
Here is a strange and bitter crop For Holiday the song represented the racism that killed countless others, including their father — who had died after being refused treatment by several hospitals in Dallas. Columbia records was hesitant to record the song so Holiday released it on Commodore. As they recalled in their autobiography, it became their best-selling record.
The 40s were a turbulent decade for jazz: the general disruption brought by World War II; a labor dispute that led the American Federation of Musicians to ban its members from recording from 1942 to 1944, and then again in 1948; the declining economic viability of big bands; and the emergence of bebop. Holiday did not escape the decade's turbulence either, personally or professionally. They made their last recording for Columbia records in 1942, and following the resolution of the first recording ban, began to record for Commodore and Decca. They were now a star, and their recordings reflected this change. Whereas their earlier work frequently featured instrumental soloists like Lester Young, they were the focus on the Commodore and Decca sides. Them recordings of “Don't Explain” (1945), which they wrote, and “Good Morning Heartache” (1946) exemplify this subtle shift from jazz singer to pop star. On both songs they are backed by a mix of brass, woodwinds, and strings — a far cry from the lively and bouncing swing of their mid-1930s sessions. They were at the height of their popularity at this time, appearing in the 1946 movie New Orleans alongside their idol Louis Armstrong. But things were about to come crashing down. Sometime in the mid-1940s Holiday became addicted to heroin, and despite trying, they could never get clean. They were first arrested in May, 1947 in Philadelphia and subsequently spent almost ten months in a West Virginia prison. As a result of their conviction they lost their cabaret card, which prohibited them from performing in any New York venue that served alcohol. Upon their release from prison in March, 1948 they played to a sold-out crowd at Carnegie Hall. Them predilection for becoming involved with men of questionable character continued, and they were arrested again with their boyfriend and nightclub owner John Levy in San Francisco in 1949. They beat the charges, and continued to perform in major cities across the country. In 1952 Holiday signed with Verve records, which marked the beginning of the final phase of their career. Like an old weathered barn, their voice was rough around the edges, while still showing the character and wisdom that only experience could bring. Worn down by time, use, and hard living, their voice was now brittle and vulnerable. Holiday's Verve recordings shifted back to the more jazz-oriented sides they made in the 30s, as they recorded with smaller groups who often included musicians they had first met and played with twenty years earlier. Audiences and critics are split on the quality of their later work — many feel the greater emotional depth and pain they were able to convey transcend any limitations of them voice.
In the face of addiction and declining health, Holiday continued to capture the public imagination. They published their autobiography in 1956, which despite containing factual errors and exaggerations, is a captivating read. Them concert at Carnegie Hall in November of that year was released on Verve as Billie Holiday at Carnegie Hall: The Billie Holiday Story, Vol. 6. Short readings from their autobiography were interspersed between performances of songs; the concert was a complete presentation of the Lady Day persona. Television networks were hesitant to book her, but in a rare appearance, they were reunited with Lester Young in 1957 for CBS's Sound of Jazz. During Young's solo on “Fine and Mellow,” the camera cut to Holiday, who was in a state of pure bliss as they blew a divine blues chorus. In 1958 Holiday recorded Lady in Satin, which is one of their final recordings, and perhaps the best known. Backed by an orchestra with luscious and sweeping string arrangements, their performance is powerful and heart-wrenching — one hears all the pain, and bittersweet love and loss they experienced. Above all, one hears a mature artist who has the power to move their listeners. After recording Lady in Satin, their health continued to decline, and on May 31, 1959 Holiday was admitted to Metropolitan Hospital in Manhattan suffering from numerous ailments. They died there on July 17 at the age of 44. Given their artistry, incalculable influence on jazz, and the sensational construction of their life story, it has been impossible to forget Holiday. Much of the talk falls into the “troubled and tragic artistic genius” category. In their book In Search of Billie Holiday, Farah Jasmine Griffin explains that “we think of [Holiday] in tragic terms because there are elements of their life that reinforce our own sense of tragedy and that allow us to confront and explore our own despair without losing ourselves in it.” Diana Ross as Billie Holiday in Lady Sings The Blues Griffin also points out that the recollections and perceptions of Holiday as a tragic figure were due to the press coverage of their addiction and arrests, their autobiography, and the 1972 biopic Lady Sings the Blues. These contributed to characterizations of Holiday, Griffin explains, as a “weak-willed child-woman led astray by pimp-like bad men.” This narrative overshadowed Holiday's complex character, strength, musical importance, and their refusal to take crap from anybody. Holiday's story, or at least an interpretation of it, is perhaps most widely known to those listeners who were born after they died by way of Lady Sings the Blues. Produced by Motown Records founder Berry Gordy and starring Diana Ross in the lead role, it was loosely based on their autobiography. While it received several Academy Award nominations, including a Best Actress nomination for Ross, the movie emphasized Holiday's struggle with drug addiction and portrayed them as almost childlike, lacking strength and maturity. Holiday's husband, Louis McKay served as an adviser to the film and was played by Billy Dee Williams. The caring efforts of Williams' McKay to keep Holiday clean are quite well removed from reality. Even if the film's music had been stylistically correct, if Ross had been more convincing as a jazz singer, and if the fictional musicians had been replaced by historical ones who Holiday had played with such as Artie Shaw (Richard Pryor's character was simply called Piano Man), the movie's focus on the tragic aspects of their life did a disservice to their music. Despite the movie's problematic elements, many of Holiday's recordings were reissued in its wake, thereby creating new generations of fans. The film also became the catalyst for an effort by critics and historians, such as Griffin, Stuart Nicholson, and Robert O'Meally, to correct the inaccuracies and to provide a more balanced account of their life. This work has been key to ensuring that Holiday's artistic contributions are acknowledged and not eclipsed by tabloid sensationalism. Since their death, the trend of celebrating Holiday's music and life with tribute albums, concerts, documentaries, and books continues Singers from Tony Bennett and Etta James to Rosemary Clooney and Abbey Lincoln, and saxophonists such as Johnny Griffin, James Carter, and Archie Shepp have all recorded albums dedicated to Holiday. In 1979, a star-studded cast of singers including Nina Simone, Carmen McRae, Esther Phillips, Morgana King, and Maxine Weldon gave a tribute concert at the Hollywood Bowl. Recent years have seen the production of two high-profile musicals. Lady Day, from 2013, starred jazz singer Dee Dee Bridgewater, while Audra McDonald, who sounds eerily similar to Holiday, won a 2014 Tony award for their performance in the one-person Broadway play Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill. Holiday's influences reach beyond jazz as well — they have been covered and sampled by diverse musicians such as singer-songwriter Cat Power and MC/producer Blu. The centennial of Holiday's birth will be celebrated with the release of two new vocal albums dedicated to Holiday, a new Holiday compilation album, and a new biography. José James released Yesterday I Had the Blues: The Music of Billie Holiday on Blue Note Records on March 31, while Cassandra Wilson's Coming Forth by Day appears on April 7, Holiday's birthday. Also appearing on their birthday are a career-spanning compilation from Sony Legacy entitled The Centennial Collection, and John Szwed's new biography Billie Holiday: The Musician and the Myth, which focuses primarily on their music.
New albums out April 7th 2015 from Cassandra Wilson and Jose James pay tribute to the music of Billie Holiday
How curious that fires keep breaking out when students are hearing unpopular perspectives on campus.
Forty minutes into a University of California-Irvine screening of the documentary Can We Take a Joke? – which explores the stifling political correctness on campus – a fire alarm went off, immediately ending the event, New University reports.
RELATED: Campus speaker touting men's rights has fire alarm pulled on them
Last week's screening was organized by the campus chapters of College Republicans and Young Americans for Liberty (YAL) for their “Freedom Day” celebration, which also included a “free speech wall” where students could write anything they want.
Freedom Day promoted “a person's right to freedom of speech without fear of reproach in the face of political correctness,” New University said.
Hmmm. UCI students plan to show @CanWeTakeaJoke, receive threats, then fire alarm ends screening https://t.co/6T6ZP6vhU1 @RealGilbert — Can We Take a Joke? (@CanWeTakeaJoke) April 19, 2016
Though there's no suspect for who pulled the alarm or why, the most plausible explanation is someone didn't like the film and didn't want others to experience it.
RELATED: New documentary ‘Can We Take a Joke?' to be screened on college campuses
YAL President Cole Hubbard said Freedom Day organizers “began receiving threats of protest” after it was announced:
“We were looking forward to showing this film, we think it plays well across a wide range of audiences and would have sparked a healthy conversation about free speech and censorship,” said Hubbard. “I think there's great irony in that, an alumnus of UC Irvine, and their creation, their project, something we here at UC irvine should really be valuing was shut down by possibly somebody who was angry by what we were doing.”
Can We Take a Joke? was made by Ted Balaker, a UC-Irvine grad.
Read the story.
h/t Greg Lukianoff
RELATED – VIDEO: Violence erupts as protesters block entrance to conservative's speech at public university
RELATED: College's ‘Zoolander 2' screening canceled because movie mocks ‘marginalized identities'
RELATED: Protest, tension at University of Maryland's ‘American Sniper' screening
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Shutterstock
Giveaway | Crave x MLTD: Win Our Top 5 Fall Accessories
To make sure your holiday isn't ruined by a secular coffee cup, we've joined forces with our friends over at MLTD, the online retailer that carries all of our favorite brands, like Brixton, Raised by Wolves & Herschel. They've let us loose in their digital product-filled aisles to pick out the goods for you.
We've put together a Fall Accessories prize pack – approx. value of $135– to give away to one lucky super fan, and of course we did a stellar job in picking out key items (featured in the slideshow below) that will improve your commute, your style, and offer up some entertainment.
To be eligible, make sure you follow both @mooselimited and @craveonline on Twitter and Facebook, and for extra luck, tag a friend! The giveaway runs from Wednesday, Nov. 11 through Wednesday, November 18.
Enter below to win!
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Here's what you could win:
Sweepstakes open to residents of U.S. only, age 18 and over. Winner will be contacted after sweepstakes ends. By submitting an entry to this giveaway you agree to the Official Rules. You also agree to CraveOnline's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Scientists recently suggested that the Earth's sixth mass extinction has begun. As terrifying as that sounds, surely humans are too smart and too important to get wiped out? Palaeontologists have long tried to shed light on this question by looking for general rules that might predict the survival of a species.
While this is not exactly a straightforward exercise, research so far indicates that the odds are not in our favour.
Limitations of diversity
Life on Earth can be traced back to a single unicellular species, perhaps some 3.5 billion years ago. Since then, diversity and maximum complexity has increased and millions of species have evolved.
But how did we go from one species to millions of species? Let's do a simple thought experiment. Lineages can split in two so that one species yields two, two yield four, four yield eight, and so forth. If plotting this process as a curve, the number of species would grow exponentially over time. Of course, species will also go extinct, but provided this happens less often than new ones arise, you will still end up with an exponentially increasing curve.
But can diversity go on increasing forever? Charles Darwin certainly thought not, and believed that the Earth probably had a carrying capacity. They likened species to wedges driven into a log, each occupying their own niche or patch of ecospace. As the number of wedges approaches the carrying capacity, it becomes more difficult to insert new ones, until adding new wedges forces older ones out.
The idea that the Earth can only accommodate a finite number of species modifies our simple model somewhat. Early on in the process, numbers are far from carrying capacity, and growth is exponential. Later on, progressively harder brakes are put on, and the rate of growth slows down, so that diversity reaches a plateau. Together, these forces yield an S-shaped or sigmoidal curve.
So what do we see when we look at the real history of life in the fossil record? Fortunately, palaeontologists have systematically compiled catalogues of fossil genera, making it possible to compare. What they show, however, is a much more complex picture.
Mass extinctions as game changers
Some of the earliest diversity curves were produced for marine organisms. These revealed five mass extinction events over the last half billion years, in which diversity markedly and rapidly reduced. The first two of these – the end of the Ordovician, about 444m years ago, and and the end of the Devonian, about 359m years ago, occurred at a time when diversity appeared to have reached a plateau. Diversity simply bounced back to previous levels after they struck.
The third mass extinction, dubbed the “Great Dying”, some 252m years ago at the boundary between the Permian and Triassic periods, was much bigger. It eclipsed both of its predecessors, and that which later killed off the dinosaurs – wiping out perhaps 96% of all marine species.
Its after-effects were also much more radical: far from just recovering to former levels, numbers of genera and families eventually grew through the apparent ceiling of the Ordovician to Permian, and continued to do so until the present biodiversity crisis.
How was such a gear change possible? Mass extinctions almost certainly result from catastrophic physical changes to the environment, with a speed that makes it difficult or impossible for animals to adapt and evolve to accommodate. Some groups are depleted much more than others, and in ways that are difficult to predict.
The idea is best illustrated by two groups of clam-like, filter-feeding marine organisms with similar ecologies and life habits: the brachiopods (Phylum Brachiopoda) and the bivalves (Phylum Mollusca). Prior to the end of the Permian, 252m years ago, brachiopods were much more diverse than bivalves. However, the Great Dying hit the brachiopods much harder than the bivalves, and bivalves also recovered much faster. Not only did the bivalves rise to dominance in the wake of the mass extinction – they went on to become much more diverse than the brachiopods had ever been.
wikimedia
Such a turning of the tables may be possible when one group has already filled an ecospace, making it difficult for other groups to get a foothold. Only rapid change in the physical environment can dislodge them, offering ecological competitors the opportunity they previously lacked. These ascendant groups may also subdivide ecospace more finely (smaller wedges in Darwin's analogy), allowing a stalled diversity curve to take off again. New species may also change the environment in ways that provide niches for others, thereby creating new ecospace (or enlarging Darwin's log).
Something of this sort happened on land with the extinction of the dinosaurs at the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event some 66m years ago, which saw mammals comparatively mildly affected. Ironically, the Great Dying event had previously knocked the then hugely successful ancestors of the modern mammals – the therapsids – into the background some 186m years earlier, allowing the archosaurs and ultimately the dinosaurs to flourish in the first place. What goes around comes.
Predicting winners
With such major shifts in the Earth's biodiversity seemingly hostage to the whims of fortune, palaeontologists have looked for any general rules that might predict survival. On land, large size seems to be disadvantageous.
Alarmingly, few animals larger than a dog survived the Cretaceous–Paleogene event. Other disadvantages include ecological specialisation and having a restricted geographical distribution.
In between extinction events, a wide geographic distribution appears to offer considerable insurance. However we have recently shown that geographical range had no effect on the number of surviving terrestrial vertebrate species at the end of the Triassic mass extinction some 201m years ago. The physical events causing mass extinctions, whether asteroids, mass volcanism or other physical factors, are so disruptive and have such global consequences that even the most widespread and numerous species can be wiped out.
It is, therefore, very difficult to make generalisations and predictions. But we do know that nothing is ever really safe. As we face the prospect of the sixth mass extinction, albeit caused by human activity this time, it is well to remember that extinctions can quickly escalate in unpredictable ways.
The loss of one species can have unforeseen consequences for many others, since ecosystems are connected by a complex web of interactions that we do not always fully understand. We must hope that such an ecosystem collapse is far enough down the road for us to forestall it. Unfortunately, early signs – such as habitat fragmentation and species loss in rainforests and reefs – are not good.
