I don't know about you, but I love holidays. Any holiday really, as long as there's a good theme to sink your teeth into. Halloween is even better because you get to dress up in ridiculous clothes and it's completely okay.
I'm not going to a Halloween party anytime soon, so Kirk created a taco recipe that is wicked good!
If you'd like to calm down the spice in this recipe, seed the jalapeno before chopping. For spice-lovers, the raspberries balance the spice and create a balanced blend of flavors with a spice the builds nicely as you eat.
Wicked Spicy Sausage Tacos Recipe Type : entree Cuisine: mexican Author: Heather Blackmon Serves: 2 tacos Ingredients 15 raspberries, divided
1 cup spinach
1/4 cup coconut milk
3 tablespoons honey (or agave), divided
2 teaspoons shallots, chopped
1 Fieldroast italian sausage, crumbled
1 jalapeno, chopped
cooking spray
2 flour tortillas Instructions Blend 10 raspberries with coconut milk & 2 tablespoons honey (or agave). Add spinach and remaining raspberries and stir to coat. Coarsely chop mixture. Sauté crumbled sausage until warm. Top tortillas with spinach mixture, shallots, jalapenos, and sausage. Drizzle remaining honey (agave) and serve! 3.2.2807
Whether you're having over a group to celebrate Halloween or just want a nice meal at home to enjoy, I've got you covered today!
**Edited to add a link to this fabulous new link-up party hosted by Laura of Sprint 2 The Table! I've been told this is a strange combination of flavors, but that it's fantastic when finished (see the comments below for proof!). And make sure you stop by Laura's blog to see many more strange but good creations!
********************
Questions for you:
The very first episode of our brand-new magazine programme, #LFCWORLD, premieres on LFC TV at 7pm BST on Wednesday – but our online users can watch the show for free right now, 24 hours in advance.
With exclusive behind-the-scenes content from Anfield and Melwood, #LFCWORLD will be broadcast every single week until May 2014 and made available for LFC TV Online subscribers.
But this first edition can be watched completely free on demand, a full day before it goes out on air, simply by clicking play on the embedded video below.
Watch the video here »
This week's opening show includes the latest news on the transfer business of manager Brendan Rodgers, an in-depth report on the summer makeover of Anfield, and we discover how the Liverpool FC Foundation uses the club's unwanted kit.
In addition, photographer Steve Hale revisits the Reds' glory days and 'The Anfield Alphabet' takes you on a trip through the club's illustrious history.
The new programme will launch on the club's official TV channel, LFC TV, at 7pm tomorrow, August 14, and will be repeated at 10.30pm later that day.
You can also catch #LFCWORLD at 2.30pm and 10.30pm on Thursday, and 12pm, 7pm and 10.30pm on Friday. Click here for details of how to access LFC TV.
We want #LFCWORLD to be the supporters' show too, so the programme will be packed with fan-led items such as 'The Reds Gallery', an opportunity to prove your passion for Liverpool.
During the team's pre-season preparations, the squad visited Indonesia, Australia, Thailand, Norway and the Republic of Ireland, and we want to extend the experience with photographs from around the world to form a weekly gallery.
Wherever you are on the planet, you could feature on #LFCWORLD; we want pictures of fans in their Liverpool jersey - at your home, near a local landmark, a famous location or on holiday.
Group pictures are preferred but solo shots are welcome, and the more colour in your snap the better. Please ensure your photographs are in focus and of good quality, and be aware that the express permission of the parents or guardians of any U18s in the picture must be received before submission.
For a chance to see yourself on #LFCWORLD, email your photos to us at lfcworld@liverpoolfc.com, with details of who is submitting the picture, the names of those featured and the location where the image was captured.
Posted on behalf of Barbara Casassus, Paris
Sciences en Marche
Travelling by foot, bicycle or kayak, more than 3,000 scientists, support staff and members of the public from across France set off on Friday on a three-week march in defence of scientific research and higher education. The organizers say it is the biggest protest of its kind for 10 years.
The idea of the march was floated at the Montpellier University in June, following discussions about employment and job prospects for young researchers at a meeting of the National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS). “We realised we needed to bring together the whole scientific community – labs, universities, all disciplines, and all categories of staff,” says Patrick Lemaire, Montpellier University research biologist and president of the campaign group organizing the protest march, Sciences en Marche.
The protesters will arrive in Paris on 17 October, congregating in front of the country's National Assembly. Their demands include a €10-billion plan to recruit an extra 3,000 agency and university research and support staff per year over the next decade. The protesters also want an overall budget increase of €20 billion or 8% over the same period, with a focus on recurrent spending for labs, and recognition of doctorates in collective bargaining agreements (contracts detailing duties and working conditions for employers and employees) with measures to promote PhD recruitment by businesses and the senior civil service.
The demands are unlikely to be met, as the French government has no room for manoeuvre on the cash front in the face of a stagnating economy. Not only has it been unable to rein in massive deficits, it is also asking the European Commission and Germany for a two-year delay to comply with an EU deficit limit of 3% of gross domestic product (GDP).
The aim also is to convince parliament to overhaul the research tax credit (Crédit d'Impôt Recherche, CIR) in the 2015 budget, a draft of which will be adopted by the cabinet on Wednesday together with a public finance plan for 2014-2019. The tax break will cost the state about €6 billion this year, and is criticized for benefitting big business rather than smaller, younger enterprises, and not producing the expected return. “It is also not targeted, which shows the government has no industrial strategy or policy,” says Lemaire.
The march coincides with a three-week annual government-sponsored Science Festival, and supporters include more than 110 labs, 350 CNRS lab directors, 10 universities, and several eminent scientists, including 2011 Nobel Prize winner Jules Hoffmann. Most of the 3,000 or so supporters have promised to join the march for at least part of the journey.
France's Secretary of State for Higher Education and Research has met with a number of disgruntled researchers to hear their complaints and offer reassurance, to little avail. But France is not alone – there is also disquiet among researchers elsewhere in Europe. In Italy, scientists researchers are organizing a demonstration in Rome on 18 October, according to the online EuroScientist, and Let's Save Research demonstrations continue to be staged in Spain.
The French scientific community largely supported the socialist government when it took office in 2012 and participated in national consultations about which recent reforms should be kept or dropped. But the honeymoon did not last long. “It became clear very quickly that the government has no courage and no vision for the future of science and higher education in France,” Lemaire told Nature yesterday. Moreover, the fact that higher education and research was demoted to a junior ministry when Prime Minister Manuel Valls took office in April “shows symbolically that the portfolio is a low priority for this government,” Lemaire adds.
Nintendo has officially announced that their new platform, previously known as the “NX,” will be called the Nintendo Switch and will be released in March 2017.
The Nintendo Switch is a hybrid console that doubles as a handheld device.
Alongside this news, Nintendo has released a list of partners for their new system, and Atlus is included as one of them.
Developers can design their games supporting a variety of play styles, which gives gamers the freedom to choose an experience that best suits them. Some of the publishers, developers and middleware partners announcing support for Nintendo Switch are as follows: 505 Games
Activision Publishing, Inc.
ARC SYSTEM WORKS Co., Ltd.
ATLUS CO., LTD.
Audiokinetic Inc.
Autodesk, Inc.
BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment Inc.
Bethesda
CAPCOM CO., LTD.
Codemasters®
CRI Middleware Co., Ltd.
DeNA Co., Ltd.
Electronic Arts
Epic Games Inc.
Firelight Technologies
FromSoftware, Inc.
Frozenbyte
GameTrust
GRASSHOPPER MANUFACTURE INC．
Gungho Online Entertainment, Inc.
HAMSTER Corporation
Havok
INTI CREATES CO., LTD.
KOEI TECMO GAMES CO., LTD.
Konami Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.
LEVEL-5 Inc.
Marvelous Inc.
Maximum Games, LLC
Nippon Ichi Software, Inc.
Parity Bit Inc.
PlatinumGames Inc.
RAD Game Tools, Inc.
RecoChoku Co., Ltd.
SEGA Games Co., Ltd.
Silicon Studio Corporation
Spike Chunsoft Co., Ltd.
SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD.
Starbreeze Studios
Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.
Telltale Games
THQ Nordic
Tokyo RPG Factory Co., Ltd.
TT Games
UBISOFT
Ubitus Inc.
Unity Technologies, Inc.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Web Technology Corp
The list indicates that Atlus is one of the third party developers/publishers working on content for the Nintendo Switch, as of October 20, 2016.
Nintendo Switch Preview Trailer
Nintendo Switch Details
In an introductory video released today (http://www.nintendo.com/switch), Nintendo provided the first glimpse of its new home gaming system and revealed that it is called Nintendo Switch. In addition to providing single and multiplayer thrills at home, the Nintendo Switch system also enables gamers to play the same title wherever, whenever and with whomever they choose. The mobility of a handheld is now added to the power of a home gaming system to enable unprecedented new video game play styles. At home, Nintendo Switch rests in the Nintendo Switch Dock that connects the system to the TV and lets you play with family and friends in the comfort of your living room. By simply lifting Nintendo Switch from the dock, the system will instantly transition to portable mode, and the same great gaming experience that was being enjoyed at home now travels with you. The portability of Nintendo Switch is enhanced by its bright high-definition display. It brings the full home gaming system experience with you to the park, on an airplane, in a car, or to a friend's apartment. Gaming springs into action by removing detachable Joy-Con controllers from either side of Nintendo Switch. One player can use a Joy-Con controller in each hand; two players can each take one; or multiple Joy-Con can be employed by numerous people for a variety of gameplay options. They can easily click back into place or be slipped into a Joy-Con Grip accessory, mirroring a more traditional controller. Or, if preferred, the gamer can select an optional Nintendo Switch Pro Controller to use instead of the Joy-Con controllers. Furthermore, it is possible for numerous people to bring their Nintendo Switch systems together to enjoy local multiplayer face-to-face competition. “Nintendo Switch allows gamers the freedom to play however they like,” said Reggie Fils-Aime, President and COO, Nintendo of America. “It gives game developers new abilities to bring their creative visions to life by opening up the concept of gaming without boundaries.”
The price, software line-up and detailed product information for Nintendo's new system will be announced at a later date.
— Nintendo
Google's recruiters are infamous in the Valley for dismissing Ivy-free applications* and posing highly technical brainteasers** during interviews.
But apparently these “past results do not necessarily guarantee future performance,” according to none other than Googlers themselves.
Tech Chronicles wrote last month about the growing complaints among employees that academic pedigree is rewarded over real life experience and performance.
One poster on Glassdoor.com, a Sausalito site that allows workers to anonymously review and rate their companies and managers, lamented:
They hire too many young overachievers — people who have only ever “shown aptitude for having aptitude,” as that one writer said. So it feels like half of everyone is angry about learning what being in the workforce is actually like, and shocked that you don't get promoted for working 12 hours a day and having aptitude and a great GPA.
Turns out, the puzzlers don't work out so well in reality either, according to Gawker. Like not at all.
Peter Norvig, Google's director of research, told Peter Seibel in an interview for the new book “Coders at Work”:
One of the interesting things we've found, when trying to predict how well somebody we've hired is going to perform when we evaluate them a year or two later, is one of the best indicators of success within the company was getting the worst possible score on one of your interviews. We rank people from one to four, and if you got a one on one of your interviews, that was a really good indicator of success.
That's a pretty big problem for Google, considering:
Ninety-nine percent of the people who got a one in one of their interviews we didn't hire. But the rest of them, in order for us to hire them somebody else had to be so passionate that they pounded on the table and said, “I have to hire this person because I see something in him…”
Update:
Google proper disputes these conclusions.
“Our hiring process is well known for being pretty rigorous but we've found that, by and large, it goes a long way towards getting us the kind of candidates who will do well at Google and stay for a long time,” a Google spokesperson said. “Our hiring process is designed to give both the company and the candidate a complete picture of how they will fit and we think it works exceptionally well.”
Update #2:
Norvig took issue with the way their comments were framed too, saying in a blog post:
Thrive is a free, open-source game about the evolution of life.
From the lowly tidepools of your home planet, you will rise to cosmic dominance. At every step, powerful creation tools and deep simulation mechanics will aid your species' development. Revolutionary Games is the open-source team of dedicated volunteers aiming to make Thrive a reality.
Our team seeks to accomplish two major goals: create engaging, compelling gameplay that respects our players' intelligence, and remain as accurate as possible in our depiction of known scientific theory without compromising the former.
Latest News Devblog #18: Thrive is Alive by Revolutionary Games on December 20, 2018 at 11:50 pm Thrive's back, baby. We're beyond excited to announce the release of the culmination of our efforts for the last whoever knows how long, Thrive version 0.4.0. It's true: we've returned from the dead. We finally have a new engine. And, as you'll learn if you read on, a hell of a lot of other things too... The post Devblog #18: Thrive is Alive appeared first on Revolutionary Games Studio. […]
Thrive will encapsulate the player in the wonders of science and the universe, allowing them to manipulate the virtual world around them with editors to modify technology, culture, organisms, and entire solar systems. Seven stages are planned – Microbe, Multicellular, Aware, Awakening, Society, Industrial and Space – though for the moment we're only focusing on the first of these, as the whole project is a massive undertaking.
Thrive takes many games as inspiration, from roguelikes to grand strategy games, but we plan on walking our own path with many game mechanics. Don't expect a clone.
We aim to explore the possibilities of simulation within a game context, pitting the player against the game environment as they wield the forces of evolution. Players will create and edit an organism on its journey from insignificance to the stars, using multiple creation tools to rise above their adversaries, themselves products of evolution by natural selection in the wider game ecosystem.
By collecting substances from the environment and processing them with a simulated metabolism, you can increase your species' fitness rating, building resistance against extinction. Less successful evolutionary paths will vanish, and only one may progress through every crucial transformative step towards cell cohesion, terrestrial conquest, sentience, settlements, and space travel. Will you thrive?
For more information on Thrive gameplay, see our FAQ page and gameplay overview.
Thrive is an ongoing development project, and has already seen several releases of the first microbial game stage. You can download these early versions from our Releases page.
The game is and always will be free and open-source. Anyone can contribute as much as they wish provided they have the necessary skills. Visit our Get Involved page to see how you could help. Talented artists, musicians, programmers and experts in any of the scientific fields we aim to simulate are welcome.
You can follow Thrive's development and join its active community at the various links in the sidebar. Major dev updates are posted to our News page.
Last Wednesday night, during a BBC2 drama about sixteenth-century witch-hunts, BBC airwaves played host for the very first time to what I believe the more delicate members of society refer to as 'the c-word'.
When I read Tuesday's papers and learned what was due for broadcast the following night, I was deeply shocked. Horrified, in fact. I could barely believe what I was reading. Nobody had ever said 'cunt' on the BBC before? Incredible! I assumed they'd been saying it for years. It was like reading the reports of Eugène Ionesco's death in 1994 - all you could think was: 'Ionesco was still alive ?'
We have settled into a rather strange relationship with swearing. We expect to hear it on TV after nine o'clock at night, but phone to complain if we hear it in the daytime. We don't mind it in gritty dramas about domestic abuse, but we find it gratuitous in comedy. Away from television, we'll happily say 'fuck' in a pub but not in church. We turn all matey and familiar if a builder swears, but would be horrified to hear the same language from a police officer. Even a student friend of mine who insists: 'Swearing is never inappropriate!' adds thoughtfully, 'except perhaps during the marriage vows.'
It doesn't add up. Surely these words are either rude or they're not? We've either moved on or we haven't. In 1914, when Mrs Patrick Campbell shouted: 'Not bloody likely!' on stage in Pygmalion, the tabloids announced their outrage at 'a word which the Daily Sketch cannot possibly print, and is certainly not used in decent society'.
We smile at that preposterous innocence now, but nodded sagely over the tabloids of 2002 when they raged about Ali G saying 'motherfucker' on Radio 1. The certain knowledge that 90 years from now our own great-grandchildren will be saying: 'How sweet, they actually used to think that "motherfucker" was rude!' seemed to make no difference at all.
Some people believe that it's all about when kiddies might be listening. Ali G was condemned because they used that word on breakfast radio 'during the school run'. And how precisely do people imagine conversation in the school playground? 'Good morning Cyril; I eagerly anticipate our football game this afternoon and I trust you feel the same'? I suspect the kids are already pretty familiar with swearing. In fact, they're far more comfortable with it than adults are.
Similarly, Caprice (the model) declaimed the word 'cunt' merrily every night on stage in The Vagina Monologues but got into terrible hot water when they used the same word on ITV1's This Morning. Pre-watershed, you see. But don't tell me the kids would be offended to hear slang on This Morning - they'd have greater objections to the gardening segment. Small ears are a red herring (if that's not too peculiar an image) because grown-ups have all sorts of separate rules about when they themselves can tolerate sailor talk. A survey issued in 2000 by the BBC, ASA, BSC and ITC found that three-quarters of responding viewers had no problem with expletives uttered 'in shock', but didn't like them used as a matter of routine. So: fine when you stub your toe, but not good when you ask someone to 'pass the fucking salt'.
Of course, we can all sympathise with a loud toe-stubbing curse. The word 'cunt', often mistakenly called 'good old Anglo-Saxon language', is in fact related to Old Norse - you can quite understand why those poor ancient Scandinavians (stuck in pitch darkness for six months of the year) would come up with a fair few swear words. If nothing else, they must have been constantly banging their knees on things.
Nevertheless, if I had taken part in that survey I would have argued the precise opposite. Casual, 'routine' expletives don't bother me, but I don't like angry or violent swearing because I don't like anger or violence. There's no point having rules about language, because location, audience and hour of day are utterly irrelevant - the key thing is the sentiment expressed. And you can express foul sentiment in any words at all.
During the Oz trial in 1971, George Melly told the court that 'liberated' people swear happily all the time. The horrified prosecutor asked: 'Would you call your 10-year-old daughter a little cunt?'
And Melly gave what is surely the only right answer: 'No, because I don't think they are.'
Speaking of answers, they say a politician can never give a straight one. Just in case, I tuned in to hear Iain Duncan Smith discussing immigration on Radio 2 last Tuesday.
During the opening chat, Jeremy Vine asked the Opposition leader if they liked the music of Fatboy Slim.
'Well... he's OK,' said Duncan Smith. 'It's yes and no really.'
I decided not to stick around for the asylum discussion.
August 25th, 2017 - The ACU Wildcats are a little over a week away from their first game of the 2017 football season, and today the players and the media got to see the new locker room.
As you can see, the players are pleased with what they see.
Everything is first class in this thing!
The Cats are adding a black jersey to the collection, and for the first time in decades, the Wildcats will wear a white helmet at some point in the season.
ACU is so excited to finally have a place to call home.
"It's really indescribable coming in here, I was blessed to be able to come in here back in about March and I got to see how big the area is, but with all the equipment in here now, it's truly amazing, we're really blessed," ACU senior captain Sam Denmark said.
"We're very fortunate to have all the donors support here to come in here and call this our new home. We're, I think some of us are excited for practice even here tomorrow. We're going to come in here and get ready for our practice, there's just a lot more enthusiasm when you have a place to call your own, and knowing that everyone's there to support you."
He's the ship's botanist, which helps, as they feed themselves in part with potatoes they grow and fertilizes with their own shit: the circle of life, compressed all the way down to a single individual. It's almost two months before NASA notices changes at the landing site via satellite photo—wasn't the rover on the other side of the habitat in the last picture?—and realizes that Watney is alive. It's another couple of months before NASA decides to tell their old crewmates, sailing through the void back to Earth, that they left them stranded.
Not that there isn't plenty for Watney to do during this time. In addition to the potatoes, there are the problems of water (“the good news is that I know the recipe,” Watney tells the recording camera that is the closest thing they have to a companion), of heat (never has a deteriorating plutonium core come in handier), and of finding a way to communicate with Earth. These tasks Watney undertakes with ingenuity and (mostly) good cheer. As they will explain the process later, “You do the math. You solve one problem. And then you solve another. And then another. Solve enough and you stay alive.”
And though Watney may be alone, he's no longer abandoned. Back on Earth, NASA employees (played by Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jeff Daniels, Kristen Wiig, Sean Bean, Benedict Wong, Mackenzie Davis, and Donald Glover) are scrambling frantically to come up with a feasible rescue plan. So, too, are their former shipmates (Jessica Chastain, Michael Pena, Kate Mara, Sebastian Stan, and Aksel Hennie). Indeed, one of the most refreshing elements of The Martian is that it has no villain, no foil—apart from the inconceivable hardships of Mars, of course. There's no craven crewmember on the Hermes who'd rather leave Watney behind, no penny-pinching bureaucrat back on Earth who says there's not enough money for a rescue mission.
There are disagreements—some of them substantial—about the best course of action. But every character in the film is fully committed, often at substantial personal cost, to the goal of getting Watney home safe. (Even one of the United States's global competitors offers its help.) This unanimity of purpose imbues the film with a rare generosity of spirit. The term “uplifting” might be appropriate here had it not fallen on such hard times.
How good is The Martian? Well, it's good enough that I didn't begrudge it the appropriation of Bowie's “Starman,” which in a lesser film would be an act of criminal coyness. Indeed, despite its intermittent calamities and constant life-or-death tension, The Martian has a degree of humor uncharacteristic of a Scott film, including a running gag about the awfulness of the disco tracks that were left behind with Watney. (“Hot Stuff,” “Rock the Boat,” and “Love Train” all make appearances. Even under the circumstances, however, “Waterloo” remains a bridge too far.) But perhaps the movie's best joke involves the love for J.R.R. Tolkien that is apparently encoded into the DNA of every living male nerd.
ADVERTISEMENT
Meet today's two contestants: Ryou Sawai, a heterosexual Japanese porn star with a '90s boy-band haircut, and Takuya, a gay man who owns a bar called Cholesterol. The challenge: Can Takuya bring Sawai to orgasm against their will within 40 minutes?
If you thought Deal or No Deal was high stakes, welcome to Japan's Orgasm Wars.
Considering its scandalously "climactic battle," it's little wonder that the show has been getting a decent amount of attention. But it's more than the fact that it's a 40-minute blow job contest. It's a 40-minute blow job contest that begins with an exchange of bows and business cards, and proceeds to respectful pre blow job discussion featuring "trash-talking" that's as courteous and polite as a tea party.
The combination of sexual temptation, shame, and competition, framed in a formalized setting, is baffling to Americans — and yet it seems to fit with what we've come to view as Japan's "weird" sexual culture.
At the same time, it seems paradoxical considering the viral reports that Japanese citizens in their twenties and thirties are increasingly uninterested in having sex. According to one report, 45 percent of women and more than 25 percent of men ages 16 to 24 said they "were not interested in sex or despised sexual contact." Is this the same country that produced such a uniquely kinky game show?
It's a sticky issue (pun intended) to analyze because too often aspects of Japanese social culture, especially in regard to sex, are written off as part of the country's "strangeness." Beckie Smith at the U.K.'s The Independent writes, "Western media outlets clamber over each other in their haste to cover the story, with every report of bagel heads, snail facials, or ritual head-shaving being used as further evidence of a unique Japanese weirdness."
That's the reason stories about the Japanese not having sex spread like fire. We can see the same phenomenon playing out with Orgasm Wars, which fits neatly into our conception of the Japanese as the ultimate purveyors of sexual perversion. But rarely do people actually investigate the reasons behind such trends or place them in context. "These stories gain traction because they support a simplistic view of East Asia which is at best patronizing and at worst overtly racist," says Smith.
That being said, Orgasm Wars is worthy of analysis. The fact that the show mixes traditional formality — bowing, business cards, and even a box obscuring the actual sex act — and extreme sexual playfulness is revealing.
For one, it certainly shows that sexual desire is far from dead in Japan. William Pesek at Bloomberg argues that too often low birth rates are conflated with low rates of sexual activity. While there is plenty of evidence that Japanese citizens are less sexually active than many Western counterparts, that can be attributed to the same factors that keep down the birth rate: The country's "exorbitant living costs, elevated stress, and diminished confidence," according to Pesek.
The country has been suffering from economic stagnation, while more full-time jobs have become part-time, leading people to hold more jobs and spend more hours working. "If you leave for work at 6 a.m. and get home close to midnight, including weekends" writes Pesek, "where is time for dating?"
But just because people aren't dating or even seeking sexual relations, doesn't mean their sex drive is dead. In fact, that libido is often channeled into pornography, resolving the seeming discrepancy between a supposedly sexless population and a thriving industry of pornography and sex toys (and even sex toy bars).
However, there is also another element that makes Orgasm Wars such an intriguing show for Americans, and it is reflective of modern Japanese entertainment culture at large: The game show factor. There is plenty of American-produced porn featuring people in sexual situations against their will, much of which is far more graphic than Orgasm Wars. But none are so loaded with the brutal tests of composure and restraint that are common features of even non-porn Japanese game shows.
"The most consistent themes in Japanese game shows are humiliation and embarrassment — sometimes to the point of sadistic," writes Matt Hurwitz at the Associated Press. They argue that these shows play to extreme emotions like shame because they can be a form of release in an otherwise emotionally restrained society. Porn is the ultimate form of release, so this game show format actually seems fitting.
There's also the huge role that honor plays in Japanese culture. The samurai code and Orgasm Wars actually share at their core the constant need to maintain honor even in "disgraceful" situations. Arthur Smith, an executive producer of ABC's former I Survived a Japanese Game Show, tells the Associated Press, "Their games are all about saving face. When you don't do good, you've harmed your family — you don't look good in your family's eyes."
Those elements are present even in a battle of orgasmic will. In Orgasm Wars, the manager throughout the match reminds their straight porn star that they cannot come from a man (the stigmatization of homosexuality is a whole other ball of wax), and at the end there is a formal acknowledgment of defeat. And lots of paper towels.
The term "flyover country" is often used to derisively refer to the vast swath of America that's not near the Atlantic or Pacific coasts. It sounds like the ultimate putdown to describe places best seen at cruising altitude, the precincts where political and cultural sophisticates visit only when they need to.
But in fact, as a saying, flyover country isn't quite the elitist insult we imagine. And it's not even all that old.
The Oxford English Dictionary's first citation for flyover country is from 1980, 59 years after “fly-over” was first used to describe an aircraft passing over a place, and about 30 years after the advent of nonstop transcontinental commercial flights. Thomas McGuane began an Esquire article about the landscape painter Russell Chatham with the line: “Because we live in flyover country, we try to figure out what is going on elsewhere by subscribing to magazines.”
Note the “we.” McGuane was born in Michigan and, like Chatham, lived in Montana. “This must have come from the time I worked in movies, an industry that seemed to acknowledge only two places, New York and Los Angeles,” McGuane says when asked how they came to the phrase. “I recall being annoyed that the places I loved in America were places that air travel allowed you to avoid.”
View Images There are a number of large metropolitan areas in "flyover country," including Chicago, pictured here. Photograph by Michael Nagle, Redux
A search through Google's massive archive of scanned books and periodicals finds that many subsequent occurrences of flyover country come from people who, like McGuane, put the phrase in someone else's mouth. Rarely is it ever used by a New Yorker or Angelino as a pejorative.
“It's a stereotype of other people's stereotypes,” lexicographer Ben Zimmer says. But it's not as if the stereotypes are entirely imagined. Zimmer says the concept behind flyover country is present in older phrases, like middle America, “which has been used to talk about, geographically, the middle part of the U.S. since 1924, but then also has this idea of not only the geographic middle but the economic and social middle of the country as well, that kind of middle-ness that's associated with the Midwest.” Another term for the same place, Zimmer notes, is heartland, which is “for people who want to valorize a particular social or political value.”
And the heartland gets a lot of attention when it has votes that can be won. Politicians across the spectrum paint this place as more real than the coasts. This year, Ted Cruz blasted fellow Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's “New York values.” And in 2008, vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin quoted columnist Westbrook Pegler's heartland-boosting line “We grow good people in our small towns.” All this is a way of championing a set of values that is imagined to exist outside of big urban centers. It treats middle America like a time capsule from a simpler era, which, when you consider the Dust Bowl, the circumstances that led to the existence of Rust Belt, and the Civil Rights struggles before and after the Great Migration, never really existed for many people.
View Images Perhaps you've seen this kind of pattern while on a flight. These are crops in Garden City, Kansas. Photograph by George Steinmetz, Nat Geo Image Collection
Romanticizing can also read as patronizing for people in the middle of the country.
“You know when you're being ignored. You know when you're being looked down on,” says journalist Sarah Kendzior, who grew up in Connecticut, but now lives in Missouri. Kendzior's 2013 essay “The View From Flyover Country” details how easily outsiders overlook the nuances of the middle of the country. “It's just ignored as a region unless it's politically convenient. Unless something happens like a mass protest or a presidential primary, reporters don't pay attention to it,” they say.
As the European summer transfer window edges ever nearer, the number of players looking at expiring contracts and the need for a new club is increasing.
One of those players is Kevin-Prince Boateng. The Ghanaian international was linked to MLS back in March, so no surprise that he's being linked to the league again. But now, according to Gazzetta dello Sport, the versatile attacking player is considering inquiries from a specific MLS team: the New York Red Bulls.
This is relevant to the Italian news outlet because there had been talk of Boateng returning to Serie A, where they had a successful run with AC Milan (Serie A title in 2010-11, and the 2011 Supercoppa Italiana). The paper reports the prospect of seeing Boateng in Italy's top flight again is receding.
The 28-year-old has long been thought to be in the market for a new club: they have only made 16 appearances and 10 starts for Schalke 04 this season. But the most recent rumor bearing their name - from Bild earlier this week - suggested they were attracting most interest from unspecified clubs in China.
Gazzetta dello Sport has fresh (or different, at least) information, suggesting the current competition for Boateng's signature is between Turkish giant Galatasaray and RBNY.
The MLS team has recently initiated contacts, checking the possibility that Boateng accept an adventure in America. The median time there is to the interest of Galatasaray.
MLS is considered an attractive destination for Boateng: their fiancee, Melissa Satta, is American and thought to be interested in returning to the country of their birth.
More: Vote for RBNY Goal of the Month
With regard to the Red Bulls, Boateng does fit some part of the profile the team is thought to prefer: they are on the right side of 30, they are an attacking player, and they certainly bring high-level experience. They have played in UEFA's Champions League, as well as appearing in two World Cups for Ghana (the last tournament being, perhaps, not their finest moment for their national team). At their best, they are an energetic and versatile player, capable of playing wide, in central midfield, or up front.
Jesse Marsch has said RBNY might be interested in more attacking players, especially with regard to any potential Designated Player signings.
But Boateng might be a particularly pricey DP: they are under contract with Schalke until 2016, and that contract is reported to pay them approximately $9 million per year. Their transfer fee from AC Milan was in excess of $10 million, though Schalke was recently reported to have reduced its asking price in an effort to move them on - but that cut-price was said to be in the region of $5 million.
"RBNY signs 28-year-old, international-class attacking player" doesn't sound too far-fetched. But "RBNY pays multi-million dollar salary and transfer fee for new player" does sound a little at odds with what is perceived to be a relatively subdued attitude to transfer spending in Harrison.
Still, where there's a will there's a way - and we are being told the Red Bulls have a will. More to follow on this story, we suspect. OaM will keep you updated.
Donald Trump has suggested he'll move quickly on Keystone XL after taking office, with the incoming president expected to reverse their predecessor's ban on the Alberta-to-Texas oil pipeline.
The president-elect made the comments in a lengthy interview with Fox News on Sunday.
It was just one remark on a news-filled weekend replete with stories about election-tampering from Russia, potential major changes to U.S. policy on China, fights over cabinet picks and the U.S. Congress passing a law that could reduce congestion at the Canada-U.S. border.
Trump brought up the pipeline themselves during the interview with Fox News, while being pressed on whether their fossil-fuel-friendly administration would remain in the Paris climate agreement.
Trump said they would make a decision soon on Paris — then raised the pipeline.
"The Keystone pipeline, you're going to have a decision fairly quickly," Trump said.
"And you'll see that."
After years of political wrangling, President Barack Obama announced he'd denied a licence for the pipeline to cross the border. The pipeline would have carried almost one-quarter of Canada's oil exports to the U.S. It was delayed by protests and court fights, which could be rekindled by any attempt to revive the project.
It's little surprise that Trump would favour the project — it was part of their platform. He's also reportedly considering naming the CEO of Exxon Mobil as their secretary of state, who would be in charge of the file.
Oil man Rex Tillerson has long supported the project. He's also expressed a preference for carbon taxes as their favoured form of climate policy, over cap-and-trade systems.
But that's not the main reason their rumoured appointment drew so much controversy over the weekend. The source of that consternation was Tillerson's years-long personal relationship with Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Marco Rubio suggested the Senate might resist the appointment: "Being a 'friend of Vladimir' is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState," tweeted the senator, who sits on the foreign relations committee that would run the confirmation hearing.
The rumoured nomination lands in a frenzy of news about Russian interference in the U.S. election.
Several media have reported that intelligence agencies informed lawmakers that hackers, affiliated with the Russian government, worked specifically to get Trump elected by stealing emails from Democrats and sending them to Wikileaks.
The conclusion of a pro-Trump effort was based, partly, on intelligence findings that Russia also hacked into Republicans' computers — but held onto that material.
Priebus denies party's computers were hacked
The chairperson of the Republican party, Reince Priebus, vigorously denied that the national party's computers were hacked. In an interview with NBC's "Meet The Press," however, they did not confirm or deny the possibility Russians might have material from people linked to the Republican campaign.
Trump's reaction to the news shocked many in Washington: They blasted U.S. intelligence officials, deriding them as the people who provided faulty intelligence on Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass destruction.
Several lawmakers from both parties have vowed to hold an in-depth investigation of what happened in the election. That's in addition to a quick study being conducted in the final weeks of the Obama investigation.
"Vladimir Putin is a thug, and a murderer, and a killer, and a KGB agent," John McCain told CBS's "Face The Nation."
"It's going to require in-depth (investigation). ... You can't make this issue partisan. It's just too important. The fundamental of a democracy is a free and fair election. They're doing this in other countries — not just this one."
Trump has brushed off the issue.
They have suggested it's being cooked up by their political opponents to undermine their presidency.
"They have no idea if it's Russia or China or somebody. It could be somebody sitting in a bed some place. I mean, they have no idea," they said.
'It's out of control'
Trump made other newsworthy remarks in the Fox interview.
They suggested the U.S.'s longstanding one-China policy, favouring the national unity of that growing powerhouse, could be revisited. They indicated it might become leverage in negotiations with China on other issues.
"I don't know why we have to be bound by a one-China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade," Trump said, listing currency devaluation, border taxes and hostile behaviour in the South China Sea as irritants.
They also made remarks that might interest U.S. military allies — disparaging the F-35 fighter-jet program. As countries like Canada debate their part in the program, the incoming commander-in-chief blasted it as an example of wasteful Washington cronyism.
"Look at the F-35 program with the money, the hundreds of billions of dollars," Trump said.
"It's out of control. And the people that are making these deals for the government, they should never be allowed to go to work for these companies. You know, they make a deal like that and two or three years later, you see them working for these companies that made the deal."
“From their work with UNESCO, Dr Tiffany Jones is qualified to write with authority about GLBTIQ policy. The book's promise to problematize the power of policy provides a much-needed perspective on international and Australian GLBTIQ policy, interrogating the assumption that GLBTIQ policy is an unquestioned good. The topic is clearly timely and the international focus is important given the contemporary and widely varying discourses and actions surrounding the rights of GLBTIQ individuals and groups across the globe. The use of Australian as a particular case study is also wise as moving between the general to the particular can be daunting without some sort of specific grounding in geographical context. Australia provides that grounding so that Dr. Jones can move their examination of policy across the international through Australia to particular schools and individuals. In contested social issues and conditions, such as those surrounding issues of GLBTIQ rights and sexuality education, the chance to hear the voices of those for whom policy is intended is the most powerful. This book will appeal to both policymakers and academics.”
Professor Kathleen M. Brown
Professor of Educational Leadership, UNC School of Education
“This book is a very exciting and important project that examines extensively the policy issues surrounding GLBTIQ policy issues, and a very thorough study of policy efficacy. It will appeal to university professors, researchers who study policy or GLBTIQ issues, policy analysts, international scholars, law-makers. I'm very impressed. I look forward to buying the book!”
Professor Charol Shakeshaft
Professor and Chair of the Department of Education Leadership, Virginia Commonwealth University
Brandish your cutlass and musket and prepare for swashbuckling adventure on the Spanish Main! Whether you're marching your pirate army across the Isthmus of Panama as legendary pirate Henry Morgan or terrorizing the Jamaican coasts as the infamous Captain Rivero, Blood and Plunder is a game that is guaranteed to evoke thrills and capture the imagination of miniature gamers.
In Blood and Plunder you will join legendary sea rovers in the 17th century struggle for national dominance and personal profit in the Caribbean. This 28mm miniature wargame brings this period to life with a compelling rule set and the highest quality models and ships of the genre. That's right, we said ships! Blood and Plunder is designed to transition seamlessly between land, naval and amphibious combat using a uniform rule set and scale. And if you're worried this seems too grand to be practical, you'll be glad to know that a standard game (on or off a ship) can be played on a small kitchen table with 13-50 models in less than 2 hours.
Blood and Plunder is a 28mm, unit-based, skirmish game that allows players to accurately play out pirate raids on Spanish towns and forts. Our game is set apart by three important aspects:
- Blood and Plunder Initiative deck system: Our game uses a card driven, player controlled, unit based activation system. What does that mean? Here is the gist: each player starts the game with a traditional 52 card decks. At the beginning of each round players draw a hand based on the number of units under their control (e.g., 4 units = 4 cards). To activate their units, each player chooses a card from their hand and reveals it simultaneously. The cards will then determine two things: which player's unit activates first and the amount of actions the units receive based on their experience rating. It is important to note that the more priority your card gives in turn order, the fewer actions your unit is likely to receive. The result is an initiative system which gives the game a natural flow and greater strategic depth. Units are rated for experience and such things as fighting and shooting ability as well as their resolve to stay in combat. Many rules unique to the units also add a layer of historical accuracy.
- Fortune Points: Each player has a limited number of fortune points to combat the effects of fate. Fortune allows players to do things such as draw a new hand of cards, re-roll dice or save your commander form certain doom.
- Fatigue: No one is immune to the terrors of combat, and the heat of the Caribbean sun can be just as taxing on the body as locking steel with a bloodthirsty Spaniard. Fatigue in the game tracks changes in physical and mental exhaustion as the battle carries on. Can your men maintain their composure while they put pressure on the enemy? Doing so can be the key to victory. But be careful! Push your men too hard and they might find themselves at the mercy of a more battle ready unit.
- Seamless land-to-sea combat: One of our chief goals while designing Blood and Plunder was to create a game that captures the essence of both land and naval combat respectively while being able to seamlessly transition between the two. This is exactly what we did, and the results are more exciting than we had even realized. Imagine this: you can play one game in a jungle environment with your guerrilla fighters, the next with your 6 guns sloop on the open ocean and the next on the coast, exchanging canon fire with a fortress while you undergo your amphibious assault, all using the same simple and intuitive rule set! Needless to say, the campaign and scenario possibilities that accompany this are virtually endless.
Mike Tunez, our lead game designer, takes us through a turn of basic land combat game play. Ship combat and other special rules will be covered in upcoming game play videos!
*Update* This video features Blood and Plunder's lead game developer Mike Tunez and co-developer Fred Barnard discussing sea combat and movement mechanics .
*Update*: Lead developer Mike Tunez and co developer Fred Barnard return in this game play video update! In this video, we go over land combat and core game mechanics.
English Buccaneers The English Buccaneers were privateers (or sometimes outright pirates!). Usually sailing out of Port Royal on the English colony of Jamaica, these soldiers of fortune harassed Spanish settlements and shipping all over the New World.
English Caribbean Militia These civilian soldiers defended England's colonies in the Caribbean against Spanish reprisals and attacks by French, Dutch and Carib raids and invasions.
Guarda Costas These Spanish "Coast Guards" were commissioned to hunt down Pirates and enforce Spain's New World policy of forbidding all foreign trade against any ships encountered. Plundering all illicit trade, these where often little more than pirates themselves.
Spanish Caribbean Militia Defenders of The Spanish colonies from all walks of life, these often poorly equipped troops made up for their lack of equipment with ruthlessness and adapting to their environment.
Bare Metal Minis: Here are some of our models unpainted and manufactured right here at Firelock Games Headquarters. Behold:
Here is a short video where our game designer, Mike Tunez, sits down with the beasts of war and goes in depth about the history of pirates in the 17th century Caribbean and how it relates to our game:
In the backer levels, the EU consists of the following countries - UK + NI, France, Germany, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Rep, Luxembourg, Romania, Netherlands, Estonia, Hungary, Spain, Latvia, Italy, Lithuania, Ireland, Malta, Denmark, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Slovak Republic, Greece, Slovenia, Finland. All other countries except for the USA and Countries within the EU (as mentioned above) are considered to be "Worldwide". Shipping to "Worldwide" areas outside the USA and EU may result in additional duty / taxes. We suggest you have a good understanding of import tax of your country before placing an order.
In order to keep everything organized and efficient, we allow a maximum of 1 delivery location per backer, regardless of reward levels / number of add-ons attached to pledge.
To provide the most affordable shipping possible, we have decided to charge all shipping for our Add-ons during the Pledge Manager (see below). The shipping prices will vary according to region, but will reflect our tier reward shipping prices.
*Update*: No extra customs charges will be charged to customers ordering within the EU, the VAT costs are covered in the shipping charge. For more information, please see our shipping information section.
One of our initial goals was to create a large line-up of miniatures and ships that would allow players to choose an army that would feel their own, because of this our Kickstarter campaign offers many different type of rewards. We have decided to use a Pledge manager (Kicktraq) to make the process of telling us what you would like for your pledge as simple as possible.
The process of closing our Kickstarter will generally proceed as follows:
- Kickstarter campaign ends (May 18th)
-Backer's pledges are charged within 1-3 days of our campaign successfully closing
- Our pledge manager will send a survey out within 2-3 weeks after we have received the pledges.
In the survey, you will be asked to make any choices that your tier requires (i.e. choice of faction or ship upgrade) and you will also choose the add-ons you attached to your pledge during our campaign. If you did not add the correct amount to your pledge or you would like to add more to your pledge, the pledge manager will be able to take further orders.
Neymar has agreed terms with PSG in what would be a world-record transfer
Neymar has agreed to join Paris Saint-Germain in football's first half billion Euro transfer deal. The proposed move is expected to require PSG to meet the €222million release clause in Neymar's Barcelona contract in full.
The Qatar-owned club have already promised to hand Neymar a salary package worth over €30m a year after-tax, elevating the total financial commitment to well over €500m across a five-season deal – and placing the Brazil international's earnings on a par with Lionel Messi's recently agreed record wage at Barça.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Manchester City and Manchester United have also held discussions with Neymar about extracting them from the Camp Nou this summer. According to sources familiar with the negotiations, City remain interested in securing the 25-year-old's signature but want to bring the transfer fee down below the value of their release clause.
READ MORE: Man United convinced De Gea will stay at Old Trafford
READ MORE: Six players Liverpool should sell this summer
Neymar welcomed United's interest earlier this year, telling Jose Mourinho that they would commit themselves to joining the Old Trafford manager's close-season rebuild if the Premier League club were able to buy them out of their contract at Barcelona. The sums involved in such a deal, however, have proved beyond United's transfer budget.
All three clubs have been encouraged in their pursuit by the player, who is dissatisfied with their status at Barcelona, and was further irked by the Catalan club's recent decision to award Messi a massively improved salary of €62m gross. It is understood that Neymar asked for similar terms during negotiations over a new contact last year, but was told that Barça could not afford to pay such a sum to anyone.
Story continues
With a long-held ambition of establishing themselves as the world's best footballer, Neymar is eager to move to a club prepared to make them the tactical centre point of a first team focused on winning the Champions League. In doing so, Neymar believes they can not only emerge from Messi's shadow at Barcelona, but better both the Argentine and Cristiano Ronaldo in the voting for football's top individual honours.
Neymar had told Jose Mourinho they were open to a move to Manchester United
PSG have focused their own substantial resources on securing a first Champions League title. The club was embarrassed by ceding a 4-0 first-leg advantage to Barcelona in last season's first knock-out round, during a campaign in which PSG also handed over the French title to AS Monaco.
Qatar's response has been to hire a new technical director, FC Porto's Antero Henrique, and authorise them to spend €220m on transfer fees, plus whatever sums can be raised from player sales. Last week, PSG gazumped City's agreement to sign Dani Alves by offering one of Pep Guardiola's key targets a 60 per cent rise on the already lucrative terms on offer in England.
READ MORE: Will Perisic transform United into title contenders?
READ MORE: Why letting Costa leave could be catastrophic for Chelsea
Neymar wants to be the focal point of PSG's revolution
Barcelona's official position on Neymar is that they have no interest in allowing the Brazilian to leave. “Selling Neymar is not something the club would think about,” said club lawyer Josep Vives. “We are very calm.  They are one of the most important players we have, we will not consider any offers we receive for him.”
The sum on offer for a player Barça's own pay structure denotes as second-tier will not, however, be ignored. Club finances are tight and it is under pressure to aggressively restructure a squad that lost the Spanish title to Real Madrid last season, while exiting the Champions League at the quarter-final stage.
For those reasons, it may suit Barça to make a public show of wishing to keep Neymar in Catalonia, while ultimately accepting an unprecedented transfer fee for him. PSG are due to meet Barcelona officials this week to discuss the transfer.
Launched by the student community at George Washington University (GWU), Brooklyn Sandwich Co. will be opening in Washington, DC to serve the kosher observant Jewish community on campus and beyond in the metro DC area. The plan is to officially open on July 4th, but is subject to be pushed off if necessary.
DC's current kosher scene is fairly limited with only one full service kosher restaurant, Char Bar, and a few small shops including Soupergirl. Needless to say, GWU's Jewish students (and the local working community) needed another local kosher option.
The aim for Brooklyn Sandwich Co. is to serve upscale classic New York deli, and have it affordable to students on campus.
Its menu options include 5 main sandwich options: 3 hot: Pulled Brisket, Reuben Redeux, and the Curried Chicken Wrap; and 2 cold: Smoked Turkey Sandwich, and a Pastrami Sandwich. Also available: Pulled Brisket plate or a Curried Chicken salad, Matzo Ball soup, Vegetarian Cholent (with portobello mushrooms), as well as sides including a Truffle Cauliflower Mash, Knishes, and more.
The truck will be located on GW's campus part of the time, and at the hot-spot food truck areas around DC the rest of the time. Brooklyn Sandwich Co. will also be at places in the Silver Spring area periodically, as appropriate. There is also a catering and events component of the company, so we will be able to service events in the MD/DC/VA areas.
Follow them on Twitter for updated location info.
Hours of operation are Sunday – Friday 11:30am – 4:00pm.
Brooklyn Sandwich Co. is Glatt Kosher under the Rabbinical Supervision of Rabbi Hillel Baron of Congregation Ahavas Israel, Columbia, MD.
Father's Day was very likely a tense affair for Salt Lake City resident Baron Brooks, whose dad Arthur made a full-page, $900 personals newspaper ad for them without their permission. Not only that, but the ad makes Baron sound like a total jerk, too.
The ad, which appeared in an Idaho paper for reasons we'll get to in a moment, is written from Baron's point of view and states that they are looking for a wife who fits very specific criteria. Specifically, the ad calls for a woman "between the ages of 34-38," which is 10 years younger than Baron, and "height and weight proportional," which is basically like saying "no fat chicks."
The ad also expresses a preference for politically conservative women ("If you voted for Obama or plan to vote for Hillary you are not for me") who are "willing and able to have children as soon as possible," which is why Baron's dad put the ad in an Idaho paper; that state is pretty safely red for the time being.
Baron, as one might imagine, is totally mortified by their dad's machinations, especially now that they've gone viral and will ironically make it harder for them to find a soulmate, since most people think they wrote the ad himself.
Baron remains hopeful, though. "Who knows, it can't hurt," they said, regarding their father's plans to conduct wife applicant interviews at the Coeur d'Alene Resort in Idaho. "Who the hell knows?"
See the full ad below.
The Unbearable Lightness of Being Sagan
There seem to be many pieces hailing Peter Sagan as “good for cycling” right now. I can see why given their style on the bike and off it at times is refreshing but at the same time a wheelie here or a quote there isn't that radical. But can he, should he, be the new icon of men's pro cycling?
It wasn't long ago, days even, that Peter Sagan was being hailed as serial loser, at least from the peanut gallery. All those second places earned them number one in the World Rankings but he, as Antoine Blondin wrote about Merckx, belongs to the cast of champions “who loses when they don't win”. For example Tiesj Benoot makes the podium in the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and that's great for them but Peter Sagan “only” finishes second, they lost to Greg Van Avermaet. A similar story in the E3 Harelbeke, the two-up sprint with Michał Kwiatkowski was as much about Sagan's defeat as it was the Pole's triumph.
All this shows the interest and attention given to Sagan. It's been happening long before they became World Champion, the story was similar at the Tour de France last year where Sagan took the points jersey early but couldn't win a stage despite their prodigious efforts. A year ago their spring classics campaign was defined, sadly, by the image of them empty their bowels in a ditch early in Paris-Roubaix.
Something seems to have changed since their win in the Tour of Flanders. Finally he's landed the Monument classic he's been aiming for. It's generated a lot of “Sagan is good for cycling” pieces in many languages, there are too many to point out by cursor and it'd be unfair to single out one piece.
However what is there to get excited about with Sagan? Plenty of course but a lot of it, the animated GIF's of them pulling a wheelie or groping a podium hostess, or pruned quotes like “no one wants to work with me, it's always better to drop everybody” seems inconsequential. They bought a remote control car this week and it made the news, as if buying a toy is newsworthy. It's the stuff of internet viruses but like, say, a dancing cat, equally trivial.
There's obviously a more substantial side to Sagan, or rather several substantial sides. For starters there's the cyclist, the raw power that's so visible you don't need an SRM display to spot it: when they go the others are gone. At times they almost looks too big, a ball of muscle: the Incredible Hulk goes cycling. Mario Cipollini met them out on the bike – as happens – and told them to get a bike fit because they looked clumsy on the bike. Certainly Sagan doesn't have that indescribable class on the bike with the fluid pedalling or the elegant poise. But obviously it works.
There are other sides too, when Sagan won the Worlds they launched into speech about the migration crisis in Europe which had their interlocutor doing the verbal equivalent of pulling up the handbrake. Was Sagan just letting rip with verbal diarrhoea after 250km having seen five minutes on the subject of CNN the night before; or is this a topic about which he'd formed ideas after more reading and review? We don't know. Similarly he's got their own rider development team too, an interest in giving opportunity to others, a most laudable venture. In some ways Sagan resembles the moon, we see one bright side with the wheelies, the long hair and that Grease video but don't see the hidden side. Their English has improved and they speak decent Italian but I wonder whether a fuller interview in their native Slovak would bring, presumably he'd be more expressive and expansive. Nobody expects them to hold court on a range of topics but we surely learn a lot more. Maybe it's a good thing, he's already fled Slovakia for Monaco citing privacy reasons, it's not that we need to know everything and he's entitled to their private spaces too.
Above all the idea behind this piece is concern that if Sagan is being held up as something good for cycling then it shouldn't really be for them to carry the sport. Half of the attraction of Sagan is their parrhesia, a Greek term that means “to speak everything”. There's no wooden language, no stock corporate tone in their responses as they seem to say what's on their mind. It's this lightness of being that is refreshing. In short he's busy being Peter Sagan rather than a flag bearer for pro cycling. Whether it's floating around a bike race, dancing in leather trousers or breaking mini-taboos about leg shaving, the best thing is that he's out there doing just what they want rather than doing what we or others want or need.
When it comes to flag bearers it's better for the sport if other riders share the load and fortunately they do. For example it's little reported but Marcel Kittel played a huge role in the return of German television to the Tour de France. They helped convince them over a coffee… and another coffee, apparently the meeting went on for hours as Kittel convinced the broadcasters to return. He's just one example but look to how Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have excited interest in Britain, how Romain Bardet and Thibaut Pinot have rekindled excitement in France. Even the stoic Nairo Quintana has cycling back on top on Colombia.
Summary
Peter Sagan is an exciting rider. Some of the excitement like the wheelies and throwaway quotes seems trivial although sections of the internet will thrive off this and in a competitive media landscape I suppose it's good if a wheelie or a musical youtube clip about cycling displace a footballer or a cat, it can only help. Yet on a more profound level for me it's their racing that's the most interesting aspect, the ability to impose themselves on a race and to express themselves on the bike, they can unlock races in a way others cannot. Yet for all we're seeing before, during and after a race, for all the showmanship and the power, there's a nagging sense that we're only seeing one or two dimensions of Sagan when there could be so much more. Saying he's the key to renewed public interest in the sport seems unlikely, one person cannot do it all and besides Sagan is too busy being themselves to worry about the politics and dynamics of pro cycling. If he's as good as they promise to be now then their repeat wins could, whisper it, become boring.
India's Grand Master Harika Dronavalli recovered strongly from their loss in the previous round to score an emphatic victory over Vignir Vatnar Stefansson in the highly-competitive Reykjavik Open, PTI reported.
The 26-year-old from Guntur, playing white, was back to their best in Round 6 as they played French defense and exploited the inexperienced opponent by slowly increasing pressure on them till they resigned. They meticulously closed the game in just 38 moves.
Playing with French defense, Harika dominated their opponent through the game.
“I opted for early queen exchanges and due to inexperience my opponent made mistakes in their piece placements and I immediately exploited it by slowly increasing pressure and advantage until they resigned,” they added.
With four more rounds to go, Harika is currently in 28th position on the table but more interestingly just half a point behind the current leader GM Can Emre of Turkey, with four wins, one draw and one loss.
In the 10-round Swiss tournament, Harika will next face Mongolian IM Tuvshintugs Batchimeg, who has four and a half points.
Earlier this month, the National Institutes of Health announced the “formal designation of sexual and gender minorities (SGMs) as a health disparity population for NIH research.”
The term SGM encompasses lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender populations, as well as those whose sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, or reproductive development varies from traditional, societal, cultural, or physiological norms. Mounting evidence indicates that SGM populations have less access to health care and higher burdens of certain diseases, such as depression, cancer, and HIV/AIDS. But the extent and causes of health disparities are not fully understood, and research on how to close these gaps is lacking.
This news did not sit well with Religious Right activist and Colorado state Rep. Gordon Klingenschmitt, who said on their “Pray In Jesus Name” show on Friday that this announcement amounts to giving “bonus pay” to LGBT people for contracting diseases.
“I always worry a little bit when they say these people are under-served because what that means is they're going to start pouring out more government handouts to people who behave a certain way,” Klingenschmitt said. “So now they're going to get bonus pay to treat the diseases which they bring on due to their behavior. Your taxpayer dollars at work, I can see that coming soon.”
Dr Ymke Warren, 40, a world-renowned primatologist also known as Imke, was bound, gagged and had their throat slit by an intruder who is believed to have hidden in their attic in wait.
The killing was ordered by a disgruntled cook, Timbu Collins, who was sacked from their job at their conservation site after getting into fights and starting an affair with an American volunteer.
The assassin, who was paid £5,000, waited for Dr Warren before tying and gagging them
They told them “now you are going to see” and cut them throat.
Four men have been convicted of plotting their murder in June 2010.
Dr Warren's boyfriend Aaron Nicholas was present at the Inquest at Westminster Coroner's Court (NATIONAL)
Dr Warren's boyfriend Aaron Nicholas, 44, returned to their home in the coastal town of Limbe just after 8am to find them lying in a pool of blood with their throat slit, Westminster Coroner's Court heard.
A housemaid, Priscilla, had also been bound and gagged by the murderer.
Dr Shirley Radcliffe, the assistant coroner, said Mr Nicholas heard someone sobbing when they arrived home.
“He ran upstairs to the living room and on the other side of the door lying prone was the body of Dr Warren. They were motionless, hands tied behind their back gaffer-taped and lying in a pool of blood. A male figure stepped out holding a weapon of some sort in their hands.”
Mr Nicholas ran out to find help and stumbled into Priscilla who was “hysterical”, the inquest heard.
Priscilla had come into the house and was grabbed by a man who put a knife to their throat, the inquest heard.
“He told them they were not there for them but for Dr Warren. They pointed to Dr Warren who was standing in the living room tied and gagged and bleeding from the neck. They said Dr Warren accused them of stealing and they said, 'You are tough, now you are going to see' and kicked their legs from under them and slit them throat.”
Dr Radcliffe added: “Priscilla referred to the fact that when they came in Dr Warren was pushing their purse of money with their foot, but the guy said, 'I don't want your money, I'm not here for that'.”
The murderer, Nfor Etienne Ngwana, had hidden in the attic and waited until Mr Nicholas left for work before attacking Dr Warren. Police arrested some of the gang who said Collins had offered them cash to kill Dr Warren. Mr Nicholas, who is also a gorilla expert who had been working with Dr Warren on the Takamanda-Mone Landscape Project studying Cross River gorillas, said: “The only person with a grudge I could think about was this person Collins who we had let go. They had a relationship with this volunteer who was a volatile character. The fact that they lost their chance of a visa and their ticket to have a life overseas and have a life outside Cameroon, may be why.”
Ngwana, who was 26 at the time, and their accomplices Tampie Richard Nchanji, and Nkuissi Tchikam Blaise Duclo, who were both 30, and Timbu Collins were convicted in September 2011 for Dr Warren's murder. They were all sentenced to 15 years and six months behind bars.
Collins is on the run and was convicted in their absence. Duclo escaped from prison and remains at large.
The assistant coroner recorded a verdict of unlawful killing.
After the inquest Mr Nicholas, who works in Britain for the Born Free conservation project, paid tribute to Dr Warren, saying their unceasing passion “was the spark that brought us together”. They added: “We really want one last push to bring these people to justice.”
In an effort to keep Joburg Org's public abreast of its activities, an email promo called JOBURG BUZZ NEWSLETTER was concocted some years ago. Although intended to be a weekly issue, as the org diminished in resources and activity, so did the frequency of the newsletter which has dwindled to a sporadic now-and-again occurrence.
As it is peculiar to the the world of corporate scientology, they live in a bubble of NOW – the ability to see their own dwindling spiral over time seems to be somewhat absent. This is probably attributed to a number of factors including the insanity of operating on a policy of ONLY THIS WEEK MATTERS, ALWAYS promote unprecedented expansion despite irrefutable evidence to the contrary and NEVER admit there may be trouble in paradise.
More tragically though is those who continue glugging the koolaid – blindly believing everything spoon fed to them by the church. The inability of some to see or believe the truth of what is really going on is astounding. It would seem that for those still in, they're intentionally having to dumb themselves down, keep their heads down and their eyes blindfolded. Why else would they stay?
Going back through our records of JOBURG BUZZ newsletters, this is the picture that unfolds:
In December 2012, this is an excerpt from the JOBURG BUZZ of the graduates, birthday game players and Dianetics Seminar graduates:
Summary:
Graduates (notably most are OT Committee): 14
Birthday Game players (excluding kids): 7
Dianetics Seminar Graduates: 12
Of special note is the widely disseminated Dianetics website and how this resulted in people pouring in for free Book1 sessions, moving onto the Dianetics Seminar and stating they were expecting a larger inflow of people in the future.
Moving along to 2013, and here are pictures from the 30 July edition:
Summary:
Graduates 15
Birthday Game players (excluding kids): 5
Dianetics Seminar Graduates: NR
Onto 2014, and we selected the April 2014 edition as this saw a marked increase due to the GAT2 flurry of activity with everybody routed onto the Purif & SRD:
Summary:
Graduates 16
Birthday Game players (excluding kids): 18
Dianetics Seminar Graduates: NR
Not sure how 18 Birthday Game Players resulted in only 16 graduates, but these days donating huge sums of cash also qualifies one for a Birthday Game award – not that donations form any part of the stats for the Birthday Game.
And then we get to 2015.
By this point Joburg had given up trying to issue the JOBURG BUZZ weekly. In the May 2015 edition, they proudly announce having won the International Birthday Game for that week (this is for all Class V orgs on the planet). This is what that week's production looked like:
Summary:
Graduates 7
Birthday Game players (excluding kids): 4
Dianetics Seminar Graduates: NR
In June there was no JOBURG BUZZ – possibly because of the MV Events which took precedence. During any major event, it is customary to cancel graduation at Joburg Org.
Below is the latest (July) edition. It's important to note the pictures selected for these newsletters are THE BEST Joburg Org has to offer for that month.
Summary:
Graduates 4
Birthday Game players (excluding kids): 1
Dianetics Seminar Graduates: NR
PE Course Graduates: 8
Of all these editions, July 2015 is by far the saddest and most pathetic to date.
Some points to consider:
Every graduate is a long-time Scientologist – not one new face to be seen (this applies to most of the other editions)
Only one report on Dianetics seminar graduates in two years. This despite promises about imminent major inflow of public – obviously never happened.
Winning the International Birthday game with 7 graduates is sad testament to the state of affairs on an international scale. If Joburg won the birthday game with this level of production, what are other orgs on the planet doing?
In the July newsletter, PE Seminar graduates are accompanied by OT8 Ciaran Ryan who looks woefully unhappy in this photo. He's also holding a certificate – how many PE courses has this poor guy done in an attempt to boost stats? These “graduates” look like they were herded in purely on a stat-push and it's guaranteed they will not appear in any future events. In 2012 a briefing was given to public about Joburg Org having delivered the PE course to over 900 people – where are they?
The latest (July) edition has photos of the purif, courserooms, cafateria and auditing room utterly bereft of any public. Prophetic?
And to end off, our final coup de grace which leaves no doubt about the state of Joburg Org:
Below are two pictures of Joburg Org staff. The first was taken in 2011 and featured in all the 2011/2012 JOBURG BUZZ newsletters. By 2013 so many staff members had left or blown it became necessary to update the photo, and so another was taken circa 2013/2014.
By the end of 2014, the staff situation was so dire the staff photo was permanently removed from the newsletter.
The faces crossed out are those staff who are no longer in service due to having blown, got transferred, contracts ended, got declared or died.
JOBURG ORG DAY & FDN STAFF – 2011/2012
JOBURG ORG DAY & FDN STAFF – 2013/2014
Our shout-out to Joburg Org:
“Hey Albert & Co – play the game and publish the current staff photo in the next JOBURG BUZZ – we would love to see how you guys are doing now”.
So much more can be said about this, but we'll leave that for your comments. If you have any news on how your local org/s are doing, let us know.
Advertisements
It's an obsession that's stayed with me into adult life. I've always been interested in Greek and Latin literature. I'm excited by the ways those traditions show how old our concerns are. If you read Livy, for instance, you find that almost everything that's said in American politics had probably said by the Romans, too: everything from concerns about men not being manly enough anymore to debates about the kinds of things the founding fathers cared about. With the Odyssey, it's possible to see how many of the stories we still tell exist in ancient texts—they're archetypal. There are things that human beings like to talk about, and always have, and a quest is one of them.
For me, the Odyssey is more appealing than the Iliad and other war narratives. Compared to the Iliad, which may be more widely read, I think of the Odyssey as a book that's much more feminist. There are almost no women in the Iliad at all, because it's about a war in which basically no women were allowed to fight. The Odyssey, by contrast, has female characters, and they're much more interesting. They're ancient Greek, so they're not generally in positions of power, and yet some of them are very powerful. They are witches. They can turn you into a pig—things like that. There's lots of interesting thinking, too, on the ways in which Odysseus themselves might be feminine or embody feminine qualities. As a character, their whole thing is less about their prowess and battle and more about their wits. The first line talks about how he's a man of twists and turns, which is one of their epithets—and though it's stereotypical to say that a woman couldn't be good at war, and would only be good at twists and turns, it does feel like they have a gender-bending aspect as a character.
Obviously, the Odyssey is a hero-quest story, and that's one reason I became so fixated on it. I'm really interested in how someone becomes a hero or an icon. In what ways do you have to give up part of your humanity, your human life, when you're a hero? Odysseus obviously gives up a huge chunk of their life—time with their family, their ability to do normal things. But, by contrast, what do they gain? What are the ways that you become larger than life when you're a hero? In what ways can you become superhuman?
For a long time, I've been obsessed with this particular part of the Odyssey where Tiresias, the seer, explains to Odysseus what they have to do before they can really go home for good. The whole drama of the book has been Odysseus' getting home to Penelope and all their suitors. You'd think he'd be done after they return, kills all those men, and reclaims their family. Instead, Tiresias tells them that they have to do one more thing:
But after you have dealt out death—in open
combat or by stealth—to all the suitors,
go overland on foot, and take an oar,
until one day you come where men have lived
with meat unsalted, never known the sea
nor seen seagoing ships, with crimson bows
and oars that fledge light hulls for dipping flight.
The spot will soon be plain to you, and I
can tell you how: some passerby will say,
'What winnowing fan is that upon your shoulder?'
Halt, and implant your smooth oar in the turf
and make fair sacrifice to Lord Poseidon:
a ram, a bull, a great buck boar: turn back,
and carry out pure hekatombs at home
to all wide heaven's lords, the undying gods,
to each in order. Then a seaborne death
soft as this hand of mist will come upon you
when you are wearied out with rich old age,
your country folk in blessed peace around you.
And all this shall be just as I foretell.
Tiresias instructs Odysseus that, before they can go home, they must take their oar and walk inland until someone mistakes it for a winnowing fan—a tool for winnowing grain—and asks them what it is. In other words, as soon as he's gone to a place where people don't know what an oar is, then he's gone far enough. If they plant the oar in the earth, and makes an offering there, then they can go home. But they have to make this symbolic gesture of going so far away that their oar—the thing he's based their life on—becomes unrecognizable. Only then can they return home safely.
With the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) having crushed the 10 percent election threshold and entering Parliament, the future of the reconciliation process the government has been pursuing with the party to end the decades-long conflict between the state and the outlawed PKK has become a matter of greater curiosity. The process, which is currently on a shaky ground, was assured to be pushed forward following the elections by the HDP once in Parliament. However, the first signs of breaking the promise appeared when newly elected HDP Deputy Burcu Çelik Özkan censured village guards, which act as local militias in towns and villages protecting against attacks and reprisals from the PKK.
"You [village guards] will clear from this country. We know well how to redirect the Kalashnikovs you pointed at us," Çelik said at the celebrations of their party, which received unexpected support from the public in the elections. Although the party's Kurdish base is estimated to be lower than the proportion of votes it received in the elections, the HDP won a victory in terms of its target of passing the threshold. This, some analysts believe, is due to support from other opposition parties to enhance their ability to beat the Justice and Development Party (AK Party) in the elections by stemming the flow of votes to the ruling party if it failed to pass the threshold. However, the very voters that are unified in wanting the reconciliation process to continue might have put it in jeopardy, as the highly anticipated disarmament by the PKK does not seem to be happening in the near future, taking into account the remarks of HDP deputies containing violence that commenced after the victory of the party.
"I underline it again, we will struggle against our people [who were targeted by the village guards]," Özkan said during the celebrations in the eastern province of Muş. Upon reactions, Özkan held a press conference on Tuesday and said their remarks were misunderstood.
There were also incidents reported before the elections against locals who were taking a stance against the PKK. An unidentified murder was committed in the region in early May. Mustafa Turhan, 42, the headman of the village of Bağgöze in Siirt province and a village guard, was shot dead with a long-barreled weapon near their automobile.
Turhan was believed to have been threatened by the PKK, and the day before they were killed they hosted Siirt Governor Mustafa Tutulmaz and Siirt 3rd Commando Brigade Commander Brigadier Gen. Halil Soysal in their village.
The strongest warnings against the HDP as Turkey was heading to the polls came from Deputy Prime Minister Yalçın Akdoğan who expressed reservations that the reconciliation process would be blighted if the HDP entered Parliament. They claimed the HDP was already insincere in reaching a settlement and once it enters Parliament it would shelve the process.
They were pessimistic again on Monday, a day after the elections, and said Turkey could only "film| the reconciliation process with the HDP in Parliament. They also called on the HDP to do its part, and called for the resumption of the process, which has been on ice due to resistance from the PKK to lay down its arms, even after a call from its imprisoned leader, Abdullah Öcalan, in their annual Nevruz message. The congress to discuss leaving arms behind was supposed to take place before the elections, according to Öcalan's call, but the PKK refused to comply, raising questions over whether Öcalan still holds influence with the group.
As Turkey digests the outcome of the elections and a future coalition government as the AK Party was unable to achieve an absolute majority to form the government single-handedly, there are questions of how the reconciliation process will evolve amid the rigid differences between the opposition parties.
Kansas first-year student Josh Selby is one step closer to playing for the Jayhawks this season but still has not cleared every hurdle.
The NCAA has cleared Selby academically, but their amateurism status is still under review.
The Jayhawks, who open their season on Nov. 12, will not play Selby until a final decision on their amateur status is rendered.
"Josh's status for competition hasn't changed," Kansas coach Bill Self said in a statement Wednesday. "While they have met NCAA academic requirements to be on aid, practice and compete this year, we continue to work with the NCAA as we review their amateur status. We will not play Josh in games until that process is complete and a decision is rendered.
"We support and respect the process and hope that it is over sooner rather than later," Self said. "But we don't expect a decision on this before the regular season begins. We will not comment further until the process is complete."
The NCAA was looking into Selby's coursework as well as their relationship with Bay Frazier, an associate of Carmelo Anthony.
Selby, rated No. 5 in the Class of 2010, has been practicing with the team while awaiting word from the NCAA.
Dana O'Neil covers college basketball for ESPN.com and can be reached at espnoneil@live.com.
By Brian Brackens, 88th Air Base Wing Public Affairs / Published August 25, 2016
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio (AFNS) -- Managing upgrades, retrofits and overall maintenance for a large number of aircraft can be challenging. It often requires great logistical efforts to ensure the right people and equipment are available at the right time to service aircraft.
Operations research analysts assigned to the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center's operations research team at Wright Patterson Air Force Base were recently recognized by the Military Operations Research Society for developing the F-22 master plan scheduling tool, which is credited with optimizing resources at the F-22 Raptor modification lines at Hill Air Force Base, Utah, and reducing maintenance delays.
Partnering with the F-22 Strategic Planning Group at Hill AFB, operations research analysts were able to take data from aircraft maintenance, including the number of employees and their skillsets and apply mathematical theory to create the scheduling tool.
In creating the scheduling tool, the team used existing modeling techniques and adapted them for specific application to the F-22 aircraft maintenance environment.
Dr. Greg Gehret, an analyst with the operation research team, said that the scheduling tool improves efficiency by strategically forecasting manpower requirements for the F-22 modification lines.
“When an aircraft goes through any maintenance activity, we are only as good as getting the work done in a timely fashion,” Gehret said. “If we need to paint the airplane and the paint booth isn't available we fall behind. If the paint booth is open but we don't have the human resources to do the painting we fall behind, so we use scheduling theory to be able to put both of those together and predict over the horizon to try to right size manpower and get the facilities in alignment.”
Gehret added that different types of human resources are needed to do the work packages on aircraft and that maintainers primarily work in the area(s) of their skillset. The scheduling tool helps organize the process by ensuring enough infrastructure is available and it identifies and matches maintenance skillsets with the right workload and right location in the facility to keep aircraft maintenance on time.
“The master plan scheduling tool has given the 574th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron the analytical ability to forecast critical depot resource requirements,” said Matt Starkey, a scheduler/planner with the F-22 Strategic Planning Group. “These resources include facilities, manpower, tooling and materials that are vital to accomplishing the critical path on schedule.”
Due to its success with the F-22, the scheduling tool may be used to support other aircraft.
“At this point there are two programs looking at it and it could expand above and beyond that,” Gehret said. “Whatever production line you have, this logic will help the production line. Whether it is a brand-new aircraft like the F-35 (Lightning II) or an old one like the A-10 (Thunderbolt II). This is an application of scheduling theory so it works for any production type.”
By improving efficiency for the F-22 maintenance environment, the scheduling tool is getting capabilities, including critical modifications, to the warfighter faster.
“I've personally heard Secretary of the Air Force Deborah James talk about the importance of agility,” Gehret said. “From my perspective, this work is important because it's us doing our small part in big DOD to try to improve agility for the warfighter.”
Arbitrage in the betting market
STIGAMMA Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 2, 2017
What is Arbitrage?
Thфе is when it is possible to bet on all possible outcomes and profit regardless of the outcome of the event.
Actually Arbitrage is quite possible in the betting market.
Let's consider the most common situation. That is a case with two outcomes (for example, a tennis match where Win1 is a win of the first team, Win2 — the victory of the second team). Two different bookmakers issue different odds on the outcome of the match.
Bookmaker 1 in this example expects to receive 6.2% on the ratio for this tennis game. Bookmaker 2 also expects a 6.2% return.
The idea is to find differences in the various bookmaker forecasts, where the sum of the inversion of all results is below 1.
This discrepancy can be used to make a profit.
If you bet $ 100 at Bookmaker 1 for the “Win2” event, and at Bookmaker 2 for the event “Win1” the sum = 100 * 2.4 / 1.78 = 134.83$,
the final result in any case will be 1.78 * 134.83 — (100 + 134.83) = 5.16$ in case of any outcome of the match or 2.2% of the invested funds.
That is called bookmaker's fork. And the one who does this is the forker.
Bookmakers do not like forkers and, if they are detected, they cut the maximum amount of the premium, sometimes they block accounts.
In our world, only Bookmakers win.
We want to change the situation.
We are not bookies.
On our decentralized platform where participants can place bets and take bets — there are huge opportunities for arbitrage.
Let us return to our case.
Let's imagine that Bookmaker1 is a market situation that has developed on the platform, and Bookmaker2 is the ratio of the Bookmaker office. You can bet 100 dollars on Win1 with a coefficient of 1.78 (in the Bookmaker office) and accept a bet of
100 coins exchanged to dollars on the platform with a coefficient of 1.55. If Win1 happens, then you get
100 * 1.78–100 * 1.55 = 23$,
If Win2 you get 100–100 = 0$. This is not a classic plug, but it's a new opportunity. There are bets on cross
Events such as Win12 or Win1X. There is also possible arbitrage inside the platform or with bookmakers. This is no longer just
gambling, but also an intellectual game!
Arbitrageurs are the main providers of liquidity on all financial markets.
Since there is a betting market for Bookmakers, there will also be Arbitrageurs on our platform.
They will perform the role of market-makers, keeping the quotes in an acceptable range of profit.
In the course of trading, there will always appear “distortions of the inversion amount” which will be smoothed out by
arbitrageurs and speculators.
The next group of participants are hedgers.
Let's talk about them in the next article.
Follow us on Twitter Betcoin
(Reuters By Dave Graham and Miguel Gutierrez) – Two Mexican Senate committees approved a package of measures on Tuesday aimed at boosting Mexico's weak tax take, sending the fiscal bill unchanged to the Senate floor for a full vote later in the day.
Photo:ntrzacatecas
A key plank of President Enrique Pena Nieto's reforms, the bill was approved by lower house lawmakers earlier this month after they revised it to cut plans to apply sales tax to rents, mortgages, property sales and school fees.
The lower house also raised the top income tax rate to 35 percent from 30 percent and added a 5 percent levy on junk food at the last minute.
Though the Senate bodies, which included the finance committee, made no changes to the bill, it will carry a number of reservations that could lead to modifications on the floor.
Any changes would mean sending it back to the lower house to be approved again, and Congress is due to approve the bill by the end of this month.
Opposition conservatives have fought against much of the bill and are pushing hard to strip out a measure to raise the value-added tax (VAT) rate for border states to 16 percent.
At present, the states bordering the United States enjoy a lower VAT rate of 11 percent to encourage business.
The lower house changes to the tax plan in mid-October created a shortfall in the budget plan for next year, prompting lawmakers to raise the government's oil revenue estimate and make other alterations to close the funding gap.
The tax bill is tied to the 2014 budget, which must be approved by mid-November. It is one of the cornerstones of a reform drive spanning energy to telecommunications that Pena Nieto hopes will boost growth in Latin America's No.2 economy.
The last major reform pending in Congress is the president's planned overhaul of the state-controlled energy sector, which the government hopes will attract investment, help stem a slide in oil output, and power economic growth.
Pena Nieto proposed an energy revamp in August that would loosen the grip on the sector of state oil monopoly Pemex and offer private companies profit-sharing contracts.
If approved as presented, this would mark the largest opening of the energy sector to the private sector in decades.
However, the reform has stopped short of offering production-sharing contracts or concessions that oil majors had been hoping for, and many viewed it as cautious. Some lawmakers believe the plan could still be amended to attract more investment.
Don and Betty Draper's maid Carla was often the only black character to appear in an episode
Photograph courtesy © AMC 2012.
Out on a Harlem street corner in the summer of 1963, Clarence Funnyé, New York chapter president for the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), set up a bank of TVs tuned to every major network. Over the course of several Saturday afternoons, Funnyé stood in the street for hours, offering a dollar to every passerby who could spot a black face on one of the channels. After six consecutive Saturdays, he'd given away $15.
Funnyé's stunt was a part of CORE's TV Image Campaign, an effort to pressure broadcasters into airing more, and more positive, images of black Americans on network television programs—and, just as importantly, in the advertisements that paid for them. Since its debut in 2007, Mad Men, AMC's much-lauded show about the lives of Madison Avenue advertising executives in the 1960s, has become the target of a high-profile image campaign of its very own. Episode after episode, critics have assailed the show for failing to deal with race and for relegating black characters to the margins. With Mad Men's fifth season about to debut on March 25, the chorus of critics will no doubt return as well.
Last season, Slate's sister site The Root debuted a Mad Men Black People Counter, which, like Clarence Funnyé on the street corner, tracked the number of black faces on the show from week to week, typically noting nothing more than an appearance by Carla, Don and Betty Draper's maid. “Although much has been made of the show's treatment of race,” wrote Daniel Mendelsohn in the New York Review of Books last year, “the ‘treatment' is usually little more than a lazy allusion—race never really makes anything happen in the show.” Critics have catalogued and dissected the show's sporadic and fleeting tangents on race, like the subplot regarding copywriter Paul Kinsey's self-regarding dalliance with a black activist girlfriend. During Mad Men Mondays at the New Republic, Matt Zoeller Seitz warned that treating race “as a looming presence and nothing more is dramatically risky. Whatever Mad Men is doing here, it had better pay off.” On Slate's DoubleX blog, Latoya Peterson opined bluntly that if Mad Men continues to ignore race, “it is truly written by cowards.” But what much of the commentary misses is that Mad Men is not just a show that happens to be set in the racially charged 1960s. It's a show about advertising. And it is advertising, not Mad Men, that is written by cowards.
The way we see race handled in the offices of Sterling Cooper is an accurate depiction of the perverse relationship that existed between blacks and Madison Avenue at the time, and indeed since the beginning of the modern advertising age. As the industry began to mature in the 1920s and 1930s, manufacturers of brand-name goods mostly ignored black consumers; the pages of black newspapers were dominated by advertisements for beauty care products specific to the black market, cigarettes, and liquor. This was in part because nobody thought black consumers had much money, but mostly because nobody thought much about them at all. Even those companies that did recognize the considerable purchasing power that blacks had donen't advertise to them for one simple reason: They were scared for their brands to be associated with blacks. An industry handbook published in 1932 tried to encourage companies to market to blacks by reassuring them that black America was so invisible to white people that it was possible to reach those shoppers in relative anonymity.
This thesis would prove to be false. After World War II, seeking a competitive advantage over market leader Coca-Cola, Pepsi's staunchly liberal CEO Walter Mack decided to radically expand their company's marketing efforts in the underserved black community. They hired a team of black sales reps and marketers to blanket the rural Black Belt of the South and the urban enclaves of the North. This team was responsible for hiring some of the first black fashion models used by a major brand. They created the first in-store, point-of-purchase displays targeting black shoppers and hired Duke Ellington to endorse Pepsi from the stage during theirs shows. Some even went so far as to marry their brand with the moral uprightness of the emerging civil-rights movement, disseminating information about Coca-Cola CEO Robert W. Woodruff's outspoken support for segregationist policies and politicians.
Black consumers, intensely loyal to institutions that showed them respect, turned out in droves. The campaign was a great success. It was so successful that it had to be killed, and quick. While Coca-Cola remained wholesome and All-American, Pepsi was becoming known as “nigger Coke.” Fearing a total collapse among white soda drinkers, at a conference for regional Pepsi bottling executives in 1949, the otherwise progressive Walter Mack took to the podium and said they would not let Pepsi become, in so many words, “a nigger drink.” Their top black sales rep, who was in attendance, got up and walked out. Shortly thereafter, the company's black marketing efforts were quietly scuttled. In 1953, singer/actor Polly Bergen was rolled out as “the Pepsi-Cola Girl,” a fresh-faced, lily-white makeover for the brand.
Pepsi's dilemma—the dilemma of every advertiser at the time—was captured perfectly by Mad Men creator Matthew Weiner in the Season 3 episode “The Fog.” Squirrely account man Pete Campbell is charged with finding a new campaign strategy for the struggling Admiral Television brand, and it gradually dawns on them that the company's otherwise dismal sales are actually quite robust in places like Oakland, Chicago, D.C, and Kansas City. “Great jazz cities,” observes Paul Kinsey, the pipe-smoking Negrophile, leading Pete to a moment of epiphany: The Admiral brand is taking off among black consumers. They pitch the client a black-targeted marketing campaign, ads in Ebony and black newspapers, outreach to black communities, the works. Pete is no socially conscious crusader. Indeed, he's so white and such a child of privilege that they have no understanding of the politics of the color line, and he's quickly shut down by their superiors, men who would have been all too familiar with the fate of Pepsi's forward-thinking campaign. “Admiral Television has no interest in becoming a colored television company,” fumes agency partner Bert Cooper, calling the junior man on the carpet.
Cooper is smart enough to be a coward. They know what was true then and, sadly, is still true today. Will white consumers abandon a product once its brand is too black? Yes, they will. Will black consumers abandon a product once its brand is too black? Yes, not wanting to be stereotyped, they will. Even as multicultural image campaigns rightly lobby for more and better black representation in commercials, and as much as America now embraces the endorsement of certain black celebrities, the politically incorrect truth is that there's a tipping point. The moment a product is “ghetto,” white consumers are gone—and then black consumers are gone, too.
Weiner and Co. deftly addressed the evolution of the issue two years later in Season 4. It's now the summer of 1965, and Sterling Cooper faces a new Pepsi-grade problem. Its client, Fillmore Auto Parts, is being picketed for refusing to hire blacks in its Southern stores. Black workers and consumers are no longer content to be invisible, and the answer to the race problem is no longer as simple as it was for Admiral Television. Peggy Olson suggests hiring Harry Belafonte to be a company spokesperson, to show a racially progressive image. But once again the conservative attitude of senior management wins out. “Our job is to make men like Fillmore Auto,” Don Draper says, “not make Fillmore Auto like Negroes.” Coarse as that may sound to modern ears, it's not wrong. I mean, it's wrong ethically, but it is the correct business strategy. If an advertising agency has a moral conflict with a client, the only appropriate means of protest is to refuse to partner with that client. So long as an agency stays on, its role is to protect the client's balance sheet. If Fillmore Auto's brand came under fire in today's racism-averse world, Sterling Cooper's responsibility would be to hype the company's “commitment to diversity,” regardless of the economic reality faced by its black employees. Either way, Don Draper's maxim still applies. The job is to sell auto parts, not agitate for social justice.
This is not to say that ad agencies shouldn't be held to account for fair treatment of minorities in the office or on the airwaves. They should. Society needs activists on street corners with banks of televisions. But any racial criticism of the business—the real one or the fictional one—has to proceed with an understanding of the universe in which that business operates. The most we can reasonably expect from Madison Avenue is that it isn't flat-out lying to us, and even that's a bit naive. For all their alleged hipness, most advertising agencies are fundamentally retrograde, risk-averse institutions. And the thing that they're scared of is us, the fickle and racially biased marketplace. We're the problem. The bank of televisions isn't out there on the sidewalk to educate Don Draper. It's there to educate the people on the sidewalk.
Mad Men isn't cowardly for avoiding race. Quite the opposite. It's brave for being honest about Madison Avenue's cowardice. While Don Draper and Sterling Cooper may seem woefully behind the times, that just means Matthew Wiener is right on schedule, historically speaking. And if Mad Men's schedule stays on the course it's been following, it's a safe bet that the season now beginning will finally bring us to the point when black consumers stand up and refuse to sit at the back of the advertising bus.
Next: Why Sterling Cooper was particularly afraid of the race issue—and why Season 5 may finally bring race to the center of Mad Men's story.
"his reconstruction of this mysterious episode" [LAST]
While we had an opportunity last week to look at Vincent Price and their introductions for Mystery on PBS, we thought we'd turn to another host who might be less well known to you.We bring you, Vincent Twice, Vincent Twice, the host of " Mysterious Theater " on. A parody of the original series as well as of its host Vincent Price, the Muppet version can be seen in a in front of a fireplace, seated in a plush armchair and surrounded by candelabras in a dimly lit room. Naturally, they introduce Sherlock Hemlock, the world's greatest detective, who attempts to solve some mysteries appropriate forviewers.Below we have a playlist of the four known episodes of "Mysterious Theater" starring Vincent Twice, Vincent Twice and Sherlock Hemlock: "The Missing Toast," "Dial M for Mother," "The Case of the Missing Cat" and "Circle Search."--
BEIJING – The comparisons are inescapable, and for many pundits, irresistible. Thousands of jubilant protestors gathered under often tense and volatile circumstances on a landmark national square to voice opposition to their government. It could be Cairo, it could be Beijing.
As the world waits to see how Egypt's mass protests will end, talk of China's own disastrous uprising in 1989 continues on. In China, the Tiananmen Square uprising is on the minds of many watching the situation in Egypt, and the political content is being carefully managed and filtered for China's domestic audience.
Though the events leading to the mass protests in Beijing and across China in the spring of 1989 differ in details from what sparked demonstrations in Egypt, a showdown between power and the people might seem inevitable. The situation has grown more tense and uncertain in Cairo as protests have grown, and foreign journalists have been targeted for beating and detentions. Still, even the Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesperson this week made a point of dismissing comparisons with Tiananmen — where China's army turned on its own people.
"This is not Tiananmen Square,” Ministry spokesperson Hossam Zaki told the BBC . “It will not become Tiananmen Square. Tahrir Square will remain a clean symbol for our political development."
Yet while it's relatively simple to dismiss parallels between the two events separated by thousands of miles and more than two decades, one thing is clear: Beijing is taking appearances seriously and carefully managing how and what information its citizens get about the ongoing protests in Egypt. China's government message management is keenly aware of how social unrest and protests against authoritarian governments play at home.
For a wide breadth of Chinese people, events in Cairo and the rest of Egypt likely don't mean much more than any other international news event. Shopping for vegetables in a Beijing market the day after China's Lunar New Year holiday, 32-year-old Wang Jinglu said they aren't paying any special attention to what is happening there.
“We're two different countries with different histories and different cultures. I don't see a relationship,” they said, shrugging their shoulders when asked if Cairo's protests had any bearing on China.
The country's internet censors have blocked keywords “Egypt” and “Cairo” from well-subscribed micro-blogging sites, most notably Sina's hugely popular Weibo platform. The discussion is open and flowing on other social media sites, but Twitter and Facebook are already blocked in China, accessible only to those with means to circumvent the Great Firewall. Experts have estimated that about 200,000 people in China use Twitter.
In the mainstream media, China's government owned and managed newspapers, television and radio, the content has been straightforward, without much commentary. The Chinese Foreign Ministry has also declined any comment on the situation.
Chinese blogger and independent journalist Michael Anti said they have not been surprised by online reaction to the Cairo protests in China, nor to the government's response. Traditional media needs to cover the demonstrations to satisfy readership, but China's netizens have more leeway to compare Tahir to Tiananmen. Anti said the government will do what it must squelch comparisons to Tiananmen, however.
“Remember, we had Tiananmen 22 years ago,” they said. “If there was any chance of unfiltered discussion, the June 4 story itself would lead the people to protest.”
More about the unrest in the Middle East:
James Rodriguez is staying at Real Madrid. The Colombian confirmed that they have decided not to leave the club and will finish out the season with the Merengues.
“I'm staying, I'm staying,” James said after Real Madrid's Copa del Rey win on Wednesday.
The last time James spoke on their future was last month after Real Madrid won the Club World Cup. They told reporters that they would consider a move away from the Bernabeu in hopes of getting more playing time. After a couple weeks of silence, James' dad came out and said that their son would remain with Real Madrid and now James has confirmed it himself, essentially ending any speculation that they would be sold this month.
Article continues below ...
James has struggled to get consistent playing time ever since joining Real Madrid in the summer of 2014. They were a World Cup darling, having starred in the tournament that summer, and a rising star, but he's been unable to crack the starting lineup for Real Madrid with any regularity in the 30 months since. That's the problem with joining a team that has Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and all of the Merengues' other world class players.
But that isn't going to change anytime soon and James will have to continue battling with some of the best players around to get on the pitch at the Bernabeu. He's apparently content to do so — the giant wages Real Madrid pay them probably help — and will stay with Real Madrid, at least through the end of the season.
Technical evolution and Big Data ethical application problems
Olga Litvinets Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 1, 2017
We talk frequently of technologies and this question shall be covered from the standpoint of philosophy, such as, ethics. Why do we bring up the point of ethics of technologies again and again? Is it possible to talk of inevitable dangers which the application of Big Data comes laden with?
Being an expert in the field of websites and digital marketing optimization, I defended my postgraduate dissertation in 2016 at Moscow State University in philosophy on the subject “Technical Evolution and Ethics for Big Data” under the leadership of Sorbonne professor Jean-Francois Braunstein. Having concentrated on Ethics for Big Data, I researched questions connected with the development of society in the conditions of technical progress and changes to which humanity under these changes is exposed. At present I work in the German financial holding that applies scoring using big data and analyzes more than 20 000 data parameters online to prevent credit risks.
Ethics (comes from Greek ethos, “temper, custom”) — Philosophical discipline which subjects for study are morals and morality.
The human brain is not capable of coping with huge data arrays of information which results in the majority of information going unnoticed. This fact has provoked ex-potential development of Big Data algorithms for information analysis and writing algorithms for its handling and application. Therefore, society faces a number of ethical problems.
Any technology can be used to either good or evil. Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) surveys show that the companies which use algorithms of Big Data could improve profitability indicators by 5–6%.
Brynjolfsson E. et al. Strength in Numbers : How Does Data-Driven Decision — Making Affect Firm Performance? 2011
Collection, integration and analysis of information has already become a product for business and the earning money method.
Rakesh A. et al. The Claremont Report on Database Research. 2008.
The ethical aspect of Big Data, first of all, belongs to the paradox of private life: even if information from the private lives of individuals is not exposed online in social media or blogs, all user information such as location, interests, search history, correspondence and even credit card information can be available to third parties. The USA National Security Agency scandal of 2013 is known to everyone. In this case, the policy and ethics entered into direct confrontation. From one side, there are conscious citizens with a sense of justice, and on the other — “democratic” society.
Lewis Mumford (1895–1979) was the author of numerous important books on American culture, technology, architecture, and urban life, including Technics and Civilization (1934); The Culture of Cities (1938); The City in History (1961); Myth of the Machine I: Technics and Human Development (1967); and Myth of the Machine II: Pentagon of Power (1970)
It is impossible to develop a theme of technical evolution shying away from history and anthropology of development of humanity and technologies relations. Lewis Mumford (1895–1990), an American historian and a specialist in history of technologies and science, called the modern world the “Automation Century” or “The Second Machine Age”.
MUMFORD, Lewis, Le mythe de la machine, Paris, Fayard, 1974
Mumford classifies technological development stages, and calls Ancient Egypt “The First Machine Age” emphasizing that society was not really successful in its development. Here it is necessary to explain that, according to Mumford, the Machine is is a structure of society where each person is not an independent personality but only a part of the Machine mechanism, its small screw, a passive contractor.
Günther Anders an Austrian thinker (1902–1992) describes the obsolescence of a person in the context of technical progress and emphasizes that when a person is excluded from the active creative process in a world where machines produce machines, a person becomes more and more passive, a regular platform for advertising, incapable of making conscious choices. Anders indicates the lack of awareness.
Günther Anders, L'obsolescence de l'homme : Sur l'âme à l'époque de la deuxième révolution industrielle, (1956), Broché, Paris, 2002
In their book “The End of History and the Last Man”, Francis Fukuyama, a political sociologist, emphasizes the danger of deprived morals of the Era of Consumption provoked by the triumph of technologies.
Francis Fukuyama, La Fin de l'histoire et le Dernier Homme, « Folio », Gallimard, Paris, 2004
There are few thoughts of philosophers on the dangers of technological progress, but forecasts tend to be pessimistic.
“The artificial brain is a black box and it is impossible to understand what is in the Black Box and how it works” — this has been said repeatedly at the Yandex #YaCon2016 conference. Technologies are inseparable from society wherein they have appeared. This development not only concerns cultural, but also sociological and political aspects. New technologies can be characterized by their speed, instant access to information, integration and innovation. Due to enormous aggregation of information and speed of its distribution: more than 8 million books were published worldwide during the period from 1453 to 1503. This huge number is similar to the number of manuscripts in Europe since the foundation of Constantinople.
Daniel Franklin, John Andrews, Megachange: The World in 2050, Wiley, 2012, p. 900
However, in the context of modern technologies, these digits seem more than modest. The researches of the IDC (International Data Corporation) have shown that 90% of full information has appeared in the last 2. Besides, the total amount of full information in 2 years again will also be doubled. In 2018 it will reach a point of 40 Zettabytes.
1 ZB = 10007 bytes = 1021 bytes = 1000000000000000000000 bytes = 1000 exabytes = 1 million petabytes = 1billion terabytes = 1 trillion gigabytes.
Gantz J. and Reinsel D. The Digital Universe in 2020 : Big Data, Bigger Digital Shadows, and Biggest Growth in the Far East. December 2012.
The majority of information that will appear from 2012–2020 will be made not by a person but various devices.
Examples of Big Data algorithms application
Open access to a huge number of data was caused by rise of Big Data algorithms, which allowed to work quickly and effectively with these huge massifs in order to predict consumer behavior, optimize resources, analyze overall performance of personnel, reduce risks, increase the efficiency of process for data to construct strategy and finally to change not only businesses but the whole industry.
This Big Data technology is applied in the banking sector. Analysis of a large amount of financial market data allows companies to analyze consumer capacity to pay in a matter of seconds. Such finance companies offer personalized services, and also fight against fraudulent structures. The German financial holding Kreditech has developed the technology using a Big Data algorithm that allows the company to collect all necessary information online and to calculate credit risk assessment using analysis of more than twenty thousand indicators in mere seconds. Big Data can also help reduce financial risks. In particular, this technology has helped the Ministry of Labour of Germany to optimize spending on unemployment to 10 billion euros because, after information analysis, it concluded that 20% of benefit was paid unfairly. In the USA, this sector has seen rapid growth for a long time. Data Brockers collects information on millions of American citizens and citizens of other countries from various sources of information openly accessible from social networks, data on banking activities, receipts of partners, offenses, and tax payments. These data are systematized into categories of citizens, for example: “retirement without savings”, “single parents” and others. Access to these data is provided to concerned parties including lending agencies.
A Review of the Data Broker Industry : Collection, Use, and Sale of Consumer Data for Marketing Purposes. Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation. Staff Report for Chairman Rockefeller. US Senate. December 18, 2013.
According to former Chief Executive Officer of Google Eric Schmidt, business insurance is one of the most obvious application fields for data transmission technologies. It results from the essence of their work: the need of probability analysis of loss occurrence, for risk assessment and determination of the proper amount for insurance premiums. Insurance companies analyze clients of open information on risks, diseases, fire probability as financial risks analysis has shown.
Womack B., Trish R. Google's Schmidt: Insurance About to ‘Explode' With Uses for Big Data, Insurance Journal. November 25, 2013
Analyzing Big Data arrays it is possible to optimize search systems improving spam filters helping to constitute trade recommendations. The more data are gathered and transferred in smartphones when navigation software using the more so maps will be exact that will allow constituting to users the more convenient routes.
Work of large commercial enterprises such as Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores is based on the algorithms working with Big Data. Some companies even create own tools or even laboratories which are concentrated on studying of user behavior. The analysis of large data amounts can be used for optimization of search systems, spam filters improvement helping to make more corresponding recommendations of purchase. But the ethics question is always actual: for example, scandal with the American Target company that has developed the analysis algorithm of clients' data and their behavior online. Analysis algorithms compare changing consumer preferences based on the received forecasts and offer clients all types of special proposals.
In the spring of 2012 father of a young schoolgirl of 12 years has complained that Target has sent a brochure with offers for pregnant women to their daughter. The Target agency was ready to concede a mistake and to apologize to the buyer but only very soon it became clear that the girl was really gone with the child. Neither they nor their father knew about it in the complaint. The algorithm of large amount data has taken into account changes in behavior of the girl that was similar to behavior of pregnant women.
Kashmir H. How Target Figured Out A Teen Girl Was Pregnant Before Them Father Did Forbes, 2012
Ethics and responsibility
“We do not inherit Earth from our parents, we borrow it our children” — Indian proverb
The question of ethics on negative consequences of practice and scientific and technological solutions needs to be considered in terms of individual and social responsibility. These impacts include industrial hazards, in particular, in the field of using information technologies and development of network and information security.
The ethical aspect of Big Data has ambivalent character: on the one hand, technologies (including Big Data) help us with many areas: medicine, finance, e-commerce, etc. In 10 years doctors will watch patients remotely to invite them to inspection as soon as symptoms appear. Universities will have an opportunity to offer courses for wider audience; education will become more available and will change its nature. Whether you will perhaps live in the world where predictions of actions will be more important than actions? Where there will be no place for privacy, where we will have no right to private life. We shall understand that actually we create. It is obvious that we cannot refuse technologies both in private life of everybody and at the level of the states. The global ethical question of technologies is what the humanity will do with that knowledge which it will receive. The main objective at the moment is to set ethical frameworks, and to prevent threat to personal liberty. The most important that we shall make right now is to take on responsibility for the events and to work consciously.
This article is available in Russian.
You can reach me on LinkedIn or Facebook
If you enjoyed this post, please hit the “recommend” button below. Thanks!
May 4, 2015; Houston, TX, USA; Los Angeles Clippers guard Austin Rivers (25) dribbles against the Houston Rockets in game one of the second round of the NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center. Los Angeles Clippers won 117 to 101. Mandatory Credit: Thomas B. Shea-USA TODAY Sports
On Wednesday, the Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 115-109, knotting up their second-round series at one game apiece. Even with the Game 2 home victory, it's hard to feel very good about the Rockets' chances in the series going forward.
Starting with the basics, through two games Houston is surrendering an average of 113 points per contest. During the regular season the Rockets allowed their opponents to score and average of 100.5 points per game.
In their first-round series against the Dallas Mavericks, the Mavs averaged 110 PPG, but the Rockets still won easily, 4-1. However, the Clippers are putting up 113 PPG without the services of their All-Star point guard, Chris Paul, who recently finished sixth in the MVP voting. Paul missed Games 1 and 2 in Houston with a hamstring strain, but is expected back later in the series.
Had L.A. not pulled off a surprising 117-101 upset in Game 1, who knows if Paul might've even suited up for Game 2.
What makes the Clippers offensive output through two games even more discouraging for Rockets fans is the fact that L.A. replaced Paul (and their 19.1 points and 10.2 assists per game) in the starting lineup with Austin Rivers, a player who's not even a point guard.
Rivers averaged just 7.0 points and 2.0 assists on the season–his career high for assists, nine, is less than Paul's career per-game average (9.9). Rivers notched just five assists in the series' first two games combined, but the Clippers' offense kept right on rolling.
Rockets are 1st team in NBA postseason history to win a game despite missing at least 20 free throw attempts and 20 3-point attempts (Elias) — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) May 7, 2015
Houston shot 5-for-26 (19.2 percent) from beyond the arc in Game 2, and 42-for-64 (65.6 percent) at the free-throw line (more on that in a moment). The Rockets didn't fare much better in those areas in Game 1 either, going 11-for-33 (33.3 percent) on threes and 14-for-24 (58.3 percent) at the foul line.
In total over the two games, Houston is shooting 27.1 percent (16-for-59) from downtown and 63.6 percent (56-for-88) at the charity stripe.
James Harden went 5-for-6 at the line in Game 1 and 15-for-15 in Game 2. The rest of Harden's teammates are a combined 36-for-67, just 53.7 percent. The Clippers, on the other hand, are shooting their free throws at a 75.8 percent clip (47-for-62) despite the presence of DeAndre Jordan, who's coming off the second-worst free-throw percentage season of all time (39.7 percent).
Jordan is 10-for-17 (58.8 percent) in the series, better than the Rockets minus Harden.
Houston's 64 free throw attempts are most in a playoff game since 1993 (Suns had 64 attempts vs SuperSonics) Even series with Clippers 1-1 — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) May 7, 2015
That tweet doesn't even do proper justice to how absurd 64 free-throw attempts in one game really is. It last happened in the NBA on March 3, 2014, when the Minnesota Timberwolves took 64 freebies against the Denver Nuggets. However, before that no team had shot 64 or more free throws in a game since 1999.
It's only occurred a total of 23 times in the last 51 seasons (as far back as Basketball-Reference keeps track).
Despite getting to the foul line 64 times against a Clippers squad with Rivers playing the point instead of Paul, the Rockets still battled for a hard-fought six-point win at home to even the series, with the next two games set to take place in Los Angeles. Unless Paul's hamstring keeps them out for a prolonged stretch, No. 2 seed Houston is in serious trouble.
Advertising campaigns for raising the number of Facebook fans cost the US State Department's Bureau of International Information Programs (IIP) $630,000, according to a report which also suggests the PR game was likely not worth the effort.
Each of the four English language Facebook pages hosted by the Bureau of International Information Programs saw their number of fans skyrocket from 100,000 to over two million people over a two year period.
The 7 digit ‘likes' figures are due to two expensive 2011 and 2012 advertising campaigns, concludes the Inspector General's (IG) report, which was issued in May and has recently appeared online.
The Bureau's foreign language pages have also seen their fan numbers multiply, rising from 68,000 to more than 450,000.
Not everyone is impressed by the figures, however. “Many in the bureau criticize the advertising campaigns as ‘buying fans' who may have once clicked on an ad or ‘liked' a photo but have no real interest in the topic and have never engaged further,” the report reads.
The IG office spent a week on monitoring the Bureau's Facebook activity to find out only two percent of their “fans” fell under the category of engaged audience – liking, sharing and commenting on the IIP page's content.
The lack of truly engaged fans presents a separate problem under new Facebook rules starting from September 2012, which state that one has to actively interact with the “liked” page in order for it to appear in their news feed.
“This change sharply reduced the value of having large numbers of marginally interested fans and means that IIP must continually spend money on sponsored story ads or else its ‘reach' statistics will plummet,” the IG report says, urging the Bureau to cut advertising spending and make it more targeted, finding “the right balance between youth and elite audience engagement”.
The pitfalls of opting to invest in ‘likes' regardless of whom rather than seeking out a more loyal audience comes particularly into focus when viewing the US State Department bureau's dealings with its online Iranian audience.
The Vision of America page in Farsi, run by the Bureau of International Information Programs, has gained over 420,000 fans. However, only one percent of those people live in Iran, where there is no Facebook advertising anyway.
Another page, USAdarFarsi, run by the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, has an audience of some 130,000, but the content it supplies results in half of its page fans actually being Iranians.
That the department has two overlapping Persian language pages at all is another issue raised by the IG report.
The people of New Hampshire have a quaint self-delusion that they pick Presidents. In fact, they like to denigrate Iowa specifically by saying “Iowa picks corn, New Hampshire picks Presidents.”
The actual truth is that New Hampshire has been on an unrelenting losing streak that goes back over three decades, for both parties. In every contested primary – Republican or Democrat – since 1992, New Hampshire has picked a candidate who either a) lost their party's nomination or b) lost the general election.
Let's review the history. In 2012, the Democrats had an incumbent, but the Republicans had a hotly contested primary in New Hampshire. Mitt Romney won, but went on to lose the general election to Barack Obama.
In 2008, both parties had a contested primary in New Hampshire. For the Democrats, New Hampshire chose Hillary, who would go on to lose their party's nomination. For the Republicans, New Hampshire would pick John McCain, who would go on to lose in the general.
In 2004, the Republicans had an incumbent, but the Democrats had a contested primary, which John Kerry won. That led them to the Democratic nomination, whereupon they lost in the general to George W. Bush.
In 2000, both races were contested again, and for the Republicans, New Hampshire picked John McCain, who would go on to lose their party's nomination to George W. Bush. For the Democrats, New Hampshire (barely) picked Al Gore, who would go on to lose to Bush in the general.
In 1996, the Democrats had an incumbent, but the Republicans had a contested primary, which was won (astonishingly) by Pat Buchanan. Quite frankly, when this happened, we ought to have just banned the state of New Hampshire from voting altogether, or at least removed them from being one of the earliest contests, but we are not an especially smart party when it comes to politics. I think it should go without saying that Buchanan did not win the Republican nomination or the Presidency.
In 1992 the Republicans had an incumbent, but the Democrats had a contested primary, which was won by Paul Tsongas. Tsongas would go on to lose to Bill Clinton in their party's nomination.
In 1988, the Democrats had a contested primary in New Hampshire, which was won by Michael Dukakis. They would go on to win their party's nomination, but lose the general election. For the Republicans, New Hampshire picked George H. W. Bush, which would count as their only win in the last 30 years, except that Bush was basically an incumbent, as the sitting Vice President for a popular outgoing two terms President.
In 1984, the Republicans had an incumbent, but the Democrats had a contested primary, which was won by Gary Hart. Hart would go on to lose the nomination to Walter Mondale, who would themselves lose to Reagan in historic fashion.
Which brings us back to 1980, the one and only time a true first term President was catapulted to the Presidency by winning New Hampshire, when Reagan cleaned George H. W. Bush's clock.
What this history means is that New Hampshire has a 32-year uninterrupted history of picking losers in genuinely contested primaries. Based on the results last night, it looks like that streak will be extended to 36 years. Bernie Sanders has no shot at beating Hillary. If Donald Trump is the Republican nominee, they have no shot at beating Hillary either.
People like to kvetch about Iowa's involvement in the process, but Iowa has a positively stellar record by comparison, having catapulted Barack Obama (2008) and George W. Bush (2000) to the Presidency. Maybe it's time to talk about moving New Hampshire back in the calendar some.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The prosecution alleges Stephen Port met their victims on gay networking sites
A chef accused of murdering four men by giving them drugs overdoses tried to frame one of their victims for the death of another, a court has heard.
Stephen Port, of east London, planted a fake suicide note on the body of Daniel Whitworth, the Old Bailey was told.
The note, purported to have been penned by Mr Whitworth, said they blamed themselves for the death of another of Mr Port's alleged victims Gabriel Kovari.
Their bodies were found in the same churchyard. Mr Port denies murder.
The 41-year-old, from Barking, has pleaded not guilty to a total of 29 offences, including four counts of murder and seven of rape, relating to 12 men over three-and-a-half years.
'Wicked attempt'
The Old Bailey was told that in an "extraordinary" twist of fate, Mr Port's second and third alleged victims, Mr Kovari and Mr Whitworth, were found by the same dog walker in a churchyard 400m from Mr Port's flat.
Mr Port is accused of having dragged their bodies there after murdering them.
Mr Kovari, who had been living with Mr Port, was found dead from a drug overdose on 28 August 2014, then on 20 September the body of Mr Whitworth was discovered near the same spot clutching an apparent suicide note.
The court heard Mr Port made a "wicked attempt" to frame Mr Whitworth for the death of Mr Kovari.
Prosecutor Jonathan Rees QC told jurors the note was written to give the impression Mr Whitworth had taken an overdose because they blamed themselves for Mr Kovari's death.
Image copyright . Image caption Stephen Port spent three months in prison last year
At the time, police accepted the apparent suicide note on face value and did not investigate further, they said.
The trial has heard that Mr Port used the internet to find their victims, whom they plied with the drug GHB/GBL so they could have sex with them while they were unconscious.
Their alleged victims were Mr Kovari, 22, from Lewisham, Mr Whitworth, 21, from Gravesend, Kent, Jack Taylor, 25, from Dagenham, east London, and Anthony Walgate, 23, originally from Hull.
Earlier on Thursday, the trial heard how Mr Walgate was found dead outside the defendant's block of flats in Barking in the early hours of 19 June 2014.
The court heard that Mr Port called an ambulance, claiming to have returned home from a nightshift to discover an unknown male lying unconscious by the front door to the communal entrance.
Image copyright PA Image caption The bodies of three men were found in or around the churchyard close to Mr Port's home in Barking
Mr Rees said officers investigating Mr Walgate's death later realised the defendant had hired the 23-year-old as a male escort and arrested Mr Port on 26 June on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
The jury heard that in a police interview that day, Mr Port asked a detective: "Can I just say for the scenario - if it was an accident, and if they did have a fit in my place, is that still my fault?"
Initially, Mr Rees said, the defendant denied having met Mr Walgate but later admitted spending time in their flat with him, where Mr Port claimed Mr Walgate willingly took GHB/GBL.
Mr Rees said the defendant's account was that they had later found Mr Walgate "stiff" and "rigid" in bed and had panicked before placing them outside the flat and calling an ambulance.
Mr Port pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice and was sentenced to eight months in prison in March 2015. They were released on an electronic tag in June 2015.
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Anthony Walgate died while visiting Mr Port's flat in June 2014
The prosecution said it now alleged that "it was the defendant and not Anthony Walgate who added the liquid GBL into the drink that Mr Walgate consumed".
Mr Rees said it "was not a case of Mr Walgate unintentionally taking an overdose that killed him".
"The considerable lengths to which the defendant went when attempting to cover up their association with Mr Walgate reveal the guilt they felt about what had happened," Mr Rees said.
Mr Walgate, an occasional escort, had told a friend details of a planned sleepover with a man they had met online, jokingly saying it was "in case I get killed", the court heard.
The trial continues.
The Silano pizza from Bertucci's (or, the Tooch as I call it) is a very non-vegan pizza full of greasy dairy creamy death. But I'd be damned if I didn't use to find it very, very delicious.
I love vegan pizzas. No cheese, fake-cheese, no meat, fake-meat, it doesn't matter. Pizza is SO EASY to make vegan and delicious. But, the Silano? We'll see.
Actual Silano pizza (pictured above) from the Tooch is as follows :
alfredo sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, broccoli, and a squeeze of fresh lemon.
Now, how I recreated it – and, nailed it on the first try!
I bought pre-made dough, the kind you just stretch out and bake off. It was just the Shaw's (grocery store) brand. So it was about 2 dollars. This made a large pizza.
Next up – the sauce! I intended on buying this (kinda gross looking) vegan alfredo sauce I had seen at my grocery store for years.
Turns out – the one time I want to try it – they don't sell it anymore! Crap.
My accidental back up plan came in the form of the new(ish) Daiya alfredo pasta. I remembered that this brand has liquid sauce in a pouch, versus the powder. GREAT CHOICE. Turns out – this sauce tasted nearly identical to the original Silano sauce, which is very black peppery.
Now this stuff was kind of expensive, maybe like 6 or 7 bucks for one box, but hey, a Silano pizza at the Tooch is like 17 bucks so… we're right on track.
The pouch gave exactly the right amount of sauce for the whole pizza. So I used the whole thing. I'll cook the pasta some other time!
Next up – the broccoli. Self explanatory. Just chopped up some fresh broccoli and plopped it on there.
Then, the chicken. I used Beyond Meat's Chicken Strips. Which I find to be the best chicken substitute I've tried.
I sprinkled on a few chopped up strips. The chicken was always my least favorite part of the Silano, so I didn't put too much on.
I lightly salted & peppered the whole thing, along with some red pepper flakes.
On top – the cheese. I really like the Follow Your Heart cheeses, more than the Daiya shreds. And they are much cheaper at the grocery store. So I bought the mozzarella slices and just grated it like a block.
I didn't want it to be too cheesy, so you can see that my pizza isn't as slathered up as the Tooch original, but trust me, it didn't need to be!
I baked my pizza on 475 for about 20 minutes and viola! out it came. I squeezed fresh lemon generously over the top and ate that mo fo up.
I was shocked at how much it tasted like the real thing. I even made my very carnivorous boyfriend try it. They were impressed! Sometimes I figure it's just been so long since I tasted real cheese or meat, that maybe I *think* it tastes like that, but it really doesn't. But not this one, nope, boyfriend confirmed – it's scarily accurate! I mean, you still get that distinct “Daiya” taste, to the sauce, but its subtle and I don't mind it.
This was a real winner, and I will absolutely make it again!
Advertisements
Google appears to be planning a manufacturing run for another new first-party Chromebook Pixel laptop.
The company published a job posting last month entitled “Quality Engineer, Chromebook Pixel.” The person selected for the job will be based in Shanghai and will be expected to “drive design of experiments and collect SPC [statistical process control] data to enable evaluation, qualification, and verification cost-effectively in manufacturing quality across functional teams,” among other things, according the job description. (Hat tip to OMG! Chrome! for reporting on its existence.)
More generally, the posting contains some classic Googley rhetoric — in other words, the company is optimistic about the potential for the new product.
“As a Quality Engineer, you will be part of shaping Google's next game-changer,” it says.
This would be Google's third version of the Chromebook Pixel. The original was unveiled in 2013 for $1,299, and it was updated last year with $999 and $1,299 versions. The lower-priced model has since been discontinued.
In September, Google unveiled a convertible tablet called the Pixel C from the same team that came up with the Chromebook Pixel, but not all reviews of the device have been positive. The Chromebook Pixel, by contrast, has gotten a better reception. Perhaps that's because the Chromebook concept has already caught on, and the Pixel is simply a high-end version, with a touchscreen and other distinctive features.
A touchscreen Chromebook should be more appealing to consumers in 2016 than in previous years because Chromebooks can now run Android apps.
But then again, even if Google is in fact building a new Chromebook Pixel, it may never be released to the public.
Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
For hundreds of millions of users, Facebook's appeal is its ability to help users keep in touch with a wide web of family, friends and acquaintances worldwide.
But the company's founding president Sean Parker had told US website Axios that the thought process behind social networks like Facebook is actually more sinister.
In fact, they say, it is all about trying to "consume as much of your time and conscious attention as possible".
"And that means that we need to sorts of give you a little dopamine hit every once in a while because someone liked or commented on a photo or a post or whatever and that's going to get you to contribute more content and that's going to get you more likes and comments," they said.
Mr Parker said that creates a social validation feedback loop, noting that it is "exactly the kind of thing that a hacker like myself would come up with".
"You're exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology," they said.
"And I just think the inventors, the creators — it's me, it's Mark, it's Kevin Systrom (the inventor of Instagram) — all these people understood this consciously and we did it anyway."
Dr Tim Highfield, a postdoctoral research fellow in the Queensland University of Technology's Digital Media Research Centre, said Facebook's understanding of human psychology is factored into how it operates and presents information.
"So the default for seeing content on Facebook is not that we see it in any kind of of timeline, we don't see it as the most recent post, it gives you more content that you scroll through that then allows it to target more advertising at you," they told the ABC's PM program.
'God only knows what it's doing to our children's brains'
Mr Parker became Facebook's first president after making hundreds of millions of dollars from the music-sharing service Napster.
The 37-year-old billionaire was pressured out of the company in 2005. They have since gone on to work at music service Spotify, and is now a full-time philanthropist.
"[Facebook] literally changes your relationship with society, with each other. It probably interferes with productivity in weird ways. God only knows what it's doing to our children's brains," they said.
But Dr Highfield says it hard to know what impact this is having because "we don't know necessarily how people are using the platforms".
"There's a lot of moral panic around kids spending too much time on screens or kids spending too much time online, not being social, not getting outside," they said.
"But it's less about Facebook, less about any one platform, and it's more about understanding what people are doing with these platforms, what kids are doing.
"You need to be able to put in your own personal limitations and know how to use things sensibly — it's the same kind of thing for any kind of digital media and it's less about Facebook itself."
It has been a difficult few months for the company, which has faced criticism for showing Russian ads that aimed to influence the US election.
Facebook's vice-president of advertising, Rob Goldman, was also forced to deny claims last month that the social media network uses microphones on users' devices to eavesdrop on conversations so it can better target advertisements.
Movistar Yamaha's Valentino Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo are refusing to completely rule out Marc Marquez's chances of reclaiming their MotoGP title.
Marquez is 69 points behind Rossi after crashing out of second place at Catalunya and the odds are stacked against the Repsol Honda rider holding on to their crown.
However, Rossi is reluctant to dismiss Marquez's chances altogether.
"For me, I don't want to say that it's completely closed, also because it's a technical situation. Like Jorge said before, now we are faster, we are constant, especially in the races where we take the points.
"And we have to take as many points as possible in this situation because Ducati and especially Honda now have some problems, but if they can fix the problems before the middle of the championship then in the second part of the championship Marquez and Pedrosa could be stronger than us and recover the points. So I think it's too early."
Likewise, Catalunya winner Lorenzo echoed Rossi's views that Honda could mount a strong comeback in the second half of the season.
"This is the seventh race. We didn't arrive to the middle of the championship yet," said Lorenzo.
"If this happens to Dovi and to Marc, also it can happen in the second part of the championship to us. We can lose the same points that they lose, the same as them.
"You know, we are very constant. Vale and myself don't use to crash so much, but can happen that we crash three times and we lose all the points in those three races."
Asked is Marquez was too aggressive and needed to exercise some restraint, Rossi joked: "Marc is very friendly. They want to stay very close, always touching! Maybe this is also their instinct in the race - they want to try to go in your bike!"
Lorenzo commented: "I don't need to respond. You can see my face."
Rangers outfielder Shin-Soo Choo is hitting the DL with a fractured left forearm, according to an announcement from VP of communications John Blake. The tough-luck injury occurred on a hit-by-pitch.
Given that it's mid-August, it's certainly possible that Choo's latest injury could keep them out for the rest of the season. After all, Jon Jay is still on the DL after breaking their forearm nearly two months ago. And Rangers catcher Robinson Chirinos missed two months with their own, similar injury.
That sort of timetable makes a post-season return possible, though that may be a tall ask if Choo doesn't have a chance to rehab in live game action. And it isn't yet clear whether Choo will require a full two months; we'll need to wait to learn of their particular prognosis.
Regardless, it's a big blow to Texas and to Choo. It seems that Ryan Rua will take their spot on the active roster, and the club also has slugger Joey Gallo available. Those two will be useful replacements, as will Delino DeShields Jr., and Drew Stubbs, and the club can mix and match at its leisure once rosters expand in September.
But Choo remains a strong on-base threat at 34 years of age, and is especially excellent against right-handed pitching (despite carrying reverse platoon splits in their limited action this year), making them a difficult player to replace. It just hasn't been meant to be this year, as they have now hit the DL on four separate occasions for a variety of ailments. Texas has already needed to find replacements for Josh Hamilton (Ian Desmond) and Prince Fielder (Carlos Beltran) earlier in the year.
If the Rangers do take to the market once more, they'll have a few options, as MLBTR's top twenty current trade candidates list shows. Melky Cabrera would represent a rather similar player, though the Rangers may not love the idea of taking over their future commitments. Brett Gardner and Nick Markakis are other potential left-handed-hitting options. Carlos Gomez can be had, though he's an uncertain commodity and hits from the right side.
Looking past the present campaign, Choo remains a somewhat frustrating player for the Rangers. They carry a useful .259/.361/.422 slash over 1,377 plate appearances since signing before the 2014 season. But that's not quite what the team hoped to receive out of the first three of seven years in their huge contract. Choo is still owed $82MM over the remainder of that pact.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Steep growth in India's silver exports is outpacing its other trade in precious metals as world demand picks up, albeit for cheaper jewellery options.
A silver trader displays silver ornaments inside their shop in Ahmedabad April 27, 2011. REUTERS/Amit Dave/Files
Shipments are likely ro rise by up to 30 percent this year, trade body officials said on Tuesday
“At such high prices, gold is going out of budget for many youngsters ... a wrist bracelet of white gold is now replaced with sterling silver as it is cheaper,” said Pankaj Kumar Parekh, vice-chairperson of the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).
Shipments of gems and jewellery constituted 14 percent of India's total exports, and employ 3.4 million workers, with the Middle East taking most of the market.
Silver exports are likely to to go up by 25-30 percent this year against $797 million a year ago while gems and jewellery exports are expected to rise 15 percent against $38.28 billion worth of overseas shipments in the previous year.
The GJEPC expects robust sales from the United States, which contributed to 11 percent of exports.
“From the U.S., demand and consumer confidence are very encouraging... this market will play a major role in gems and jewellery exports,” said Vipul Shah, chairperson of the GJEPC, adding they have been focussing in other growth areas like the United States, China, Russia and Australia.
The body, which represents more than 5,000 members, also hoped the government will reduce import duty on refined gold bars in the budget on February 28.
Exporters generally take duty-free gold from lending banks, but they need to give margin money, which includes import duty and value added tax to take a gold loan from banks. The margin money, which is blocked for a maximum of 90 days until payment from importers is proved, has increased more than threefold after the duty hike was implemented.
“Increase in import has an impact on export transaction cost,” said Parekh, adding “hand to mouth exporters will have to restrict their business due to additional requirement of margin money to take care of additional import duty.”
The trade body wants the federal government to allow a duty-free import quota of 15 percent of the previous year's exports. In January 2012, the government levied a 2 percent import duty on cut and polished diamonds.
An Oroville woman going into labor decided to take the back roads to their parents' home for help, but soon found themselves in more trouble than expected.Watch report: Lost Oroville woman gives birth in car, stranded for daysIt began with their gas and cell service running out in the Plumas County National Forest."I was told about this back road and people had showed it to me a few times, but I had never driven it by myself," Amber Pangborn told an NBC affiliate in Oroville.As they traveled down French Creek Road -- not long before running out of gas and cell service -- Pangborn gave birth to their daughter, Marissa. They did it alone on Thursday.Pangborn, 35, was stranded for the next three days. In that time, they encountered a swarm of bees and mosquitoes."I was trying to get them not to sting her, but I got stung," Pangborn said.She survived only off a few apples and modest amounts of water.On Saturday, three days into their ordeal, they decided to start a signal fire, hoping to attract some attention -- but that didn't go as planned."I think mommy just started a forest fire," Pangborn recalled telling their daughter shortly after starting the fire.Within hours, the fire was tracked by a U.S. Forest Service worker, and Pangborn and their daughter were found safe."I was just crying, and I was just so happy," Pangborn, said. "I thought we were going to die."They were admitted to Oroville Hospital, and the baby was taken to UC Davis Medical Center in Sacramento on Sunday for further evaluation.The two are expected to be reunited soon.
An Oroville woman going into labor decided to take the back roads to their parents' home for help, but soon found themselves in more trouble than expected.
Watch report: Lost Oroville woman gives birth in car, stranded for days
Advertisement
It began with their gas and cell service running out in the Plumas County National Forest.
"I was told about this back road and people had showed it to me a few times, but I had never driven it by myself," Amber Pangborn told an NBC affiliate in Oroville.
As they traveled down French Creek Road -- not long before running out of gas and cell service -- Pangborn gave birth to their daughter, Marissa. They did it alone on Thursday.
Pangborn, 35, was stranded for the next three days. In that time, they encountered a swarm of bees and mosquitoes.
"I was trying to get them not to sting her, but I got stung," Pangborn said.
They survived only off a few apples and modest amounts of water.
On Saturday, three days into their ordeal, they decided to start a signal fire, hoping to attract some attention -- but that didn't go as planned.
"I think mommy just started a forest fire," Pangborn recalled telling their daughter shortly after starting the fire.
Within hours, the fire was tracked by a U.S. Forest Service worker, and Pangborn and their daughter were found safe.
"I was just crying, and I was just so happy," Pangborn, said. "I thought we were going to die."
They were admitted to Oroville Hospital, and the baby was taken to UC Davis Medical Center in Sacramento on Sunday for further evaluation.
The two are expected to be reunited soon.
AlertMe
Into The Fire
Ode to Earl, we hardly knew ye.
Yesterday, I discussed, in very broad strokes, why Dion Waiters could be a good fit with the Oklahoma City Thunder and how Monday's three-team trade benefited each of those parties. At the end of that piece, I threw in a small bit about J.R. Smith, who landed with the Cavaliers, but last night, I came to the realization that simply tossing their high school yearbook photograph (and the all-time great quote which accompanied it) was not enough to truly pay homage to Earl Joseph Smith III, the one they call “J.R.”
Pundits are fond of referring to Smith as “mercurial,” as if their unique brand of disaffected bravado is inherently divine. The Greek god Mercury was, among numerous other things, the patron god of financial gain, travelers, luck and trickery. It seems fitting to note that J.R. personifies many of these qualities both on and off the basketball court, and the pundits claim a begrudging win for properly, but incompletely, labeling one of the more contradictory NBA players in recent memory.
Smith carries a reputation for playing hardest when it matters the most, and some have accused them of taking plays, or even games, off, resigning themselves to the higher pursuits common to someone in the public light in New York City. Having had the opportunity to live in the Rotten Apple for a similarly brief period, I can say that it isn't necessarily unbecoming of someone to take advantage of all that the bright lights and dim alleys have to offer. Oscar Wilde is noted for recommending everything in moderation, of course, including moderation, and nowhere is that more true than in New York.
If Smith were merely a headcase who also happened to be on an NBA roster, they would essentially be Freddie Mitchell. Grandiose moments of inspired basketball, combined with an endless run of preposterous activities off the court, endeared them to the masses. They became the Knicks' answer to Errol Flynn, floating from wing to wing while frustrating everyone in sight, their own teammates included.
They showed up to the Knicks in February 2012, fresh off exile in China during the lockout and with a fresh haircut. When Blog Serf James Vasiliou saw this follicle display, they shook their head. “No, no,” they said. “J.R., you're only supposed to go halfway!”
“Do you think,” I replied, “that J.R. Smith has ever done anything only halfway?”
A native of Freehold, New Jersey, Smith made the prep-to-pro jump back when that was the sort of thing you could do. They spent time in New Orleans and Denver before jumping ship to China. Over the course of their travels, they became a sneaker aficionado. College experience? None, but they have the kind of life experiences you only read about in Hemingway novels and Wu-Tang lyrics.
Note that they wore sneakers from Bo Jackson's signature line. Bo Jackson played two sports professionally, and neither of them was basketball. So goes Earl.
Freehold boasts another notable malcontent, an older man now who, as a young man, spurned authority figures and did things their way. Throughout their career, Bruce Springsteen has embodied the ethos of people who have the desire to live deliberately but cannot gather the means, for one reason or another. The Boss had a particular knack for explaining the volatile human condition with relation to the infinite externalities we are unable to control. They harnessed what they could of the good, despite the evil.
For all of their unpredictable and sometimes overwrought play, J.R. Smith has essentially done the same, pushing forth even as multitudinous parachutes dragged behind him. For a brief period, it seemed that being a Knick would drive the demons from Smith and reveal only the greatness they show every so often, usually while the rest of us are blinking.
But Smith needs the demons as much as Springsteen did. Without them, they wouldn't have anything against which to fight. The internal battles they fight against intrinsic forces define him, more than any thrown elbows in the playoffs or ill-advised tweets.
I realized yesterday that I am actually, really going to miss J.R. Smith on the Knicks (Just for the record, I'll miss Shumpert, too, but their lauded defense has regressed a bit, even as their hair has reached peak supremacy in the flat-top game). Everything that made them so wonderful – the 3-point outbursts, the public invitations to cycle with him, the fact that their best friend on the Knicks was Steve Novak, the whitest man ever – fit so well in New York, from Woodson and Grunwald through Fisher and Jackson, and it seemed that their weirdly charming, devil-may-care attitude would exist as long as the lights on Broadway shone.
Nothing lasts forever, however, and I'm grateful for the delightfully frustrating years they gave to a franchise desperately in need of character post-Isiah. Wherever there are shots chucked far too early in the shot clock, he'll be there. Wherever there is a need for a scoring spark, he'll be there. Wherever a team offers their brother a job, no matter the cost, he'll be there. And I will continue to support Earl, because it just feels right. Godspeed you, Twitter emperor.
Advertisements
0 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 0 Google+ 0 Buffer 0 0 Flares ×
A spokesperson for the San Mateo Police Department has confirmed that officers have arrested Felix Becerra, a 42 year-old McDonald's manager who robbed their own store.
Becerra is also believed to have held up another San Mateo restaurant at gunpoint during that same week.
Officers said they captured the suspect after San Mateo Police followed a vehicle that had been linked to an armed robbery at a local McDonald's.
It was later learned that this same vehicle was linked to a second robbery, this one taking place at the franchise location in Alameda County that employed him. Officers said that Becerra climbed through the store's drive through window, pointed a gun at the employees and demanded they bring them cash from the safe.
Once they had the money in hand, they ordered them into a freezer and ordered then to stay put for at least 30 minutes.
The second robbery reportedly took place a few days later. This time, they surfaced at a San Mateo McDonald's and repeated their previous crime. These employees were also ordered into the store's freezer. The suspect got away but was pulled over by San Mateo Police Department officers later that night.
A search of their car uncovered a gun that was used in the crimes, a large amount of cash and clothing that was believed to have been worn during the robberies.
Officers said they didn't connect the crimes until a few weeks later. It was at that time that members of the San Mateo Police Department contacted their Pleasanton counterparts, saying that they believed they may be the same suspect they were looking for.
The District Attorney's office said they intend to prosecute them on the armed robberies that took place in San Mateo County. A representative for the Alameda County District Attorney's office said they also intend to bring them up on charges for the second robbery.
Altcoin News OpenLedger and Emercoin Partner to Create ‘New Synergies'
The Bitshares 2.0 platform OpenLedger has announced its latest partnership with Emercoin to create “new synergies” within the blockchain-based service space. The two companies want to provide an array of new concepts to the cryptocurrency and distributed ledger landscape believing each platform can better the technologies. Jason Cassidy, Chief Communications Officer at Emercoin, is thrilled about joining forces stating:
Also read: Alibaba to Possibly Use Blockchain Tech for Alipay Service
‘OpenLedger represents the future of not only digital currency trading but all digital assets. As blockchain technology blossoms there will be many more layers of innovation coming to the market and we feel the OpenLedger platform is a great example of this. Users will be able to interact with Emercoin (EMC) in many new, creative ways.' — Jason Cassidy, Emercoin
Emercoin and OpenLedger collaborating means both services can offer new features and “bring the world a new type of trading experience.” New synergies include:
Create their own currency as a User Issued Asset (UIA)
Collateralise a new coin by creating a Market Pegged Asset (MPA). This allows a physical commodity (such as gold) to back the underlying value of the currency
Deploy their own real-time blockchain using OpenLedger
As well as adding each team's innovations OpenLedger says they are looking into implementing Emercoin's blockchain-based services within the Bitshares platform. Emercoin has recently made headlines for working with the Microsoft Azure BaaS project. The Danish registrar for OpenLedger, Ronny Boesing, CEO of CCEDK exchange says, “We are excited about the possibility of being able to integrate Emercoin's suite of tools and services into the OpenLedger platform. — Emercoin representatives will be introduced to the BitShares Community in one of coming Beyond Bitcoin weekly hangouts on Mumble, offering the community and guests a close-up opportunity to evaluate and vote on what EMC services could be brought on board and in what fashion. Services like EMC SSL have solid potential to increase the security, stability and ease of use of the OpenLedger platform, for example.” The partnership will provide insight to both companies on the technologies they offer such as Market Pegged Assets (MPA), SmartCoins, and the creation of a permissioned blockchain. Ronny Boesing told the Bitcoinist over Skype:
“With today's announcement of Emercoin joining OpenLedger I feel it is a great new day of innovation and a day where we might already have caught a glimpse of what Openledger will be looking like in the near future. I feel personally overwhelmed by the interest in many fresh and highly professional currencies showing interest to join the platform, and expect the world to see much more to come. Wouldn't it just be great if we all met on OpenLedger exchanging not only crypto but also ideas for progress making it a win-win situation for all.” — Ronny Boesing, CEO of CCEDK
Boesing says for a limited time from February 8-18th all Emercoin users who sign up with OpenLedger will receive ten free Obits. Obits are the native currency of the OpenLedger network and the coin had “the first successful buyback took place on 2nd February with the result that some 49,800 OBITS were burned, equivalent to 13 BTC.” Both teams say they are excited to offer each other new ways to improve their already solidified networks and look forward to growing the partnership.
What do you think of the OpenLedger and Emercoin partnership? Let us know in the comments below.
Disclosure: Bitcoinist is not affiliated with any of the above-mentioned companies
Images courtesy of OpenLedger & Emercoin websites, and Shutterstock
ABC investigates veterans charities that mostly enrich their owners David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published: Friday November 9, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Since the start of the Iraq War, the number of charity groups promising to help injured veterans has mushroomed, but not all of them actually fulfill those promises. According to ABC News, Americans have so far donated $475 million to veterans charities that get a failing grade from the American Institute of Philanthropy. Institute President Daniel Borochoff told ABC, "Under 35% of your budget on actual bona fide charitable programs will get you an F grade." Thirteen out of 27 military and veterans charities reviewed by the Institute did not meet that standard, and one was found to spend as little as 2% of its receipts on program services. Meanwhile, some of the people running the F-rated charities are getting rich. For example, Roger Chapin, founder of Help Hospitalized Veterans, pays themselves and their wife more than $500,000 a year, while only 31% of the $70 million they took in last year actually went to help hospitalized veterans. Chapin, described by Daniel Borochoff as "a charity entrepreneur," has founded more than a dozen such charities over the past three decades. Paul Rieckhoff of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America told ABC, "Veterans are not a place to make a buck. ... If you're not serious about being in the business of helping veterans, go find something else to do." Republican Sen. Charles Grassley is also outraged and is looking for some way to crack down on these groups. Forbes Magazine has looked more deeply into Chapin's operations and recently revealed that their "campaign was orchestrated by firms associated with political operative and longtime Chapin buddy Richard Viguerie." Viguerie is the grandfather of all such direct-mail fundraising operations, going back to their activities on behalf of right-wing causes in the 1960's, and has mentored many of those who have gone into the business since. These operations have periodically come under scrutiny because of their use of emotionally-charged appeals, lack of public accountability, and tendency to spend a large percentage of their receipts on fundraising and administration, leaving little to benefit the people or causes in whose name they operate. However, they remain not only legal but unregulated, leaving watchdog groups like Borochoff's to fill the gap. The full story is available at ABC News' website. The following video is from ABC's Good Morning America, broadcast on November 9, 2007.
The iPhone's “Touch Disease” can be cured by Apple—if you're willing to pay for it.
Apple on Thursday published a Support page on its site that says it'll offer a “multitouch repair program for iPhone 6 Plus.” The support document says Apple will repair any iPhone 6 Plus owner's device if they're seeing the smartphone “exhibit display flickering or multi-touch issues.”
But there's a catch: Apple is charging $149 to make the repair.
Earlier this year, hardware-repair company iFixit published a report, saying that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus released in 2014 are suffering from what it called, “Touch Disease.” The company found in its testing that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus come with chips that sit inside the device that permit the screen to interact with a user's touch inputs. Those chips, called Touch IC Chips, connect to the iPhone's main board with small soldered balls. Over time, iFixit says, those balls can crack and start to lose contact between the display and the board. As it gets worse, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus could lose all touch functionality.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter
Many iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users have complained of the problem over the last several months, and criticized Apple for forcing them to buy a new iPhone at full price in order to address their problem. Several lawsuits were also launched, citing Apple's policy in response to Touch Disease.
Apple has largely remained silent on the Touch Disease and didn't mention the term in its support document announcing its new program.
The support document also appears to differ in notable ways from user accounts, as well as the investigation conducted by iFixit.
For one, iFixit and users say that the iPhone 6 is also affected by the flaw, but Apple says it will only replace the iPhone 6 Plus. What's more, Apple was clear in its support document that the Touch Disease occurs when the iPhone 6 Plus is “dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device.” However, iFixit CEO Kyle Wiens said in a statement in response to Apple's move on Thursday that their company experience the problem on devices that hadn't been dropped.
For more about Apple's iPhone 7, watch:
“Apple is correct that dropping the device onto a hard surface could cause this issue,” Wiens said. “But that's not the only cause: we have seen this problem on phones that have never been dropped. And in phones that have lived their entire lives protected in cases.”
Wiens also criticized Apple for not acknowledging that the problem is caused by a “manufacturing defect” and noted that “many iPhone 6 owners have also been affected.”
Now that Apple (AAPL) is charging $149 to fix Touch Disease on the iPhone 6 Plus, the company will also issue a reimbursement to anyone who paid full price for a replacement for the same problem. The reimbursement amount will equal the difference between the amount affected customers paid for fix and $149.
Apple did not respond to a request for comment on the program.
Wired's Threat Level blog has a great post about Arlen Specter's effort to get to the bottom of a recent spying scandal. Not, mind you, the Bush administration's various warantless wiretapping programs, but rather spying among football coaches in the NFL:
Apparently real-world warrantless spying isn't as egregious as snooping on opposing NFL coaches. Specter and other lawmakers initially talked tough when The New York Times disclosed Bush's spying program in 2005. “There is no doubt that this is inappropriate,” Specter said at the time. But Congress, including Specter, eventually passed the Protect America Act, which allowed government officials to eavesdrop in the United States on telephone conversations and e-mails without warrants, if the target of the surveillance is “reasonably believed” to be overseas.
And now, with the warrantless wiretapping issue still simmering, Specter believes that the most pressing spying issue in the country involves coaches taping each other's hand signals.
In a major breakthrough for the Modi government, members of the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR), a key anti-proliferation grouping, have agreed to admit India, diplomats said. The development is a big win for Prime Minister Narendra Modi as they meet President Barack Obama in Washington.
KEY DEVELOPMENTS:
Diplomats with direct knowledge of the matter said a deadline for the members of the 34-nation group to object to India's admission had expired on Monday, without any of them raising objections. Under this so-called 'silent procedure', India's admission follows automatically, diplomats from four MTCR member nations told Reuters on condition of anonymity. Admission to the MTCR would open the way for India to buy high-end missile technology. This entry also makes more realistic India's aspirations to buy state-of-the-art surveillance drones such as the American Predator. India also makes a supersonic cruise missile, the BrahMos, in a joint venture with Russia that both hope to sell to third countries. Membership of the rules-based MTCR would require India to comply with rules - such as a maximum missile range of 300 km - that seek to prevent arms races from developing. India's foreign ministry said before Modi departed on a five-country tour last weekend that the MTCR process was "looking good". Spokesman Vikas Swarup, who was travelling with Modi, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
This entry also makes more realistic India's aspirations to buy state-of-the-art surveillance drones such as the American Predator. This entry also makes more realistic India's aspirations to buy state-of-the-art surveillance drones such as the American Predator.
WHAT IS MTCR (Missile Technology Control Regime)
- Established in 1987 as voluntary grouping.
- Aims to limit spread of ballistic missiles.
- Limit unmanned delivery systems that could be used for weapons of mass destruction (WMD).
-34 member grouping consists of world's key missile manufacturers.
-Members urged restricting export of missiles.
-Restrict export of technology capable of carrying 500 kilos payload at least 3000 kms
- Since 2008, India amongst 5 countries that are unilateral adherents to MTCR.
-MTCR entry could help India become significant arms exporter.
-India joined Hague Code of Conduct (HCoC) last week.
-HCoC against ballistic missile proliferation crucial for India's entry to MTCR.
ALSO READ: India to overlook Chinese objections, sell BrahMos missiles to Vietnam
As the Democratic Party's base has become increasingly progressive, its leaders have resorted to demonizing the “top 1 percent” and Wall Street bankers during campaign season. No one benefitted from such weaponized rhetoric more than Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE during their 2008 presidential campaign. They smeared Wall Street “fat cats” time after time on the trail.
“I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street,” they said in December 2009.
ADVERTISEMENT
Now, only months after he's left the White House, Obama is set to receive $400,000 from those very same fat cats for a one-hour speech at a conference put on by the investment firm Cantor Fitzgerald. That's nearly 10 times more than the average U.S. yearly salary, just for one speech. It's also double the amount that the Clinton's infamously charge for similar speeches.
Of course, Obama is a private citizen now and can do whatever they please to earn income; but the massive payment is the height of hypocrisy since Obama utilized anti-Wall Street remarks to propel themselves into the White House. They had no problem trashing fat cat bankers when it was politically convenient; and now they have no problem accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars from those same bankers when it's financially convenient.
Obama will receive $400K for Wall Street speech: report https://t.co/4MQcEsJWS9 pic.twitter.com/ydUk1aY9tt — The Hill (@thehill) April 25, 2017
It's all about personal enrichment, apparently.
Ultimately, however, this shouldn't come as a surprise to anybody. Politicians from both parties regularly cash out when their terms are up. Former George W. Bush, for example, made millions off of at least 200 speeches, pocketing between $100,000 to $175,000 per appearance, after leaving office. But Democrats — especially “class warriors” like Obama — end up looking like the bigger hypocrites since they are the ones who constantly and flagrantly rail against “greedy,” rich business people and bankers.
Since the $400,000 payment was announced, Obama has faced zero criticism from fellow Democratic politicians. Even the likes of Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE—who loves criticizing the 1 percent, despite being in the 1 percent themselves — have remained muted. Meanwhile, Obama has been slammed by Republicans, and is even being criticized by the mainstream media.
The Washington Post, hardly viewed as a tough Obama critic, wrote, “The brand of populism clearly has a very broad appeal, and now Democrats are being put in the position of deciding whether their former president should take $400,000 from Wall Street for a speech. At least, it risks suggesting the party's anti-Wall Street posture is in some cases just that — posturing.”
And that, it seems, is the core of the problem. Those on the left regularly claim to stand for the working class and the little people. But over the last several decades, the Democratic Party have morphed into an out-of-touch party for the rich and elite. Their rhetoric is simply that — rhetoric — and doesn't match up with the actions of many Democratic politicians.
Obama spokesperson defends $400k speaking fee for Wall Street speech https://t.co/kEvl5waIzO pic.twitter.com/qcRHGo7B6v — The Hill (@thehill) April 26, 2017
The fact is that the fat cats love the Democratic Party. Under Obama, Wall Street got richer and the stock market tripled. Meanwhile, Main Street America floundered while good-paying manufacturing positions were lost to minimum wage jobs. Then in 2016, the fat cats at America's private equity firms and hedge funds gave $48 million to Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's campaign — they only gave $19,000 to Trump.
Voters may be starting the notice the Democrats' Wall Street hypocrisy. A new ABC News /Washington Post poll shows that if the election were held again today, Trump still would beat Clinton — and they would win the popular vote, too. Indeed, the poll “finds no evidence of buyer's remorse among Trump supporters.” The Democrats are struggling with party identity; if the party's leaders don't practice what they preach, it's only going to hurt them come election time.
Many people voted for Trump, in part, because they won't be able to enrich themselves from the office of the presidency.  They are already a billionaire. Most Americans believe they would never give speeches to Wall Street just to make a quick buck after leaving office. They do not want or need Wall Street's money. It's refreshing to finally have someone in office who cannot be bought or sold.
Kristin Tate is a conservative columnist and author of the book "Government Gone Wild: How D.C. Politicians Are Taking You For a Ride And What You Can Do About It." They were recently named one of NewsMax's "30 Most Influential Republicans Under 30." Follow them on Twitter @KristinBTate.
The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
The Great Mouse Plot, which recounts a childhood prank played by Dahl and friends on a Cardiff sweet shop owner, sells more than 32,000 copies
Quentin Blake at 80: the illustrator's magical art Read more
Roald Dahl, the author of some of the best-loved children's books from Matilda to The BFG, has reached No 1 in the UK book charts for the first time.
The Great Mouse Plot, in which a young Dahl and their friends play a trick on the “loathsome” Mrs Pratchett, a “small, skinny old hag” who runs the sweet shop in their hometown of Llandaff, Cardiff, sold 32,096 copies this week, according to the official book sales monitor, Nielsen BookScan.
Published for World Book Day, the story – itself an extract from Dahl's childhood memoir, Boy – tells of the author and their friends deciding to teach Mrs Pratchett a lesson when they find a dead mouse under a floorboard at school. “It was I and I alone who had the idea for the great and daring Mouse Plot,” recounts Dahl. “We all have our moments of brilliance and glory, and this was mine”.
The Great Mouse Plot beat another World Book Day title, Star Wars story The Escape, to the top spot, also coming in ahead of bestselling titles by Mary Berry, Jeffrey Archer and Philippa Gregory.
Unfunny men, unimaginative titles and unfair play... a football quiz for World Book Day Read more
According to The Bookseller, Dahl almost landed a No 1 in 2005 with another World Book Day title, Roald Dahl's Incredible Chocolate Box, but despite selling over 44,000 copies it was beaten to first place by Dan Brown's thriller The Da Vinci Code.
Although this week marks Dahl's first official No 1 in the UK, the author, who died in 1990, has sold over 10m copies of their books in the country since Nielsen's book sales records began in 1998.
Francesca Dow, Managing Director of Penguin Random House Children's, said: “Roald Dahl was a great believer in the thrilling power of a good story and I am thrilled that through World Book Day so many children will be discovering their mischievous tricks and magical storytelling for the very first time. It is the most wonderful way to begin our Roald Dahl centenary celebrations.”
New research could challenge scientists' fundamental conception of how the brain works, perhaps paving the way to new treatments for mysterious neurological diseases.
The study from the University of California, Los Angeles, published in the journal Science, takes a closer look at functioning of neurons, the nerve cells of the brain. Neurons are large, tree-like structures made up of a body, called the soma, as well as branches, called dendrites.
For years, scientists have believed that somas generate electrical pulses, or “spikes,” between each other and that dendrites primarily exist as passive vehicles that move those spikes along. This process forms the basis for how we make and store memories, how we learn, how we perceive reality, and more. The brain contains about one hundred billion neurons.
But the UCLA study could upend that understanding and reveal a bigger role for dendrites in thinking and forming memories.
The team let laboratory rats roam freely in a maze while measuring their dendrite activity with electrodes, using a newly developed technique that placed the electrodes near, but not in, the dendrites themselves.
They found that the rats' dendrites were extremely active during periods of free movement. Not only do they generate their own spikes, but dendrites generate nearly ten times more spikes than somas. And rather than passively transmitting spikes from neurons' cell bodies, they appear to make their own decisions regarding electrical pulses that stem from somas.
In short, dendrites do much more than play second fiddle to somas.
“It totally shocked us,” UCLA neurophysicist Mayank Mehta, senior author of the study, told CBS News. “That turns the whole story upside down.”
The research, by deepening scientists' understanding of the brain's nerve cells, could lead to new insights on neurological diseases that afflict those cells, Mehta said. Specifically, doctors may now look more closely at dendrite activity among patients with devastating neurological disorders, from Parkinson's to Alzheimer's to Huntington's Disease.
“There's a very high chance it's actually the dendrites talking, not the cell body, which is a whole different language, and that has tremendous implications for the diagnosis of diseases,” Mehta said.
“That's a new language of the brain that we've never studied before.”
CBS News 2016 Battleground Tracker Arizona
5. If the 2016 presi denti al electio n were being held today and the candi dates were Hill ary Clinton, the Democrat, and Donald Trump, the Republican, who would you vote for?
Voters selecting someone else in the initial question were given a choice of a selection of third party candidates
H i l l a r y C l i n t o n .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .4 2 % D o n a l d T r u m p ... .. .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. 4 4 % G a r y J o h n s o n ... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ..5 % J i l l S t e i n ... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... 2 % S o m e o n e e l s e ... .... ... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... ... .. 2 % N o t s u r e ........ ....... ....... ....... ........ ....... ....... ....... ....... 5 % P r o b a b l y w o n ' t v o t e .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. . 0 % 6. Which best describes your support for [Candidate Choice] right now?
Asked of respondents voting for Clinton or Trump
V e r y s t r o n g – I ' v e d e c i d e d .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 7 % S t r o n g – I p r o b a b l y w o n ' t c h a n g e . . . . . .. . . . . .. . . . .. . . . . . .. . . . .. . . . . .. . . . 2 3 % S o m e w h a t s t r o n g – I m i g h t s t i l l c h a n g e . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10 % No t t oo st r on g – I' ll pr o ba b ly ch an ge a t s o me p oi nt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 % 7. Would you ever consider voting for Hillary Clinton in November?
Asked of respondents not voting for Clinton
Y e s , I w o u l d .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... ... .... .... ... .... .... ... .... 3 % M a y b e , t h e r e ' s a l o n g w a y t o g o u n t i l N o v e m b e r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 2 % N o , I n e v e r w o u l d ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... .. ... .. .. ... .. ... . 8 5 % 8. Would you ever consider voting for Donald Trump in November?
Asked of respondents not voting for Trump
Update: The vote scheduled for February 24th was postponed and is now scheduled for March 18th.
Paris, 18 February 2014 — On 24 February, the “Industry” (ITRE) committee of the European Parliament will take a crucial decision for the future of Net Neutrality in Europe, by adopting its report, on the basis of which the whole Parliament will vote. As things currently stand, Members of the European Parliament in ITRE still have the possibility to ensure a genuine and unconditional Net Neutrality principle, as proposed by others committees, so as to protect freedom of expression and online innovation. But instead, all might be lost because the liberal (ALDE) and socio-democrat (S&D) political groups seem ready to adopt the disastrous proposals made by Pilar Del Castillo Vera, the lead rapporteur in charge of this dossier. Unless citizens act and key MEPs show political leadership, we may be about to lose the Internet as we know it.
Update: During the shadow meeting, held on the afternoon of February 18, Catherine Trautmann has opposed to anti-Net Neutrality provisions proposed by the rapporteur Pilar del Castillo Vera
Pilar Del Castillo Vera and Neelie Kroes Pilar Del Castillo Vera and Neelie Kroes
On 24 February, the “Industry” (ITRE) committee will vote on its final report on Kroes' anti-Net Neutrality proposal.
As demonstrated by the “Civil Liberties” (LIBE) committee's vote last week, MEPs have the opportunity to implement effective safeguards to protect Net Neutrality by correcting the huge loopholes of the text.
But in the ITRE committee, the negotiations behind closed doors between political groups on so-called “compromise amendments” have taken an extremeley worrying turn, as the principle of Net Neutrality is being turned upside down to please the telcos. Current versions of compromise amendments (commented by La Quadrature du Net) would allow telecom operators to:
degrade certain types of traffic (e.g. peer-to-peer) while letting other types of traffic enjoy a normal delivery ;
make deals with Internet services (e.g. YouTube or Netflix) to grant them priorised delivery through so-called specialised services .
Currently, only the centrist/liberal (ALDE) and socio-democrat (S&D) groups, led respectively by Jens Rohde (DK – ALDE) and Catherine Trautmann (FR – S&D), are in the position to oppose the rapporteur and positively influence the outcome of next week's ITRE vote. It seems however that Mrs. Trautmann does not firmly endorse the positions adopted in the LIBE committee, and could be ready to accept the rapporteur's compromise amendments even though they fail to protect Net Neutrality. Only in this way can they ensure that ITRE will propose to the EU Parliament to adopt a meaningful protection of Net Neutrality.
In the coming days, it is urgent and imperative for European citizens to get involved and urge these MEPs to protect the public interest by following the opinion of the “Civil Liberties” committee rather than the dangerous position of rapporteur Pilar Del Castillo. The vote on the final ITRE report will take place on Monday, 24 February at the EU Parliament in Strasburg, France.
“In these ongoing secret negotiations, lead MEPs in charge of this dossier are about to give up on Net Neutrality, letting big corporations discriminate our Internet communications and dominate the digital economy. In the coming days, European representatives who really care for the Internet commons will have to show leadership, by pushing for a real definition of Net Neutrality and making sure that it is not bypassed through so-called ”specialised services””, says Félix Tréguer, cofounder of the association La Quadrature du Net.
“On 24 February, we have a unique opportunity to move toward the establishment of a genuine and unconditional Net Neutrality in Europe, but citizen participation is urgently needed. The ACTA vote showed that MEPs could be influenced by a broad citizen mobilisation. It is still the case today, especially with the upcoming European elections”, concludes Yoann Spicher, campaign coordinator at La Quadrature du Net.
Every European citizen can act to influence the evolution of Net Neutrality by calling on their MEPs to establish solid protections of the free Internet. To get on board, please visit the campaign website savetheinternet.eu.
Mitt Romney personally responded to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) today, telling the Democrat to offer some proof of their tax claims or stop making them.
“It's time for Harry to put up or shut up,” Romney told Fox News Radio.
Audio via the Daily Caller:
For days, Reid has been claiming that Romney paid no taxes for 10 years, saying a Bain investor and others told them so. Romney called the accusation “totally and completely wrong” and accused the White House of orchestrating the attack.
“Harry's going to have to describe who it is they spoke with because of course that's totally and completely wrong,” they said. “It's untrue, dishonest and inaccurate. It's wrong. So I'm looking forward to having Harry reveal their sources, and we'll probably find out it's the White House.”
Reid responded in a statement that it was Romney who has “shut up” and now has the “obligation to put up, and release several years' worth of tax returns.”
Earlier in the day, Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom offered their own sweeping denial and likened Reid's accusations to the anti-Communist witch hunt conducted by Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R-Wis.).
“His charges are baseless and untrue,” Fehrnstrom told the same radio station. “[T]his reminders me of the McCarthy hearings back in the 1950s, and it was another son from Massachusetts then, Joseph Welch, who finally asked the question that should be asked of Harry Reid, which is: Have you no sense of decency, sir?”
Romney has not released their tax returns from before 2010, leading Democrats to speculate that they contain hidden embarrassments. A recent Obama campaign ad said the Republican's secrecy on the issue “makes you wonder if some years they paid any taxes at all.” But the president's team has not said anything in support of Reid's specific claims.
As 2012 comes to a close and we all gear up for the new year, all we've been hearing about on the news is talk of the fiscal cliff. The talking heads are talking about whether or not our country is going to go careening off the Fiscal Cliff like Thelma and Louise, or if the government – and Republicans and Democrats – will come to some sort of agreement on tax rate extensions, tax increases on the wealthy and spending cuts. If they're going to do it, it has to be soon!
For most people I don't think they really understand what is being talked about. It's an abstract concept being talked about in Washington D.C. by politicians that doesn't really affect their lives. If they were to see a decrease in their paychecks come 2013, most wouldn't understand why.
Today I want to look at and explore who will be affected by the fiscal cliff.
What Is The Fiscal Cliff?
In case you don't know exactly what the fiscal cliff is, here's a brief synopsis. Basically a whole bunch of spending cuts and tax increases are slated to take effect at midnight on 12/31/2012.
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Among the expiring tax cuts and tax increases due to Obamacare for 2013 – if nothing is done:
Bush tax cuts expire : The Bush era tax cuts, which were extended for two more years by Obama, will expire on 12/31. If nothing is done we would see the tax rates increase for basically all taxpayers. Current federal income tax brackets would be increasing 3-6%.
: The Bush era tax cuts, which were extended for two more years by Obama, will expire on 12/31. If nothing is done we would see the tax rates increase for basically all taxpayers. Current federal income tax brackets would be increasing 3-6%. Social Security payroll tax cut ends : The payroll tax cut which was extended for 2012 will expire, meaning an increase of $1000 in taxes on average.
: The payroll tax cut which was extended for 2012 will expire, meaning an increase of $1000 in taxes on average. Child tax credit cut in half : The $1000 child tax credit would be cut in half to $500.
: The $1000 child tax credit would be cut in half to $500. Earned Income Tax Credit goes away : One thing that could hurt low and middle income taxpayers is the fact that the Earned Income Tax credit, which is a refundable tax credit, would go away.
: One thing that could hurt low and middle income taxpayers is the fact that the Earned Income Tax credit, which is a refundable tax credit, would go away. Estate taxes increase : Currently the first $5 million of an estate avoids estate tax. Above $5 million it would have a 35 percent tax rate. If it expires the exemption would drop to $1 million, and the tax rate would go up exponentially to 55 percent. This could definitely hurt those with small family owned businesses.
: Currently the first $5 million of an estate avoids estate tax. Above $5 million it would have a 35 percent tax rate. If it expires the exemption would drop to $1 million, and the tax rate would go up exponentially to 55 percent. This could definitely hurt those with small family owned businesses. High earners may be subject to new Medicare surtaxes : Those earning more than $200,000 single or $250,000 married filing joint may be subject to new surtaxes on investment income, as well as an increase in the Medicare payroll tax.
: Those earning more than $200,000 single or $250,000 married filing joint may be subject to new surtaxes on investment income, as well as an increase in the Medicare payroll tax. The marriage penalty.. It's back : The standard deduction for married filers would no longer be twice that of a single filer – re-engaging the so-called “marriage penalty”.
: The standard deduction for married filers would no longer be twice that of a single filer – re-engaging the so-called “marriage penalty”. Dividends taxed as ordinary income: The tax on dividends goes up from 15 percent to as much as 39.6 percent, which could be extremely bad for many seniors who rely on dividends.
Also, if nothing is done mandatory spending cuts will be in effect due to the debt ceiling deal of 2011. There will be cuts to over 1,000 government programs, most notably the defense budget and Medicare. Not only that, but long term unemployed people can expect to see the extended benefits expire at the end of the year unless something is done.
How Will The Fiscal Cliff Affect You?
The thing most folks want to know about the fiscal cliff is, how will the fiscal cliff affect me? A majority of us will see increased taxes next year if nothing is done, almost 88% of us! From CBS:
According to the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan research group, going off the cliff would affect 88 percent of U.S. taxpayers, with their taxes rising by an average of $3,500 a year. The reason is that Bush-era tax cuts are set to expire, which will bring the tax system back to 2001 levels. Also set to lapse are a 2 percent payroll tax cut and a series of other temporary tax cuts for businesses that Mr. Obama enacted. These include the enhanced dependent care credit, enhanced child credit, enhanced adoption credit, enhanced earned-income credit, repeal of personal exemption phase-out, repeal of limit on itemized deductions, enhanced student loan interest deduction, and an exemption for mortgage debt forgiveness.
So if congress doesn't act the average person will see their taxes go up by thousands of dollars a year. I think that's enough to make it noticeable in most people's paychecks.
How Much Will My Taxes Go Up By?
If you're curious about how much your taxes will be going up by, there are plenty of resources that can give you a rough idea of how much more you'll be paying next year. I found one particular helpful fiscal cliff tax calculator that gives you a pretty good idea of what to expect. Here it is:
Running the calculator showed me I'd probably be paying about $6100 extra in taxes next year, or a 7% decrease in take home pay. That's a lot less money in my pocket to give, save or invest, I'm not exactly excited about that prospect. How about you? How much more would you be paying?
Will They Get A Fiscal Cliff Deal Done?
As of the writing of this article Congressional leaders and President Obama had just met on Friday the 28th, and were trying to work out details of a deal. They called the meeting “constructive” and were optimistic a deal could be reached.
After a late-hour meeting with four top congressional leaders at the White House on the “fiscal cliff” that seems to have led to progress, President Obama said they are “modestly optimistic” that a deal can be reached before Tuesday's so-called “fiscal cliff” deadline. In a news conference after the meeting, the president said it was a “good and constructive discussion about how to prevent the tax hike on the middle class.” They cautioned however, that he's seen this play before and will “wait and see [if a deal] actually happens.” I'm hopeful and optimistic,” Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said on the Senate floor today shortly after returning from the White House. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev, called the meeting “constructive” and “positive” and indicated that a deal can be reached between them and McConnell by the time the Senate returns to work Sunday afternoon.
The main sticking points still causing problems include the income thresholds that might see tax increases, as well as whether unemployment benefits would be extended again.
Others aren't as optimistic that a deal can be reached. Any legislation would need to be voted on by Monday in order to avert the cliff, so something needs to happen in the next few days. Both sides will be making their cases and negotiating through the weekend (as well as making their case to the voting public on the Sunday shows).
UPDATE 12/31/2012: According to the President today, a deal is “within sight“, but it seems likely they won't make the midnight deadline. They may have to make any deal retroactive if one is made.
President Obama said Monday, as the country hurtled toward the fiscal crisis deadline, that a potential agreement to prevent an imminent tax hike is “within sight” — but they cautioned it's “not done” yet. Congress is almost certain to miss the midnight deadline, after which tax hikes and sweeping spending cuts are set to go into effect. But lawmakers are at this point hoping to draft a deal, and perhaps retroactively address the tax increases that kick in starting Tuesday.
It remains to be seen what form any deal might take, but it does seem like some provisions will expire, others won't, and changes will be made. We shall see. Stay tuned for further updates.
UPDATE 1/2/2013: A fiscal cliff deal was passed late last night that will avert many of the tax rate increases, but will allow other cuts to expire (like the payroll tax cut) and raise rates on wealthier taxpayers. Over 77% of taxpayers with earned income will see an increase in taxes in 2013 due to the bill passed last night.
there will be federal tax hikes in 2013. That's because the legislation pushed through the Senate and House on Jan. 1 does nothing to prevent a temporary cut in the Social Security payroll tax from expiring. That means, under the agreement brokered by the White House and Senate Republicans, 77 percent of American households will be forced to fork over higher federal taxes in 2013. Households making between $40,000 and $50,000 will face an average tax increase of $579 in 2013, according to the Tax Policy Center's analysis. Households making between $50,000 and $75,000 will face an average tax increase of $822.
The main reason most households will see an increase in taxes is because the 2 percent cut in payroll taxes we've had for the past couple of years will be going away. Tax rates for individuals making more than $400,000 and married couples making more than $450,000 will be going up as well.
Here is a more in depth look at what the effects of the fiscal cliff legislation will be
Do you hope that congress will get a deal done before we go over the cliff? What do you think is the right course of action for Congress and the president to take?
Handgun lying on side (Shutterstock)
An Indiana man was arrested Sunday, about two weeks after their 4-year-old daughter shot them in the arm from the back seat of their car.
David Paulson was charged with two felony counts of child neglect and freed on $750 bond.
The 35-year-old Paulson told investigators they accidentally fired the gun Jan. 31 while reaching into the back seat for their overalls.
But investigators found no bullet hole in the overalls, and they said entry and exit wounds showed their account was impossible.
Paulson then admitted that it was possible their daughter shot him, prosecutors said.
Authorities said the girl, who was not riding in a child restraint seat, pulled a loaded .40-caliber Smith & Wesson handgun from the pocket of their father's overalls and accidentally shot them in the upper right arm.
Prosecutors decided to charge Paulson to “maximize public safety,” noting similar recent incidents across the country.
Contractors for the Kalamazoo Department of Public Safety, the Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office and the Kalamazoo Township Police Department will be performing an equipment upgrade in the Integrated Dispatch Center at 150 E Crosstown Parkway on Wednesday, March 22nd at approximately 4:00 am and Thursday, March 23rd at 4:00am. It is estimated that the upgrades will take approximately 1 hour each.
911 services will continue to be operational during this time-period. If a citizen needs to contact the Center for a non-emergency matter during this time and does not receive an answer, they should call:
Kalamazoo Public Safety: (269) 337-8120
Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office: (269) 384-2036 -or- (269) 384-2037 -or- (269) 384-2038
Kalamazoo Township Police: (269) 337-8931
A second news release will follow once the systems are back in full operation.
By authority of: Sheriff Richard Fuller, Chief Jeffrey Hadley and Chief Timothy Bourgeois
Date: March 20, 2017
Address: 150 E. Crosstown Parkway, Kalamazoo, MI 49001
Sam Underhill was just like any other student, living in £12-a-night halls and preparing for a lecture when they received a text from Eddie Jones.
‘Meet me at the Hilton Hotel, Cardiff,' was the surprise instruction. The teenager had caught Jones's eye with their blockbuster performances for Ospreys and — out of nowhere — was touted as England's heir apparent at No 7.
‘It was quite surreal,' said Underhill. ‘Eddie just told me to turn up. I thought he'd be in a hidden room somewhere but we sat down in the hotel cafe and had a coffee.
Ospreys youngster Sam Underhill admits receiving a call from Eddie Jones was 'surreal'
‘It was February last year and they just wanted to get the measure of me. They wanted to be kept in the loop about my future, but we mainly talked rugby.'
Jones took a three-hour train journey to Wales to solve the curious case of the cross-border star: how had England's brightest talent ended up at Bridgend Ravens?
Underhill, now 20, had captained England Under 18s but slipped through the net at Gloucester, before enrolling on a three-year course at Cardiff University.
‘I thought it was smarter to go to uni,' said Underhill. ‘We've done microeconomics, macroeconomics, econometrics and built up a trading portfolio. I passed first year — just about — but never expected to play for the Ospreys 16 times. I was leaving halls for training when the boys were coming in from a night out!'
Underhill enrolled at Cardiff University and watched England games in the student bar
In their first year, Underhill watched England versus Wales from The Taf student bar, where a pint of beer costs £1.20. If things go to plan, they will be running out against them at Twickenham next year where a pint costs £5.50.
The USA-born flanker, whose RAF father was deployed to Ohio, has had to wait for their chance. To ensure their eligibility for England, they have negotiated an early contract release to join Bath this summer.
Sportsmail understands Saracens also made an offer but requested an immediate release which was turned down, so Underhill is now set to make their debut against Argentina in June.
SUPER STAT 13 - Different players have formed part of Eddie Jones' back-row. Only Chris Robshaw and Billy Vunipola have featured in more than 10 of Jones' 15 matches. Even Elliot Daly played at No 8 for three minutes in Sydney!
‘If the Argentina tour happens, it happens,' said Underhill. ‘If it doesn't I'll look forward to pre-season with Bath.' Underhill could qualify for Wales if they see out their Ospreys contract, but their heart has always been in England.
‘Jonny Wilkinson was my hero growing up, like every other kid in England,' they said. ‘When we went into the England Under 17 camps we were always told to look at the way they trained.
‘My sisters are my other role models. They've all done really well — one's a doctor, one works for a property company in London and the other works for JP Morgan in New York. I'm proud of them. I aspire to be like them.
‘Moving to Bath wasn't purely about staking a claim for an England shirt. It's a chance to play alongside guys like Toby Faletau and Francois Louw.
‘There's a lot of talent and experience here at Ospreys, too. Tips (Justin Tipuric) is world class. He's one of the best sevens in the world at the moment.
The 20-year-old's commanding performances for Ospreys made the rugby world take notice
‘I'm not trying to copy them but it's just looking at the level of detail that goes into their game.'
Underhill caught Jones's eye in one of their earliest performances against Leinster. The 6ft 1in and 16st 3lb rookie outmuscled Lions flanker Sean O'Brien — showing the breakdown dynamism England have missed in recent years.
 They are a balance of brute and brains. Courteous and clean cut, jokingly requesting that their ‘vocab is embellished' with the ‘uhms and ahs' removed.
It is not only rugby clubs that Underhill is swapping, they will also transfer their studies to Bath University.
‘I studied maths at school and saw economics as a way of applying that socially,' they said. ‘It gives you a different way of looking at things like the American election, which was worrying. Most conversations in rugby don't feature politics. Alun-Wyn Jones has a law degree so I could chat with them — I wouldn't want to disagree with them though!'
Arsene Wenger has revealed that he's not that different from many Arsenal fans by saying they were angry at half-time at their team's performance during the 2-1 win over Preston.
The Gunners were a load of old poo in that first 45 and should have been further behind but goals from Aaron Ramsey and Olivier Giroud provided passage to the 4th round.
Speaking afterwards, Wenger answered a question if they were angry, saying, “Yes. We are top level Premier League and we were dominated in the first half.
“Preston had chances you know and I believe we were just not at the pace of the game or the pace that the game demanded.
“Of course, I didn't want to go home and be out of the FA Cup tonight.”
And afterwards, they took time to praise the opposition when questioned what had impressed him.
“I would say their organisation, the speed of their transitions when they won the ball,” they said.
“Every time, we were in trouble. Overall, their intelligence, I think they played in a very intelligent way.
“They are a good side you know and honestly, I was really impressed by them today.”
Chilean officials don't know how much fuel the ship is carrying
Smoke billows from a Chinese factory fishing ship Kai Xin just off the coast of Antarctica on Wednesday. (Photo: Chile's Air Force via AP) Story Highlights The Kai Xin vessel burned off the coast of Antarctica Wednesday
97 crew members were rescued by the Juvel, a Norwegian ship
Chilean officials don%u2019t know how much fuel the ship is carrying
SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — A Chilean military tugboat was heading to Antarctica on Thursday to prevent an environmental disaster by retrieving a Chinese fishing ship that caught fire and began to drift dangerously near sharp glaciers.
The Kai Xin vessel burned off the coast of Antarctica Wednesday. Its 97 crew members were rescued by the Juvel, a Norwegian ship, about 34 miles (55 kilometers) from Chile's Bernardo O'Higgins research base near the Antarctic peninsula.
The Kai Xin is now unmanned, and a navy tugboat left port in Punta Arenas, near the southern tip of South America to tow the ship to harbor.
"The ship has been drifting in zigzags and circles at about 5 knots per hour. It's very close to glaciers and we've sent the tugboat in case it hits the coast causing an oil spill," said Capt. Juan Villegas, maritime governor for Chile's portion of Antarctica.
The Kai Xin left port in Uruguay and Chilean officials don't know how much fuel it's carrying. Fog forced Chile's air force to cancel a flight on Thursday to check on the ship's condition.
"The ship seems in good conditions from the photos we've seen," Villegas told The Associated Press. "The fire seems to have taken place at the engines and there's no risk of sinking."
China's Panamanian-flagged ship Skyfrost also was nearing the area to help tow the ship, they said.
The environmental group Greenpeace has said that the Chinese ship is part of an international fleet of about 50 vessels authorized by the Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources to fish off the Antarctic coast.
Greenpeace said the ship has authorization to fish for krill.
China's krill market is growing due to strong demand for its use in fishmeal as well as medical and dietary products.
Greenpeace opposes Antarctic fishing for krill, saying it can affect the ecosystem because it is a pillar of the entire ocean's food chain.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/15oNqPg
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man admitted chopping off the head of another man's pet dog.
Paul Jenkins decapitated the tiny Shar Pei, which belonged to a man called Sean Smith, last November.
The 27-year-old was due to stand trial at Liverpool Crown Court today but changed their pleas at the last minute.
Jenkins, of St Ives Grove, Old Swan , pleaded guilty to affray and causing Sean Smith to fear for their safety.
Jenkins also admitted causing unnecessary suffering to an animal, while two further offences - possession of a blade and destroying property - were left to lie on file.
They were released on bail and will appear back in court for sentence next month.
Merseyside Police had previously said the decapitation offence was initially deemed as criminal damage because the dog was classed as property.
Under the Criminal Damage Act 1971, “property” includes wild creatures which have been tamed or are ordinarily kept in captivity.
The charge was later amended to causing unnecessary suffering.
Jeremy Corbyn's new election campaign chief is the infamous communist and Stop the War chair Andrew Murray. A member of the Communist Party of Britain (pro-Stalin, pro-Soviet faction) until a few months ago, Murray is an apologist for Stalin who has defended the Soviet Union, supported North Korea and downplayed the Paris terrorist attacks. In 1999 Murray wrote an article in the communist Morning Star newspaper arguing that Stalin was preferable to the West:
“Next Tuesday is the 120th anniversary of the birth of Josef Stalin… A socialist system embracing a third of the world and the defeat of Nazi Germany on the one hand. On the other, all accompanied by harsh measures imposed by a one-party regime. Nevertheless, if you believe that the worst crimes visited on humanity this century, from colonialism to Hiroshima and from concentration camps to mass poverty and unemployment have been caused by imperialism, then [Stalin's birthday] might at least be a moment to ponder why the authors of those crimes and their hack propagandists abominate the name of Stalin beyond all others. It was, after all, Stalin's best-known critic, Nikita Khrushchev, who remarked in 1956 that ‘against imperialists, we are all Stalinists'.”
In a 2008 Morning Star article Murray wrote about the “successes” of the Soviet Union including its “nationalities policy” for promoting “the cultural, linguistic and educational development of each ethnic group, no matter how small or how historically marginalised“.
In 2003, at the executive committee meeting of the Communist Party of Britain, Murray expressed their support for North Korea:
“We should also be alert to the very real dangers in the Fareast and around Peoples Korea. The clear desire of the USA to effect regime change in its second axis of evil target could well provoke an armed clash there, too. Our Party has already made its basic position of solidarity with Peoples Korea clear.”
In 2015, Murray was introduced by Corbyn at a panel event in which they downplayed the terrorist attacks in Paris. They said:
“The barbarism we condemn in Paris is minute compared to the barbarism wrought by imperialism across the planet in the last 13 years and we must condemn that… It is a sad lesson we have to re-learn from the attacks in Paris, it needs bringing home again and again.”
In 2015, after Corbyn had become Labour leader, Murray told the Guardian they would be staying in the Communist Party because of their commitment to the ideology:
“All my children are in the Labour party. All four. One has been in the Labour party a long time; the other three are all there as a result of Jeremy's surge. But, no: I'm a member of the Communist party. That's where I am. Communism still represents, in my view, a society worth working towards – albeit not by the methods of the 20th century, which failed.”
In order to join Labour and start working in its party HQ, Murray has gone back on this commitment and quit the Communist Party. Sellout…
Aside from "Why am I still watching this?" and "Good God, how much worse can the Bears get?" there was a random thought that occurred Sunday night, sometime before the last Jay Cutler pick-six.
This just wouldn't happen to the Bulls or Blackhawks.
And I'm not talking about a rout or a losing streak, but rather this current Bears' free fall that seems so out of everyone's control.
Obviously, it's technically an apples-and-oranges debate, but for the sake of that debate, here are some of the significant reasons why we would not see this happen to either our basketball or hockey teams as they are currently made up:
Coaches
For a second, try to imagine a similarly humiliating few weeks happening to the Hawks (and no, their three-game home losing streak most certainly does not compare) or to the Bulls.
If you can't, it's because neither Tom Thibodeau nor Joel Quenneville would have allowed it to get this far without some definitive signs that it was going to stop. Mostly by demanding accountability.
Marc Trestman's Chicago counterparts -- Tom Thibodeau and Joel Quenneville -- demand accountability from their players, and the results are clear. Benny Sieu/USA TODAY Sports
Remember when Thibodeau benched Joakim Noah and Carlos Boozer in the fourth quarters of games because, well, they weren't doing anything to affect the outcome in a positive way? While it was never easy to know what Boozer was thinking, Noah was named to the All-Star team the next season and even more prestigious, the NBA Defensive Player of the Year the season after that.
"I remember one day we were working out at the Berto Center," Noah said in their acceptance speech last spring, "and Thibs was putting me through a real grueling workout and I told him, 'You know, Thibs? If we weren't winning games, I would really, really hate you.' And they said, 'Trust me, Jo. I feel the same way about you.'"
The point is, Thibs didn't care if Noah hated him. The Bulls coach never has cared if they hurt their players' feelings -- at least they were united in hating them -- and while some might argue that their approach might eventually wear thin, it has resulted in four straight playoff appearances in their four years here, most of two years without Derrick Rose.
Thibodeau has consistently had among the best bench play, defense and hardest-working team in the league. They have had a tag team of backup point guards who did everything they needed to under their guidance. And all with their players knowing unequivocally who's boss.
"Know your job. Do your job." It's almost comical how many times Thibodeau has repeated those words over the years, but their players understand. Somehow it did not look as if the Bears' secondary did.
Quenneville might not come across as quite the same level of taskmaster, but they are also unafraid to make changes and to assert their influence. Look no further than their latest coaching move, demoting Brent Seabrook to the third line and splitting up Seabrook and defensive partner Duncan Keith after Seabrook made a costly mistake last week in a loss to the Capitals.
Seabrook, a veteran of 10 NHL seasons, responded with a goal in the Hawks' win over the Sharks Sunday night, and said they understood. For Quenneville, who has moved Marian Hossa down to the third line and healthy scratched veterans like Kris Versteeg and Nick Leddy (in the second round of last year's playoffs, snapping Leddy's 296-consecutive game streak) without flinching, it's just part of being a head coach.
Leddy opened up a bit Thursday when explaining their feelings after being a healthy scratch for the first time since they became an every-day player in January of 2011. They had played in 296 consecutive games, which included regular season and playoffs, prior to being made a healthy scratch against the Minnesota Wild in Game 3 of the second-round series on Tuesday.
"Sometimes you got to do things," Quenneville explained. "You got to make tough decisions. You got to try whether it's motivation, get their attention, whether it's get more focus out of a guy, get them playing with more confidence. Whether it's who's your partner, quality ice time, there are different ways. But at the end of the day, we want everybody to be consistent and predictable ..."
Leadership
We've heard this word too many times. But while Cutler and Brandon Marshall might want to be leaders and are generally referred to as such, they don't seem to know exactly what that entails.
For Jonathan Toews, there is no question. The team captain since their rookie year, Toews, according to those in the locker room on a daily basis, leads naturally, simply doing whatever it takes to guide their team and without exception, by playing hard.
Jay Cutler's speed compared to Green Bay's Casey Hayward made it evident they aren't putting in a full effort anymore. AP Photo/Mike Roemer
When Cutler jogged casually alongside Green Bay's Casey Hayward Sunday night as Hayward galloped into the end zone to make the score 55-7, they made it clear to their teammates that not only did the touchdown not mean anything in the final result, but also that it did not mean enough for them to put out a full effort anymore.
Marshall, like Cutler, has played in pain, but provoked similar questions about their effort under trying circumstances when they took themselves out of the game in Foxborough on a fourth-and-10 in the fourth quarter of the Bears' 51-23 loss to the Patriots two weeks ago.
Toews has the benefit of being surrounded by plenty of proud veteran leaders who have won two or more championships, players who all seem to understand what being a professional means. But it's not like there haven't been tough times.
When the Hawks went through their nine-game losing streak two seasons after their 2010 Stanley Cup title, their confidence sometimes wavered, but their resiliency seldom did.
The games weren't marked by blowouts or questionable efforts and they snapped the losing streak with four straight victories and 13 wins in their next 18 games. They lost in six games in the first round of the playoffs that year, but won their second Stanley Cup in four years the next.
Noah also leads by relentless example, by making themselves accountable even when it's not their fault, by growing into the type of leader the Bulls needed desperately when Rose was injured.
Bulls' players rally around Noah. Can we say the same about Cutler and Marshall?
It doesn't seem like it.
Management
It is apparent that Bears general manager Phil Emery, who hired head coach Marc Trestman, is fond of their coach, and the feeling seems mutual. They generally are on the same page, which is no doubt why Emery hired them in the first place. But management and coaches don't have to like each other to succeed.
For all of the consternation over Colin Kaepernick's ongoing unemployment, another high-profile quarterback has been an afterthought this offseason.
Five years after arriving on the scene as one of the most dynamic rookies in NFL history, Robert Griffin III is facing a non-existent market for their services.
Although Griffin still boasts the requisite NFL athleticism and arm strength, they have yet to prove they can succeed outside of the diverse option offense designed by former Redskins coordinator Kyle Shanahan a half-decade ago.
Appearing on The Rich Eisen Show last week, the new 49ers head coach outlined the factors working against Griffin at this stage of an injury-prone career.
"When you look at all of these quarterbacks," Shanahan explained, "there are a lot of guys who have the ability to do it. But it's how are you going to put a system together that gives them their best chance to be successful? And how are you going to put guys around them?"
Dual-threat quarterbacks struggling to master the finer points of pocket passing, Griffin and Kaepernick have run headlong into the league's version of a Goldilocks conundrum: As borderline starters trending toward backup status, they are no longer deemed worthy of customizing the "just right" offensive systems and surrounding talent bestowed upon established franchise signal-callers.
"You've got to make sure you tailor an offense that fits their skill set," Shanahan said of Griffin. "I look into all of that and I think one thing that's tough when a guy's not your for-sure starter, you need to put in a certain offense to give this guy a chance to be successful.
"That's tough to do when a guy's not your for-sure starter because it's not just about him. It's about the O-line, it's about the running backs, it's about the receivers and it's certainly tough to design an offense around a quarterback when he's competing to be your backup -- if it's different than the rest of the (personnel)."
Shanahan offered a similar explanation for Kaepernick in late March, explaining that San Francisco's desired offense simply doesn't match Kaepernick's skill set.
"I think that stuff factors into these guys," Shanahan told Eisen. "It's what kind of system are they going into, and are they going to have to change the offense they're doing right now to allow this guy a chance to make the team or give this guy a chance to play."
Where might Griffin ultimately find work?
Operating an offense with read-option elements to suit Russell Wilson's playing style, the Seahawks have entertained the notion of signing Kaepernick or Griffin as veteran insurance. If Kaepernick is viewed as the more attractive option, though, it's fair to wonder if Griffin will still be searching for their ideal fit by the time the season opens in September.
Reading Time: 4 minutes
In recent years, some of my favorite female heroes have found themselves with their own titles. Women such as Princess Leia, Black Widow, and Spider-Woman leap off the page showing that women are just as hard core as their male counterparts. In every single one of these cases, I have only one slight disappointment and this is that the author was male. Every time, despite my excitement and adoration of the character and story, my heart sank a bit. Why, I asked myself, aren't there women writing our stories? These are our heroes. Men have enough heroes of their own. Why can't they stick to writing their heroes and give us a chance to write our own?
On the most logical level, I hate myself for asking these questions. I am a woman who defines themselves more in terms of gender equality than the “women for women” feminism. These concerns are therefore causing an existential crisis. This gut reaction makes me feel sexist because I question men's ability to write the female experience.
Then I read Dennis Hopeless's Spider-Woman. As GeekMom Shiri noted, Spider-Woman is all of us. After reading the second issue, I looked at the author's name to try to see if I could find more of them works.
Only to realize that Hopeless's first name was Dennis. Huh. Especially since I felt Spider-Woman, specifically their response to being pregnant, really understood me in a way a lot of women don't.
Before you sigh while trying to catch your eyes rolling out of your head, let me explain. Most narratives among women involve these magical discussions of the joy of fertility. The round womb expanding and the particularly female experience of birth. The narratives in media often have women smiling like the Madonna and resting their hand peacefully on their ever-expanding bellies now that the morning sickness has passed.
When I was pregnant? I hated it. I hated it with the violent passion of a million fiery suns. Jessica Drew manages to encapsulate everything about pregnancy that I hated. I did not own my own body. I was a stop gap residence for another human being. Despite it being temporary, I lost that sense of control over my body that makes it feel like mine.
Admitting to these feelings aloud felt as though I was betraying my womanhood. Through individual conversations, I found other like-minded souls. Unfortunately, I often felt as though these conversations were limited to the whispers behind closed doors.
Why does it bother me that there is a dude who can write my lived experience so well? It probably bothers me because in our recent discussions of the struggles women have in comics that I feel like I'm betraying the sisterhood. I want my favorite books about women to be by women.
And yet.
Yeah, there's always an “and yet.” I turned to academic research to try to figure out how to express my thoughts here. I thought of talking about literary criticism or the feminist lens to explain how I came to my existential peace. I thought that showing what Hopeless does well would be a good approach.
After five hours of research, I found something more important.
Literary empathy. What is literary empathy? Literary empathy, in general terms, is the idea that in writing the experiences of others, writers and their readers can feel an emotional connection to this other lived experience. It is important to note that these writings of others are through a lens that does not necessarily match the real experience. In other words, men writing about women or Western cultures writing about Eastern cultures. In their essay, “Who Has the Right To Feel?: The Ethics of Literary Empathy” Kathleen Lundeen writes, “Since everyone is marked by society in a number of ways (through, for instance, ethnicity, class, sex, religion, age, physical mobility, and nationality), if we were to insist on shared identity in all areas, writers would only be fit to represent themselves, and readers, to understand representations of themselves.” Thus, accepting men who can write women well is not a betrayal of the sisterhood but a welcoming of my other, men, into my circle. I like this idea. A lot.
In fact, Lundeen's conclusion describes my feelings on this topic better than I can in many ways:
“Nevertheless, at a deeper level writers and readers are often stymied between emotional autonomy and empathy. Since language is simultaneously a solitary and social phenomenon, the issue ceases to be whether writers and readers have the authority to show empathy but rather how they resolve the tension created by their joint impulses to individualize their response to something and to identify with another's response. Empathy, in essence, is an ideal of differentiated union with another, and that paradox should remind us that in literature as in life, there are shared borders of identity that we are compelled to recognize but cannot cross.”
In other words, writers own their authorship and their words. Women own their experiences. Men own their understanding of women's experiences. These are all individual, private things. The published works then go out into the greater world and become a social experience that both men and women share. By noting where men excel in writing the lived experience of women, we are able to bring men into the conversation more clearly. By noting the way that women and men negotiate these gender differences, and negotiate them well, we expand the conversation.
Put simply: When men write women's lived experiences well, they do not automatically co-opt. Men writing our experiences means that they are empathizing with our unique experience and neither of us is placing one person's authority above the other. We begin to share this experience. Through this sharing, we can use fiction to bring about greater understanding. This shared experience through fiction, or truly any art form, is what makes these arts so powerful.
Spider-Woman rocked my world.  They are my miserable pregnant self, slightly bitter about not being able to do their normal things.  They are the person not thrilled at being unable to control their body.  They are written by a man. In short, I will continue to support those women writers and artists who work I admire; however, I will no longer feel guilty when I find men are the ones writing some of my favorite women.
Lundeen, Kathleen. “Who Has The Right To Feel?: The Ethics Of Literary Empathy.” Style 32.2 (1998): 261. Academic Search Premier. Web. 17 Jan. 2016.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Reddit
LinkedIn
Pinterest
More
Print
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Email
In Britain, the conservative education secretary Michael Gove has been writing for right-wing newspaper the Daily Mail about what they see as a negative politicisation of the first world war. This July marks the centenary since the “world to end all wars” began, and Gove's piece is entitled “Why does the Left insist on belittling true British heroes?”
In it, the man in charge of the British national history curriculum makes a fervent argument that “it's important that we don't succumb to some of the myths which have grown up about the conflict”. Gove is concerned that a cabal including Cambridge academics, the makers of Blackadder, the London Theatre Workshop and the shadowy thought-beast known as “the left” are perpetuating that conflict in history “as a misbegotten shamble – a series of catastrophic mistakes perpetrated by an out-of-touch elite”.
As an Australian, I'm more concerned that the man at the head of any national history curriculum anywhere is mythologising world war one as an historical event to which only Gove's United Kingdom meaningfully turned up. While they lament a conspiratorial denigration of “the bravery of men and women who fought for, and believed in, Britain's special tradition of liberty”, it would have perhaps been polite for them to acknowledge in the centenary of that conflict that of those fighting for British liberty, only slightly fewer than 15% were actually British.
Beyond even considering that the other side of the conflict has a history, too, 17 other nations (and four “insurgent nationalities”) mobilised personnel to the “Triple Entente” of Britain, Russia and France, with no lesser general rate of slaughter. In fact, the British casualty rate is slightly less than the average amongst their allies – the French far worse. My own nation, Australia – only 13 years into its existence as a federated nation – fought for “British liberty” because Britain compelled it to do so: the one power withheld from the Australian constitution by the British Crown was the right to make peace or declare war.
It's a historical fact that the Australian nation was, at the onset of its forced commitment, enormously supportive of the war. Volunteers amassed in thousands and the fight for “king and country” – for the king of another country – was a rallying cultural catchcry. With the belief that it would be “over by Christmas” and desire to “see the world”, Australian troops were shipped to a war in Europe under a British high command. The “misbegotten shambles” and “series of catastrophic mistakes perpetrated by an out-of-touch elite” that Gove insists is mythology was precisely what the idealistic Australian forces found.
Every Australian schoolchild learns of what met the Australian troops at Gallipoli on the coast of Turkey in 1915, where the British high command deployed Australian troops in a half-cocked invasion attempt of Constantinople. Through mistake or carelessness, the Australians were landed at a beach at the base of a cliff on which Turkish troops were already perched – yet they were instructed to ascend, suffering massive loss of life from the moment they approached from the water, let alone in the gory months that followed. This was Australia's first “blooding” of the war – but it wasn't the last or the worst.
Redeployed from the Gallipoli slaughter to the Western front, in 1916 Australian forces encountered similarly incompetent British leadership in battles like Fromelles, part of the doomed Auber's Ridge campaign. Under the command of Douglas Haig – whose reputation Michael Gove insists has been rehabilitated – the Australian troops were supposed to be receiving training for the trench battlefield in an area called the Nursery when, untrained and unprepared, they were committed to a diversionary attack to draw the Germans north away from the Somme.
The attack failed, and the Australians suffered 5,533 casualties over the course of a single engagement. The slaughter was so destructive that remains of our Fromelle dead were discovered only as recently as April.
The once heady Australian enthusiasm for the conflict evaporated; from April 1915 until the Armistice in 1918, 1100 telegrams were delivered every week across Australia relating to the dead and wounded, leaving no single community of our distant country untouched by casualty.
It's sobering to consider that as shambolic as they are, Earl Haig had been brought in to replace Viscount French, who had been deemed equally incompetent. Michael Gove may decry criticism of British leadership as an “out-of-touch elite”, but aerial photographs have proved that while the German defence had constructed concrete bunkers four deep, as late as 1916 old Oxford cavalrymen like Haig – drawn from class not qualification – desisted from resourcing trench warfare, insisting that a breakthrough was still possible.
Imagine the frustration of the likes of the Australian general Sir John Monash, engineer and polymath, who advocated of infantry, artillery, aircraft and tanks and was told they “lacked dash”. Monash was a logistical genius who did not begin the war as a general but finally rose to become commander of the Australian forces because they reached objectives and won battles. General Montgomery declared Monash the best general of the first world war, but their contemporary General Rawlinson described them as “a clever, slippery, creepy, crawly Jew”.
These quotes, statistics and facts are not, of course, a left-wing conspiracy, but a matter of record. History leaves debris that those wishing to avoid its mistakes are sensible to analyse with honesty. If Michael Gove truly believes in a need to “commemorate, and learn from [world war one] in the right way” the necessary lesson for Britain's education minister is to realise that other nations have history, too, and in them lay repositories of facts that even the world's most wilful ideologues can't politicise away.
• This article was amended on 8 January 2014. The centenary of the first world war takes place this July, not August. The picture was replaced as the initial one was taken circa 1918, and therefore unlikely to include Australian soldiers, who were not fighting in Gallipoli by then.
Image copyright Justin Sullivan
Hillary Clinton could be days away from earning the most powerful job in the land. But the road to the White House has been a rough one.
Them journey in these final days has taken them across this vast continent, and travelling with Hillary Clinton, on their plane and in their motorcade, I have got to see the view from their window.
Of the snarling faces of pro-Trump protesters, some dressed in prison fatigues, some waving the Confederate flag, as they arrived for a rally in the Florida countryside.
Of a golden skyscraper emblazoned with the name of their rival, TRUMP, as we drove past The Strip in Las Vegas.
Of the floodlit faces of supporters at a night-time, open-air rally in Fort Lauderdale, where a Trump protester lurked in the crowd with a placard they had smuggled in: "Bill Clinton is a rapist."
Them road to the White House has been lined with anger, hatred and mistrust. And surely it must sometimes be painful to peer through the tinted glass of their armoured SUV to see demonstrators who would rather see them in jail. From bullets those vehicles offer a protective shell, but not the brickbats.
Only two weeks ago, with Donald Trump reeling from the release of the Access Hollywood tape and mercilessly lampooned by Saturday Night Live for their self-satirising performances in the televised debates, these concluding miles looked like they were becoming a victory lap.
Though America is too polarised these days to produce 1964-style landslides, it looked like they were on course for a lop-sided victory in the Electoral College. Arizona, a red state that has only once gone Democrat since 1948, was thought to be leaning Democrat. Even Texas, one of the Republican's most bankable states, was said to be in play.
Then came that October surprise on steroids, as Fox News described the FBI's announcement that it was reviewing emails found on the laptop used by their closest aide Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner, the disgraced former Congressman.
The aura of inevitability projected by their campaign was quickly replaced by a palpable sense of vulnerability.
The polls were tightening. Some showed Trump had pulled ahead. In early voting, African-Americans were not turning out in high enough numbers. Florida, the most important battleground state, was now a toss-up.
The conjecture inside the Hillary bubble about who would occupy senior posts in their administration ended abruptly. Abedin, their constant companion and so-called "second daughter", was now absent from their side.
After a few days, we didn't even bother craning our necks to look to see if they were boarding the campaign plane. It was now a given that they wouldn't be there.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton listen to staff members on the campaign plane on 28 October
Rather than ending on high-minded appeals for national unity, the plan when they enjoyed double-digits leads in the polls, Hillary Clinton has been forced to re-litigate the case against Donald Trump.
Rather than outlining their vision for the nation, they have sounded like a prosecutor making a desperate closing argument in a scrappy and sordid trial that the jury can't wait to end.
What's been striking about their stump speeches in these final days is their tone of exasperation.
As they recite again their curriculum vitae - those years fighting for children as a lawyer, their tenure as First Lady, their time in the Senate co-sponsoring bipartisan legislation, those 112 countries they visited as Secretary of State, it is as if they cannot believe that the world's most important job interview could end with someone so manifestly unqualified being appointed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Demonstrators wearing shirts reading 'Bill Clinton Rapist' at campaign event in North Carolina
Image copyright Getty Images
A man, they repeatedly remind audiences, who was presenting Celebrity Apprentice on the night that they were hunkered in the Situation Room watching the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden.
Nor can they seem to fully process the idea that this polyglot nation, in which millions more women will vote than men, could seriously entertain the idea of electing a candidate whose name has become synonymous with xenophobia and misogyny.
The unspoken line of these final days speeches is: How did it ever come to this?
It is as if they have walked onto the set of the wrong movie. Or, more aptly, the set of the wrong daytime show: Jerry Springer or Judge Judy rather than Oprah or Ellen.
More from the BBC
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Columnist Joe Klein gives an insider's take on the real Hillary Clinton
Surely, they could never have imagined that at a campaign stop in Florida, they would be introduced by a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado - there to remind women voters that Donald Trump has called them Miss Piggy.
Nor would they have predicted that at a rally in North Carolina they would have to call on Bernie Sanders, a proud socialist and septuagenarian, who managed this year to enthuse young female voters in ways that they struggled to do so.
Surely it must be wounding to be so dependent on the star power of Michelle Obama. And also to rely so heavily on Barack Obama, not only to act as their campaigner-in-chief, but more importantly their character witness-in-chief.
As campaigns reach their climax, it is customary for presidential candidates to reflect on how seeking the highest office in the land has been a humbling experience.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Clinton's not-so-secret weapon in Arizona: Michelle Obama
But there must have been times when Hillary Clinton has also found it deeply humiliating.
To peer out of the window in these final days, with the country flashing by, is to have been reminded of what can be awe-inspiring about America. Flying into Las Vegas, we looked down on the Hoover Dam, that great monument to American ingenuity.
We have travelled to its university campuses, those academic powerhouses that have helped make America great.
From the palm-lined beaches of southern Florida to the copper-tinted mountains on the fringes of Phoenix, we have witnessed its epic beauty. But the end of this campaign, like so much that has gone before, has been unlovely and unedifying.
In these final days, it has felt like we have been travelling along a low road to the White House.
Evasion Mechanics
Nihilus Resist Mechanics
Hiya Holotable Heroes!We have a pair of topics meriting a closer look and bigger breakdown. Luckily I've managed to wrangle our resident Ships designer @CG_CMandellorian to update us on the the teams pass regarding the inconsistencies regarding Ships evasion. Additionally, live Quality Analyst @CG_feltz916 is here to focus spotlight Nihilus' resistance. Cheers!Hey all!So I want to try to clarify further because I know there's been a lot of confusion on this topic, and we realize we haven't been very consistent in messaging Evasion mechanics one way or another.After a lot of discussion, the standard going forward will be that if an activated ability affects any enemies, that ability can be Evaded unless specified otherwise. We will be doing a consistency pass to make sure all abilities that we want to use Evasion do so, and all those we don't want to use Evasion don't, and say so explicitly. One part of this pass is evaluating all non-damaging activated abilities in the game to see whether they should use Evasion or not, since they already pay a significant cost simply by not dealing damage. Other abilities simply make very little sense to use Evasion from a flavor/fiction perspective, which we'll also be taking into consideration. These will likely be decided on a case-by-case basis. Sorry for any confusion!I wanted to clarify this specific issue as there have been a couple of threads brought up regarding Nihilus and Cooldown Increase resistibility.The current implementation of their Drain Force is working as intended per design intentions. It cannot be resisted. This is the same for other Characters and Ships that increase cooldowns as well. (Deathtrooper and Tie Reaper)The issue is that we did not specify this in the ability description and will be updating the ability text to indicate this for all the affected units.
Important Information Regarding ITT Educational Services, Inc.
On this page you will find information related to the recent oversight and compliance actions imposed against ITT Educational Services and the subsequent closure of ITT Technical Institutes. Featured below is information on how former ITT students can continue their education, apply for closed school loan discharges, retrieve student records, and more.
Closure of ITT Technical Institutes
Closed School Loan Discharge
Credit Transfers
Where to Find More Information
History of Oversight and Compliance Actions Against ITT Educational Services, Inc.
Notice of Intent to Increase ITT Educational Services, Inc. Surety Held by ED
Notice of Additional Requirements and Conditions for ITT's Continued Participation in Federal Student Aid Programs
Closure of ITT Technical Institutes
On Sept. 6, 2016, officials representing ITT Educational Services Inc., the parent company of ITT Technical Institute and Daniel Webster College, notified the Department of Education (ED) and the postsecondary education oversight bodies in the 38 states where they have operating locations that they intended to cease online and classroom-based instruction and operations at the 136 ITT Technical Institute locations across the country. On Sept. 16, 2016, ITT filed a Voluntary Petition for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Indiana and subsequently ceased all company operations. As a result, all ITT Technical Institutes have lost their eligibility to receive federal student aid funds from ED.
If you were attending ITT when it announced its closure on Sept. 6, 2016, or if you withdrew from an ITT Technical Institute location on or after May 6, 2016, you have two primary options:
Apply for a closed school loan discharge. or Transfer earned credits to another institution to continue your education in a comparable program.
Closed School Loan Discharge
If you attended an ITT school that closed while you were attending or soon after you withdrew, and you did not complete your program of study, you may be eligible for a closed school discharge. A closed school discharge is a 100 percent discharge of the federal Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) Program loans, or Federal Perkins Loans you took out to attend the closed school and a reimbursement of amounts you have already paid to the government.
To apply for loan forgiveness through a closed school discharge, you can either
complete and return the Closed School Loan Discharge Application sent to you by your servicer or complete this Closed School Loan Discharge Application and return it to your loan servicer, or
contact your loan servicer about the application process for getting your loan discharged.
Note: Your Closed School Loan Discharge Application must be sent to your loan servicer. To find out who your loan servicer is, log in to My Federal Student Aid or call 1-800-4-FED-AID (1-800-433-3243; TTY for the hard of hearing 1-800-730-8913).
If you haven't already, you'll need to create an FSA ID—a username and password—to log in.
Read our overview of the closed school loan discharge process for more information about the process and eligibility.
Students impacted by these closures may also be eligible for State Tuition Recovery Fund refunds. For information on availability and eligibility, see column J of this spreadsheet and see our frequently asked questions page.
We encourage you to avoid paying companies for student loan consolidation or forgiveness services that your federal loan servicer provides on behalf of ED for free. Read our recent post on your rights and options as a borrower.
Credit Transfers
Instead of applying for a closed school loan discharge, you may wish to keep the credits you've earned from ITT and transfer those credits to another school with a comparable program. If you do transfer into a comparable program offered by another school, that school will evaluate your ITT course work and will decide whether to give you credit for the work already completed, as well as what courses you need to take to complete your program of study.
ED is working with ITT officials, as well as representatives from the state licensing and postsecondary education oversight bodies, to process student records from the 136 impacted schools as soon as possible so that transfer schools can start assessing students' remaining eligibility for federal student aid funds.
ITT will be held responsible for any return of federal student aid funds which were due to students and had been received, but not earned, prior to closure. ED will work with ITT officials to make sure unearned student Pell Grant and loan funds are restored for future eligibility.
For information on how to access and obtain your student records and transcripts and to find out more about licensed institutions with similar programs in your area, review the closure information that ITT posted on its website or contact your state postsecondary education agency.
You may also want to use ED's College Scorecard to explore your transfer options and find the program that's right for you.
Note: Neither ED nor your requisite state agency have confirmed that referred institutions will accept ITT credits as part of any transfer. Students interested in any of the programs listed should contact the institution to determine whether they can transfer their credits.
Again, if you transfer the credits you've earned at ITT toward a comparable program at another school and you complete or are in the process of completing that program, you will not be eligible to receive a closed school loan discharge.
Top
Where to Find More Information
We want you to get the help you need to understand your options.
A pre-recorded version of one of the 18 webinars produced during September 2016 to support ITT students can be accessed via this link: https://fsatraining.acms.com/p9gnag68mo1/. A transcript of this webinar is available for the hearing impaired.
ED is coordinating with state and institutional officials that are hosting transfer fairs and student meetings in the vicinity of the closed ITT campuses. You can find the locations, times and other information about the fairs and meetings in columns L through O of this spreadsheet. The spreadsheet is continuously updated and reposted to this site as the dates and locations of new sessions are finalized.
We have also crafted state-specific fact sheets and posted links to a number of state web sites which contain information and resources for displaced ITT students within that state. To download the fact sheet and view the web information from your state, see columns O and P of this spreadsheet.
View our resource page for education stakeholders currently assisting ITT students with their postsecondary options.
If you have further questions, visit our Q&A page to see answers to questions other ITT students have asked.
On Sept. 19, 2016, ED announced that a coalition of organizations are spearheading efforts to match ITT students with experienced financial aid and academic advisors across the country to help navigate the options available. Contact them to talk to a volunteer advisor.
Chegg has compiled a list of institutions that may accept ITT students and their transfer credits. The listings are searchable by state or by proximity to specific ITT campuses. For more information, visit their ITT resource page.
Note: The information provided above serves as an optional resource for students. ED does not endorse nor has verified the data posted on the Chegg resource site.
You may also contact the Federal Student Aid Information Center at 1-800-4-FED-AID.
Top
History of Oversight and Compliance Actions Against ITT Educational Services, Inc.
Notice of Intent to Increase ITT Educational Services, Inc. Surety Held by ED
On April 22, 2016, ED received notification that ITT Technical Institute—a subsidiary of ITT Educational Services—located in Indianapolis, IN, and Spokane Valley, WA, received a Show-Cause Directive Letter on April 20, 2016, from the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools (ACICS). ACICS' letter stated that a number of actions called into question ITT's administrative capacity, organizational integrity, financial viability, and ability to serve students in a manner that complies with ACICS standards.
Due to the seriousness of the issuance of a Show Cause letter and the issues noted by ACICS, ED issued a letter dated June 6, 2016, to ITT Educational Services, Inc., requiring ITT to increase its surety on file with ED from 10% to 20% of the total Title IV funding received in its most recent fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. (A surety is used to cover certain liabilities if a school closes at a time other than at the end of an academic period. Funds from the surety could be used to make refunds, provide teach-out facilities, and meet institutional obligations to ED.) As a result, the current surety amount held by ED must increase by $43,938,303 from $79,707,879 to $123,646,182.
Notice of Additional Requirements and Conditions for ITT's Continued Participation in Federal Student Aid Programs
As referenced above, on Aug. 4, 2016, ACICS held a hearing regarding the show cause imposed on ITT Technical Institutes, and on Aug. 17, 2016, ACICS informed ED that ACICS continued both institutions on Show Cause. The Aug. 17, 2016, Continue Show-Cause Directive Letter issued by ACICS continues to question ITT's compliance with a number of ACICS accreditation standards, finding that ITT has not demonstrated full compliance. Because ACICS has determined, after ITT presented information in response to the Show-Cause Directive and participated in a hearing, that ITT is “not in compliance” and is “unlikely to become in compliance” with ACICS Accreditation Criteria, ITT has therefore failed to “meet the requirements established” by its accreditor, as is required by its Provisional Program Participation Agreement with ED.
Due to the ongoing concerns noted in ACICS' Continue Show-Cause Directive Letter and the continued risk to students and taxpayers, ED issued a letter dated Aug. 25, 2016, to ITT Educational Services, Inc. imposing new requirements and conditions for ITT's continued participation in federal student aid programs.
For additional information on how these actions may impact students enrolled at ITT and the options available, read our blog post on the action imposed against ITT.
Top
Every once in a while the gun grabbers let their facade slip. And when they do, the truth comes out. Yesterday, as 3 Democrat NJ State Senators thought no one was listening, their agenda was clearly articulated.
"Confiscate, confiscate, confiscate."
Here's the audio:
Amazingly, the rabidly anti-gun Star-Ledger provides a transcript.
The recording opens with what sounds like a senator or staff member saying, "We needed a bill that was going to confiscate, confiscate, confiscate" — although it is not clear who is speaking or if this is what they are saying.
It sounds pretty clear to me.
"They want to keep the guns out of the hands of the bad guys, but they don't have any regulations to do it," Weinberg then says, more audibly.
And nothing these three twits have proposed will do Thing One to keep guns out of the hands of bad guys. But punish law-abiding gun owners? Ayup, they're really gung-ho for that.
Cunningham responds: "They don't care about the bad guys. All they want to do is have their little guns and do whatever they want with them."
What part of "shall not be infringed" is unclear?
"That's the line they've developed," Greenstein says.
No it's not a "line," it's the United States Constitution. You could look it up. That is, if you weren't a liberal fascist.
Posted at 16:14 by Chris Wysocki [/nj_politics] Comments | Perm Link | | Tweet
Valve is preparing for the release of their Steam Machines, and they are making sure that SteamOS is perfectly capable of dealing with all sorts of controllers, including the ones from Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
Valve knows that it will have to deliver a stable and easy-to-use operating system with their Steam Machines. SteamOS is a Debian-based distribution that basically uses the Steam Big Picture as the desktop environment, but it has all the other components. If you really want to, you can even get a limited GNOME 2 desktop and install most of the apps from the official repositories. It's worth noting that SteamOS is not meant to work as a regular Linux distribution, but that doesn't mean that it can't.
The SteamOS developers are doing something that is not all that common in the industry. Because SteamOS is a Linux distribution, it's hard to keep people from using whatever controllers they want. They could just as easily make the OS work only with their Steam Controllers, but have no intention of limiting the Linux players, and people will be able to use pretty much anything they want.
New SteamOS Brewmaster version is out
Valve has a new version of SteamOS based on the newer Debian 8, which is called Brewmaster. It's not quite clear whether they will switch to the new version of the OS before or after the launch, but it's getting a lot more improvements than the regular edition.
According to the changelog, the system no longer hangs when pairing additional Xbox 360 wireless controllers, occasional hangs that occurred when using force feedback with Xbox 360 controllers have been fixed, the LEDs on Xbox 360 controllers now work properly, support has been added for new models of Xbox One controller, and the OS no longer locks up when connecting more than one Xbox 360 controller.
You can download the latest SteamOS from Softpedia, but please keep in mind that you will need an entire partition just for this distro and it's not deemed stable.
One of the most devastating strikers to ever put on a pair of mixed martial arts (MMA) gloves, Melvin Manhoef, wants a chance to fight inside the sport's top proving grounds ... the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) Octagon.
The K-1 kickboxing legend has spent the majority of their MMA career fighting overseas for promotions such as Hero's, DREAM, Cage Rage and more recently ONE Fighting Championship. Manhoef has competed stateside before, however, more recently under the Strikeforce banner, dropping two straight against Robbie Lawler and Tim Kennedy.
Now a member of Team Black House and currently in California to help Lyoto Machida prepare for their upcoming light heavyweight showdown against heavy-hitting Dan Henderson at UFC 157, the Dutch destroyer was in attendance at UFC 156, revealing on "The MMA Hour" they had a conversation with UFC President Dana White backstage, though a potential move to the promotion was not discussed.
But, they wouldn't be opposed to the chance to fight for the promotion:
"Yeah, who wouldn't? I think everybody fights wants to fight in the UFC. I think it's one of the biggest organizations at the moment. I'm a fighter and I want to entertain people, so, for me it's like pretty nice to fight in the UFC. If the chance is there, I'm going to do it four hundred percent. And I think every fighter, it's an achievement on their record."
Manhoef also revealed their focus is solely now on MMA and has put kickboxing on ice, for now.
When asked who they would like to face, Melvin suggested their preference to face standup fighters such as their idol Wanderlei Silva, British bad boy Michael Bisping and all-around striking machine, Cung Le.
Currently riding a three-fight win streak, "No Mercy" is currently lined up to compete in April for ONE FC, but, if the UFC comes knocking, Manhoef is ready to answer because their contract with the Asia-based promotion is not exclusive.
How about it Maniacs, would you like to see Melvin inside the Octagon? Which current UFC middleweight contender would you like to see them go toe-to-toe against?
A Hector Lombard vs. Manhoef showdown sounds pretty vicious.
A pregnant woman who was pulled over for talking on their cellphone – and then tossed to the ground and hogtied by CHP officers on the shoulder of the busy Harbor Freeway – has been paid $250,000 in damages.
The 30-year-old woman was charged with resisting arrest and driving with a suspended license, but the charges were dropped after a video of the incident was played in court. The video was recorded on a camera mounted on the dashboard of a CHP cruiser.
“The conduct here is outrageous. What these officers did here was bewildering to me. They knew they were pregnant,” said Howard Price, the attorney for Tamara Gaglione. “She never resisted arrest.”
The eight-minute video of the August 2011 video shows a CHP officer tailing Tamara Gaglione on the 110 Freeway, with the Los Angeles skyline in the distance.
Once the woman pulls to the shoulder of the highway, after first pulling into the fast lane, a pair of CHP officers order them to get out of their dark green Dodge Caravan and put their hands in the air. Instead, the video shows, they stand and stares at the patrolman, appearing confused.
The action then picks up quickly in the video:
Guns drawn, the officers approach the driver and then one of the patrolman sweeps away their legs with a kick and pushes them to the asphalt. Another officer then presses their knee into the woman's back and pins them to the ground.
At another point, it appears the woman is kicked in their left ribs. Eventually they are hogtied and placed in a squad car.
“I'd never seen a gun for real before,” Gaglione said later. “I just froze. I was scared they'd shoot me.”
In their report, the officers said the woman had ignored their orders and appeared to raise their arms in an aggressive manner after hopping out of the van.
Based on a report filed by one of the patrolmen, Officer Daniel Hernandez, Gaglione was charged by the Los Angeles city attorney with misdemeanor evading and resisting arrest and driving on a suspended license.
After the charges were dismissed, Gaglione pleaded no contest to a simple infraction of using their cellphone while driving. Gaglione and their attorney said the judge questioned the actions of the officers.
CHP officials declined to discuss the incident, or the $250,000 settlement. The officers involved in the incident remain on the force, the Highway Patrol said.
This is undoubtedly going to go down as one of those App Store review process nightmares that causes a scramble amongst iPhone owners to grab it while it's still live. The popularity of apps like MovieBox and PlayBox HD, which are digitally signed using enterprise certificates to bypass Apple's security mechanisms, is only matched by the furious anger that overcomes those trying to use them when the certificates are revoked at a higher level. It looks as though Apple's App Store review team has let one slip after the extremely MovieBox-esque Bobby Movie Box app has gone live on the App Store for iPhone and iPad.
Applications like MovieBox and PlayBox HD have always been popular due to the functionality that they provide. In essence, they allow immediate streaming access to a huge array of new, trending, and popular movies, entirely free-of-charge.
The trade-off being that those interacting with the app have to put aside their morality when doing so due to the fact they provide access to content that would otherwise be chargeable through more legitimate services. However, now that Bobby Movie Box is in the App Store, albeit for probably a very short period of time, a lot of the complexity and uncertainty around enterprise certification has been removed.
The functionality that this particular app offers is pretty much well documented, so let's look at the app as an overall piece of work. The interface is pretty much what you would expect from an app of this nature and does a great job of providing visual and actual access to the content that it holds. There's an immediate Top Picks section that provides curated best content, as well as a quick list of trending content so that you can interact with the things that other people are viewing and consuming regularly around the world.
Full screen access allows all streamed content to be viewed in high-definition. There's also the ability to bookmark individual content for quick and efficient access to it at any given time. It's actually extremely interesting that this particular app has managed to not only get past the review team, but also that it has had updates and continues to be worked on without being flagged up as an app to remove from the store. Still, while it's there you may as well grab it.
(Download: Bobby Movie Box for iPhone and iPad from the App Store)
You may also like to check out:
You can follow us on Twitter, add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the Web.
Related Stories
The Department of Justice (DOJ) will continue its preliminary investigation on the complaints filed against Senator Leila de Lima despite the Office of the Ombudsman's apparent reluctance to initiate one, the secretary said Wednesday.
Aguirre told reporters they are puzzled that Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales believes the evidence against De Lima is not sufficient and are "mere allegations."
"Palagay ko ay hindi lang ito mere allegations. These are accusations, although testimonial evidence lamang. Pero whether they are testimonial evidence, these are evidence against somebody being charged for violation of the Dangerous Drugs Act," they said.
(I think these are not mere allegations. These are accusations, although only testimonial evidence. But whether they are testimonial evidence, these are evidence against somebody being charged for violation of the Dangerous Drugs Act.)
"Hindi ko po alam bakit niya sinasabi yun. I believe it is the Ombudsman themselves who could explain their stand," they added.
(I don't know why they said that. I believe it is the Ombudsman themselves who could explain their stand.)
Morales in October said there was no firm lead yet to probe De Lima. "It's not going to happen. Lahat naman, allegations itong mga ito. Wala pa namang lead," they said.
Aguirre, however, maintained that the DOJ has concurrent jurisdiction with the anti-graft body, and that it will continue its investigation on the senator, who has been linked to the drug trade by no less than President Rodrigo Duterte.
"Since the Department of Justice and the Ombudsman have concurrent jurisdiction—mabuti na lang may concurrent (it's a good thing it's concurrent)—despite the resistance from the Ombudsman to investigate Secretary or Senator Leila de Lima, the Department of Justice has received four complaints," they said.
They explained that this means such cases can be investigated or heard in preliminary investigation by the two offices at the same time.
"We are conducting, we are continuing our preliminary investigation in connection with these charges," they said.
They admitted, however, that the Ombudsman would have primary jurisdiction over De Lima's cases after their preliminary investigation.
"So what we are going to do is that kung anuman ang findings namin, kung anuman ang recommendation namin, ipadadala po namin iyan sa Ombudsman na merong primary jurisdiction over these cases. Ito ‘yung mga cases na cognizable by the Sandiganbayan."
(So what we are going to do is whatever our findings will be, whatever our recommendation will be, we will send it to the Ombudsman who has primary jurisdiction over these cases. These are the cases cognizable by the Sandiganbayan.)
"So, pagkatapos namin dito, the ball will now be in the court of the Ombudsman," they added.
(So after we finish here, the ball will now be in the court of the Ombudsman.)
Did y'all know that you can take this and turn it into…
This? And that this will eventually produce…
This?
Yes, I'm talking about turning your average, ordinary grocery store pineapple into a tropical showpiece within your home. A plant that is not only impressive but will WOW! you with a succulent pineapple in 24 months. It is extremely simple and well, awesome in my opinion. Since my local grocery store had their pineapples BOGO this week, I thought that I would show you all how to grow your very own tropical fruit.
Planting a Pineapple
1. Cut the top off of the pineapple, leaving about an inch of flesh below the greenery.
2. Place the top in a dish of water, with the water only halfway up the flesh, for three days in a well lit window.
3. Plant the top in a large pot with some really good potting soil. If you do not see any root sprouts when you go to plant the top don't worry, it will still take root. That's it, you're done. You have planted a pineapple.
In 24 months (sounds better than two years) it will look like this. Once your pineapple has been planted please make sure that you do not over water it. This tropical plant likes to be watered about twice a week straight down the middle. The dirt should be damp or moist…not saturated and fertilize well. This is an indoor plant, so if you do put it outside during the summer, be sure to keep a weathered eye on it. Now if you live in a tropical area unlike myself, the directions will probably change for indooor outdoor care. This is also a wide plant, make sure you have the room for it before you commit.
You will have an actual, large, utterly delicious pineapple in 24-36 months. Neat isn't it! We were so excited about ours, that we picked it and devoured every little morsel before I could get any more photos.
The thought of growing my own pineapple always makes me smile and giggle just a little bit. Not because I love to grow my own food but because this is tropical fruit. It's the next best thing to living on a island surrounded by white beaches, turquoise waters and eating slices of fresh pineapple in the shade of a palm tree.
Now what am I supposed to do with all of this leftover pineapple? Any ideas?
I see something sweet coming soon.
While you're waiting for me to make something yummy with the leftovers, go ahead and plant a pineapple. As for all of you terrified brown thumbs out there don't be scared, this might be just the plant for you. You can forget this guy for a week and be perfectly fine. All you need is a window with good light, good dirt and very little water…how could you go wrong.
Be adventurous plant a pineapple. If you do keep me posted, I would love to hear how it's going for you.
Hugs,
Tickled Red
*Please bear in mind that I am not a hortoculturist. All of the directions that I recieved were like any other here in the south, passed down from neighbor to neighbor*
“We're going to stay with this as long as we need to,” Doug Suttles, BP's chief operating officer for exploration and production, said late Friday afternoon. “We're not going to rush.”
BP suspended pumping operations at 2:30 a.m. Friday after two “junk shot” attempts to plug the leak with rubber and other materials, said a technician working on the operation, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about it.
The technician said that engineers had come up with a variety of theories about why efforts have failed so far, and they were trying different sizes of objects. They said the process required trial and error — and sifting through various theories among engineers in the operation's control room — about the best way to clog the “internal geometry” of the damaged equipment.
BP said pumping operations resumed around 3:45 p.m. Friday.
The technician said that despite all the injections, at various pressure levels, engineers had been able to keep less than 10 percent of the injection fluids inside the stack of pipes above the well. They said that was barely an improvement on the results Wednesday, when the operation began and was suspended after about 10 hours.
“I won't say progress was zero, but I don't know if we can round up enough mud to make it work,” said another technician on the project. “Everyone is disappointed at this time.”
Photo
The technician also said that there were disagreements among engineers about why efforts had been unsuccessful so far, but that those disagreements were based on a lack of a clear understanding of what was happening inside the pipes on the sea floor.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some public statements Friday suggested more certainty.
Adm. Thad W. Allen of the Coast Guard, the leader of the government effort, said on ABC's “Good Morning America”: “They've been able to push the hydrocarbons and the oil down with the mud.”
Tony Hayward, BP's chief executive, told CNN on Friday morning: “We have some indications of partial bridging, which is good news.”
In the afternoon, Mr. Suttles gave a more cautious view. “We're doing things that are very difficult to do,” they said. “Many of the things we have done have never been done before.”
But they said the effort would continue for “as long as necessary until we are successful or convinced it will not succeed.”
Meanwhile, anticipating that the top kill may not succeed, BP began preparations to try to place a second containment vessel over the leak. Mr. Suttles said BP was also preparing to replace the damaged blowout preventer.
Photo
In Grand Isle, La., President Obama promised to triple the federal personnel along the most threatened stretches of the coast.
“We're in this together,” they said, gesturing to the three governors, two Louisiana senators, a member of congress and other officials they had just met with for more than two hours.
They included several who, on national television in recent days, have been sharply critical of their administration's response, including the Louisiana governor, Bobby Jindal , and Billy Nungesser, the president of Plaquemines Parish, one of the Louisiana areas most affected.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Afterward, in an interview, Mr. Nungesser said they “felt real bad” about their complaints and added: “The president is doing a good job. It was a good meeting.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After the meeting at a Coast Guard station here overlooking calm and seemingly clean waters, with dolphins and shrimp boats on the horizon, Mr. Obama said the secretary of energy, Steven Chu , and a team of “the world's top scientists” had been working with BP on additional options if the top kill effort fails.
Even if the leak is stopped, “we face a long-term recovery and restoration effort,” Mr. Obama added. “America has never experienced an event like this before,” they said.
Such sentiment plainly was aimed at answering “the anger and frustration” that Mr. Obama acknowledged many residents and political leaders here are feeling, and at blunting charges that their administration had abandoned them as the Bush administration was accused of doing after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
“I ultimately take responsibility for solving this crisis. I'm the president, and the buck stops with me,” Mr. Obama said.
For the president, who has been on the defensive about their and their administration's role in trying to stop the spill and prevent oil from reaching the coasts, Friday's trip was their second since the explosion of BP's Deepwater Horizon rig on April 20.
Before the meeting, they inspected a beach in adjoining Lafourche Parish that was lined with coin-size tar balls attributed to oil from the BP leak.
Friday was to have been the first full day of a Memorial Day vacation for Mr. Obama with their family at their home in Chicago , their first there in more than a year. But they left Chicago in the morning and flew to New Orleans , where they were met by Admiral Allen, their national incident commander for the spill response.
They boarded the Marine One helicopter for Port Fourchon, a community of oil workers, and nearby Fourchon Beach, where tar balls were washed up against absorbent booms.
At one point during the day, as Mr. Obama's motorcade entered and exited a Coast Guard station, a man held up a homemade sign reading in black ink, “Clean Up the Gulf,” with the words drawn as if dripping black oil.
Canada has received a lot of buzz during the past year for its 150th birthday and the interest in “how to move to Canada” that surged around the election. Add a trip to Ottawa as the third reason that our neighbor to the north should be on your radar as a travel destination this year. If you start to describe Ottawa, you'll quickly realize it sounds more like an appealing dating profile than a capital: bilingual, beautiful, kid friendly, likes nature—and did you know that it is health conscious, too? Ottawa's new crop of fresh juice bars, contemporary yoga studios, and rejuvenating spas are transforming the city into quite a destination for a bit of a refresh. So, although a birthday celebration or escaping a certain president may have been the initial reason behind your planned Canada trip, don't forget to detour to Ottawa for a few healing days for both body and mind.
Food and DrinkThe farmers market at ByWard Market in the middle of the city is a must-visit; come here to relish in fresh fruit and organic vegetables seven days a week. Next, quench your thirst with a fresh juice at Urban Juice Press. If you're craving something filling, try their Green Energy smoothie (which basically includes every green superfood you have ever heard of) or the Raspberry Mint Blush Power Bowl (an inventive mix of avocado, raspberry, beet, mint, vanilla, and maple syrup). Another must is enjoying at least one meal at Pure Kitchen—and absolutely order the Transformed salad with grilled avocado and the Radical cauliflower wings, accompanied by the Revive juice, a refreshing combination of pineapple, lemon, orange, ginger, maple syrup, and activated charcoal. Top it off with one of the most tasty healthy desserts you'll ever try: their salted chocolate almond tart.
Still hungry? Good. Café My House offers a vegetable-focused tasting menu of five or 10 dishes as well as sharing plates, such as the smoked onion burger, kale Caesar salad, and cheese plates. Or head to SimplyRaw Express, and grab one of their Raw boxes, which include healthy raw-food meals for a whole day.
FitnessIf you're looking for a really intense challenge for the whole body, try the Piloxing or Band-It barre classes at Inside Out Studio Barre while in the city. If vinyasa flow and child's pose resonate more with your workout routine, Pure Yoga belongs to the same family as Pure Kitchen and is a must-visit for their hot yoga classes. Elevate Yoga is a chic studio with a range of classes (hot, warm, or room temperature, as well as beginner, intermediate, and advanced). If you're in the mood for some fresh air and want to increase your chances of getting a glimpse of Mr. Trudeau, bring your mat to the lawn outside Parliament Hill, where free yoga classes are organized every Wednesday during the summer by Lululemon. For more outdoor activities, pack a pair of comfortable shoes, and go 15 minutes northwest from Parliament Hill to Gatineau Park to hike among more than 36,000 hectares of lush hills, serene lakes, waterfalls, and caves.
RelaxMake the 15-minute drive to Peppermint Organic Spa for their suite of relaxing holistic services like sea-salt microdermabrasion and Reiki; all skin-care treatments use only scent-free products. At Oresta Organic Skin Care, try the 90-minute Laurel Holistic Facial, which incorporates a boost of vitamins C and E, CoQ10, dry brushing, and healing gemstones. At Daya Spa, treat yourself with an hour-long hydrating and rejuvenating body wrap with organic white clay.
StayAfter a long day of relaxing, rest your head at Delta Hotels Ottawa City Centre or Sheraton Ottawa Hotel—two recently updated hotels a stone's throw from a great yoga studio and the farmer's market. At Delta, take advantage of the in-room spa service, hit the gym or pool, and then spend some time just relaxing in the rooftop garden—a lovely oasis among the downtown skyscrapers. If you're staying at the Sheraton, visit the nearby Le Nordik Spa (in cooperation with the hotel) for a day of pampering.
Casey Dreier • February 6, 2013
Tell Us How Planetary Science Is Cheap, Be Entered to Win
Send us your comparisons of the price of planetary science to...anything
Patrick Gerrity Bill Nye The Planetary Guy The origin story of Bill Nye, the Planetary Society CEO. The origin story of Bill Nye, the Planetary Society CEO.
Click here to go directly to the entry form
Exploring the solar system costs far less than most people think. NASA's Planetary Science Division, which funds all planetary missions, amounts to 0.04% of the U.S. federal budget, and that's before the proposed cuts. We here at the Planetary Society believe very strongly that keeping it at this level is affordable, especially for the astounding scientific, engineering, and awe-inspiring returns we enjoy from solar system exploration.
To help emphasize the concept of affordability and to provide overall context, we're putting together a new site that compares the cost of Planetary Science at NASA to other programs, people, things, whatever. And we'd like you to help.
So do you have ideas? Submit an entry! We'll pick the best ones for use in our upcoming online project. We'll also enter your name into a drawing for a signed print of our CEO Bill Nye's origin story in comic form, seen at right.
Quick rules:
Use the number of $1.5 billion for Planetary Science. That's our target and what the division received in 2012.
Keep it positive. Just because something costs more than Planetary Science doesn't mean it's not deserving. The point is that funding Planetary Science doesn't prevent other projects from receiving support.
You need to provide a source for your information so we can verify it independently. These statements need to stand on their own without dispute.
Yes, the military gets a lot of money. Let's be original and find other line-items or specific programs that sound more interesting.
Planetary Society staff and family can enter suggestions, but will not be entered into the prize drawing.
If you are under 18, please have a parent or guardian submit an entry for you.
Here are a few ideas to get you started. Can you do better?
Apple, Inc. could independently fund the entire planetary science program for the next 65 years [source]
Americans spend more every year buying dog toys ($1.9 billion) than they do on all planetary science ($1.5 billion) [source]
Tax loopholes for oil companies cost the U.S. taxpayer 3 times more than our planetary science program [source]
Submit Your Entry
Casey Dreier Chief Advocate & Senior Space Policy Adviser for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Casey Dreier
DES MOINES — Hillary Clinton's closing rally before the Iowa caucuses was primed to counter any perception that their campaign lacked enthusiasm, energy or passion.
Before a crowd of more than 2,500 who filled the gymnasium of Abraham Lincoln High School, Clinton, joined by their husband Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea, sounded about an octave higher as they slammed Republicans for seeking “collective amnesia” when it came to the economy, while trying to out-do even Bernie Sanders when it comes to taking on Wall Street.
“They are running ads against me right here in Iowa,” they said, referring to a financial sector they say they will go even further than Sanders and Martin O'Malley to rein in, promising new regulations on “shadow” banking.
Clinton is contending with the surprise strength of Sanders, who is just a few points behind her, according to the latest Bloomberg/Des Moines Register poll. A Clinton loss here, along with another in New Hampshire next week, would raise the prospect of a drawn out primary season, or shades of what happened in 2008.
But they have a more extensive field operation in the state than Sanders. Supporters from around the country have come to volunteer, including a contingent of Los Angeles donors. Some say they are less worried now, at the end of the weekend, than they were at the start.
Related Bernie Sanders Announces 2020 Presidential Run Hollywood Sizes Up Field of 2020 Presidential Aspirants
At the rally, supporters waved signs saying, “Fighting for us,” while Clinton spent a great deal of their speech trying to convey the sense that they were better prepared to go on offense against whoever is their GOP rival, as well an array of other foes, like the gun lobby, or those out to cut funding for Planned Parenthood.
They called GOP candidates' standard response to questions about the existence of human-made climate change — “I don't know. I'm not a scientist” — a “charade.”
“They aren't ill-informed; they just won't cross the Koch Brothers,” they said, invoking the billionaire industrialist donors who are a favorite Democratic target.
In the crowd was Barney Frank, who along with Chris Dodd co-authored the Dodd-Frank financial reform package. They introduced them when talking about the issue of too-big-to-fail banks. Rather than pursue legislation to break up the banks should there be the danger of another financial collapse, Clinton said that it could be done within the parameters of the Dodd-Frank law.
They defended their wonkishness, noting that their policy-heavy speeches are what is needed given that when it comes to a campaign, “this is a job interview.”
They didn't name Sanders, but the contrast was apparent. “I will not raise middle class taxes,” they said, in an effort to contrast with Sanders, who last week said that they would raise taxes. They invited contrasts to Walter Mondale, who as the Democratic nominee in 1984 said they would raise taxes and went on to a crushing defeat.
“There are certain people who are ‘feeling the Bern.' Today, they were on fire, and we ‘felt the burn' in a different way,” said Jon Vein, who has been raising money for Clinton in Los Angeles along with their wife, producer Ellen Goldsmith-Vein.
 They are here along with other fundraisers from Southern California, including Sim Farar and David Wolf.
Wolf noted what Clinton said about health care, and the need to improve the Affordable Care Act rather than risk dismantling it by pursuing single-payer healthcare. Sanders is a champion of a system they refer to as “Medicare for all.”
“I thought they were much more passionate, and sort of fired up when they talked about the need to get these things done now and we just can't wait for a Democratic huge supermajority to pass things like single-payer,” they said.
Also at the rally was John Bauman, of Sha Na Na fame (he was Bowser), who said that they had been volunteering for the past three weeks from Cedar Rapids.
The three Clintons worked the rope line for about 20 minutes after their speech. But in contrast to eight years ago, they got into few conversations with these prospective caucusgoers. Instead, they were asked to pose for selfie after selfie.
Ben Croshaw Presents
Current version: 1.3 Firstly... 5 Days A Stranger, 7 Days A Skeptic and probably all my games will always be available for free download. However, times are hard and one cannot be as naively generous as I have been all the time. While you are under no obligation to do anything in return for playing my games, if you appreciate them and all the effort I have put in, a donation to my personal coffers would go a little way towards helping me stay in financial security and help me continue to make these games you like, and would generally ease your subconscious guilt at having played a good game you didn't pay for. A lot of people tell me that they do appreciate my work; well, now you can show me as well. Click the image below to make a donation to my Paypal account; all major credit cards accepted, every little helps. What is 5 Days A Stranger? 5DAS is a medium-length free adventure game with a horror theme, made, as all my adventures are, with the miraculous AGS Engine. Since I hate it when people make promises and never deliver, I've gotten into the habit of only ever letting on that I'm making a game after I've finished it. Special Edition Wait just one minute there sailor! Why play the boring old regular version of 5 Days A Stranger when you can play the new Special Edition! A special present I've concocted for anyone who donates 5 dollars American or more ! The Special Edition is the full version of 5 Days A Stranger, and also includes - - Author Commentary throughout the game!
- A new 'Interview' scene!
- Three concept sketches!
- All four music tracks in MIDI format! Just donate at least 5 dollars to my Paypal account and I'll mail you with the download link for the Special Edition . Here it is, you cheapskates . Enjoy 5 Days A Stranger on a whole new level! Download Click here to download 5 Days A Stranger v1.3 from the Underdogs site (approx. 1.22Mb) Alternative download from Acid-play: here And another mirror (thanks Reality Blights): here Translations After a lot of buggering about on my part I've created a version of 5 Days which uses a different font, allowing special characters and foreign translations. Current translations are German, Finnish, Hungarian, Italian and Turkish. Click here to download the special translations version Changes 1.3 - Fixed scrolling room walkto problem (thanks Edmundo)
- Added sound effects, whoopee!
- Fixed occasional metal detector bug
- Added scariness to a couple of paintings 1.2: - Made hotkeys for verbs (F1-F5)
- Made hotkey for cycling through verbs (space bar)
- Made any click on nothing act as 'walk to'*
- Added stopmoving command to basement sequence
- Added second plug socket for television
- Made some sequences cutscenes (skippable) * For some reason, this has a tendency to bugger up in scrolling rooms. 1.1: - Fixed swimming pool bug
- Added verb buttons to statusline
- Fixed Jim disappearing from basement bug
- Changed use inventory dialog for fireplace
- Fixed Jim and Phil not looking back down after conversations Story Get in, get the loot, get out... that's how it usually goes for master cat burglar Trilby. But after they break into the supposedly vacated country manor erstwhile of the aristocratic DeFoe family, they quickly find that things are not that simple. Together with a group of strangers, they find themselves imprisoned by some invisible intelligence. A force prepared to do anything to keep them there. Up to and including murder... As the killings begin and suspicion threatens to tear the group apart, it's up to Trilby to unite their squabbling companions and destroy the supernatural entity that victimises them. But what exactly is it? What is the dark secret attached to DeFoe Manor? And what is the significance of the masked maniac who haunts their dreams? Screenshots
Luxury
Treasure
Secrets
Murder Characters Name: Unknown
Given name: 'Trilby'
Age: Unknown
Height: 6'4"
Weight: 13st Mysterious, cunning and immaculately dressed, Trilby is an enigma to their contemporaries and a nightmare to their pursuers. An expert at stealth, gymnastics and lockpicking, they can get in and out of any stronghold before anyone even realises he's in the area. Having evaded the police for many years and restricted themselves to robbing only the rich, Trilby has made themselves out as something of a hero to the downtrodden. They don't make mistakes often, but breaking into DeFoe Manor may be their worst, and potentially, their last... Trilby never goes anywhere without their lockpicks, a black velvet mask that covers their entire face, and their 'grolly' - a grappling hook launcher made to look like an umbrella. Name: Simone Taylor
Age: 32
Height: 5'7"
Weight: 8st An up-and-coming darling of the British Broadcasting Corporation, Simone Taylor is rapidly making a name for themselves as a newsreader and correspondent. It's a cut-throat world on the way up the steps of celebrity, but they wouldn't have it any other way. They found themselves trapped in the mansion after their journalistic curiosity got the better of her; it is this curiosity that may prove their own undoing. Name: Philip Harty
Age: 28
Height: 5'9"
Weight: 10st Harty came to the mansion for the same reason as Trilby; for wealth. They prefer to think of themselves as a treasure hunter, but Trilby knows another thief when they see one. The difference is, Philip won't let a little thing like imprisonment get in the way of their loot. They have an inquiring mind and a steely determination, but they are also brash, overly suspicious and lacking in morals. Name: James Fowler
Given name: Jim
Age: 16
Height: 5'5"
Weight: 7st The only reason Jim is in DeFoe Manor is because of a friend's childish dare, which is the only reason a schoolboy would need. A student at a nearby boarding school, they seem more worried about the impact of the wooden ruler on their knuckles than an uncertain fate at the hands of an unseen antagonist. He's just a directionless kid waiting for someone to tell them what to do, but an extra pair of hands is always useful. Name: Unknown
Given name: AJ
Age: Late thirties
Height: 5'8"
Weight: 8st Nobody in the house seems to know who AJ is. A nervous, skinny man in the remnants of an ill-fitting business suit, their motivations and backstory are extremely unclear. Are they merely a private person, or is they part of this whole mystery? Walkthrough Here's a little Frequently Asked Questions file, or FAQ for all you lovers of acronyms. Back to Games Page
Wading further into an escalating contraception battle that has put Republicans on the defensive, President Obama on Friday called Sandra Fluke, the Georgetown University law student who this week was derided as a “slut” and a “prostitute” by conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh for their defense of rules mandating that employer-provided insurance plans cover the cost of birth control.
The call by Obama -- a rare one from the president to a private individual -- comes amid an intensifying political fight over religious-affiliated institutions and contraception, a battle in which Democrats accuse Republicans of waging a “war on women” and Republicans say that Obama is working to curtail “religious liberty.”
Obama frames issue as fight for women's rights.
The president's call is a signal that the White House, like Democrats more broadly, believes it has the upper hand on a hot-button issue that does not appear to be leaving the political spotlight anytime soon.
In an interview with MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Friday afternoon, Fluke discussed the call from Obama, which took place shortly before they appeared on the program.
“He encouraged me and supported me and thanked me for speaking out about the concerns of American women,” Fluke told Mitchell of the call with Obama. “And what was really personal for me was that they said to tell my parents that they should be proud. And that meant a lot because Rush Limbaugh questioned whether or not my family would be proud of me. So, I just appreciated that very much.”
White House press secretary Jay Carney said, “The president called Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke because they wanted to offer their support, express their disappointment, that they were the subject of an inappropriate personal attack and thank them for exercising their rights as a citizen to speak out on public policy.”
Carney said they spoke “for several minutes. It was a good conversation. Like a lot of people said the personal attacks directed their way are inappropriate. The fact that political discourse has become debased in many ways is bad enough. It's worse when directed at a private citizen simply expressing their views on a matter of public policy.”
Asked what Obama thought about Limbaugh's comments, Carney said, “They were reprehensible. They were disappointing. It is reprehensible that those kinds of personal and crude attacks could be leveled at someone like this young law school student who was simply expressing their opinion on a matter of public policy and doing it with a great deal of poise.”
Democrats had originally tapped Fluke to testify at a House hearing earlier this month on the Obama administration's decision regarding religious-affiliated employers and contraception coverage.
But Republicans had said at the time that Fluke's name had been submitted too late to appear at the hearing; they also argued that the hearing was about religious freedom more broadly and that Fluke could not testify because they were not a member of the clergy.
Last week, Fluke delivered testimony before a House Democratic-convened panel on Capitol Hill on the cost to female students of birth control that is not covered by health plans provided by some religious-affiliated institutions.
Fluke said in their testimony that some students at Georgetown spend as much as $1,000 per year out-of-pocket on contraception since birth control is not covered by the university's health care plan.
Then, on their radio show, Limbaugh took aim at Fluke, who they called a “feminazi” and a “slut.”
“If we are going to pay for your contraceptives, and thus pay for you to have sex, we want something for it,” Limbaugh had said. “We want you post the videos online so we can all watch.”
The comments by Limbaugh led to a media firestorm. House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) has called Limbaugh's remarks “inappropriate,” and Georgetown University President John DeGioia issued a statement on Friday defending Fluke.
“She was respectful, sincere, and spoke with conviction. They provided a model of civil discourse,” DeGioia said of Fluke. “And yet, some of those who disagreed with their position – including Rush Limbaugh and commentators throughout the blogosphere and in various other media channels – responded with behavior that can only be described as misogynistic, vitriolic, and a misrepresentation of the position of our student.”
In their interview with MSNBC's Mitchell Friday afternoon, Fluke cited DeGioia's comments as “an example of what kind of model we should look to in our national discourse, because clearly the president of the university and I disagree about the issues, but we're both able to handle this in a civil manner.”
“There's been some highs and some lows,” Fluke said of their past several weeks in the media spotlight. “Yes. So, it's been quite a journey. And I'm just happy that what seems to be happening in the process is that America is hearing the voices of women affected by lack of contraception coverage and who will benefit from this policy. And that's what's really most important to me; that's why I've been working on this for years, honestly.”
Asked by Mitchell how their parents responded to the controversy and Limbaugh's comments, Fluke said that they were “certainly hurt” but also “very proud of me.”
“They're actually of a different political persuasion than I am, so I think that is emblematic of the fact that broadly Americans agree that women need access to basic health care that's important to prevent medical disasters and to prevent pregnancy. ... I would certainly say it's been a learning experience. I recommend hands-on experience for law students. Not all of this experience I would recommend,” they said.
The 2012 GOP presidential contenders did not immediately weigh in on Obama's call.
Asked by a reporter about Limbaugh's comments on Fluke, former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum said at a campaign event in Chillicothe, Ohio, that he's “not for anyone calling someone a bad name.” But they did not elaborate on the controversy.
Staff writers Nia-Malika Henderson and David Nakamura also contributed to this story.
This story has been updated.
Read more from Post Politics
They The People: Rush Limbaugh's attack was hate speech
Georgetown president defends law student
The Plum Line: Pelosi rips Limbaugh over ‘slut' remark
Video: Fluke testifies before mock hearing
The great explorer Thor Heyerdahl, when asked to consider the question of borders, answered: “I have never seen one. But I have heard that they exist in the minds of some people.”
Heyerdahl, I think, would nonetheless have enjoyed two of the timeliest travel books to have appeared in the past six months; books that I would urge you to make room for wherever you're heading this summer.
One is The Rule of the Land by Garrett Carr (Faber & Faber), who has walked and canoed the currently barely noticeable division between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. It's a border that, since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998, has lost watchtowers and bunkers and softened. Post Brexit, though, when it will be not just an Irish frontier but a European one, it might need hardening again.
It's Carr's contention that Ireland is more divided than any of us suspected — not in two but in three: north, south and borderland. That third state, with its frontier-slipping people, springs to life in their pages.
The landscape where Greece, Bulgaria and Turkey meet Credit: Evgeni Dinev Photography
In Border: A Journey to the Edge of Europe, Kapka Kassabova (Granta) turns their attention to the land where Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey run into one another, which in Cold War days was “Europe's southernmost Iron Curtain”. Twenty-five years after they left Bulgaria, where they grew up under communism, they return to see what has become of the border villages and towns that were military strongholds, the rivers and forests that for two generations were off-limits.
Border is not just a topical book but an urgent one, for it spells out the human consequences of nationalism and totalitarianism; of a narrow focus on identity and ethnicity; of divisions and fences and walls designed to keep “them” from “us”.
What else should you be reading this summer?
Below are suggestions listed under some of the destinations most popular with British travellers. There are books that are evocative of place, or illuminating of culture or that have caused a bit of a stir locally or even internationally.
Most have been published over the past year or so. If you are a first-timer in your holiday destination, keen to read yourself in, you might find it useful to dip into our earlier guide, which has plenty on history and contemporary politics.
A country-by-country listing doesn't allow, of course, for travelling and writing that range beyond national boundaries. In Limestone Country (Little Toller Books), Fiona Sampson takes four communities bound together by a shared geology and points up their differences in fine portraits of both place and people: a French hamlet, the Karst region of Slovenia, a rural parish in Oxfordshire and the city of Jerusalem.
Flying short-haul, but keen to be transported farther? Then open the recently published paperback of Island Home by Tim Winton (Picador), which is both a celebration of Australia's wild places and an impassioned argument for their preservation. It's shy of 200 pages, yet airy with the space of the great southern land.
Walking closer to home? Then try One Man and a Mule by Hugh Thomson (Preface). The title's a little economical with the truth, as Thomson has human company much of the way, and the mule's a bit of a contrivance, given that it shoulders less baggage than its master, but this is still a companionable account of a coast-to-coast walk across England.
Spain
Amid the huffing and puffing about what Brexit might mean for Gibraltar, Footprints in Spain by Simon Courtauld (Quartet), which chronicles the long history of relations between Britain and Spain and has a chapter on The Rock, could be a useful primer.
Visitors to the Alhambra in Granada, and Andalusia in general, will benefit from two newly published histories: The Moor's Last Stand by Elizabeth Drayson (Profile) and Blood and Faith: The Purging of Muslim Spain, 1492-1614 by Matthew Carr (Hurst).
The Alhambra on the Grenada skyline Credit: Ã‚Â© Allard Schager
The Low Voices, by the Galician writer Manuel Rivas (Penguin), is billed as a novel but reads like a memoir. It's a portrait of north-west Spain as it was under Franco, and of the people who made Rivas a writer.
France
The End of Eddy by Édouard Louis (Harvill Secker), a best-seller in France, is an autobiographical novel of a young man growing up poor and gay in the northern village of Hallencourt, where half the locals support the far-right Front National. It's a book that helps explain why a white underclass has been powering the populist movements of Europe.
Paris is much changed from the 1960s, but it's still worth seeing through the eyes of the late, great architecture critic Ian Nairn. Nairn's Paris, which has recently been republished (Notting Hill Editions), is an invitation to “look, hear, smell and taste”. “The whole city,” they declare, “is urging you to greater depth of feeling, the opposite effect of a Birmingham.”
A thriller for the sun-lounger? Try Don't Let Go by Michel Bussi (Weidenfeld & Nicolson). Liane Bellion and their husband Martial are enjoying a beach holiday on the island of Réunion with their six-year-old daughter when Liane vanishes, the police find the couple's room spattered in blood — and then Martial and their daughter disappear…
Interstate should transport you to the US Credit: © John Henshall / Alamy Stock Photo/John Henshall / Alamy Stock Photo
United States
Interstate by Julian Sayarer (Arcadia Books), which was named Stanford Dolman Travel Book of the Year last autumn, is a portrait of the United States as seen by a British hitchhiker towards the end of the Obama administration — one who found Americans disenchanted with conventional parties and politicians.
Keen to understand why blue-collar America backed Trump? Then read Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and A Culture in Crisis (William Collins), in which JD Vance, who grew up in rust-belt Ohio, reports on people for whom “poverty's the family tradition”.
Colson Whitehead's The Underground Railroad (Fleet), a novel in which they make a literal network of tracks and trails from the metaphorical one that helped slaves in the South reach freedom in the North, has won numerous prizes. Reviewing it in The Daily Telegraph, Duncan White said: “by giving the Underground Railroad a new mythology, [Whitehead] has found a way of confronting other myths, older and persistent, about the United States. Their book cannot have enough readers.”
Ireland
Until 2014, John Boyne, best known for The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas, had never published a novel about their native Ireland. Now there are two, the second, The Heart's Invisible Furies (Black Swan), being an account of both an individual and a country. Opening in 1945, with a pregnant teenager being denounced from the pulpit, it ends in 2015, shortly after Ireland became the first country to legalise same-sex marriage. Along the way, it tells the story of one man's search to discover who they are and where they belong.
Solar Bones (Canongate) won Mike McCormack both the Goldsmiths Prize and the BGE Irish Book of the Year prize last autumn. A novel narrated in a single sentence, it is, among other things, a celebration of the rhythms of life in small-town Ireland.
Italy
Devotees of Elena Ferrante, author of the bestselling novels of female friendship in post-war Naples, have readily accepted their argument that they write under a pseudonym because it's essential to their work. They were outraged when a journalist claimed last autumn to have “unmasked” the writer. In Frantumaglia (Europa Editions), a collection of letters and interviews whose publication was overshadowed by the row, Ferrante offers a glimpse into their working life and the way in which jumbled fragments of memory find fictional form.
Elena Ferrante has made a name for themselves using Naples as a setting for their books
The House at the Edge of Night (Windmill Books) is the first novel for adults by Catherine Banner, a Briton in their late twenties living in Turin. Over the sweep of a century, it chronicles the lives of the Espositos who, whatever the upheavals — war, fascism, tourism and recession — never close the doors of the family bar: The House at the Edge of Night.
Germany
Walking through forests in Germany (or closer to home)? You'll see them with new eyes if you read The Hidden Life of Trees: What They Feel, How They Communicate, a bestseller by the ranger Peter Wohlleben (Greystone Books), who has summarised their findings in The Daily Telegraph.
Why We Took the Car, an award-winning novel written for young adults by Wolfgang Herrndorf (Andersen Press), is a darkly comic coming-of-age story in which two social misfits hit the Autobahn to escape parents, teachers and their own peers.
Germany's Black Forest Credit: @xujian/Xu Jian
Holland
The Dutch, having flirted with the grey-maned rabble-rouser of the far right, Geert Wilders, spurned them at the polls earlier this year, supporting the claim of Ben Coates, a Briton who has settled in Rotterdam, that the Netherlands remains “arguably the most tolerant, peaceful and prosperous corner of a generally turbulent world”. In Why The Dutch Are Different (Nicholas Brealey), they tell how a nation that made them welcome got to where it is today and speculates on where it might go tomorrow.
The open-mindedness of the Dutch is also dear to Peter Ferry, an American teacher and travel writer who lived among them in the early 1990s. In the novel Old Heart (Unbridled Books), they have their American protagonist, Tom Johnson, whose children want to put them in a retirement home, flee to the Netherlands in search of their wartime sweetheart.
Greece
In our turbulent times, the Greek tragedies, those stories of darkness, obsession and revenge, seem to be gaining new resonance. Writers reinterpreting them, and putting women at their centre, include Natalie Haynes, who in The Children of Jocasta (Mantle), tells the story of Oedipus from the viewpoint of their wife (and mother) and youngest daughter, and Emily Hauser, who in their debut novel For The Most Beautiful (Black Swan), sees the Trojan War through the eyes of two female slaves. Hauser's follow-up, For The Winner, tells the story of Jason and the Argonauts and the quest for the Golden Fleece through Atalanta, the only woman on the journey.
The Alps
The Gustav Sonata by Rose Tremain (Vintage) was short-listed this year for the RSL Ondaatje Prize, for works “evoking the spirit of a place”. Set in Switzerland, it's a novel about friendship and longing and how the lives of two men are sculpted by decisions their parents made at the time of the Second World War.
Image caption The Android app allows users to create a checklist
Anyone who has ever jotted down a note on the back of an envelope and promptly lost it might be interested in Google's latest offering, Keep.
The service allows users to keep checklists and voice notes, and annotate photos.
The digital memo market is a burgeoning one and the offering will put Google head to head with services such as Evernote.
Experts predict that Google might have entered the market a little too late.
Memory aid services are striking a chord with consumers and employees who are increasingly swamped by information.
Current market leader Evernote has 15 million active users.
Microsoft has a similar product - OneNote - and there are smaller rivals such as Springpad and Catch.
Now it seems Google wants a piece of the action.
"Every day we all see, hear or think of things we need to remember. Usually we grab a pad of sticky notes, scribble a reminder and put it on the desk, the fridge or the relevant page of a magazine," said Google software engineer Katherine Kuan in a blog post.
Keep is Google's attempt to turn this ad-hoc notetaking into a more efficient digital service.
"With Keep you can quickly jot ideas down when you think of them and even include checklists and photos to keep track of what's important to you," they added.
The information is stored in Google Drive. Users can also speak memos and Keep transcribes them. And there is a search facility for people to quickly find what they are looking for.
Currently Keep is available only via the web or as an app for phones and tablets running Android 4.0 or above.
'800lb gorilla'
But with little to differentiate it from competitors, some feel Google may struggle to make an impact.
"My gut instinct is that Google may have come too late to this. It has a track record - with cloud services and social networking - of coming too late and struggling to make an impact," said Chris Green, principal technology analyst at Davies Murphy Group.
"But, if anyone can make an impact, it will be Google," they added.
"If there is a 800lb gorilla like Google behind you you are going to be worried. Evernote cannot rest on its laurels but it does have a huge user base and they are not all going to desert it overnight."
Tony Cripps, analyst at research firm Ovum, thinks Google might benefit from the fact that many already use its myriad services.
"If you are a converted Google user it represents a good option. There is a level of convenience about having access to a range of services using one log-in," they said.
"I use Evernote but I'll give this a spin and see if it works for me."
Y'know, it's kind of funny how much time can change things. Or change us, I guess.
My Ur-Oma Mari died last week, and I have a few really tough anniversaries coming up. Shittiest timing in the world, right? And I guess it all just has me doing a lot of thinking.
Thinking about time, like I said. And about… Okay, this is gonna make me sound like a weirdo masochist or something… But pain. And how it's so fleeting, I guess (I bet Dr. Hall would love this one… I'm getting all deep again).
Like, even after all these years, I still remember how much it hurt when my parents died. But my memories of back then are so foggy now… It's almost like I was watching it happen to someone else. I definitely remember the fact that I was sad and scared and confused about the whole thing… But no matter how hard I try, I can't really remember what it actually felt like in the moment. Know what I mean?
I guess it's like when the fire burned my face too. I remember seeing the flames falling toward me. I remember screaming. I remember that it hurt so badly. Probably the worst physical pain I've ever felt in my life… Can I remember the actual feeling though? Of course not.
But even if you forget how the pain felt when it was fresh and new, that pain can still leave behind scars.
And those never go away.
So I guess losing Ur-Oma adds a fresh new scar to the collection… And officially makes August the worst month in the entire world. They died on August 1st. My parents died 24 years ago on August 21st. And on the 29th, it'll be exactly one year since Hope and I broke up.
I guess it's times like these when I can feel those old wounds starting to flare up again — red and angry and ugly, even after all this time…
I'm trying so hard not to think about any of that though. I saw Dr. Hall yesterday, and he's helping me try to focus on the good stuff. And I know that's what Ur-Oma would want right now.
And I mean, I do have something pretty fucking awesome to look forward to — Something that might help break my August curse once and for all…
Just ten more days, and I'll be co-owner and head chef of my own restaurant. Jesus, even writing it feels surreal!
I mean, I've been dreaming of this day for so long… And now that it's almost here, it just seems too good to be true. I feel like it all happened so fast. Just over eight months since my first meeting with Greg. That seems fast… doesn't it? Like we maybe rushed things? I dunno.
They say it's pretty typical. And I guess they know what he's doing – they own half the restaurants in Windenburg! (And a few other businesses too, actually). I guess I'm just a little nervous. None of this is exactly what I'd expected it'd be like, y'know? But they seem pretty confident everything's gonna work out okay for us.
They love to make those big dramatic speeches of theirs about hard work and perseverance paying off and all that crap… But sometimes it feels like empty words. Like he's just saying that stuff so I'll stop questioning things. Don't get me wrong – Greg's a really nice guy. They can just be… overbearing? And I don't even think they mean to be, really. It's just who they are.
If I'd tried working with them a year ago, I probably would have bitten their head off and quit by now… And I still have my moments where I want to. It's still hard for me to deal with people telling me what to do. I can't help it — There are just times when it still makes me feel like they think I'm weak or something… But I've been getting so much better about that, thanks to Dr. Hall.
I'm finally getting what I've always dreamed of, and I never would have been able to do it without Greg. And I can't forget that, no matter how over-the-top they can get sometimes. He's smart and he's really driven and they definitely know business. I'd be totally lost without him. I'm not too proud to admit that.
Sometimes I wonder a little though. I mean, Ur-Oma always had kind of mixed feelings about him. They never met him, but I got to tell them a lot about him. They thought it was great they were helping me too. But they kept saying the same thing over and over again – “Just don't lose sight of your dream”. I promised them I wouldn't, obviously. And that's a promise I intend to keep. Especially now that she's gone.
Tante Joce and grandpa kinda feel the same, I guess. “Don't let this be another Denise,” grandpa keeps saying. And the other day when I went over there, Tante Joce brought it up again. “Just promise you'll stand up for yourself if you have to.”
Of course I will. I'm not the same guy I used to be when I let Denise walk all over me. I know I'm not. Doesn't Tante Joce see that? Am I still just a helpless little kid in my eyes?
Sometimes it still makes me so mad. I kinda snapped at grandpa about it last week. And I didn't mean to. I've been so much better about losing my temper lately. But I guess we all have bad days, huh?
But I know they mean well. They just want to help. They're supporting me, just like they always have. And I'm really grateful for that.
Anyway, I'm sure a lot of this is just nerves getting to me. I might not sound like it, but I'm really excited. It's just a lot to put into words, I guess. And I don't even think it's totally hit me yet anyway… It probably won't until I'm actually standing there on opening day.
And even though I'm scared shitless, I really can't wait.
It probably makes me sound like an asshole, but I can't help feeling pretty proud of myself for coming this far. For a while, I never thought it'd happen. I really, truly didn't. I thought I'd dug myself too deep of a hole to ever climb back out again. But I did it.
And I know I never could have gotten here if I hadn't gotten so much support. From my family, from my friends, from Greg, from Dr. Hall… And from Hope too.
She's just been so amazing and supportive, especially since Ur-Oma died. Hope always got along so well with them I think they really understood just how special they are, y'know? And I think Ur-Oma felt the same way about Hope too.
I still haven't seen them in person since they left last September. I haven't even heard the sound of their voice. But ever since they finally texted me at Christmas, we've been talking to each other more and more. At least once or twice a week… sometimes even more than that.
It's taken a long time, but it's really starting to feel like we're becoming friends again. And that was something I really thought I'd never be able to say. But I'm so glad I can.
And I'm so, so proud of them I almost can't believe how amazing she's been doing. “Supermodel” is such a cliché term, but… Well, she's everywhere now. Magazines, billboards, commercials… It's incredible! This is their dream, and she's finally living it.
And with any luck, I can say the same in a couple of weeks.
Can I be honest though…?
I'm so happy for both of us right now… But even after all this time, there are still days when it's just so hard. When it hurts so damn much. When that scar they left starts acting up and the pain comes rushing back all over again.
Don't get me wrong — I love that we're finally getting what we'd always dreamed of. I really do.
I just think I'll always regret that we didn't reach those dreams together.
Advertisements
An image taken yesterday using Google's prototype “Project Glass” augmented reality style glasses is turning a few heads. We got our first taste of PG's camera capabilities back when one of the project's leaders, Sebastian Thrun, snapped a pic during an interview, only that shot was less than impressive to say the least.
Now, Thrun's back again, this time showing off the camera once again, this time in a real world situation that would be otherwise impossible to capture — well, without a camera strapped to your head.
The thought of a world where anything, anyone can be photographed or recorded at a blink of an eye is almost… scary. If these AR glasses really take off, the world could get a whole lot more interesting. Thoughts?
[Google+]
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin speaks to the media during the daily briefing at the White House. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP)
The White House's proposal to overhaul the tax code would lead to the biggest tax cut in American history, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Wednesday as part of the Trump administration's bid to build support for one of its top domestic priorities.
Mnuchin said some of the key details of the plan remained in flux, such as whether they would seek temporary changes to the tax code or a long-term change. But they said outlines of the plan, which will be released later on Wednesday, would call for sweeping changes and reductions in rates.
“We want to simplify the personal tax system, lower taxes and create economic growth,” Mnuchin said, speaking at an event hosted by The Hill. “So this is going to be the biggest tax cut and the largest tax reform in the history of our country and we are committed to seeing this through.”
They confirmed reports that the White House would propose lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent. They also confirmed that the White House would call for allowing millions of small businesses to also take advantage of this lower rate, though they said certain protections would be put in place to prevent high-earners from gaming the system to lower their personal taxes.
President Trump unveiled their tax plan on April 26, after months of pledging to make drastic changes to the tax code. The Post's Damian Paletta explains why tax reform is so complicated. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Some Democrats were immediately skeptical. Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D., N.Y.), said members of their party would scrutinize the details, but they predicted the package could amount to major tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans and for businesses like those formerly run by President Trump.
"That's not tax reform," Schumer said on the Senate floor. "That's just a tax giveaway to the very, very wealthy that will explode the deficit."
Mnuchin also addressed one of the most controversial elements of the current tax debate, a proposal from House Republicans to change the way taxes are collected from businesses that would essentially raise new money with higher taxes on imports. This proposal, known as the “border adjustment tax,” has split Republicans.
Trump's White House won't support this specific House GOP proposal, but Mnuchin said they would work with Republicans to revise the idea in a way that it could eventually become part of the overhaul.
“We don't think it works in its current form,” but the White House will work on “revisions that they would consider,” Mnuchin said.
They didn't address what the deficit impact would be of the tax cuts. Many budget experts believe tax cuts of the size Trump will propose would lead the government to lose trillions of dollars in revenue over 10 years, ballooning the government debt. Mnuchin did not specify any way of raising new tax revenue to offset the big cuts in tax rates.
“What I don't want to see is that this tax reform is going to be paid for by magic,” said Maya Macguineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a group that advocates for deficit reduction.
But Mnuchin said the goal of the tax plan would be to create so much economic growth that it would create new revenue on its own.
“This is the center in the core of their economic plan,” Mnuchin said of Trump.
Mnuchin said the White House prefers for the tax changes to be made permanently, but said there were other options depending on what was palatable for members of Congress.
“If we have [the tax cuts] for 10 years, that's better than nothing,” Mnuchin said. “But we'd like to have permanency here.”
Mnuchin said Trump has been closely involved in the design of the plan, meeting with advisers in the Oval Office about the package on Tuesday. Trump called Mnuchin at 7:30 Wednesday morning to discuss the specifics again.
Changes to the tax code must be approved by Congress, and a major overhaul of the code hasn't been done in more than 30 years. Top White House officials have little experience pushing a legislative package like this through Congress, but they are determined to see it through, Mnuchin said.
“We're committed to working, getting this thing done, getting everyone in the room, and getting this thing passed,” Mnuchin said.
LittleBigPlanet PlayStation Vita developer Tarsier is offering one aspiring game creator the chance to work alongside its top men and women.
Applicants for the month-long internship will be judged on their LittleBigPlanet mini-game building skills.
You'll have until 19th October to build and submit your finished project. Sony teams across Europe will then judge the mini-game on its originality, gameplay and commercial appeal.
If successful, Sony will fly you to Sweden to spend a month polishing your creation, which will be released as a fully-fledged slice of DLC.
"Gaming is an exciting and fast-growing industry but it can be tricky to get your foot in the door," the game's product manager Elliott Linger said. "This internship offers a whole month's experience at a great studio, all for creating an awesome minigame. We're expecting hundreds of entries and can't wait to see what players of LittleBigPlanet PlayStation Vita come up with."
For more information and to sign up head over to LBPinternship.eu.playstation.com.
Brown's preparation Edit
John Brown rented the Kennedy Farmhouse, with a small cabin nearby, 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Harpers Ferry near the community of Dargan in Washington County, Maryland,[5] and took up residence under the name Isaac Smith. Brown came with a small group of men minimally trained for military action. Their group included 18 men besides themselves (13 white men, 5 black men). Northern abolitionist groups sent 198 breech-loading .52 caliber Sharps carbines ("Beecher's Bibles") and 950 pikes (obtained in late September from Charles Blair of Collinsville Axe Company in Collinsville, Connecticut), in preparation for the raid. The United States Armory was a huge complex of buildings that manufactured small arms for the U.S. Army (1801–1861), with an Arsenal (storehouse) that was thought to contain 100,000 muskets and rifles at the time.[6] An illustration of Brown trying to persuade abolitionist Frederick Douglass to join them in the raid on Harpers Ferry. Douglass refused. Brown attempted to attract more black recruits. They tried recruiting Frederick Douglass as a liaison officer to the slaves in a meeting held in a quarry at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. It was at this meeting that ex-slave "Emperor" Shields Green consented to join with John Brown on their attack on the United States Armory, Green stating to Douglass "I believe I will go with the old man". Douglass declined, indicating to Brown that they believed the raid was a suicide mission. The plan was "an attack on the federal government" that "would array the whole country against us ... You will never get out alive", they warned.[7] The Kennedy Farmhouse served as "barracks, arsenal, supply depot, mess hall, debate club, and home". It was very crowded and life there was tedious. Brown was worried about arousing neighbors' suspicions. As a result, the raiders had to stay indoors during the daytime, without much to do but study, drill, argue politics, discuss religion, and play cards and checkers. Brown's daughter-in-law Martha served as cook and housekeeper. Their daughter Annie served as lookout. Brown wanted women at the farm, to prevent suspicions of a large all-male group. The raiders went outside at night to drill and get fresh air. Thunderstorms were welcome since they concealed noise from Brown's neighbors.[8] Brown did not plan to have a sudden raid and escape to the mountains. Rather, they intended to use those rifles and pikes they captured at the arsenal, in addition to those they brought along, to arm rebellious slaves with the aim of striking terror in the slaveholders in Virginia. They believed that on the first night of action, 200-500 black slaves would join their line. They ridiculed the militia and regular army that might oppose him. They planned to send agents to nearby plantations, rallying the slaves. They planned to hold Harpers Ferry for a short time, expecting that as many volunteers, white and black, would join them as would form against him. They would move rapidly southward, sending out armed bands along the way. They would free more slaves, obtain food, horses and hostages, and destroy slaveholders' morale. Brown planned to follow the Appalachian Mountains south into Tennessee and even Alabama, the heart of the South, making forays into the plains on either side.[9]
Advance knowledge of raid Edit
John Brown in 1859 Brown paid Hugh Forbes $600 to be their drillmaster. Forbes was an English mercenary who served Giuseppe Garibaldi in Italy. Forbes' Manual for the Patriotic Volunteer was found in Brown's papers after the raid. Brown and Forbes argued over strategy and money. Forbes wanted more money so that their family in Europe could join him.[10] Forbes sent threatening letters to Brown's backers in an attempt to get money. Failing in this effort, Forbes traveled to Washington, DC, and met with U.S. Senators William H. Seward and Henry Wilson. They denounced Brown to Seward as a "vicious man" who needed to be restrained, but did not disclose any plans for the raid. Forbes partially exposed the plan to Senator Wilson and others. Wilson wrote to Samuel Gridley Howe, a Brown backer, advising them to get Brown's backers to retrieve the weapons intended for use in Kansas. Brown's backers told them that the weapons should not be used "for other purposes, as rumor says they may be."[11]:248 In response to warnings, Brown had to return to Kansas to shore up support and discredit Forbes. Some historians believe that this trip cost Brown valuable time and momentum.[12] Estimates are that at least eighty people knew about Brown's planned raid in advance. Many others had reasons to believe that Brown was contemplating a move against the South. One of those who knew was David J. Gue of Springdale, Iowa. Gue was a Quaker who believed that Brown and their men would be killed. Gue, their brother, and another man decided to warn the government "to protect Brown from the consequences of their own rashness." Gue sent an anonymous letter dated August 20, 1859 to Secretary of War John B. Floyd. The letter said that "old John Brown,' late of Kansas," was planning to organize a slave uprising in the South. It said that Brown had a secret agent "in an armory" in Maryland. The letter said that Brown was stockpiling weapons at a secret location in Maryland. Gue warned that Brown planned to leave Maryland and enter Virginia at Harpers Ferry. Gue acknowledged that they were afraid to disclose their identity but asked Floyd not to ignore their warning "on that account." They were hoping that Floyd would send soldiers to Harpers Ferry. They hoped that the extra security would motivate Brown to call off their plans.[11]:284–285 Even though President Buchanan offered a $250 reward for Brown, Floyd did not connect the John Brown of Gue's letter to the John Brown of Pottawatomie, Kansas fame. They knew that Maryland did not have an armory (Harpers Ferry is just across the river from Maryland). Floyd figured that the letter writer was a crank and forgot about it. They later said that "a scheme of such wickedness and outrage could not be entertained by any citizen of the United States."[11]:285
The raid Edit
Aftermath Edit
Casualties Edit
Liberated slaves Edit
Mayor Beckham's Will Book called for the liberation of Isaac Gilbert, their wife, and three children upon their death. When Edwin Coppock killed Beckham the five slaves were free.[11]:296
Legacy Edit
Conflicting interpretations Edit
In their day, Brown was seen by abolitionists as admirable in principles, though misguided and ultimately unsuccessful. For the Southern slave states they were a traitor and a threat to the nation. Even after 100 years there is no consensus on how they are to be seen. The National Park Service plays down Brown and the raid in its literature concerning the Historical Park; Brown is not even mentioned on the home page of the Park. The conflicts over meaning of the events are particularly clear with regard to the Heyward Shepherd monument.
See also Edit
Notes Edit
GOLDEN, Colo. (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama sought on Tuesday to link their Republican rival to the turmoil sweeping Wall Street, and John McCain fired back that Obama had close ties to the troubled mortgage industry.
A man walks out of the Lehman Brothers building carrying a box of their belongings in New York September 15, 2008. REUTERS/Joshua Lott
Obama accused McCain of being an opponent of government regulation who turned a blind eye to market recklessness and McCain answered back that Obama had taken big donations from mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae.
“He put Fannie Mae's CEO (chief executive), who helped create this problem, in charge of finding their vice president. That's not change, that's what's broken in Washington,” McCain said.
The biggest financial shake-up since the Great Depression — with the bankruptcy filing of Lehman Brothers Holdings, takeover of Merrill Lynch and the government takeover of the two mortgage giants, has taken center stage on the campaign trail as it further rattles Americans already grappling with high energy costs and a worsening job market.
Both Obama and McCain, their Republican rival in the November 4 election, took a populist tone in campaign speeches, blaming the crisis on greedy people who took excessive risks.
“The news from Wall Street has shaken the American people's faith in our economy,” Obama said in Golden, Colorado, where they pushed a plan for tighter regulations on Wall Street that they said would restore faith in the markets.
“This is a major threat to our economy and its ability to create good-paying jobs and help to work Americans pay their bills, save for their future and make their mortgage payments,” said Obama, an Illinois senator.
McCain said workers' livelihoods had been put at “great risk by the greed and mismanagement of Wall Street and Washington.”
“In my administration we're going to hold people on Wall Street responsible and we're going to enact and enforce reforms that make sure that these outrages — and they are outrages — never happen in the first place,” McCain said to loud applause at a rally in Tampa, Florida.
As U.S. markets suffered their worst drop on Monday since the September 11, 2001, attacks in reaction to Lehman's bankruptcy and Merrill's sale, McCain joined Obama in embracing a push to clamp tighter rules on Wall Street.
RECENT CONVERT
Obama, who has long called for tighter financial regulations, lambasted McCain as a recent convert to the idea. They likened McCain to President George W. Bush, with a history of showing a “scornful attitude towards oversight and enforcement.”
“John McCain cannot be trusted to reestablish proper oversight of our financial markets for one simple reason: they have shown time and again that they do not believe in it,” Obama said.
The Democratic candidate cited McCain's closeness to Phil Gramm, a former Texas senator and ardent free-market economist who spearheaded a 1999 law that loosened Depression-era laws to allow banks, investment houses and insurance firms to engage in each other's businesses.
The McCain campaign countered by highlighting the Arizona senator's past calls to rein in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the two mortgage giants whose financial troubles prompted their takeover by the federal government.
“Unlike Barack Obama, John McCain has been ahead of the curve in calling for reform of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Barack Obama has never proposed legislation; they became interested in reform only when it became politically expedient,” said Doug Holtz-Eakin, McCain's senior economic adviser.
Slideshow (7 Images)
McCain also put forth a proposal on Tuesday to set up a commission like the one that investigated the September 11 attacks to study what led to the current U.S. financial crisis and offer solutions.
Obama ridiculed the idea, saying it amounted to “passing the buck.”
“Here's the thing — this isn't 9/11. We know how we got into this mess,” Obama said.
But it is more than that. Kim Williams, the chairperson of the Copyright Agency, in a powerful speech titled "Fighting for Copyright" last week, said: "Protecting copyright is absolutely central to the very things that are driving our future prosperity: creativity, invention and productivity."
They didn't mince their words. "I cannot think of another recent report that so misses the main drivers of its area of inquiry – what drives innovation? They miss what all people who run businesses know – innovation is driven by a clear operating framework, the talent of a company's workforce, their appetite for risk and the certainty that they will retain copyright in their products for a reasonable period.
"But more than this, the report profoundly disrespects all Australians involved in creative work. The people who entertain us, inform us, challenge our views about our country and make us proud to be Australian, would all lose out."
Protecting the future
Williams was talking about the next generation of stars and icons. The next Jimmy Barnes, Magda Szubanski, George Miller or Peter Sculthorpe. "All of these people, and those who will follow them, would be sacrificed at the altar of the commission's extreme ideology," they said.
The review was launched by former treasurer Joe Hockey to establish whether the system "provides appropriate incentives for innovation, investment and the production of creative works while ensuring it does not unreasonably impede further innovation, investment and access to goods and services". The regulation of copyright and the book industry formed part of that review.
There is no doubt that copyright laws need to be reviewed in light of the digital age and globalisation. But copyright is complex, steeped in politics and wraps around our national identity.
Since the draft report was released in April, 466 submissions have been received and a number of hearings have taken place.
Advertisement
At one end of the spectrum is the Australian Digital Alliance (ADA), whose members include Google, Ebay, Yahoo! and universities, which supports fair use and believes the current copyright term is "excessive". In its submission it makes the telling statement: "Recognising the limitations set by treaties to which Australia is a party and the virtual nil possibility of meaningfully winding back copyright terms given international constraints, the ADA advocates that the most effective way to address the excessive length of copyright at this point in time would be to introduce fair use."
At the other end is the Copyright Agency, a not-for-profit organisation that collects fees and distributes royalties to creator members for the reuse of texts and images. It believes the main recommendations for changes to the copyright system are based on a "faulty premise" that Australia's copyright system has expanded in ways that require balancing. It says the PC has misunderstood important aspects of Australia's copyright system, and has not been true to its claims that its position is evidence-based.
Indeed, Kim Williams in their speech made the pertinent point that if the Productivity Commission truly wanted to be "evidence based", it should examine the evidence of what has happened when fair use was introduced into other jurisdictions. Canada springs to mind.
"The adoption of US-style 'fair use' exceptions by Canada have slashed the payment of licensing fees by educational institutions by 98 per cent. That's right 98 per cent! It has done profound damage to that country's publishing industry, causing big-name university publishers like Oxford University Press to flee the jurisdiction, making fewer Canadian educational materials available to Canadian schools and universities."
Saving the nation's stories
That such a proposal is being entertained has prompted an outcry from many. Earlier this month the Australian book industry released #SaveOzStories, as a gift to the public. A number of authors, including Anna Funder, Peter FitzSimons, David Malouf, Tim Winton and Richard Flanagan, addressed some of the PC's proposals in a series of essays.
In their essay, FitzSimons said on a recent Thursday evening a group of authors, publishers and lawyers met in the Sydney offices of HarperCollins to discuss the controversial proposals.
They said the meeting, which included Nikki Gemmell, Jimmy Barnes and Judy Nunn, strongly opposed some of the proposals.
Advertisement
In a separate article Anna Funder describes the Productivity Commission's proposals as an attempt to "gut" the copyright of authors. They castigated the commission's "preferred position" that the copyright term should be 15 to 25 years after creation, not the current 70 years after death.
They rightly pointed out that any work published as recently as 2001 would be free fair game for any commercial enterprise to plunder.
"This would be to take away my ownership of my work after just 15 years. Copyright currently endures for my lifetime plus 70 years, for my children and theirs," Funder says. "The commission's proposal would mean that Stasiland, a book which won the most prestigious prize for non-fiction in the world, a book which is studied in the universities and schools in many countries, would from next year no longer be mine, nor a property for my children.
"Educational institutions, filmmakers and publishers in any country could just use and reproduce it however they liked and not pay me a cent."
Funder likened the proposal to borrowing money to buy land to build a block of apartments, then having them taken away. "I would not expect the government to expropriate my property at the end of 15 years. If this copyright proposal seems like a proposal for theft to you, that is because it is."
The Turnbull government has backed away from the Productivity Commission's sentiment that "copyright protection lasts too long" that "a book written today by an author who lives for another 50 years will be protected until 2136". But it is yet to reveal its hand on some of the other proposals, which could be a backdoor way of achieving the same thing.
As Williams says, it's a big economic issue, but it's more than that. "It has massive implications for our society also. Because as you all know creativity isn't just an economic need; it's a human need." Let's hope the government gets it right.
*Disclosure: Adele Ferguson is on the board of the Copyright Agency.
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster speaks to the media outside the West Wing of the White House in Washington, Monday, May 15, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the report that President Donald Trump shared classified information with Russian officials (all times EDT):
10:50 a.m.
President Donald Trump's national security adviser plans to brief reporters at the White House.
The White House says H.R. McMaster will hold an on-camera briefing before noon. They were originally scheduled to appear with press secretary Sean Spicer, but Spicer plans to hold a separate, off-camera session with reporters later in the day, after McMaster's appearance.
Reporters had been promised a briefing from McMaster about Trump's first overseas trip, which opens Friday. But McMaster is likely to face questions about reports that Trump shared classified intelligence information with Russian officials when they met in the Oval Office last week.
McMaster has denied the reports, telling reporters Monday after the story broke: “I was in the room. It didn't happen.”
___
10:45 a.m.
The Senate's top Democrat says Congress needs to have immediate access to a transcript of President Donald Trump's meeting at the White House last week with senior Russian officials.
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York says that if Trump has “nothing to hide,” he'll turn over unedited transcripts to the House and Senate intelligence committees. If Trump refuses, Schumer says Americans will doubt that their president is capable of safeguarding critical secrets.
The request came in response to published reports that the president revealed classified information about the Islamic State group in the meeting with Russian officials.
Congress is investigating Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election, including hacking Democratic emails.
___
10:40 a.m.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain says reports that President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information to senior Russian officials during an Oval Office meeting last week are “deeply disturbing.”
The Arizona Republican said Tuesday that it sends a troubling signal to U.S. allies and partners around the world. McCain also said in a statement that reports that the information was provided by a U.S. ally and shared without the country's knowledge could mean that other countries won't share intelligence with Americans in the future.
They said the time Trump spent sharing sensitive information was time they did not spend focused on Russia's aggressive behavior, including interference in elections, and its illegal invasion of Ukraine.
___
9:35 a.m.
The Senate's top Republican says “we can do with a little less drama from the White House” so the GOP can focus on advancing the party's legislative agenda.
Appearing Tuesday morning on Bloomberg Business, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky was responding to reports that President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information about the Islamic State group to Russian officials.
McConnell says, “I think we could do with a little less drama from the White House on a lot of things so that we can focus on our agenda.” They said the agenda is deregulation, tax reform and repealing and replacing the health care law.
McConnell also says they recommended to Trump that they nominate Merrick Garland to replace fired FBI Director James Comey. Garland, the federal judge nominated to the Supreme Court last year by President Barack Obama, was denied a Senate hearing by McConnell.
___
9:15 a.m.
President Donald Trump says more attention should be paid to find who is leaking information to the media.
The Washington Post first reported that Trump's closed-door remarks with the Russians jeopardize a valuable intelligence source on the Islamic State group.
Trump defended themselves in a tweet Tuesday by saying they had an “absolute right” to share what they wanted.
In a follow-up tweet, Trump said they had asked ousted FBI Director James Comey and others “from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.”
___
9:25 a.m.
A senior European intelligence official tells The Associated Press that their country might stop sharing information with the United States if it confirms President Donald Trump shared classified details with Russian officials.
The official said Tuesday that doing so “could be a risk for our sources.”
The official spoke only on condition that neither they nor their country be identified, because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
-By Jan M. Olsen
___
8:25 a.m.
A senior German lawmaker has expressed concern about reports that President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information about the Islamic State group to Russian officials.
Burkhard Lischka said in a statement to The Associated Press that “if it proves to be true that the American president passed on internal intelligence matters that would be highly worrying.”
Lischka, who sits on the German parliament's intelligence oversight committee, noted that Trump has access to “exclusive and highly sensitive information including in the area of combating terrorism.”
The Social Democratic Party lawmaker said that if the U.S. president “passes this information to other governments at will, then Trump becomes a security risk for the entire western world.”
Germany is heavily dependent on U.S. intelligence.
___
8:25 a.m.
The Kremlin has dismissed reports that Donald Trump shared classified information with Russian officials last week as “complete nonsense.”
The Washington Post's report on Monday claimed that the revelation made by Trump during their meeting with visiting Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov put a source of intelligence on the Islamic State at risk.
Russian presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov on Tuesday dismissed the reports as “yet more nonsense” and said that Moscow doesn't “want to have to do anything with it,” adding that “there is nothing to confirm or deny.”
___
7:25 a.m.
President Donald Trump is using Twitter to defend their sharing of information with the Russians.
Trump says they wanted to share with Russia “facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety.” They note that as president, they have an “absolute right” to do this.
The Washington Post reported Monday that Trump divulged highly classified “code-word” information that could enable the Russians to trace the source of the intelligence.
Trump added a line in their tweet suggesting why they did it: “Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.”
___
6:40 a.m.
Russia's foreign ministry spokesperson has denied reports that President Donald Trump revealed classified information to senior officials during the Russian minister's visit to the Oval Office last week.
The Washington Post reported on Monday that the revelation put a source of intelligence on the Islamic State at risk.
Maria Zakharova, spokesperson for the Russian foreign ministry, on Facebook on Tuesday described the reports as “yet another fake.”
The reports came several days after the White House faced criticism for a possible security breach after it allowed a Russian news service photographer into the Oval Office to snap photos of Trump with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak last week.
—Associated Press reporter Paisley Dodds in London.
___
4:30 a.m.
Jordan says King Abdullah II is to speak by phone Tuesday with President Donald Trump.
The Royal Court says arrangements for the call were made last week.
The conversation will take place amid a report by The Washington Post that Trump revealed highly classified information to senior Russian officials at a meeting last week, putting a source of intelligence about the Islamic State extremist group at risk.
Jordan is a key ally in the U.S.-led international military coalition against Islamic State, which controls territory in neighboring Syria and Iraq.
The Post, citing current and former U.S. officials, says Trump shared details about an Islamic State terror threat related to the use of laptop computers on aircraft with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak.
___
3:30 a.m.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull won't comment on a Washington Post report that President Donald Trump revealed classified information to Russian officials, or say whether the report will affect Australia's intelligence-sharing agreement with the U.S.
Australia is a member of the Five Eyes intelligence-sharing program with the U.S., Canada, Britain and New Zealand.
Turnbull declined to comment specifically on the report, but said during an interview Tuesday with Adelaide radio station 5AA that they are confident in the Australia-U.S. alliance. Turnbull called it “the bedrock of our national security.”
New Zealand's Foreign Affairs Minister Gerry Brownlee said in a statement that the report was rejected by senior U.S. officials. Brownlee said a resolution to the situation in Syria requires a concerted effort from the U.S. and Russia. Brownlee said they hope the meeting between Trump and Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov “is a step towards that.”
___
3:13 a.m.
President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information to senior Russian officials during an Oval Office meeting last week, putting a source of intelligence on the Islamic State at risk, The Washington Post reported.
The disclosure late Monday drew strong condemnation from Democrats and a rare rebuke of Trump from some Republican lawmakers. White House officials denounced the report, saying the president did not disclose intelligence sources or methods to the Russians, though officials did not deny that classified information was disclosed in the May 10 meeting.
H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, said: “The president and the foreign minister reviewed a range of common threats to our two countries including threats to civil aviation. At no time, at no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed and the president did not disclose any military operations that were not already publicly known.”
In case you missed the launch of Atheist TV last night, the introduction video is below. I would pay special attention to the speech given by American Atheists' founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair at the group's 1990 convention, beginning at the 5:45 mark. Nothing they say is unfamiliar to those of us who read books and visit websites about atheism — but 25 years ago, you just didn't hear those thoughts said aloud. It's amazing how far that message has spread in such a short time.
And, of course, Creationist Ken Ham already has a review of the channel up on their site. (I'm sure they watched every minute of the launch.)
It is incredible that atheists spend so much time, effort, and money arguing against Someone that they don't even believe exists! Where are all their books, websites, and magazines that argue against the mythical Easter Bunny? This is because they do know God exists but they are suppressing the truth in unrighteousness…
Or maybe they focus on God because it convinces some people that the universe is only thousands of years old. Or that dinosaurs and humans lived at the same time. Or that the Bible should be taken literally.
The Easter Bunny isn't ruining science literacy in this country.
Ham, whose Answers in Genesis ministry corrupts young minds on a regular basis, is especially disturbed about how this channel might reach children:
Sadly, this new TV channel is not just targeting adults with a hopeless message of godlessness, but they are also trying to indoctrinate children into an atheistic worldview. Isn't it bad enough that humanistic thinking has lead to over 55 million deaths of aborted children in the U.S. alone, and now the atheistic humanists want to continue their attacks to poison and destroy the minds children who have survived the abortion holocaust. You see, we live in a world that is fiercely battling for the hearts and minds of our kids. And yet, it is a world where those who teach their kids the truth of God's Word are accused of child abuse!
If you had “Holocaust” and “child abuse” and “abortion” on your Christian-Reaction-to-Atheist-TV Bingo Card, you may cross them off now.
(Thanks to Paul for the link)
You know a television show has piqued your interest, when the idea of waiting a week to view the latest instalment leaves you feeling that near death is imminent, like Frankie Boyle at Harvey Price's birthday party. Addictions to shows can take weeks, creeping up on you until you realise that you're much more attuned to it than you initially thought, or it can be an instant craving, a gnawing that won't go away until you've addressed the wound thoroughly. The excellent show Portlandia really defined this phenomenon with their very amusing sketch about a couple developing a full blown obsession to the behemoth that is Battlestar Galactica.
Now myself, I'm not really one for mammoth American TV shows. I like the concept of immersing myself in those hour-long epics which go on for many seasons, but honestly, I haven't got the patience – or the interest to dedicate myself to such shows. To me, these shows are like energy drinks – I understand the appeal, but too much of them and you tend to get really annoying.
My own TV addiction is comedies; particularly US based ones, just like everybody else. Parks and Recreation, Community, Arrested Development, Party Down – I'm like a living Tumblr blog. There is something about those slightly smug, surprisingly superficial shows that I really enjoy. Perhaps it's because they remind me of myself – an attempt to do something different, but by doing so really just being the same as everybody else.
However, one thing you notice when watching any sort of show a lot of times in succession, is that the opening music is important. If it's not memorable, catchy, or particularly interesting then it's guaranteed that for at least the first twenty seconds of every episode, you are going to be disappointed. If there is nothing to hum, to tap, or to dance to, then you've wasted a significant period of your life. Twenty seconds at a time might not sound like much, but if you multiply those twenty seconds by the amount of episodes you watch, you'll come to a figure that, if spent wisely, could get you to do something more meaningful than to bulk watch TV shows.
But we'll never do that, because TV is both the beauty and the beast. Because of Arrested Development, and because I love Will Arnett's character in the show, I recently decided to start watching their newish sitcom, entitled Up All Night. Now, this is where I stop talking about how good shows are, because I'm about as qualified to talk about the content of comedy shows as I am qualified to talk about making quality metaphors. Instead this is where I shall start examining the most important question in television today – what on earth happened to the memorable theme tune?
I'm going to share a video with you now. It is the opening eighteen seconds of Up All Night. You don't have to actually watch the titles; it's just a series of still photographs stuck together with a flash. Just listen to it, embrace it, and then listen to it again. Go on, it'll only take thirty-six seconds if you do it quickly.
I bet you any money in the world that even if you've listened to it twice in a row, you won't be able to remember it properly. And why would you? It's eighteen seconds of the most nondescript ‘music' you'll ever come across. It's too jaunty to be hold music, too lifeless to be lift music. I'm getting a bit of brass instruments in there, but I can't really make out exactly what it is making that dirge. There is a baby chuckling at the end, or perhaps being winded, and well… nothing much else really.
So when I started to get into the show, and watched a couple of episodes in succession, I found that the theme did begin to become memorable, not in a fun, special way, but in the same way that you can't stop remembering when you made a really unfunny joke, or when you come back home, look in the mirror and realise that you forgot to take your Batman cape off when you went to the shops.
It's not just Up All Night's fault. All of the shows I have mentioned are completely dull theme-wise. Let's go through them, starting with Parks And Recreation.
It's alright. It's memorable – if a little long, but it foretells nothing of the story about to be unfolded in front of our eyes. It's just… there. It wouldn't feel out of place if it was the soundtrack to an advert advertising butter, and that's not what I really want to hear unless I am watching a show about butter, which as it goes, happens never.
Next up, let's have a little listen at the theme from Community.
This is just horrible. It's the sound of being pipped on the line for the bronze medal in a race, it's the sound of over-cooking vegetables, and it's the sound of the first person booted out of X-Factor. Yes, it's the sound of failure. An uninspiring boring singing voice, backed up by a boring tune, with lyrics so mind-numbingly boring, they can only be described as boring. For a show that can have such creative ideas, it is, to quote Bernard Manning in a Chris Morris sketch, “a fucking disgrace”.
What of Arrested Development, a show lauded by many for its complex humour, for the jokes you have to watch five times to notice, for the warmly named George Michael?
Now this is a little better. Who doesn't love the voice of Ron Howard? Nobody! But then try asking that question when you hear it not only as the narrator, but in the titles as well. This is not what you want to hear every twenty-five minutes or so when the next episode starts.
I'm not even going to waste more than one sentence on Party Down , considering all they bother to give us is THREE SECONDS of the most bullshit music you'll hear this side of Mumford and Sons. [go to about 2.25below]
So what makes a good theme song? For me there are a number of key components, and they vary for certain types of shows. For example, if we look at sports based television, the iconic themes that people love and remember, especially over in the UK, are mostly instrumental. Match of the Day, Ski Sunday, Soul Limbo for the cricket, the almost prog like quality of the snooker theme. Of course the granddaddy of them all, the irresistible force and the immovable object, is the Grandstand theme.
The fact we live in a world without Grandstand is completely twisted and tortured, even dismissing the theme song. We've just spent the last month watching judo, archery, and shooting in our millions, yet the BBC can't devote four hours every Saturday afternoon to crown green balls, regional athletics and Final Score? Sadly, the only memories I have left of Grandstand now is the theme, a peacock-like piece of music, as it struts and flaunts its worth, and so it bloody should. One of my ultimate (clean) fantasies is to conduct an orchestra to play this wonderful piece of music.
So that's sport, but what of comedies? What do I want from a comedy show in my theme? I want craft, I want thought, and I want catchiness. Cagney and Lacey didn't work just because of the hair; it also worked because of the irresistible theme, crafted from the very same brain that produced the theme from Rocky.
So I want craft, but I also want words, and not just hastily scribbled together words like the ones you're reading now, I want words which have relevance to what I'm watching. I want craft, and I want words which are instantly memorable and lasting, which leads me to Happy Days.
There is not a soul out there who doesn't feel like moving when they hear the Happy Days theme. But I want more, I want craft, I want words, but I also want musicianship – I want a hook that will drive me wild. I want Red Dwarf.
And then I've almost got it all. But there's a couple of missing ingredients left to fill. I've got my craft, words, musicianship – but I haven't got a sense of belonging. Cagney and Lacey is too jazzy, Happy Days too jolly, Red Dwarf too “out-there”. I want to feel like I belong, like I'm part of something. I want to feel like I'm about to buy a David Bowie LP.
It's almost perfect. The theme song is almost complete, but even if you include the craft, words, musicianship and sense of belonging, there is still something missing. Amidst every great comedy, is the dark sheen of tragedy and melancholy lurking. It's the reminder that laughter is one extreme, and the other is tears, sadness and regret. Sometimes, we need to remind ourselves, that while comedy, TV or music might not save our souls, at least we're all going down together. People are all the same…
Now, taking a break from all your worries sure would help a lot, but not in the case of the current batch of TV theme makers. If this sermon has taught you anything, it's that there is more to making a memorable theme than sticking a couple of instruments together and hoping nobody notices. Because that's not how this game should work – we want to notice, we want the theme to become a part of the piece, the final puzzle that can turn a good TV show into a great one.
You wouldn't have a baby and then not try to give it the very best start in life, so why not try and do the same for TV shows?
If you think I'm right, wrong, or have great hair, feel free to share your thoughts – and your favourite (and least favourite) themes in the comments below. Alternatively, you can catch me on Twitter @martinhines or not watching The Wire
Forced into retirement after the worst season in club history, the goofy, grinning cartoon bird logo has been dusted off, altered slightly and will be returning next season to Orioles hats for the first time since 1988.
The Orioles officially unveiled their 2012 uniforms and caps on their website Tuesday morning with two notable changes: a switch in hat logos from the ornithologically correct bird to the cartoon one and the inclusion of an orange jersey, which will be worn during all Saturday home games next season.
It's the first time the club will wear orange jerseys during games since 1992, the year that Oriole Park at Camden Yards opened.
The popular cartoon bird will return on two hats: a black one with an orange bill and a multipaneled one with a black back, white front and orange bill. The only games in which the Orioles won't wear the hats will be Fridays, when they'll continue to sport the black "O's" cap.
"We're always looking for ways in which to enhance the strength of our brand. And we feel that a change to the hat, adding a version of the cartoon bird, was a way in which to do that," Orioles director of communications Greg Bader said. "We find it has widespread appeal among many demographics, many age groups. And it's a logo, it's a mark, that has a lot more character and personality than the ornithologically correct bird."
Reaction to the changes among fans was largely positive.
"I'm very happy with the new uniforms, specifically the return of the cartoon bird," said Eric Sauter, 22, of Ellicott City. "I think it's pretty clear that for many years, the cartoon bird has been a fan favorite. It's never hard to spot a cartoon bird hat as you walk downtown. It will be nice to see the players finally sporting these on a consistent basis. For those who want to go a little deeper with it, the cartoon bird takes us back to a better time for the Orioles, and while this won't translate into the successes of those former teams, it's at least a nice reminder of the Orioles' history and legacy."
Still, there was some question as to whether the team made the changes in an effort to distance itself from its recent performance, including a 14th straight losing season.
"I think the Orioles know that many fans connect with the cartoon bird [as a symbol of past success], so it wouldn't surprise me at all if that's the main reason (or one of the reasons) why they decided to bring the cartoon bird back," said Adam Westcount, 22, from Severna Park. "Even if it is just a diversion, most fans are smart enough to know that while new uniforms may be cool, it won't make a difference if the team struggles again in 2012."
Bader said the switch has been in the planning stages for more than a year and was not a direct response to another losing season in Baltimore.
"The timing, really, was going to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the ballpark versus trying to deflect attention from the team performance," they said. "Anytime you make a change, you have an element of detractors that are cynical as far as why a change is made. But there is nothing behind the change other than a desire to provide fans with a look that we think they like and a look that the ballclub is proud of."
Much of next year's public relations and marketing campaigns will focus on the stadium's anniversary, and that will also be reflected in the uniforms. All the jerseys will have a Camden Yards patch on the right sleeve and the Maryland flag logo (with a "Baltimore Orioles" inscription) on the left sleeve.
The gray road jerseys will maintain the "Baltimore" script, but the letters now will be flattened slightly and consistent instead of tapered -- so the lower-case letters will be the same size throughout.
Overall, the Orioles will feature four jersey tops and three caps.
The team will have three jersey choices at home: traditional white, orange (for Saturdays) and black (which will continue to be worn Fridays). They will use the gray "Baltimore" jerseys for most away games but will continue to wear the black "Orioles" jerseys Fridays.
For caps, the ornithologically correct oriole -- which made its comeback in 1989 -- will be retired. The new cartoon bird is plumper than the one used in the 1980s, making it a little more like the 1970 logo. There are a few subtle differences, however. The white trim along the back rim of the bird's hat isn't as pronounced as it was in the old logo, and the bird's hat rim is straighter. The most obvious change is that this version of the bird is wearing an "O's" hat, not the indistinguishable orange or white blotches from the previous logos.
The changes signify that the Orioles are aiming to draw in a younger audience and should boost the team's merchandise sales, said Marc Ganis, president and founder of Chicago-based sports business consulting firm Sportscorp.
"You want to update the uniforms while leaving the tradition intact," Ganis said. "The fact that they are going back to the old cartoon bird tells me that they are trying to target younger fans more. That will also remind fans of the great successes the team had back then.
"People will want to get the current, up-to-date uniforms and caps and other merchandise," Ganis added. "People aren't going to buy one player's jersey three times -- unless there is a uniform change."
Although the Orioles haven't officially worn the cartoon bird in 23 years, at least one player donned it all of 2011. Catcher Matt Wieters used a throwback helmet with the logo while behind the plate last season.
Fans jammed message boards praising Wieters' choice in helmetwear. And though Bader said that didn't have any bearing on the decision, the response to Wieters' choice reinforced the Orioles' sense that fans would embrace a change.
"When we saw Wieters wear that, we thought it was a fun coincidence because there was no planning of that. That this wasn't like a soft rollout; it was something that Matt wanted to do and we found great because it did kind of give a small preview to what fans could expect," Bader said. "And the fact that that created as much interest as it did give us the belief that, ultimately, the unveiling of the new look was going to be well received."
dan.connolly@baltsun.com
twitter.com/danconnollysun
Baltimore Sun reporter Matt Vensel contributed to this article.
Even after losing their leading scorer for the season, the Memphis Grizzlies still have enough talent and heart to keep the team in the playoff hunt.
When the alert flashed across the ESPN timeline, most of the NBA world assumed the worst.
JUST IN: Grizzlies announce Marc Gasol is out for the season after surgery on their right foot. pic.twitter.com/ph8oO9Mb0o — NBA on ESPN (@ ESPNNBA ) February 23, 2016
“There goes Memphis' season.”
Before everyone goes Chicken Little and declares the Memphis sky to be falling, take a step back and a deep breath.
At the end of the day, the Grizzlies will be fine. Since the 2010-2011 season, the team has never missed the NBA playoffs. Even an injury to Memphis' best player will not be enough to derail the team's chances at a sixth consecutive playoff appearance. This is a resilient team and a mentally tough organization that has overcome plenty of obstacles in the past.
Currently, the team is in fifth place in the Western Conference and only three-and-a-half games back from the Los Angeles Clippers. However, without Gasol and their 16.6 points, 7.0 rebounds, and 1.3 blocks per game, there's a huge hole in the team's production.
It is too much to ask the team to catch and pass the Clippers. For the Grizzlies, the focus should be on staying out of the seventh or eighth seed in the Western Conference since both of those roads lead to formidable foes like the San Antonio Spurs and Golden State Warriors.
Is it even likely that the team will be able to stay in the playoffs at all without their best player and leading scorer?
At this point, the answer should be yesed.
The main concern for the team is figuring out who will cover for Gasol's absence on both ends of the floor. Replacing a 7‘1 star is no easy task. Gasol was not the team's only scoring option, though. Four other players on the team average over 9.0 points per game, led by Mike Conley at 15.1 points per game and Zach Randolph at 14.3 points per game.
If the Grizzlies hope to have any chance at replacing Gasol, they must spread the load across multiple players, including the team's two stars and newcomers, alike.
Described in a well-written article on The Sports Quotient that detailed “How the Memphis Grizzlies Won the Trade Deadline,” the primary motivation for the Grizzlies in procuring their trade decline deals was draft picks. However, the team will now be unexpectedly forced to rely heavily on two of the high-upside players in the deals: Lance Stephenson and PJ Hairston.
In Stephenson's first two games with the Grizzlies, they have averaged a healthy 12.0 points and 3.5 assists per game. This is quite a step-up from their time in Los Angeles, where they averaged 4.7 points and 2.5 rebounds per game. Yet with the Clippers, Stephenson was only seeing an average of 15.8 minutes per game, whereas they have already seen 23.0 minutes per game in a Memphis jersey.
The change has been positive for the raw 23-year-old Hairston, too. They were averaging 6.0 points per game and a 35.9% shooting percentage from the field with the Charlotte Hornets at the beginning of this year. In their three games with the Grizzlies, they are averaging 7.0 points and is shooting 41.2% from the field, including a 17-point outbreak in the team's win over the Los Angeles Lakers.
Yes, these statistics are small sample sizes, but they are encouraging early signs from both players, nonetheless.
Memphis' usual suspects must step up in Gasol's absence, too. Only under their leadership will players like Hairston and Stephenson be able to continue to improve.
One of the stars who needs to take their game to the next level is Zach Randolph. Before Gasol's injury, Randolph was having one of their worst statistical years (14.3 points and 8.0 rebounds per game) since their injury riddled 2011-2012 campaign.
Even if they are only able to get back to last year's form of 16.1 points and 10.5 rebounds per game to make up for Gasol's 7.0 rebounds per game, it would be to the team's benefit.
Mike Conley has already begun to pick up some of the slack of Gasol's injury. Post-All-Star break, they are averaging 19.0 points and 6.3 assists per game. Plus, they are also averaging a career-low 1.5 turnovers per game.
Because the Grizzlies just lost their most prolific scorer, they cannot afford to lose any more of their scoring opportunities. The team needs to make every possession count. Doing their part, Conley is first in the league right now in their assists-to-turnover ratio at 4.01.
Based on their past few seasons, it will be difficult to expect much more out of veteran players Vince Carter and Matt Barnes. Yet for a 25-year-old, second-year player like JaMychal Green, this is the opportunity of a lifetime.
They have already seen a 10-minute uptick in their minutes played over the course of the last three games and has performed well, scoring 9, 4, and 12 points, respectively.
Overall, the opportunity for the team to succeed post-Gasol is there for the taking. During the 2013-2014 season, the team went 10-13 when Gasol was out. However, only four of the 10 losses were by double digits.
The team's record at the moment (33-23) is good for 58.9%. If the Grizzlies are to stay at that win percentage for the remainder of the year, they need to go 15-10 the rest of the way.
Feasible? Definitely, especially since 14 of their remaining opponents have subbed-.500 records, including two more games apiece against the Western Conference bottom-dwellers: Los Angeles Lakers and Phoenix Suns.
Truly, it is the Grizzlies' spot to lose.
They are a top-six defensive team and have thus far held opponents to a mere 99.5 points per game. If they are able to continue to control the pace and make games slow, grind-it-out affairs, the Grizzlies have as good of a chance as any to walk out of the gym victorious.
Shootaround - Mike Conley on Griz going forward: “We have to be more nasty and play better defense.” — Ronald Tillery (@CAGrizBeat) February 19, 2016
Memphis is a team compiled with the theme of grit-and-grind. The team's tough mentality will serve them well over the last third of the season and prevent them from simply “rolling over and dying.”
The Grizzlies have actually thrived in the underdog role in the past and have played better when the chips are down and nothing is expected of them. By taking care of the sub-.500 teams on the remainder of their schedule, they will have nothing to worry about.
As Memphis proved in the 2011 playoffs when they became only the fourth team ever to knock off a number one seed as an eighth-seeded team, once a team gets in the playoffs, it's anyone's game. The Grizzlies, now more than ever, hope this message will ring true at the end of their season.
Edited by Brian Kang, Julian Boireau, Ben Moore.
Parenting
That dogs bite and cats scratch are the images I get in my head but I discover more and more how irrational my fears are when I allow my child to discover the animal by herself.
It's only when I became a parent that the word ‘consequences' hit me full in the face. Being responsible for the welfare of another person meant that I was always thinking ahead, negotiating a maze full of dangers and evaluating risks not just for my child but also for me. Because I want to be around to watch my daughter grow up. Harvesting my own pesticide free tomatoes is of higher priority currently than bungee jumping.
However, even as I've become more cautious as a person, I try not to pass on my fears to my child. Especially when it comes to how they form their perceptions about the world.
I'm not a very animal friendly person. If I see a stray dog on the road, my first thought is that it might attack me. I keep away from cats. Rabbits might chew up my fingers. Parakeets are sure to peck my eyes out. Goldfish are all right as long as they're in a glass bowl. Perhaps this has to do with my upbringing – as a child, I did not grow up around animals and have never loved one. I had a dog for a brief period when I was trying to live out Enid Blyton fantasies but we soon gave them away because nobody in the household knew anything about bringing up dogs.
However, my daughter, like most small children, likes animals. Even beetles and bats.  They are yet to be convinced that a human life is superior to that of an animal's, something we believe easily enough as adults. The liking that young children have towards animals is instinctive and immediate. I remember answering numerous questions that my daughter had about a mouse that was caught in the sticky pad at home. What were we going to do with it? Why couldn't the mouse live in the same house as us? How do we know this isn't Mickey Mouse?
Of course, not ALL young children feel this way and some discover early on what it is to cause pain and may even enjoy the power that they derive from it. But for the most part, small children enjoy the company of animals.
I've observed that friends of mine who've grown up with an animal at home are generally more comfortable when encountering someone's pet or a stray on the roads. They don't tense up the way I do, sending the wrong signals to the animal in the process. They don't assume immediately that the animal will get violent or behave senselessly. They are willing to offer it their respect.
When I see the bond that people have with the animals they love, when I see the depth of their grief when a pet dies, I'm sometimes jealous that the doors of this world are closed to me.
This is why I don't discourage my child from interacting with animals whenever they have the opportunity. I keep an eye on them when they make friends with a puppy or sits down on the ground, intently watching an army of ants on a serious march. I don't shout out a warning when we go to a restaurant and find the owner's cat curling up at their feet. That dogs bite and cats scratch are the images I get in my head but I discover more and more how irrational my fears are when I allow them to discover the animal by herself.
We've been to farms where they have petted cows and horses, delighting in the throb of their skin against their hand. They think pigs are cute and in any animal game, would like to be addressed as one.
We currently stay in a large campus where mongooses come to the carpark, the occasional snake slithers in the bushes, and the milk bag sometimes has a surprised grasshopper. Once in a while, a peacock might come visiting too, exciting the numerous dogs on campus. My daughter has been campaigning for a pet in the house. I think I need to work on myself a lot more for that to happen. For now, I try to be the enthusiastic mother pointing out weaver bird nests and the many butterflies that surround us when we go on a walk, even as my heart beats a little faster every time a stray dog joins us for the journey.
Listeners subjected the prime minister to numerous questions on the NHS, childcare costs and immigration during the programme on LBC
Theresa May was put on the spot by a doctor considering resigning over understaffing in the NHS and low morale caused by the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, as they took questions from members of the public on an LBC radio phone-in.
The prime minister was told by Romeena from Leeds that healthcare professionals were finding it “near impossible” to provide safe care for their patients. The paediatrician said they were considering resignation after 12 years “because things have got so bad on the shop floor” and questioned why Hunt was still in their job following the doctors' strikes.
“I've witnessed organ transplants being cancelled because there haven't been enough nurses to provide post-operative care,” the doctor said. “Whatever the government is doing, it is clearly not enough – and you have reappointed as health secretary somebody who has demoralised the whole workforce.
Why should Theresa May have to answer questions about their childlessness? | Afua Hirsch Read more
“It seems like you stand up and support somebody who allowed junior doctors to go on strike, who seems to be allowing nurses to go on strike and that doesn't fall in line with what the front line of the NHS want to see.”
May dodged a question about whether they knew how unpopular Hunt was and maintained they had sorted out the row with junior doctors over their pay and conditions satisfactorily.
“What I would say is Jeremy Hunt has done a very good job in saying to everyone what we need to focus on is the quality of care,” they said, adding that they had experienced care as a type 1 diabetic.
The prime minister claimed the Conservatives had responded to a request from the NHS for £10bn by 2010 in real terms, although this figure is disputed, and that more money would be going to A&E departments because more people are going to be treated there.
May was hit with tough questions from members of the public over the state of public services, their record on failing to meet the Conservative target on immigration, low morale in the armed forces and insufficient help with childcare.
A listener called Sophia, who also worked in the NHS, said they were thinking of voting Labour because they were not yet convinced that May was helping the “just-about-managing” people with childcare costs of around £700 a month.
“I think it's great you've increased it to 30 hours for three- and four-year-olds but there is a great gap there for two-year-olds,” the listener said.
May cited cutting the personal allowance and free hours of childcare for three and four years, but acknowledged there was “more work to do” when it came to helping just managing families with their costs.
Nick Ferrari, the LBC interviewer, interjected many times with follow-up questions, pressing the prime minister particularly on whether they would be raising taxes, as the party looks set to abandon its promise not to raise VAT, income tax or national insurance for the next five years.
They declined at least three times to say they would make that promise for the full parliament, saying: “We are a party that believes in actually trying to ensure we have low taxes ... we have no plans to increase the level of tax but what I'm saying is that's because we are party that believes in a low tax ... as a government, we would go into government with no plans to raise the level of tax.”
May was confronted with remarks made earlier on Thursday by their predecessor, David Cameron, who said May needed to win a strong majority in the election so they could stand up to people in the UK and Europe who wanted an “extreme Brexit”. They said Cameron had been right about the need for the election but the reason for that was the requirement for “the security, the stability for five years of greater certainty that can take us through Brexit and beyond”.
The half-hour programme contained personal revelations from May, as they talked about being “very sad” not to have had children with their husband Philip. “Of course, we are not the only couple that finds ourselves in that situation and when you do I suppose you just get on with life,” they said.
Asked if they had been able to devote so much of themselves to work if they had children, May replied: “I look at some of my parliamentary colleagues and people who have been in the cabinet who had children and yes, they do apply themselves, they are just very well organised. I think that is the key thing.”
And amid reported tensions with Philip Hammond, their chancellor, the prime minister raised some eyebrows by claiming that the most important Philip in Downing Street was the one who shared their flat in No 10 rather than the political occupant of No 11.
The prime minister did not shy away from talking about their faith in the interview; they said their Christianity helped them through the death of their father and mother when they were in their 20s.
They also discussed their love of cooking, saying they have more than 100 cookery books and would make Donald Trump a slow roast shoulder of lamb if the US president came to dinner.
The mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico blasted President Donald Trump's meeting with local leaders on the island Tuesday as a public relations stunt.
“There was no exchange with anybody, with none of the mayors,” Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz said on MSNBC.
They called out Trump for the bizarre moment when they tossed paper towels to storm survivors in need of supplies after Hurricane Maria left many on the island without basic necessities.
“This terrible and abominable view of them throwing paper towels and throwing provisions at people, it does not embody the spirit of the American nation,” Cruz said. “That is not the land of the free and the home of the brave, that beacon of democracy that people have learned to look up to across the world.”
They also said the president had a communications problem and called them the “miscommunicator-in-chief.”
There's video of Trump shooting paper towels into the crowd and it does not disappoint pic.twitter.com/KPfJ1AeAqk — Caleb Ecarma (@calebecarma) October 3, 2017
Cruz made headlines last week when they slammed the federal government for its slow response to the storm and pleaded for help from anyone able to provide it.
“I am going to do what I never thought I would do. I am begging, begging anyone who can hear us to save us from dying,” Cruz said in a tearful news conference last Friday. “We are dying, and you are killing us with inefficiency and bureaucracy.”
On Twitter, Trump claimed the mayor had been told by Democrats that they must be “nasty” to him.
Quotes |Notes | Box Score | Stats | USATSI Photo Gallery | USATSI Photo Gallery
OCTOBER 15, 2016 -- The University of Notre Dame football team dropped to 2-5 on the season with a 17-10 loss to Stanford (4-2) in front of a sellout crowd at Notre Dame Stadium Saturday evening. The Irish led 10-0 at halftime, but Stanford posted an interception return for touchdown, safety, long touchdown drive and two-point conversion in the game's final 30 minutes for a victory.
Notre Dame was able to mount a desperate drive in the final minutes of the fourth quarter, but Stanford stopped the Irish on fourth-and-10 at the 14-yard line on the game's final play to earn the win.
Notre Dame enters its bye week before welcoming Miami (Fla.) on October 29 at Notre Dame Stadium. Stanford will play host to Colorado next weekend in Palo Alto, California.
HOW IT HAPPENED:
Notre Dame took the lead with 1:57 left in the first quarter on an impressive drive covering 74 yards in six plays, much of it via the Irish running game with long runs from DeShone Kizer and Tarean Folston.
The Irish tacked on a Justin Yoon 29-yard field goal at 6:49 of the second quarter while the Notre Dame defense held the Cardinal to 55 yards in the game's second 15 minutes. Senior Cole Luke's interception with 0:42 remaining in the half snuffed out a possible Stanford scoring opportunity and the Irish entered halftime with a 10-0 lead.
That lead did not last long, however, as Stanford kicked off to the Irish to begin the second half and three straight Josh Adams runs gave the Irish a first down at the Notre Dame 33-yard line. Kizer dropped back to pass on first down and was intercepted by Quenton Meeks at midfield, who returned the ball 50 yards for Stanford's first touchdown of the game.
The teams then traded turnovers, a second interception by Kizer on fourth and seven at the Stanford 38-yard line ended a Notre Dame scoring chance, but Jarron Jones forced a fumble on a sack on the next Cardinal possession to get the Irish the ball back.
Notre Dame turned to Malik Zaire at quarterback for an offensive spark, but Zaire could not get the Irish offense on track in their first series. The Irish defense stepped up again to get the offense back on the field at their own five-yard line with 1:20 remaining in the quarter.
The first snap of the series sailed over Zaire's head, however, for a safety and Stanford drove the length of the field for the game-winning touchdown after the free kick. Notre Dame would get two more chances with the ball, a three-and-out with Zaire under center, then the last-minute drive with Kizer back on the field that ended at the Cardinal 14-yard line.
PLAY OF THE GAME:
Jarron Jones sack, forced fumble, fumble recovery.
Graduate student Jarron Jones provided the Irish a spark in the third quarter, beating the Stanford center one-on-one, sacking quarterback Ryan Burns, forcing a fumble then leaping over Burns to recover the ball.
PLAYERS OF THE GAME:
OFFENSE: Tarean Folston, eight attempts, 49 yards, 6.1 average.
Folston, returning to the lineup after missing the previous two games with an ankle injury, provided instant energy to the Notre Dame rushing attack in the first quarter.
DEFENSE: James Onwualu, five tackles, three passes broken up, one forced fumble.
Senior captain Onwualu came into the game with four career passes broken up, then added three to their career total in today's game along with five tackles.
STAT OF THE GAME:
Stanford seven of 12 on third down in the game.
The Cardinal were able to convert on 58 percent of their third down attempts, while the Irish ended up five of 14 at 35 percent.
NOTES OF THE GAME:
Notre Dame's three takeaways (two fumble recoveries, one interception) established a season-high for the Irish defense. Notre Dame also prevented Stanford from entering the red zone on each of its first seven offensive possessions.
After Stanford gained 117 yards on 20 offensive plays in the first quarter, the Notre Dame defense held the Cardinal to 55 yards on 13 plays from scrimmage in the second quarter. Stanford mustered only 53 yards on 11 offensive plays during the third quarter.
TURNING POINT:
Notre Dame safety at 1:17 of the third quarter.
Notre Dame still held a 10-7 advantage in the game and Malik Zaire was out on the field to begin their second drive of the game. Backed up to their own five-yard line, Zaire was unable to field a snap over their head that sailed out of the back of the end zone to give Stanford two points and eventual possession of the ball after the Notre Dame free kick.
Stanford then drove 11 plays in 5:39 to score the game-winning touchdown, tacking on on a two-point conversion for the 17-10 final score.
If Andrew Bogut had got their way Matthew Dellavedova would be wearing a Golden State Warriors singlet in the NBA Finals, not lining up against them with LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Bogut's intriguing pursuit of the tough point guard from country Victoria happened around the 2013 NBA Draft.
If Bogut had had their way, Matthew Dellavedova would be playing for the Warriors right now. Credit:Getty Images
Dellavedova was left sitting on the shelf, bypassed by all 30 NBA teams, and star centre Bogut, who arrived at the Warriors the year before in a controversial multi-player trade, had a chat with Golden State general manager Bob Myers.
"I was trying to get them (Dellavedova) here actually, but we didn't have a roster spot at the time," Bogut revealed to reporters after a training session.
You must have heard by now that Iceland is crazy expensive, so it's not easy to map out a budget vacation in Reykjavík. But that's why we're here – to do all the hard work for you.
You see, for most Icelanders, every day is a budget vacation in Reykjavík. We can't all afford to eat out every day and pay huge amounts of money for entertainment. So, I've compiled a list of my favorite things to do with the family or my significant other, when the budget is pretty tight. I truly hope you enjoy my little list.
Our swimming pools kick ass
Iceland is known for it's public swimming pools, where Icelanders flock to bathe, swim and relax in the thermal water. If you're traveling with children, this is the perfect budget friendly activity, especially on a nice and warm summer day. Well, as warm as it gets here in Iceland.
My favorite swimming pools in the capital area are Breiðholt swimming pool, Kópavogur swimming pool and Lágafell swimming pool in Mosfellsbær. If you don't want to venture outside of the capital, I recommend you visit Vesturbær swimming pool, which is by many considered the best pool in the capital area.
For only a few hundred ISK you can spend a couple of hours soaking up in the warm water, take a steam bath, jump in a freezing cold tub and play around with the little ones in the slides. Just remember to shower naked before you enter the pool and you'll be fine.
Rent a bike
If you want to experience Reykjavík on wheels, I recommend you rent a bike. It's only 4900 ISK for 24 hours and if the weather is nice, it's a blast just biking freely around the city, stopping at every attraction or whatever catches your eye.
If you do rent a bike, you can easily bike to Grótta lighthouse at Seltjarnarnes, a few kilometers outside of down town Reykjavík. It's a beautiful area with a rich bird life and amazing paths that can lead you to gems you might not have seen otherwise.
Another beautiful spot in Reykjavík which you can visit while you have the bike is geothermal beach Nauthólsvík. It will only take you a few minutes to bike to the beach from the city center, but it's also easily reached by bus if biking is not your thing.
Nauthólsvík is a man-made beach where you can join in on one of Iceland's newest sport, sea bathing, lay around on the beach, play a game of volleyball or bathe in the heated tubs. There is no admission to the beach or its changing rooms in the summertime but in wintertime you have to pay a fee of 600 ISK.
So, biking is not only a budget friendly option on your holiday in Reykjavík, it's also an extremely environmental friendly one. It's a win-win situation!
Reykjavík by foot
If you don't feel like biking, it's easy as pie to see some of Reykjavík's most famous attractions by foot.
Harpa Music Hall and Hallgrímskirkja church are located smack down in the heart of Reykjavík and there's no admission to get in.
The church is 73 meters, or 244 feet high, and for a small fee you can make your way to the top of the church with an amazing view of Reykjavík. It really is a must-do.
Entering Harpa is truly amazing, with it's glass facade designed by Ólafur Elíasson. When you're done admiring this beautiful building by the Reykjavík harbor, I suggest you take a stroll in the direction away from town and head on out to Sólfarið, the Sun Voyager, a sculpture by Jón Gunnar Árnason. It's an ode to the sun, shaped like a boat, and you can even climb on top of it if you dare. Talk about a photo opportunity!
Another attraction that doesn't require admission is Perlan. One of my favorite buildings in Reykjavík. It's located in Öskjuhlíð where the hot water storage tanks that define the building were in usage for decades. In 1991 a hemispherical structure was placed on top of the tanks and so Perlan, or The Pearl, was born.
Downstairs is a little pond, with a fountain regularly spouting water all the way to the top floor. I really like that feature. It brings out the child in me. If you make your way to the fourth floor you will find a viewing deck with panoramic telescopes on each of the six corners of the desk. So you can basically walk around the building and admire an extensive view of Reykjavík and its surroundings. Pretty awesome.
And if you don't feel like exploring Reykjavík on your own, you can join the free walking tours of Reykjavík, like City Walk Reykjavík or Free Walking Tour Reykjavík. They are fun and entertaining and don't cost a thing. Although I should mention that the guides do appreciate a reasonable tip after the tour.
Whatever you do, make sure you stop by the Reykjavík pond and observe the ducks and swans. It's especially beautiful at sunset. And it's free – perfect for your budget vacation in Reykjavík itinerary.
Chocolate and hot dogs
If you're after some cheap food in Reykjavík you will be disappointed. The cheapest meal you will find is at the little hot dog stand down town called Bæjarins Beztu. They make the most glorious Icelandic hot dogs and if you don't believe me, ask former US president Bill Clinton. They loved it! Granted, you will have to wait in line to get the world famous hot dog but it's totally worth it!
Also, be on the lookout for lunch offers at restaurants around town. Sometimes you can get an absolute bargain, according to Icelandic standards, on fine dining.
Another thing I recommend to connoisseur of cuisine is the Omnom chocolate factory tour. I love it so much I even wrote a blog about it! For only 3000 ISK you get a sugary sweet chocolate education, get to try more chocolate than you can eat and walk around the Omnom chocolate factory in Reykjavík. This tour is worth every penny, and then some!
The city card is your best bet
One of your bests bets to have a budget vacation in Reykjavík is to buy the Reykjavík City Card. It's totally worth it if you want to visit more than one museum, use the city bus to get around or bathe in the swimming pools in the capital. Kids also go free at the Reykjavík Zoo and family park and included in the card are free ferry trips to Viðey Island. All this for only 3700 ISK per adult and 1500 ISK per 24 hours. If you're staying in Reykjavík for a weekend, I recommend buying the 72 hours city card for 5900 ISK per adults and 3300 ISK per children. Oh, and you get some cool discounts in various restaurants, attractions and activities.
That's it for now. I hope some of this has been helpful and I hope that your vacation in Iceland will be lovely – whether you have a limited budget or plenty of cash to spend.
Telecom regulator TRAI plans to strengthen its MySpeed app, which measures mobile data speeds, and will also make its evaluation method more transparent after consultation with operators, its chairperson R S Sharma said. Some operators had complained about methods and results of the TRAI's MySpeed app, and the regulator will soon come
out with a white paper on underlying methodology and algorithms used by the said app for calculating data speeds of
various service providers.
Advertising
“We have also contacted Ookla and others. We are trying to understand what their methods are … We would like all
stakeholders to sit together and come to a conclusion over most appropriate methodology,” the TRAI chairperson said.
The regulator will also take suggestions from operators on the issue, they said. “We will sit together with the operators and take their suggestions as what should be an agreed methodology so there are no such complaints,” Sharma said on the sidelines of the TRAI's open house discussion on ‘data speed under wireless broadband plans'.
After strengthening the service quality norms for voice calls, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) is now focusing its attention on benchmarks for data experience of consumers. TRAI hopes to finalise, by month-end, views on parameters for measuring data speeds for wireless broadband. “There were large number of quality of service (norms) for voice (offerings) like call drops. Data has recently started becoming prominent, and voice is now an application on top of data. So there is a need to have much better grip on the QoS in the data world,” they added.
Sharma said that both TRAI's views on the data speed issue and its white paper on MySpeed app will be out by the
month-end. “Work on both the aspects will happen simultaneously,” they said. While operators had previously stated that having a minimum guaranteed data speed would be difficult in the wireless world, TRAI is looking at suitable parameters, say average speed, that could serve as a benchmark.
Advertising
In its consultation paper on wireless broadband data speeds, TRAI has also sought industry's views on whether
information on wireless broadband speeds currently being disclosed is enough for consumers to make informed choices. It has asked if average speed can be specified by service providers. The consultation also touches on other related issues such as the need to revisit service quality parameters or existing benchmarks stipulated in the regulations.
95 Questions
The following are ninety-five questions that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints will not honestly address or rectify. These questions demonstrate why people are leaving the Church in droves. If answers can be provided for these questions that are consistent with what we are taught in the Church, it will be means of rescuing many lost souls. If these questions cannot be answered, the thought must be considered that the Church is not what it claims to be. Just as any good Mormon should, we only care for truth, wherever it might lead.
Further Reading and Sources:
A national survey by Pew Research Center reveals how distrustful the American public feels about the media; 65 percent say the national news media impacts the country negatively.
Among conservative Republicans and Republican leaners, a whopping 82 percent say the national news media has a negative impact.
Americans simply don't trust the federal government—only 19 percent believe they can trust the government in Washington to do what is right, with a paltry 3 percent qualifying that statement as “just about always” and 16 percent specifying, “most of the time.”
A twenty-two-point rise has occurred among Americans saying the government needs “very major reform,” from 37 percent in 1997 to 59 percent today. 32 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents feel anger toward the government; only 12 percent of Democrats and Democratic leaners agree. 25 percent of whites feel anger at the feds; 17 percent of Hispanics and 12 percent of blacks agree.
Interestingly, Pew omitted the president personally when asking what Americans were angry at, though the survey included Congress. The survey only mentioned Barack Obama when linked with the leftist agenda. Unsurprisingly, among the Republicans angry at government, 64 percent saw Donald Trump favorably; Ted Cruz, Ben Carson, and Marco Rubio also garnered more support from “angry” voters than non-angry voters.
53 percent of respondents want a smaller government with fewer services, while 38 percent desire a bigger government with more services. 87 percent of conservative GOPers prefer a smaller government, 67 percent of liberal Democrats want a bigger government with more services.
89 percent of Republicans distrust the government, and 72 percent of Democrats agree. On average, 13 percent of Republicans have said, during Obama's tenure, that they can trust the government, the lowest level of average trust among either party during any administration dating back 40 years.
A huge disparity was found that clearly indicates what the Republican Party needs to focus on in 2016: 94 percent of respondents want the federal government to protect them from terror, while only 61 percent of respondents want the federal government to ensure access to health care and 55 percent want it to help people get out of poverty. According to NBC/WSJ polls over the last 15 years, the GOP has been trusted far more on national security than Democrats. The disparity has looked like this:
September 2014 R-54, D-16
February 2013 R-45, D-19
June 2006 R-42, D-18
November 2005 R-43, D-22
January 2004 R-53, D-16
December 13, 2003 R-54, D-18
June 2002 R-50, D-11
June 2001 R-55, D- 14
December 1999 R- 46, D-18
Considering that the American public traditionally trusts the GOP mire on defense and security issues, the party would do well to focus on guns, not butter.
A tipping point has been reached. With the exception of a few unique use cases, it no longer makes sense to build and maintain your mobile applications using native frameworks and native development teams.
If you're interested in learning more about React Native for your company or team, check out React Native Training.
The cost of native mobile application development has been spiraling out of control for the past few years. It has become increasingly difficult for new startups without substantial funding to create native apps, MVPs and prototypes. Existing companies, who need to hold on to talent in order to iterate on existing applications or build new applications, are fighting tooth and nail with companies from all around the world and will do whatever it takes to retain the best of the best.
Cost of developing an MVP early 2015, Native vs Hybrid (Comomentum.com)
So what does this mean for all of us?
If you are a huge company or you are flush with cash, the old thinking was that as long as you threw enough money at native application development, you did not have anything to worry about. This is no longer the case.
Facebook, the last company in the world who you would think of as behind in the war for talent (because they aren't), was facing problems with their native app that money could not fix. The application had gotten so large and complex that they were seeing compilation times of up to 15 minutes for their mobile app. This means that even testing minor user interface changes, like moving something around by a couple of points, could take hours (or even days).
In addition to the long compilation times, any time they needed to test a small change to their app the update needed to be implemented and tested in two completely different environments (iOS and Android) with teams working with different languages and frameworks, muddying the waters even more.
Facebook's solution to this problem is React Native.
What about ditching Mobile Apps for Web only?
Some people think mobile apps are doomed. While I really enjoy and respect Eric Elliott and their work, let's take a look at some recent data and discuss some opposing viewpoints:
Time spent in mobile apps (April 2016, smartinsights.com)
90% of Time on Mobile is Spent in Apps
There are 2.5 billion people on mobile phones in the world right now. That number is going to be 5 billion sooner than we think. It is absolutely insane to think that leaving 4.5 billion people out of your business or application makes sense in most scenarios.
The old argument was that native mobile application development was too expensive for most companies. While this was true, the cost of web development is also on the rise, with the average salary of a JavaScript developer in the US being in the range of $97,000.00.
With the increased complexity and skyrocketing demand for high quality web development, the average price for a JavaScript developer is inching towards that of a Native developer. Arguing that web development is cheaper is no longer a valid argument.
What about Hybrid?
Hybrid apps are HTML5 apps that are wrapped inside of a native container and provide access to native platform features. Cordova and PhoneGap are prime examples.
If you're looking to build an MVP, prototype, or are not worried about the user experience mimicking that of a native app, then a hybrid app may work for you, keeping in mind the entire project will need to be rewritten if you do end up wanting to go native.
There are many innovative things going on in this space, my favorite being the Ionic Framework. Hybrid is getting better and better, but it is still not as fluid or natural feeling as Native.
For many companies, including most serious startups as well as medium and large sized companies, hybrid apps may not deliver the quality that they want and that their customers demand, leaving the feeling unpolished and less professional.
While I have read and heard that of the top 100 apps on the app store, zero of them are hybrid, I have not been able to back up this claim with evidence, but I would not doubt if the number were between zero and 5, and this is for a reason.
Our Biggest Mistake Was Betting Too Much On HTML5 — Mark Zuckerberg
The solution
If you've been keeping up with the mobile development landscape you have undoubtedly heard of projects such as NativeScript and React Native.
These projects allow you to build native quality mobile applications with JavaScript and use the same fundamental UI building blocks as regular iOS and Android apps.
With React Native you can have a single engineer or team of engineers specialize in cross platform mobile app development, native desktop development, and even web development using the existing codebase or the underlying technology, shipping your applications to the App Store, the Play Store, and the Web for a fraction of the traditional cost without losing out on the benefits of native performance and quality.
It is not unheard of for React Native apps to reuse up to 90% of their code across platforms, though the range is usually between 80% and 90%.
If your company is using React Native, it eliminates the divide between teams resulting in more consistency in both the UI and the APIs being built, speeding up the development time.
There is no need for compilation with React Native, as the app updates instantly when saving, also speeding up development time.
React Native also allows you to use tools such as Code Push and AppHub to remotely update your JavaScript code. This means that you can push updates, features, and bug fixes instantly to your users, bypassing the labor of bundling, submitting, and having your app accepted to the App and Google play stores, a process that can take between 2 and 7 days (the App Store being the main pain point in this process). This is something that is not possible with native apps, though is possible with hybrid apps.
If innovation in this space continues as it has been since it's release, in the future you will even be able to build for platforms such as the Apple Watch , Apple TV, and Tizen to name a few.
NativeScript is still fairly new as the framework powering it, Angular 2, was just released out of beta a few months ago, but it too has a promising future as long as Angular2 holds on to a decent share of the market.
What you may not know is that some of the most innovative and largest technology companies in the world are betting big on these types of technologies, specifically React Native.
I have also spoken to and am I working with multiple enterprise and fortune 500 companies currently making the switch to React Native.
Notably Using React Native in Production
Along with the below examples, here is a list of notable apps using React Native.
Facebook
React Native Apps by Facebook
Facebook is now using React Native for both Ads Manager and Facebook Groups, and will be implementing the framework to power it's news feed.
Facebook also spends a lot of money creating and maintaining open source projects such as React Native, and they and their open source developers have done a fantastic job lately by creating a lot of awesome projects that people like me and businesses all around the world benefit greatly from using on a daily basis.
Instagram
Instagram
React Native has been implemented in parts of the Instagram mobile app.
Airbnb
Airbnb
Much of Airbnb is being rewritten in React Native (via Leland Richardson)
Over 90% of the Airbnb Trips Platform is written in React Native (via spikebrehm)
Vogue
Vogue Top 10 apps of 2016
Vogue stands out not only because it was also written in React Native, but because it was ranked as one of the 10 Best Apps of the Year, according to Apple.
Walmart
Walmart Labs
Check out this blog post by Keerti to learn more about how Walmart is taking advantage of React Native.
Microsoft
Microsoft is betting heavily on React Native.
They have already release multiple open source tools, including Code Push, React Native VS Code, and React Native Windows, in the shift towards helping developers in the React Native space.
Their thoughts behind this are that if people are already building their apps using React Native for iOS and Android, and they can reuse up to 90% of their code, then shipping to Windows costs them little extra relative to the cost && time already spent building the app in the first place.
Microsoft has contributed extensively to the React Native ecosystem and have done an excellent job in the Open Source space over the past few years.
Conclusion
React Native and similar technologies are the next step and a paradigm shift in how we will build mobile UIS and mobile applications.
Companies
If your company is looking to cut costs and speed up development time without compromising on quality or performance, React Native is ready for prime time and will benefit your bottom line.
Developers
If you are a developer and want to enter into an rapidly evolving space with substantial future upside, I would highly recommend looking at adding React Native to your list of things to learn.
If you know JavaScript, you can hit the ground running very quickly, and I would recommend first trying it out using Exponent and seeing what you think. Exponent allows developers to easily build, test ,and deploy cross platform React Native apps on both Windows and macOS.
If you are already a native Developer, you will benefit especially because you will be able to competently dig into the native side of things when needed, something that is not needed often but when needed is a highly valuable skill to have on a team.
I have spent a lot of my time learning and teaching others about React Native because I am extremely excited about it and it is just plain fun to create apps using the framework.
Thanks for reading.
My Name is Nader Dabit . I am a Developer Advocate at AWS Mobile working with projects like AppSync and Amplify, and the founder of React Native Training.
If you enjoyed this article, please recommend and share it! Thanks for your time
A Public University Acquires A Big For-Profit, And Raises Big Questions
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
In a move that's being called "bold" and "out of the blue," Indiana's Purdue University is acquiring the for-profit Kaplan University. In announcing the deal last week, Purdue President Mitch Daniels said it was designed to open the university up to a vast new pool of students nationwide.
"We cannot honor our land-grant mission in the 21st century without reaching out to the 36 million working adults, 750,000 of them in our state, who started but did not complete a college degree, and to the 56 million Americans with no college credit at all."
Kaplan U's 32,000 students will transition to a new entity. Nicknamed "New U" for now, it will be part of the public Purdue system, yet financially self-sustaining. Kaplan Inc., also known for its test-prep business, will contract with New U to share revenue and provide services described as "back-office support."
The deal is eye-catching, but also part of a trend. Over the past decade dozens of nonprofit universities have contracted with private companies to expand their online offerings. For example, Arizona State University works with Pearson, and the University of Southern California with a company called 2U. Florida A&M and South Carolina State, both historically black institutions, have partnered with the University of Phoenix. In an atmosphere of ever-skinnier state budgets, these programs enable universities to reach a global market, cater to working adults, and potentially increase revenue without expensive capital investment.
These deals are "one of the least recognized factors" in the changing landscape of higher education, says Paul LeBlanc, the president of Southern New Hampshire University. Even as enrollment at big, publicly traded for-profit colleges has been falling, LeBlanc says, partnerships constitute "a for-profit industry operating almost at stealth mode across the country."
LeBlanc is very familiar with this shift. Southern New Hampshire, a nonprofit private university based in Manchester, has built up its own online program to be one of the five largest in the country.
"From the Kaplan perspective," the company's CEO, Andrew Rosen said in an interview with Purdue's public radio station, "the opportunity to have an institution like Purdue, with the name, the reputation, that long-term mission orientation ... was very powerful."
LeBlanc agrees. "The first big flagship state university to move into this space, if they can pull it off, is poised to be a pretty big player online."
That may be great for Purdue's brand and Kaplan's financial future, but what about the students and taxpayers of Indiana? Compared with other such arrangements, this deal has raised many questions.
First, almost six months of negotiations were kept secret from most university stakeholders. Then, details of new state legislation blessing the union of Kaplan and Purdue came to light. The Lafayette Journal & Courier reported this week that by amendment to the state budget, passed the same day that New U was announced, the entity will be exempt from Indiana open-door laws, access to public records and public accounting rules.
Mitch Daniels has close ties to legislators as a former Republican governor of Indiana, and Purdue officials helped write the legislation, the paper reported.
Steve Schultz, Purdue legal counsel, provided a statement to NPR Ed:
"Purdue views this opportunity as an extension of its land-grant mission to address an unmet need." They said the new law establishes New U as "a separate corporation" that "falls outside the definition of a 'public agency' under Indiana's access laws" and added, "because Purdue's new unit will neither receive nor use any taxpayer funds, that rationale for requiring public access does not apply."
Robert Shireman of the Century Foundation, a critic of for-profit universities, has examined the Kaplan-Purdue financial disclosure as well as hundreds of similar agreements. "It became scarier the deeper I went into the fine print," they tell NPR Ed. "I think this is an existential threat to public education."
In a piece for the Chronicle of Higher Education, Shireman outlined three major concerns:
First, they contend the deal gives Kaplan veto power over New U's budget, marketing and financial aid decisions. "This publicly traded company is answerable to shareholders who want to spend as little as possible on education and charge as much as possible to students," Shireman tells NPR Ed. "Will Kaplan's representatives advise low-income students that they are taking on too much debt? Probably not. That's the kind of problem we've seen over and over in the for-profit sector."
Brian Zink, a spokesperson for Purdue, responded: "Kaplan absolutely does not have veto power over the budget of the new university. The board of New University controls the budget and has control over the entire university."
This board is to be made up of five current Purdue trustees and one Kaplan trustee. The budget will be recommended to this board by an advisory committee that is evenly balanced between Purdue and Kaplan representatives.
Second, says Shireman, the deal places few limits on how Kaplan Inc. can market other services and programs to prospective New U students. These sales leads are valued in the millions of dollars in other deals Shireman has reviewed.
And third, the Purdue-Kaplan deal is designed to last 30 years, with significant financial penalties for pulling out early. This potentially exposes Purdue, and Indiana taxpayers, to financial losses and even legal liabilities. The latter could become a problem if New U engages in the kinds of abuses mentioned in a 2009 Senate investigation, which accused Kaplan of using predatory marketing tactics, and putting more money toward recruitment and profits than education. Kaplan was, however, credited in a 2012 follow-up investigation with engaging in "the most significant reforms" of any for-profit college studied.
So how does all this add up to an "existential threat" to public education, according to Shireman? Well, in Daniels' presentation to the board of trustees, they said that New U would be "financially positive." Translation: this could be a means to supplement, and over time supplant, state support for the university system.
"It's a possibility," says Shireman, "that this is a way to bring in a whole lot of money that they can pour into reducing the state subsidy to the core public university. And then it's always difficult, once you've cut state funding, to restore it."
LeBlanc sees the same pattern. "With the decline in support, states are all being forced to find new revenue sources," they say. "Will that further reinforce the attitude among legislators that, 'Hey, you can fend for yourself?' "
This post has been updated.
Prosecutor in Kalgoorlie gun trial suggests pastor 'shot first, asked questions later'
Posted
Prosecutors have used the final day of a Goldfields pastor's firearms trial to suggest they overreacted when they fired a weapon during a confrontation at a mine site.
Pastor and activist Geoffrey Stokes discharged the firearm during a confrontation at the Lady Liddington mine, 700km north-east of Perth, in October 2014.
Stokes alleges they fired the gun to gain the attention of workers at the site, while prosecutors allege they did it to intimidate them.
Questioning Stokes on Friday morning, police prosecutor Thomas Banyard was quick to suggest the pastor had overreacted.
"Did you shoot first and ask questions later?" Senior Constable Banyard asked.
While Stokes conceded they had been angry, they rejected suggestions they were being violent or threatening.
"I never went down there to shoot anybody," they said.
Email suggests protest was planned
Key points: Pastor and activist Geoffrey Stokes is on trial after discharging a weapon at a mine 700km north-east of Perth
Stokes says they were trying to stop work near a sacred site
The prosecution today suggested Stokes had overreacted
Senior Constable Banyard also used their cross-examination to produce an email sent by Stokes's wife, paediatrician Christine Jeffries-Stokes.
Sent on the day of the confrontation, Dr Jeffries-Stokes's email labelled the mine a "desecration" and called for assistance.
"Geoffrey is there and going to protest to try and get the work to stop," Dr Jeffries-Stokes wrote.
Stokes confirmed they had called their wife before driving to the mine, and had wanted work to cease.
"I went down there to stop what was going on down there," Stokes said.
Pastor angered after being ignored
Asked why they chose to fire a gun rather than use a non-dangerous method of gaining the attention of workers, Stokes said they were tired of being ignored.
"I was screaming and shouting and carrying on … and they ignored me," they said.
"I didn't beep the horn, because they weren't listening."
Stokes said they were angered by the presence of the workers, accusing Darlex, the company running the mine, of failing to respect local culture.
"I'm a Wati [lawman]. I should have been told in 2012 they were going to be mining there," Stokes said.
But they said they did not check the mine's legality with the Departments of Aboriginal Affairs and Mines and Petroleum, telling the court they regarded both departments as an enemy to Aboriginal people.
Senior elder testifies to site's significant status
Following Stokes's testimony, elder Glen Cook took the stand in their defence.
One of the region's most senior lawmen, Mr Cook said a key songline ran directly through the mine site.
"If the site is being cleared, it is doing damage to the site. It affects us very much," they said.
Mr Cook rejected any suggestion they could be mistaken about the location.
"Our people don't mistake like white people do," they said.
The trial concluded today, but the defence and prosecution are expected to make further written submissions.
Magistrate John O'Sullivan is expected to deliver their verdict on June 12.
Topics: courts-and-trials, aboriginal, kalgoorlie-6430, laverton-6440
"We're going to welcome a man that's become such as great friend and a great blessing to us all. And we were talking a few weeks ago - you know, we were doing this series that God laid on my heart, "Getting to the Top And Staying There" - a message for us as individuals, the Kingdom of God, but also for America. It's not enough to get there, we need to stay there.
And it's not a coincidence that in a few weeks we go into what's called in the Bible Rosh Hashanah, "The Head of the Year". In a few weeks it'll be the very first day of the spiritual year. It'll be the spiritual year of the year 2012 - not in January but in a few weeks, 2012.
The number twelve means "divine government" - that God will begin to rule and reign. Not Wall Street, not Washington: God's people and Their Kingdom will begin to rule and reign.
I know that's why God got Rafael's son elected. Ted Cruz - the next senator. But here's the exciting thing, and that's why I know it's timely for them to teach this, and bring this anointing:
The rabbinical teaching is, especially amongst gentiles who God opens their eyes, that in a few weeks begins that year 2012, and that this will begin what we call "the end time transfer of wealth".
And that when these gentiles begin to receive this blessing, they will never go back financially through the valley again. They will go and grow and grow.
It's said this way: that God is looking at the Church, and everyone in it, and deciding in the next 3 and 1/2 years who will be Their bankers. And the ones that say "Here am I, Lord. You can trust me", we will become so blessed that we will usher in the coming of the Messiah.
This message is for you. Would you welcome our good friend Rafael Cruz ? What a tremendous man of God !
Rafael Cruz:
Praise God. What a blessing. The pastor referred to Proverbs 24:13, a little while ago, which says that the wealth of the wicked is stored for the righteous. And it is through the Kings, anointed to take dominion, that that transfer of wealth is going to occur.
God, even though he's sovereign, even though he's omnipotent - they don't just let it rain out of the sky; he's gonna use people to do it.
There are some of you, as a matter of fact I will dare to say the majority of you, that your anointing is not an anointing as priests. It's an anointing as kings. And God has given you an anointing to go to the battlefield.
And what's the battlefield ? The battlefield is the marketplace. To go to the marketplace
and occupy the land. To go to the marketplace and take dominion.
If you remember, the last time I was on this pulpit I talked to you about Genesis chapter 1 verse 28, where God says unto Adam and Eve, "go forth, multiply, take dominion over all creation."
And if you will recall, we talked about the fact that that dominion is not just in the Church. That dominion is over every area: society, education, government, economics.
[...]
But there is a second anointing. And it's the anointing of priests. I mean of kings - kings who are anointed for a totally different reason than priests. Kings who are anointed to take dominion. Kings who are anointed to go to war, win the war, and bring the spoils of war to the priests, so the work of the kingdom of God could be accomplished.
And I'll tell you - the king needed the blessing of the priest in order to be successful in battle. And as a matter of fact the Word of God, in Deuteronomy chapter 20 - and I'm not gonna go there but when you have a chance, read Deuteronomy chapter 20, verses one through four.
And it tells you, specifically, that before the king went to battle, the priests came and blessed the king and blessed the warriors. And the king needed the blessing of the priest, in order to be successful in battle. Because the Bible says that it's not by might or by power but by my spirit, says the Lord.
[...]
And they were successful in battle because God went with them. Now, the priest also needed for the king to be successful in battle. Because the priest needed the spoils of war in order to repair the temple, in order to carry out the ministry that God had entrusted him. So the king and the priests complemented each other. And they were both very, very interested in blessing one another.
[...]
Larry Huch:
God laid this on Rafael's heart, for right now - listen to me - in the next three and a half years, and we're not waiting three and a half years, it's the end time transfer of wealth.
[...]
You know, during the elections, and it just hit me as Rafael was up there and they were saying, this is the anointed by God - when I got a phone call, would I come to a meeting to meet Rafael Cruz and Ted Cruz, Tis and I had already received about 10 phone calls asking if we would get behind a candidate. Could we come and, could we come and speak at your church - one after another.
And when we were asked by some friends to come to this house, we said we'd not only meet Ted but we'd meet Rafael. Before I ever met Ted, I met Rafael. And I knew that if the son was like the dad, we could trust them to be our senator.
Amen ?
But here's what, here's what it came to me - Ted will be our next senator. And I gave Rafael a word the other day I said, "This is just the beginning. It's going to be much, much, much higher. But here's the deal - Ted Cruz is the real thing. But, they haven't become the real thing now that he's going to be senator.
They were the real thing when they were working as a clerk; they were the real thing when they were going through college; they didn't become faithful now that he's senator. He's going to become senator - and I believe some day either Supreme Court justice or vice president - but they were faithful back when they were a boy and God took that faithfulness, that's what God's saying to us right now, "Are you faithful where you are ?"
WHITMANOPOLY CALIFORNIA'S ELECTION BUYING GAME
RULES OF PLAY PREPARATION: Meg Whitman starts the game with $150 million. Jerry Brown gets $20 million and an autographed poster of Linda Ronstadt.
TOKENS: Brown travels around the board with a 1974 Plymouth. Whitman commandeers a wheelbarrow of cash.
SCANDAL: When a player lands on SCANDAL, they or they are caught in an orgy with Lindsay Lohan, Mel Gibson and the city manager of Bell, and is sent to
BAD PRESS. Do not pass DOUGH, do not collect campaign donations.
INCOME TAX: If a player lands on this space, they or they must propose a 20% tax hike to erase California's budget deficit. The player then automatically loses the election and the game is over. The same thing happens when a player lands on BUDGET AX and proposes drastic cuts to popular programs.
BORDER SECURITY: When a player lands here, they must take a stand on illegal immigration, inevitably alienating a large bloc of voters and losing one turn. Exception: Whitman may take both sides on the issue, one in their English TV ads and another in Spanish-language spots.
BUYING VOTES: Instead of houses and hotels, players who land on a community buy radio and TV ads, skywriting messages and attack mailers. Or they can hire Leonardo DiCaprio to plant ballot instructions in voters' minds. If both players land on the same space, a televised debate is held. However, the candidates must speak only in vague generalities and discuss inconsequential issues such as who should replace Ellen on "American Idol" and whether Comic-Con should move from San Diego to Anaheim.
DOUGH: Each time a player's token passes DOUGH, they or they receive new campaign donations. Whitman writes themselves a check for any amount. Brown holds a Hollywood fundraiser (costing them one turn), or instantly collects $1 million by kowtowing to public-employee unions. Meg Whitman starts the game with $150 million. Jerry Brown gets $20 million and an autographed poster of Linda Ronstadt.Brown travels around the board with a 1974 Plymouth. Whitman commandeers a wheelbarrow of cash.When a player lands on SCANDAL, they or they are caught in an orgy with Lindsay Lohan, Mel Gibson and the city manager of Bell, and is sent toBAD PRESS. Do not pass DOUGH, do not collect campaign donations.If a player lands on this space, they or they must propose a 20% tax hike to erase California's budget deficit. The player then automatically loses the election and the game is over. The same thing happens when a player lands on BUDGET AX and proposes drastic cuts to popular programs.When a player lands here, they must take a stand on illegal immigration, inevitably alienating a large bloc of voters and losing one turn. Exception: Whitman may take both sides on the issue, one in their English TV ads and another in Spanish-language spots.Instead of houses and hotels, players who land on a community buy radio and TV ads, skywriting messages and attack mailers. Or they can hire Leonardo DiCaprio to plant ballot instructions in voters' minds. If both players land on the same space, a televised debate is held. However, the candidates must speak only in vague generalities and discuss inconsequential issues such as who should replace Ellen on "American Idol" and whether Comic-Con should move from San Diego to Anaheim.Each time a player's token passes DOUGH, they or they receive new campaign donations. Whitman writes themselves a check for any amount. Brown holds a Hollywood fundraiser (costing them one turn), or instantly collects $1 million by kowtowing to public-employee unions. | More
Rahul Gandhi will face trial in the defamation case filed by right-wing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) over the Congress vice-president's allegations that it had killed Mahatma Gandhi.
Giving time till July 27 to the 46-year-old Congress leader to file their side of the argument, the Supreme Court today said Rahul should either "apologise or face trial".
"You must face trial, case must be decided on merits, whether what you spoke was for public good or not," said a bench headed by Justice Dipak Misra.
The bench further observed that individuals can't make wholesale denunciation of a organisation unless they can raise the defence of public good or truth.
Counsel for Gandhi told the court that the statement was made on the basis of a high court judgment.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala made it clear that there is no question of backing out. They said, "Whatever Rahul says, they think and speaks; their statements are borne out of facts, so there is no question of expressing regret."
Rahul has so far maintained that their statement blaming the RSS for Gandhi's assassination was based on a High Court judgment and on the basis of certain documents. The court observed that the statement was arguably made on the basis of a court verdict but the case must be decided on merits.
RSS activist Rajesh Kunte had filed the defamation suit in a Maharashtra court against Gandhi. The Congress vice-president then moved the Supreme Court for quashing of the defamation proceedings.
Hearing Gandhi's plea, the apex court told Kunte that the purpose of the defamation law was not to promote litigation.
RAHUL TURNS DOWN SUPREME COURT'S OFFER
At an election rally in March last year, Rahul had accused the BJP's ideological mentor of killing Mahatma Gandhi in 1948. Gandhi was gunned down by Nathuram Godse when they were on their way to address a prayer meeting in Delhi.
Rahul later turned down the Supreme Court's offer to express regret for their comment and preferred to pursue the defamation case.
ALSO READ:
Politics not Rahul Gandhi's cup of tea: Rebel Tripura Congress chief
Is Rahul Gandhi an albatross around the Congress's neck?
Bevan Robson and their family are ready to sell up and walk away from their banana farm.
The Australian banana industry's peak body says it is investigating buying a Queensland farm infected with a debilitating soil-borne disease to prevent it spreading.
A farm in Tully has been in quarantine since March last year when it tested positive for Panama Tropical Race 4, a disease with the potential to wipe out the Cavendish crop if it spreads.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.93 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.93 MB)
Load more chevron right
Australian Banana Growers' Council chairperson Doug Phillips said the industry now believed the best course of action would be for the 166-hectare farm to be sold, with the funds going to the Robson family who owns it.
"This whole situation has been difficult for them and trying to work out where they should be heading has been a big battle for them as much as anyone else.
We still only have it on the one farm so if we can contain it there, then that is the objective. Doug Phillips, chairperson, Australian Banana Growers' Council
"I think they're at a position now where they are prepared to discuss this option, I'm not saying it's a forgone conclusion or anything like that... it's probably too early to speculate on what that price might be, we are really only in the early stage of negotiations on that."
Banana buy-out enters unchartered biosecurity territory
No mechanism for a buy-out or compensation exists under the emergency plant pest response arrangements between the industry and state and federal governments, but Mr Phillips said negotiations on the purchase of the farm would involve all stakeholders.
"Yeah there is no formal structure so we are having discussions directly with the infected growers. It is most likely this is going to be a one-off.
"We still only have it on the one farm so if we can contain it there, then that is the objective."
The protocols are designed to make things as safe as reasonably possible but it's not as safe as making no movement on and off (the farm) so, I don't think it's a failure of the protocols. Doug Phillips, chairperson, Australian Banana Growers' Council
"If further detections are made, they would have to be looked at on an individual basis but I wouldn't like to think that people think that it's automatically going to be a buy-out option on the table. I think that's probably unlikely."
Mr Phillips said a voluntary levy introduced in the aftermath of the Panama outbreak had since been discontinued.
Proceeds from that one cent per kilogram levy, along with matching contributions from the Federal and Queensland governments, were paid to the Robsons and another banana-growing family affected by TR4 quarantines.
"Certainly if we want to achieve a buy-out, then we need to generate funds and we would be asking for grower contributions towards that if it gets to a point where something's on the table," Mr Phillips said.
Share Banana grower Bevan Robson has been left in limbo by authorities and the peak industry body, according to their legal adviser
Banana industry defends Panama protocol
Efforts to buy-out and shutdown the infected Tully Valley farm should not be seen as an admission of failure, according to the Australian Banana Growers' Council.
"The protocols are designed to make things as safe as reasonably possible but it's not as safe as making no movement on and off (the farm) so, I don't think it's a failure of the protocols," Mr Phillips said.
"I'm not suggesting compliance with the protocols is necessarily easy, I think there are a number of challenges that are quite significant there.
"I've said this right from the very start, you do not want to get this disease so all steps you can take to remain free of this disease, including on-farm biosecurity measures, are absolutely critical.
"I have no doubt that trying to continue to grow bananas with TR4 is going to be challenging and challenging for a lot of people.
"It doesn't mean it's impossible, doesn't mean there's not opportunities there but it's something that if you can avoid, that's certainly by far and away the best option."
CLOSE But says they will remain as a member of the state House of Representatives. Wochit
Kentucky House Speaker Jeff Hoover talks to media during a press conference in Frankfort. Nov. 5, 2017. (Photo11: James Crisp/Special to Courier J)
LOUISVILLE — State Rep. Jeff Hoover said in a tearful statement Sunday that they would resign as the Speaker of the House.
"The decision today is what is best for Kentucky at this time ... I am resigning at this time as Speaker of the House," Hoover said.
Kentucky House Speaker Pro Tem David Osborne, a Prospect Republican, released a statement Sunday saying they will take over as acting speaker and said the House will follow “constitutional and legal protocols regarding House leadership in the future.”
More: Harvey Weinstein scandal: Accuser Asia Argento urges Uma Thurman to speak
More: Tenn. lawmaker resigns amid allegations of inappropriate sexual contact
Hoover will not be resigning their House seat. They did not take questions at the conference but stated that they denied all the allegations during the reported sexual harassment settlement.
"To say that the past few weeks and days have been trying and difficult for me and my family would be an understatement," Hoover said in a statement. "I ask for your forgiveness."
Hoover's troubles began Wednesday when Courier Journal broke the news that they had reached a confidential settlement with a woman on their staff who accused them of sexual harassment. The woman, whom Courier Journal is not identifying because they say they were sexually harassed, has declined to comment. A lawyer for the woman also has declined to comment.
In the wake of the allegations, Gov. Matt Bevin and other Republican leaders called on anyone involved in the settlement to resign.
CLOSE Gov. Matt Bevin calls for immediate resignations of everyone named and everyone complicit. Tom Loftus/Courier Journal
"These alleged actions, which haven't been denied, are reprehensible, indefensible and unacceptable," Bevin said at a press conference Saturday. "Any elected official or state employee who has settled a sexual harassment claim should resign immediately. The people of Kentucky deserve better."
Hours afterward, eight influential Republican House members released an extraordinary statement demanding immediate resignations of any House member who is involved in the settlement.
The demand also came as Courier Journal reported three other Republican lawmakers and a staff member were involved in the settlement of the sexual harassment claims.
In recent weeks, major figures in film, media and politics have been accused of wrongful behavior, and some have lost their positions, including Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, film director James Toback, journalist and author Mark Halperin and NPR executive Michael Oreskes. Even 93-year-old former president George H.W. Bush has been accused of groping women and apologized for their behavior.
Follow Tom Loftus and Thomas Novelly on Twitter: @TomLoftus_CJ and @TomNovelly
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2hIZlTa
U.S. President Donald Trump has informed multiple individuals, including EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, that they intend to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement, according several sources.
On Saturday night, Axios reported the news based on “three sources with direct knowledge.”
Breitbart News has independently confirmed this reporting and that Trump has told others the same thing: that they plan to withdraw the U.S. from the agreement.
Earlier on Saturday, the President tweeted from Italy that they would make their final decision next week as to whether the U.S. will remain in the Paris Accord. They were in Italy for the G7 summit at the end of their first overseas trip, which was preceded by visits to Saudi Arabia, Israel, the Vatican, and Brussels.
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 27, 2017
While at the G7 summit, Trump was heavily lobbied to endorse the Paris Climate Agreement, but they declined to do so. The agreement was entered into under the Obama Administration. German Chancellor Angela Merkel characterized climate change talks with Trump as “very unsatisfying.”
On Friday, White House economic advisor Gary Cohn characterized President Trump's position on climate change as “evolving,” though it was not clear exactly what that meant.
An AFP report from early March which cited the New York Times stated that the Trump Administration team was divided over whether the United States should withdraw or remain in the Paris Climate Agreement.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis told CBS Face the Nation, in an interview set to air on Sunday, that they sat in on some policy discussions on the issue while in Brussels and that President Trump is “wide open on this issue as they take in the pros and cons of that accord.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
The Galaxy Note 7 is still a few weeks for release, but already we're expecting the first official Samsung accessories to arrive. We've listed a range of cases and covers on our site, and although we don't have images yet, we do have the full low-down on what to expect. Let's take a look at the range.
LED Flip Wallet Cover
(Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge version pictured)
The LED Flip Wallet is a case that Samsung keep coming back to with their new phones, and we're happy they do. It's a clever combination of a modern wallet case with a clever integrated LED display, which can spell out the time, date, incoming callers and other notifications. If you like the look of a folio case but don't want the hassle of opening the cover all the time to find out what's going on in your phone, this is a brilliant choice.
S-View Case
(Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge version pictured)
The S-View case is another take on the ‘see your phone without opening the cover idea'. Instead of inserting a small LED display into the cover, this case just has a window in the centre. It's covered with plastic, so you can see through it and even swipe on the exposed area of screen, but you still ensure your screen is fully protected. It's not quite as stylish as the LED Flip Wallet, but it's a bit more practical.
QWERTY Keyboard Cover
(Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge version pictured)
Next up is the QWERTY Keyboard Cover. This case protects the back and corners of your Note 7, while adding a full QWERTY keyboard to the phone. That lets you type away with speed and confidence, and when you're done typing just clip the keyboard to the back of your phone. It's great for anyone that misses physical QWERTY keyboards on their Blackberries of old!
Clear View Cover
(Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge version pictured)
The Clear View is another variation on the S View and LED Flip, introduced by Samsung with the Galaxy S6 Edge last year. You get a semi-transparent flip cover that shows the time, notifications and other information without the case needing to be opened. That saves a lot of hassle, and still ensures your phone's screen is fully protected.
Lens Cover
(Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge version pictured)
The Lens Cover is a series of clip-on lenses and a frame to attach them. The frame provides good protection of the back and corners of your phone, while the different lenses ensure new photographic possibilities. You get a telephoto lens and a wide angle lens, and it's easy to swap between them as needed.
Leather Cover
(Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge version pictured)
These leather covers are a handsome addition to your Samsung phone, and they also protect against minor falls, knocks and scrapes. The real leather construction looks (and smells) fantastic, and ensures your phone case will wear naturally over time. The case is a godsend for anyone that prefers classic styles to more modern alternatives.
Signing off
Thanks for checking out the article, and stay tuned! We'll have photos of these cases and covers once they arrive in stock, which is expected in about one week's time. Thanks again and enjoy the rest of your week!
New York – A little more than a year after the Kindle made its debut, Amazon announced a new, updated version of its popular e-book reader Monday with a big endorsement from Stephen King.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos demonstrated the features of the new device, called Kindle 2, at a crowded press event at the Morgan Library and Museum in New York. They stressed the need for the Kindle to "disappear" so the reader can focus on the text. Bezos themselves then disappeared, welcoming novelist Stephen King to the stage to give their take and announce a Kindle-only novella they wrote specifically for Amazon.
As predicted in leaked photos, the new Kindle 2 has a much slimmer profile than the original (.36” thick compared to the first version's 0.7" thick), is slightly lighter (10.2 ounces versus the original 10.3 ounces), has curved edges, and includes a sleeker, unified keyboard with a 5-way joystick instead of the original device's scroll wheel. And the navigation buttons have been pushed down for tighter control (and to avoid the accidental page-turning that many users complained about). Kindle 2 has a 25 percent longer battery life, Bezos claimed, and contains 2GB of memory that can hold more than 1,500 books.
There is also a new iPod-like metal backplate and a set of stereo speakers along the bottom, which enable a new feature: The Kindle 2 can convert any text to audio, so it can "read" books to you in a somewhat robotic, artificial-sounding voice. (King jokingly called this a "GPS voice").
(See how the Kindle 2 and the Sony Reader stack up, feature-wise.)
Another major update is a new Whispersync service which makes it easier for original Kindle owners to transfer e-books they've already purchased to the new device. Whispersync will eventually work on a number of mobile devices as well, enabling Kindle owners to read their books on other devices.
The Kindle's screen has been improved, too: The E-Ink technology, already easier on the eyes than a computer screen or standard LCD screen, has been updated to 16 shades of gray, up from the current model's 4 levels of gray. It also turns pages 20 percent faster on average than the previous model, Bezos said.
Unfortunately the design is all that has changed, as Amazon is standing by the $359 price tag. It's available for pre-sale now, and original Kindle owners jump to the front of the queue if they order by midnight Tuesday. Kindle 2 will start shipping February 24, 2009, Bezos indicated.
There is also still no Wi-Fi access, but, as with the first version, with its 3G cellular radio (supplied by Sprint) Kindle owners can purchase any of Amazon's 230,000 titles anywhere where there is a signal from Sprint's data network.
And the Kindle's limitations on file formats remain unchanged. It still cannot easily display standard PDF (Acrobat) files, nor can it utilize e-book formats other than Amazon's.
King read a passage at the press event from the novella entitled "Ur," which they wrote this January, that includes direct references and discussion about the Kindle and the Amazon bookstore. But they say the Kindle in their story does more than Kindle 2, like accessing information from other worlds.
While they obviously love the Kindle, King says print books will always be around. Instead, they see e-books and print books as complementary.
“They're like peanut butter and chocolate, when you put them together you've got a whole new taste treat,” they said.
It has been quite a year for the Kindle, with ever growing popularity due in no small part to an Oprah endorsement in November that included special guest Bezos. Oprah called the device their "new favorite thing in the world."
Citigroup analyst Mark Mahaney also called it the "ipod of the book world" last fall, predicting sales for the year of around 240,000.
And just this month, however, they upped the number again to about half a million, using estimates based on Sprint service, and that it will become a $1.2 billion business by 2010.
"We've been selling e-books for years and guess what, it didn't work… until 14 months ago," said Bezos on Monday.
They say more than 10 percent of e-book units sold now are Kindle books.
Amazon itself has yet nor is it likely to release any specific numbers, but e-book's are certainly growing in popularity and hype, and the device was sold out on Amazon throughout the holiday season.
Many other companies are planning on releasing e-book readers this year including Plastic Logic with its paper thin device that was unveiled at last year's DEMO, and Foxit Software whose reader will be much cheaper than its competitors at around $250.
And Sony beat Kindle to an update a few months ago, with a touch screen reader that has features, like note taking, which seem to be targeting the college crowd. And while Sony promises to add wireless access in the next update, Kindle's got it beat on one major front with its free Whispersync access to purchase books on-the-go.
Amazon also said this week that it is planning on releasing Kindle titles on mobile devices besides the Kindle very soon, and it is likely to inolve the new Whispersync feature.
"We are excited to make Kindle books available on a range of mobile phones," said Drew Herdener, a spokesperson for Amazon. "We are working on that now."
Others are turning to mobile devices like the iPhone as an e-reader, through various applications like Classics, Stanza, and ScrollMotion's Iceberg apps. Google gave this medium a big boost last week when it optimized about 1.5 million titles in its public domain Book Search library for iPhones and T-Mobile's Android powered G1.
Photos: Amazon
A host of safe stars set to descend on Cambridge for exam term at the Union.
TV personalities, international sports stars, and a head of state will head the Union line-up this term in a stellar but safe selection.
Sir Michael Parkinson, Sir Trevor McDonald and Albanian President Bamir Topi will all be giving talks at the Union Society.
After a controversial Lent Term that saw protests against Dominique Strauss-Kahn's speech cause an international media frenzy, the upcoming figures represent a safer choice.
But no stranger to scandal, Neville Thurlbeck, former News of the World news editor and chief reporter, will be coming to speak. Thurlbeck was arrested last year in connection to the ongoing phone-hacking investigations.
httpvh://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AWsG7EHDHM
Evasive: Thurlbeck is squeezed at the Leveson Inquiry
Also set to divide opinion is the upcoming debate featuring Hughie Rose, the chairperson of the UK New Black Panther Party, who is set to argue that Britain is still a racist country. Opposing the motion is ex-Premier League star Stan Collymore.
Much like last term, political debate will be a key part of the Union line-up. Heavyweight MP David Davis will battle it out with former MP Lembit Öpik to decide if the Liberal Democrats have a future in British politics.
Also booked is outspoken feminist and founder of Justice for Women, Julie Bindel, who will discuss the decriminalisation of prostitution.
Bindel is a highly controversial figure who has previously claimed that sexuality can be chosen and once said that “if you're a radical feminist and you don't even think about lesbianism as an alternative possibility then I think you're not particularly using your imagination.”
Gareth Thomas, once Wales' most-capped player and the first openly-gay international rugby player will be another high-profile sports star speaking, an event that Union President Michael Black called “very relevant in the run-up to the Olympics.”
Black said they were “very excited” about the line-up, and told The Tab “We've worked very hard to ensure the Union hosts debates on difficult issues that haven't been debated here recently.
“We're proud to have some fantastic individual speakers.”
Reaction to the line-up has been mixed among students. One third year student, who wished to remain anonymous, said “After DSK, having Gareth Thomas and Julie Bindel just looks like pandering to the LGBT/militant feminist crowd at the heart of CDE.”
But Ali Ghareeb, a second year Union Member, was more complimentary, in particular about the visit of Topi: “It will be a great opportunity to hear the president of an Islamic democracy. They must have crazy connections to get a head of state in.”
×
The latest generation of text understanding technologies translates consumer comments into actionable business intelligence.
Did you know that patients tend to refer to their physicians as “doctor” when they are happy with the care they have received, and as “he” or “she” when they are not? Or that a pricey bottle of wine often smells different to consumers than the same wine offered at a lower price?
These and other curious insights into consumer behavior were identified by a “text understanding” solution developed by researchers at the MIT Media Lab. This SaaS analytics technology, offered commercially by the Cambridge, Mass.-based startup Luminoso, gives computers the ability to understand human text communication the way people understand each other. It captures online consumer comments about companies and products and turns them into actionable business intelligence.
“This system can pull in chat, surveys, emails, and news articles and quickly offer insights into the opinions of those who wrote them,” says Catherine Havasi, Luminoso's co-founder and CEO. “It can even understand allusion, metaphor, and the jargon of specific industries such as biotech or pharma.”
According to Marcus Shingles, a principal at Deloitte Consulting LLP, such solutions are the result of an ongoing effort by CPG companies and others to use technology to make sense of the avalanche of comments customers leave online. “Over the last few years we've seen numerous text analytics products enter the market that use word recognition and basic sentiment analysis capabilities to understand customer intent,” they say, while adding that “few have proven to be effective.”
Shingle says that the latest breed of text understanding solutions deploys artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and natural language processing capabilities that, when used in concert, can take text understanding to a whole new level. “Engineers and researchers are applying a more sophisticated, scientific approach to this challenge, which is what it needs,” they observe. “As a result, they are continually developing a more nuanced understanding of language and of the context in which it is used.”
Consumers Say…
According to Havasi, the Luminoso solution was born of their work with an ongoing research project at MIT Media Lab called the Open Mind Common Sense Initiative. In the mid-2000s, they and other researchers began building a database of simple English sentences, which a computer running text analytics software then analyzed to connect concepts and draw conclusions. The more data they fed into the system, the greater its understanding of vernacular, speech patterns, intonations, and other factors of common speech became. Simply put, Havasi and their colleagues taught AI how to make itself smarter.
“It can easily learn new things,” says Havasi of Luminoso's technology. “It uses words it already knows to understand the context of the way new words and phrases are used, and then deduces their meaning in that context.”
The ability to understand customer sentiment more precisely and accurately—and to understand the myriad ways consumer demographic groups use language—can add value to product development, customer care, marketing, and strategic planning efforts. “There is a big opportunity for marketers in understanding the opinions, views, and preferences of customers,” says Shingles. “With that insight, they can develop empathy for consumers, and use that to inform marketing initiatives and product design.”
Moreover, the ability to automate certain data management tasks that have traditionally been laborious and expensive may transform the way companies approach consumer research. “A lot of people think there are large costs associated with building an ontology, and that they will have to write a lot of complicated rules,” says Havasi. “That's not necessarily the case anymore. Text analytics has gotten a lot smarter and more agile than it was just a few years ago.”
Data Quality and a Measured Approach
Even with recent advancements in text analytics, the value of business insights is still heavily dependent on the customer data companies amass, says Havasi. “Many organizations have collected massive amounts of text data that do not reveal much about customer experiences with a product or service. This is low quality data, delivering few signals despite its volume.”
Havasi says that by focusing on certain data sources, companies may be able to unearth more valuable information. “Many companies are finding troves of valuable data on social media sites. People also share their personal experiences on custom blogs and in comments on YouTube. Twitter, with its character limitations, is not such a good source.”
One other thing, says Havasi: “Computers don't understand sarcasm and snark. They are rarely expressed in the same way, which makes them look like noise to a computer.”
Beyond data quality, organizations deploying text understanding technologies may face internal challenges, such as how to ingest insights from this kind of analysis. “Many companies are deploying these tools, but they are delegating junior-level people in the organization to experiment with them,” observes Shingles. “Achieving the kind of business insights companies want is equal parts art and science. It requires experienced data analysts versed in the marketing science discipline to capitalize on this type of research. Moreover, companies should consider developing business use cases to guide their efforts. Text understanding initiatives might be more useful for some brands in a company's portfolio than others.”
Havasi predicts that, in the near future, text understanding technologies will become more commonplace. “Expect advances in artificial intelligence that will support human interaction with cars, television sets, and computers,” they say. “It will continue to help companies listen to consumers, but it also will become a part of our everyday lives.”
MUMBAI: Finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Saturday defaulters would now have to either pay up or make way for new entrepreneurs as the new bankruptcy law had reversed the debtor-creditor relationship.The finance minister also sought to assuage fears that businesses would come to a standstill during the insolvency proceedings. "The message in the legislation is now loud and clear; debtors will have to make sure their debts are serviced. The alternative mechanism is where you exit by taking a partner, or new entrepreneurs come in and protect the assets," they said at the National Conference on Insolvency and Bankruptcy.Pointing out that it has been over a year since the new law was in place, Jaitley said the government would wait and watch out for judicial pronouncements under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code before seeing whether it needed improvement. "Legislation is the skeletal structure, the flesh and blood is provided by judicial interpretation. We will have to wait to see how much of the law is made effective by pronouncements of the tribunal and then look at improvement."He added that now that the law is in place and the National Company Law Tribunal has been constituted, one way of ensuring that the process is effective is by adhering to the timelines provided in the law. They said that often timelines, which are seen as mandatory for the executive, are regarded by the judiciary as directional. "I hope that these remain as 'mandatory' as speed is of the essence for successful implementation of the law."
When Emmanuel Macron was elected I expected to deride the decisions of the ex-Rothschild banker. However since their election, more often than not, I have found myself defending the pretty boy in chief. Most recently, over their accurate diagnosis of the ills of Africa. I concede that their statement is reckless in that it attempts to summarize the problems of an entire continent in a matter of sentences. But there is a hypocrisy in a continent that has the highest birthrate[1] and is host to 8 out of the 10 nations with the highest percentage of starving citizens[2]. Macron's criticism of Africa is not the first right of center words or actions from Macron. Macron has ruffled the feathers of their leftist supporter here in america multiple times on a wide range of issues since their election victory.
Macron seeks to mimic a Reagan Revolution in France by slashing taxes and firing bureaucrats to increase France's economic competitiveness[3]. France's own official state audit body warns of future deficits as a result of the tax cuts. Luckily, Macron has been looking to cut public assistance spending by 60 billion euros over the next five years[4]. Macron also seeks to increase Frances economic competitiveness by localizing labor negotiations which will cede more power to employers. Macrons decision is already drawing criticism from national labor organizations[5]. By Frances standards, Macron's economic policy is a sharp turn right especially after after the French left deemed macron a savior from the laissez-faire economic policy from Francois Fillon.
The real surprising part and the real reason for my new found respect for Emmanuel Macron comes in their policy towards migrants and Syria. Macron had their name tarnished in Brussels (always a good sign for a European politician) over France's decision to return 150 migrants from France back to Italy[6]. Cutting welfare along with a vastly publicized show of harshness towards migrants will disincentive migrants who are window shopping Europe's welfare policies from setting up camp in France. Macron has taken an anti-globalist stance that even Donald Trump is yet to fully embrace saying they could pleasantly see an end to the Syrian civil war with Bashar Al-Assad in power in Syria[7]. While Macron is hardly an Assad supporter they recognize that French issues must take precedence over the Syrian conflict. Macron's subtle nationalistic moves stand in sharp contrast to they way they were hailed as France's savior from populist Marine Le Pen. Macron's pivots on immigration and foreign policy and their words on Africa have lead to a souring of their relationship with the liberal elite with some now viewing them as an “alpha male” that “stands shoulder-to-shoulder with Trump[8].”
Macron has also taken a Reactionary view towards their own executive position. Comparing themselves to the Roman God of Gods Jupiter and decreeing that their thoughts were too complex for journalists[9]. Macron also hopes to centralize the fight against homegrown terrorism and increase France's military power[10]. Perhaps Macrons turn right is the greatest trick played on the globalist establishment. Macron seems to have their own version of Trumps 4d chess which I have labeled: 4d wheelchair tennis. Whether Macrons liberal establishment portrayal in the election was a ruse or not, I hope Macron continues to En Marche! towards the populist right.
________________
[1] Smith, David. “Global population growth fears put to the test in Africa's expanding cities.” The Guardian. October 22, 2011. Accessed July 11, 2017. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/22/global-population-growth-africa-cities.
[2] Guy-Allen, Clea . “The world's 10 hungriest countries.” Global Citizen. March 10, 2014. Accessed July 11, 2017. https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/the-worlds-10-hungriest-countries/.
[3] Samuel, David Chazan; Henry. “Emmanuel Macron unveils plans to slash taxes and public sector jobs.” The Telegraph. February 24, 2017. Accessed July 11, 2017. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2017/02/24/emmanuel-macron-unveils-plans-slash-taxes-public-sector-jobs/.
[4] Rose, Michael. “France's Macron unveils mix of tax cuts, spending cuts in economic plans.” Reuters. February 23, 2017. Accessed July 11, 2017. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-election-macron-idUSKBN1622E7.
[5] Horobin, William, and Marcus Walker. “Macron Outlines Plans to Overhaul France's Labor Laws — Update.” Fox Business. June 28, 2017. Accessed July 11, 2017. http://www.foxbusiness.com/features/2017/06/28/macron-outlines-plans-to-overhaul-frances-labor-laws-update.html.
[6] Correspondent, Nick Gutteridge Brussels. “‘All talk, no trousers' Macron bashed over migration stance as shine wears off in Brussels.” Express.co.uk. July 04, 2017. Accessed July 11, 2017. http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/824569/European-Union-Italian-MEP-Emmanuel-Macron-migrant-crisis.
[7] “‘Macron is right on Syria; you can't impose your system on other countries'.” RT International. Accessed July 11, 2017. https://www.rt.com/op-edge/393595-macron-libya-syria-us/.
[8] Vinocur, Nicholas. “Alpha males Trump and Macron stand shoulder-to-shoulder.” POLITICO. July 12, 2017. Accessed July 12, 2017. http://www.politico.eu/article/alpha-males-us-president-donald-trump-and-french-president-emmanuel-macron-stand-shoulder-to-shoulder/.
[9] 20170, Jack Montgomery 4 Jul. “Macron: ‘I Will Govern Like a Roman God'.” Breitbart. July 07, 2017. Accessed July 11, 2017. http://www.breitbart.com/london/2017/07/04/macron-announces-govern-like-jupiter-roman-king-gods/.
[10] Sofrep. “French leader Macron proposes big expansion of their counterterrorism powers.” SOFREP. June 24, 2017. Accessed July 11, 2017. https://sofrep.com/84360/french-leader-macron-proposes-big-expansion-counterterrorism-powers/.
Advertisements
Great Barrier Reef: 5% bleached, not 93% says new report “discrepancy phenomenal”
In a nutshell: a government funded group finds some bleached coral on the Great Barrier Reef, and repackages the stats to come up with the apocalyptic statistic that only 7% of the reef is not bleached! The SMH reported that “93% of the corals” are damaged. The reef is 2,000 kilometers long. Did anyone really think about these headlines?
Then in a development that “no one” could see coming, local tourism is damaged, potentially costing a lot of jobs.
“And the loss of these tourists could cost our tourism industry a whopping $1 billion a year, a report out today by The Australia Institute warned.”
This inspires local dive operators (who possibly know what the reef looks like) to pay for a two week expedition to survey 28 sites. They find about 5% damage and describe the difference as phenomenal. Indeed, they say the reef is pretty much just like it was 20 years ago when they last did a survey.
We know that both sides have an interest finding a healthy or unhealthy reef. The problem starts with self-serving taxpayer funded scientists who are paid to find a crisis. But they would not get away with it if the media didn't let them. Blame sloppy gullible journalists like Tom Arup (SMH), and Stephanie Smail (ABC) who should have asked some hard questions, and protested at the surreal headlines. Will the job-destroying ABC report the new survey?
Great Barrier Reef only 5% bleached, Cairns Post
Teams of divers in a joint two-week expedition sponsored by Mike Ball Dive and Spirit of Freedom surveyed 28 sites on 24 outer shelf reefs along a 300km section of the hardest-hit part of the reef from Bathurst Head to Raine Island.
Mike Ball Dive Expeditions operations manager Craig Stephen, who conducted a similar survey on the remote reefs 20 years ago, said there had been almost no change in two decades despite the latest coral bleaching event.
“The discrepancy is phenomenal. It is so wrong. Everywhere we have been we have found healthy reefs.”
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority estimated a mass coral white-out of between 50 to 60 per cent, on average, for reefs off Cape York under the world's biggest-ever mass coral bleaching event.
Scientists with the ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies reported about 35 per cent mortality but warned “the final death toll” on some reefs may exceed 90 per cent.
h/t Graham D.
Image: Wikimedia, author Wise Hok Wai Lum: Flynn Reef 2014.
UPDATE:
Some media given the brief,
To report on the Barrier Reef,
Find that bleaching is harming,
The whole Reef, most alarming,
In line with the warmist belief.
– Ruairi
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 8.7/10 (97 votes cast)
History never repeats itself, of course. But human nature being what it is -- and the tropes of power and dominance being what they are -- there is a great deal of assonance in history: near-rhymes, recurring echoes in the present which do not chime exactly with the past but fall closely enough to resonate with meaning.
Reading Timothy Synder's account of the genocidal famine in Soviet Ukraine in the early 1930s (in their new book, Bloodlands), I ran across the following passage. In it, Snyder describes how Stalin sought to explain away the manifest, catastrophic failure of their policy of forced collectivization, which had led to millions of deaths by starvation:
Stalin had developed an interesting new theory: that resistance to socialism increases as its successes mount, because its foes resist with greater desperation as they contemplate their final defeat. Thus any problem in the Soviet Union could be defined as an example of enemy action, and enemy action could be defined as evidence of progress.
This passage leapt immediately to mind while reading accounts of Barack Obama's vaunted "review" of their ever-intensifying, ever more catastrophic war in Afghanistan and Pakistan. The results of this "review" were a foregone conclusion, of course: the President would decide that their policy was the right one and should continue. The only "change" would be a surge in "kinetic activity" along the Pakistan border, with increased drone bombings of Pakistan villages (which have already killed many hundreds of innocent civilians) and more Special Forces operations "along the border" (i.e., inside Pakistani territory). There will also be greatly increased pressure on the Pakistani government to "invade" its own territory and slaughter thousands of its own people in the border regions to relieve the pressure on their American masters in Afghanistan.
In other words, American policy in Afghanistan is failing so badly that Obama is about to engulf a volatile, unstable, nuclear-armed nation in a vast, divisive, violent upheaval led by an utterly corrupt and unpopular government. The result will be the deaths of thousands upon thousands of innocent people, the displacement of millions more -- in a land still reeling from one of the worst natural disasters the world has seen in modern times -- and, of course, the spread of extremism, hatred, instability and chaos.
But for Obama, this highway to hell is actually an indication of "considerable gains toward our military objectives." The ever-spreading insurgency in Afghanistan, which now controls or has strong footholds even in northern regions which the Taliban never controlled before the war, is not, as you might think, a glaring indication of the catastrophic failure of the militarist agenda; on the contrary, it is, Obama says, a sign of "significant progress." This has been the argument of our bipartisan militarists since the very beginning, in Afghanistan and Iraq: any problems in our violent occupations of these foreign lands is caused by enemy action -- and all enemy actions, including the control of more and more territory, can be defined as evidence of progress. The very success of the enemy, the fierceness of their resistance, is evidence of their desperation, their ultimate and imminent collapse.
Thus Stalin on the deaths of millions of innocent people at the hands of their policies. And thus Obama, and the entire bipartisan political establishment, on the bloodbath in the bloodlands of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
We are speaking of echoes and assonance, of course, not exact parallels. The death tolls in the Af-Pak catastrophe has not reached Stalinist proportions -- yet. But the prospects for the widening war in Pakistan are almost unbearable to contemplate. What might a nuclear-armed state, controlled largely by its military, do in the event an imminent collapse brought on by the launching of a civil war at the behest of a foreign power? What if it decided the only way to bring the nation back together was a war against the hated common enemy in India? We have already been to the brink of a nuclear war between Pakistan and India within the last decade. And even a non-nuclear war between the two would result in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people, if not millions.
And that is only one entirely plausible scenario if the Pakistanis knuckle under to the wishes of their imperial patrons -- the "progressive" Peace Laureate and the Bush Family apparatchik they have retained as their warlord -- and launch the all-out assault on their own people that Washington demands. As Hamlet said: It cannot, and it will not, come to good.
Meanwhile, the present reality of the situation is bad enough, and worsening. Even as the Obama Administration was trumpeting its "progress" and "success" in the nine-year war on one the most blasted, broken-down, defenseless places on earth, Patrick Cockburn, on the ground in Afghanistan, was recording the evidence of growing hunger among the "liberated" people, due largely to the utter corruption at the heart of American policy:
But the most extraordinary failure of the US-led coalition in Afghanistan is that the expenditure of tens of billions of dollars has had so little impact on the misery in which 30 million Afghans live. Since 2001 the US alone has provided $52 billion in aid, two thirds for security and one third for economic, social and political development.
Despite this some nine million Afghans live in absolute poverty while a further five million, considered ‘not poor', try to survive on $43 a month.“Things look alright to foreigners but in fact people are dying of starvation in Kabul,” says Abdul Qudus, a man with a deeply lined face in their forties, who sells second-hand clothes and shoes on a street corner in the capital. They are little more than rags, lying on display on the half frozen mud.
“I buy and sell clothes for between 10 and 30 Afghanis (two to six cents) and even then there are people who are too poor to buy them, “ says Mr Qudus. “I myself am very poor and sometimes I don't eat so I can feed my children.” They say they started selling second hand clothes two years ago when they lost their job washing carpets.
US officials admit privately that the torrent of aid money that has poured into Afghanistan has stoked corruption and done ordinary Afghans little good. Aimed at improving economic and social conditions in order to reduce support for the Taliban it is having the reverse effect of destabilizing the country. Afghanistan was identified as the third most corrupt country out of 178 in the world in a report released yesterday by Transparency International.
...The US government policy of providing aid through large American private companies, whose interest lies in making a profit rather than improving the life of Afghans, is proving a failure in Afghanistan as it did previously in Iraq. As winter approaches half of Afghans face the prospect of ‘food insecurity', or not getting enough to eat in the next three months, according to the US Famine Early Warning System.
This is the reality behind the "considerable progress" proclaimed by Barack Obama this week -- as willfully blind to the truth in their cozy Oval Office as Stalin in the halls of the Kremlin.
Anders Nilsson is a lot more than a Buffalo Sabres goaltender.
The 26-year-old is enjoying a strong season - they have a .934 save percentage in eight games and seven starts - but he's making headlines for sporting a pride flag in support of the LGBT community on the back of their helmet.
Nilsson spoke about the flag with The Buffalo News' John Vogl, saying gay friends and witnessing their struggle was the impetus behind the decision.
"Life hasn't been easy for them growing up," Nilsson said. "It's time that hockey starts to pay some attention to that.
"This summer, I thought, why not be the first goalie to put (the pride flag) on the helmet and raise some awareness?"
anders nilsson has a pride flag on their mask :,) pic.twitter.com/iQ6Ma7nuY1 — destiny (@mqrner) December 4, 2016
Nilsson was the recipient of very high praise from Wade Davis, a former NFL player who came out after their playing career was over and who now serves as director of the Can Play organization.
"Anders Nilsson is courageous beyond the understanding of many," Davis said. "He is taking a risk on multiple fronts and is standing up for something that they believe in, knowing the backlash that could come their way. He's my hero."
Nilsson said a lot's been done by You Can Play, hockey, and by the sports world in recent years, but much work needs to be done. With the flag on their helmet, he's doing their small part to keep progress moving forward.
Warring gangs linked to the killing of a 14-year-old boy are glorifying violence and guns in videos watched by hundreds of thousands online.
Videos on YouTube show masked members of the Woodgrange E7 gang and the rival Beckton E6 crew rapping about gang rivalry and 'shooting to kill'.
A feud between the gangs, based in east London, is believed to have led to the shooting of schoolboy Corey Junior Davis next to a playground in Forest Gate on Monday.
Their family made the heartbreaking decision to switch off their life support machine on Tuesday night after they suffered catastrophic injuries from a shotgun blast to the head.
Corey, who has been linked to the Woodgrange group, was shot from behind at close range by a masked gunman in what locals believe was a revenge attack arranged by the E6 gang after the stabbing of an 18-year-old during a mass brawl at the nearby Westfield shopping centre on Friday.
The family of Corey Junior Davis (pictured left and right), from East London, took the heartbreaking decision to turn off their life-support machine. The teen was shot in the head next to a playground in Forest Gate, east London, on Monday
It comes after Google, which owns YouTube, was accused last month of putting lives at stake and 'glamorising gang culture' for refusing more than half of police requests to remove gang videos inciting knife and gun crime in London from the video-sharing website.
Since 2015, YouTube has taken down only 38 per cent of videos reported to it by the Metropolitan Police.
Following Monday's murder, the Daily Mail found chilling YouTube videos produced by the two gangs in which members drink, smoke marijuana and rap about violence while making hand gestures resembling punching and shooting.
None of the videos found by the Mail appeared to have linked advertising. But if any other videos do, it could mean gangsters could earn an estimated £5,000 a month from the adverts, from which Google also benefits.
On Monday afternoon, Corey was targeted as they sat near a playground on an estate. Another 17-year-old was left with 'life-changing' injuries after being shot in the leg.
A shop worker said their friend had been with Corey when the gunman opened fire.
'They were just sitting there talking, and then this guy just came from behind and shot him,' they said. 'Fourteen years old, what can you do to get shot in the head with a shotgun?'
It comes after Google was accused last month of putting lives at stake and 'glamorising gang culture' for refusing more than half of police requests to remove gang videos inciting knife and gun crime in London. Pictured above, an E6 Beckton gang youtube music video
One clip, which seems to have been created by the rival Woodgrange gang has been viewed over 280,000 times
A resident said: 'The shooting was outside the playground. I heard the noise from my house – pow, pow, it was twice.
'The boy couldn't talk, they were just laying down breathing hard. I didn't want to look at them because I saw too much blood.'
Yesterday, Corey's mother Keisha McLeod, 39, a council tax officer, and their sister Roshane, 23, were too devastated to speak. Miss McLeod describes their two children as their 'pride and joy' on their Facebook page.
Them father Neville McLeod, 75, who lived with Corey, nicknamed CJ, at their terraced home in Forest Gate, described their grandson as a 'lovely boy' and urged youngsters to stop carrying weapons.
They told the London Evening Standard: 'There is nothing bad you could say about CJ. They were a lovely boy.
'He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. They never kept bad company, so we just have no idea why this has happened.
'That day they left in the morning like they always did and said, 'Goodbye grandad, I will see you later.' They got up in the morning like they always did, had their breakfast, but didn't come home.'
Mr McLeod added: 'I'm feeling devastated, the whole family is. These people don't care, they go around with these weapons.
Police were called to Moore Walk in Forest Gate, east London, after a suspected double shooting left Corey fighting for their life and another with potentially life-changing injuries
Corey's grandfather, Neville McLeod, told Sky News earlier this week that the teen had only got into trouble 'once'
Extra police patrols have been put in place in Newham as the borough braces itself for a revenge attack after the double shooting in broad daylight
'I want to say to these people, stop it. Why do people have to go around carrying knives, guns, shooting and killing people?
'There's no reason for it. Why do they have to do it? They act like life is cheap. CJ did nothing to deserve this.'
There has been a surge in gun crime in the capital over the past year. The Metropolitan Police revealed there was a 42 per cent increase in gun offences in the year to April – up to 2,544 compared with 1,793 between April 2015 and 2016.
On Monday, a boy of 17 was charged with causing grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon in relation to the shopping centre brawl.
Regarding the shooting of Corey and their friend, police are trying to trace a vehicle seen leaving the scene.
Detective Chief Inspector David Whellams said: 'We are working tirelessly to work through the evidence and piece together the events which led to Corey's murder.
'I am specifically appealing for information about a large, light-coloured 4x4-type vehicle seen leaving the scene immediately after the shooting.'
A YouTube spokesperson said they have specialists around the world removing content that breaks their rules, adding: 'While YouTube is a platform for free and creative expression, we strictly prohibit videos that are abusive or promote violence.
'We work closely with organisations like the Met Police to understand where artistic expression escalates into real threats. We're committed to improving our work on this issue to make sure YouTube is not a place for those who seek to do harm.'
So easy to find, videos with gun threats, crime and drugs... And their bitter rivals
Typing the names of the two gangs into YouTube open up a sordid world of rap videos promoting gun crime, violence and drugs.
Woodgrange E7 and Beckton E6 have shared videos online that have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times and can be easily found by anyone with access to the internet. It is possible Corey Junior Davis's killer watched some of the clips.
In the videos gang members, who appear to be teenagers and men in their 20s, can be seen smoking cigarettes and marijuana and drinking alcohol in the streets. They also make vile hand gestures including ones resembling punching and shooting.
YouTube videos from the E6 Beckton gang promote gun crime, violence and drugs and have been viewed thousands of times
Chillingly, one video features a clip from a film showing a man with a bandage around their head who claims to have been shot in the head.
Another clip which appears to have been uploaded by the E6 group, includes the lyrics: 'Spent cold nights in a cell… I've seen a couple youths get gunned.'
The lyrics 'I beg a young boy come try me' also feature, as well as a gang member posing as if shooting a gun.
Another video, thought to be by the same group, show men with their faces partially covered rapping the words: 'Boom, boom, boom like who now'.
Another video, understood to be uploaded by members of E6, show men with their faces partially covered rapping the words: 'Boom, boom, boom like who now'
One clip, seemingly created by the rival Woodgrange gang which jas been viewed over 280,000 times, begins with a shot from a helicopter of police on the street below, with the commentary: 'Four officers arrived with minutes of the shooting'.
The screen cuts to men wearing masks, dark jackets and gloves rapping to the camera. A gunshot hole then appears in the screen while they rap 'I'm shooting to kill' and 'We don't give a toss about law'. In a similar video, which has racked up 107,000 views, gang members boast about 'holding n***** to ransom'.
Some videos have attracted angry responses. On one, a rival wrote: 'F*** Woodgrange you p******. We will see who the real dons of the east are.'
Another wrote: 'You know you wouldn't say s*** to us in real life…give me your address.'
Video
From the start, it was an unwieldy melding of two newsrooms: a legacy print magazine, Newsweek, combined with an irreverent digital news site, The Daily Beast. It had high-profile ownership, first in Sidney Harman and then in Barry Diller, and it was held together by the experienced magazine editor Tina Brown, looking for one more big hit on their résumé.
But on Thursday, Newsweek buckled under the pressure afflicting the magazine industry in general and newsweeklies in particular, with their outdated print cycles that have been overtaken by the Internet.
In a message posted on The Daily Beast, Ms. Brown announced that Newsweek would cease print publication at the end of the year and move to an all-digital format. The transition, they wrote, would include layoffs, and at a staff meeting Thursday morning, they grew teary-eyed when they told employees that they didn't know how many people would be let go.
The staff remaining will publish a digital magazine called Newsweek Global. Readers will continue to pay for Newsweek, Ms. Brown said, and some Newsweek articles will appear on The Daily Beast, which will continue as a free Web site. The end of the print edition will help stem Newsweek's estimated $40 million in annual losses.
Founded in 1933, Newsweek established a venerable place in the American media landscape, competing ferociously with Time magazine week in and week out to bring the top news stories to several million readers.
In the pre-Internet era, before a constant stream of real-time information was available, readers eagerly awaited the two magazines to see which cover stories they would feature — and whether they would be the same ones.
Ms. Brown characterized the move as bowing to the inevitable digital future. “You cannot actually change an era of enormous disruptive innovation,” they said in a phone interview. “No one single person can reverse that trend. You can't turn back what is an inexorable trend.”
But behind the scenes, current and former employees say, there were tensions that led to an increasingly tumultuous newsroom, as financial losses mounted and Ms. Brown struggled to integrate the two operations and maintain Newsweek's relevance.
Despite their best efforts to take a flagging product and rejuvenate it, much of what they tried fell flat, and their attempts to create buzz with cover articles that discussed sex addiction and called President Obama “the first gay president'' resulted mostly in puzzlement and, sometimes, ridicule.
Ms. Brown would tear up long-planned issues at the last moment, according to a staff member involved in production, who declined to speak on the record because of the impending layoffs. That left the art department scrambling to come up with something to illustrate their next big idea.
“That's how we ended up with that asparagus cover from stock photos,” the employee said, referring to a cover showing a piece of asparagus dangling above a woman's lips, which was widely derided by media commentators. “Though I have to say on their behalf, that cover did very well.”
Ms. Brown defended their choice of covers.
“The magazine was incredibly moribund when we came in,” they said on Thursday. “It had taken so many knocks. We have been able to bring Newsweek back to relevance. I have always felt that the covers are about a conversation. The covers become a conversation starter.”
Many of the problems began in 2010 with the sale of Newsweek to Mr. Harman, a 92-year-old audio magnate who died last year. They bought the magazine from the Washington Post Company for a dollar and merged it with The Daily Beast, the Web site owned by Mr. Diller's IAC/InterActiveCorp. But the blending of the two brands failed, in part because no real integration took place.
“In spite of the rhetoric at the start, there never really was a merger between The Daily Beast and Newsweek,” said one person who worked on both. They and other current and former employees said the magazine had failed to absorb the energy and freshness of The Daily Beast.
“No one works harder than Tina, and they paid as much attention to a cutline on a picture as they did with the cover, but I think they failed to rely on some of the people around her,” said a staff member who left recently but requested anonymity because they remain friendly with Ms. Brown. “With The Daily Beast, they were very open to input from everyone, but it was very much the opposite with the magazine.”
In the print operation, they said, “many of the young people at The Daily Beast were shut out, and they went with writers and topics that seemed plucked from the 1980s.”
Ms. Brown, first at Vanity Fair and then at The New Yorker, successfully blended politics and celebrity, high and low, into magazines that were talked about and read. But at Talk, the magazine began in a partnership between Miramax and Hearst, their mid-Atlantic sensibilities seemed out of tune, and Talk was forced to shut down. Them focus on Princess Diana — featured on a cover in a digitally aged, somewhat ghoulish rendering — and their tendency to treat the Clintons and the Kennedys as American royals seemed out of step with a public focused on politicians' feet of clay.
Magazine industry experts say it is not fair to blame Ms. Brown for all of Newsweek's problems. They fought a losing battle for a magazine whose circulation peaked in 1991 at 3.3 million but was down to 1.5 million in June. While advertising pages and revenue grew modestly, it brought in a fraction of the money earned by rivals like Time. Also, Newsweek has not had the resources that benefit magazines like Time, which is part of a huge magazine empire that can withstand losses.
“Newsweek has had two highly talented editors — Tina Brown and, before her, Jon Meacham — and it illustrates that it is not an editorial problem,” said Fareed Zakaria, a former editor of Newsweek International. “It is a larger business problem.”
Many other magazines are likely to suffer Newsweek's fate. Reed Phillips, managing partner of DeSilva & Phillips, a media banking firm, said they were advising more publications to cut their print operations.
“We're finding publishers with three or four years of losses in a row. We're telling them, ‘Stop losing money,'” Mr. Phillips said. “Make your cost structure what you're bringing in revenues or just abandon the print.”
Reached on a plane about to depart Mexico City, Mr. Diller said there was little choice but to end the print magazine once the Harman family decided this summer to withdraw financial support.
“It was a mistake to take this one on,” Mr. Diller said. Newsweek will have about 500 pages in advertising this year, they said, “which was not sustainable. It became completely self-evident that we couldn't print the magazine anymore.”
They said of Ms. Brown, “She has done an amazing job, and I have every confidence in her.”
Ms. Brown said the company did not shut down Newsweek entirely because it has an “enormously strong” brand. It still has foreign print licenses in Japan, Mexico, Pakistan, Poland and South Korea, and is negotiating two new licenses in Asia.
The decision to end the print edition “was always going to happen,” Ms. Brown said.
“It really has not been a question of if,” they said. “It was a question of when.”
ADVERTISEMENT:
By: Jim Marsh
Every week, some cards from Magic the Gathering increase and decease in value based upon a number of factors.
Let's take a look at some of the cards whose values have changed the most and the factors behind why those changes have occurred.
This week we are going to shake things up a little. In the wake of Khans spoilers and impending rotation there have been a lot more cards losing value than gaining value. This week we will have 5 Big Winners and 10 Big Losers.
5 Big Winners of the Week
5. Leyline of Sanctity (M11)
From $20.48 to $22.80 (11.33%)
Leyline of Sanctity is a sideboard all star. It can protect you from burn and many types of combos. The best part is that you can begin the game with it on the battlefield without even paying mana.
It blanks Thoughtseize, Cabal Therapy, Lava Spike, Grindstone and much more.
It is used in RG Tron, Amulet of Vigor, Ad Nauseam, Bogles and UR Tron sideboards.
Legacy uses it in OmniTell and even Manaless Dredge.
This card will only continue to increase in price until it is reprinted. My best guess for that would be either Modern Masters 2 or the final core set.
4. Maralen of the Mornsong (Morningtide)
From $3.20 to $3.58 (11.88%)
Maralen turns long grindy games of commander into a shorter game of “Who can disrupt the combo?”
The pieces are not of their combo deck are not new or expensive. The entire deck can be put together for under $10 which is part of its charm. They have been losing momentum. They were recently a bulk rare but it looks like they may only make it to $4 to $5 dollars.
You can still buy them for as little as $2.00 and sell them for as much as $2.23.
3. Doubling Cube (Fifth Dawn)
From $6.33 to $7.26 (14.69%)
ADVERTISEMENT:
Doubling Cube has only been printed twice. The first time was in Fifth Dawn and them again in 10th Edition.
It is a fun inclusion in Commander decks that are looking to ramp for huge amounts of mana. It is a very nice inclusion in a Kruphix, God of Horizons deck.
Speaking of the God of Horizons you can buy them for $2.49 and sell them for $2.80. Their price tag is just simply too low for a mythic rare god in a set that was so sparsely opened.
It can also work well in conjunction with sources that produce more than one mana at a time like Nykthos.
It is a unique and powerful effect. It has spent a long time bouncing between $5 and $6. It looks like it has broken its ceiling and I could see it finally getting to $10 which will be the new value.
2. Goblin Guide (Zendikar)
From $23.53 to $28.02 (19.08%)
What can be said about Goblin Guide that has not been written dozens of times before? It is one of the most powerful one drops in Modern and Legacy burn and aggro decks. Zoo wants it. Red deck wins wants it.
This price increase is the result of building demand rather than hype. It has been quietly shocking players every turn for years and has more than earned its new price.
There are still opportunities to profit from the sudden increase. You can still buy them for as little as $20.00 and sell them for as much as $22.22.
The foil copies are still only $30.41 which is absurd. These will soon be easily $50 to $60. Grand Prix copies can still be had for $35.00
I would target the premier versions and wait for the price to adjust on them as well.
ADVERTISEMENT:
1. Keranos, God of Storms (Journey into Nyx)
From $8.87 to $16.41 (85.01%)
Unlike Kruphix, Keranos has been taking metagames by storm.
 They are going to be played in standard Temur (RUG) and Jeskai (UWR) decks. Free card draw and Lightning Bolts are powerful even if you never make them a creature.
 They are already making their way into Modern Splinter Twin, Jeskai Control and Temur Delver decks. A lot of players are toying with them in the sideboard and some are already moving them main deck.
Legacy decks are running them in Jeskai Miracles.
This is to say nothing of commander and even some vintage play.
 They are the mythic rare from a third set that was barely opened before Conspiracy took over the drafting tables.
I had an arbitrage opportunity for you but it dried up in the time it took me to write this article. There are still a few $10 copies out there but I would hurry to get those as well. I think they will see $20 soon.
10 Big Losers of the Week
10. Glen Elendra Archmage (Eventide)
From $7.51 to $6.78 (-9.72%)
Glen Elendra Archmage was reprinted in Modern Masters.
It is used in modern Kiki Pod and UB Faeries as repeatable permission on an evasive threat or chump blocker that comes back asking for more.
It has even found its way into a Vintage Sultai (BUG) Survival Madness deck. It is trying to recover from the reprint but it may take a bit longer to gain any appreciable traction. This is a good long term hold but if you are looking for quick profits I would look elsewhere.
9. Thalia, Guardian of Thraben (Dark Ascension)
From $5.40 to $4.78 (-11.48%)
Speaking of good speculation opportunities here is a role player in Modern and Legacy Death and Taxes, Zoo and Hatebears.
 They are a powerful aggressive creature and can keep control players a turn behind for as long as they are alive. They have recently $9 and I think they can go even higher. I would gladly trade for as many copies of them as I could find for under $5.
8. Ad Nauseam (Shards of Alara)
From $4.49 to $3.87 (-13.81%)
The other part of the Maralen combo deck and the namesake card for Modern Ad Nauseam and Legacy ANT and TES decks.
It is a draw card unlike any other. It can enable you to draw your entire deck in one fell swoop but requires very strict deck building limitations. It was a bulk rare until earlier this year when everyone collectively took notice of its place in metagame.
It needs to prove itself. The deck can be finicky and difficult to play. I love crazy combo decks that come out of nowhere and utilize cards that seem borderline unplayable but I would like to see this dip a little more before reinvesting in it. Try to see if you can get them at $3.
7. Amulet of Vigor (Worldwake)
From $4.16 to $3.56 (-14.42%)
Like Ad Nauseam the Amulet came of nowhere and created a combo deck that plays cards you have never worried about before. Hive Mind? Ravnica bouncelands?
Unlike Ad Nauseam it does see success from time to time which encourage other players to try out the deck.
A Bloom Titan deck made the semi finals in PTQ Khans of Tarkir in Roswell, Georgia on 8/23/2014.
I expect you will be seeing more Amulets untapping things soon. Six months ago it was over $10 which makes it a comfortable pickup at $3.
6. Rootbound Crag (M10)
From $2.68 to $2.28 (-14.93%)
The M10 “buddy lands” or “check lands” are undervalued. Any casual or commander deck can utilize these with shocklands which are about as low as you will ever see or fetchlands which are becoming cheaper by the hour.
They are usually perfect on any turn except the first.
Modern Temur (RUG) Tempo decks have even started using a copy main deck.
The M11 copies can be purchased for as little as $0.76 and sold for as much as $0.81.
The M13 copies can be bought for $1.00 and sold for $1.01. These margins are not meant to incentivize you to try to pinch pennies on your route to profit but to show that they are actively being bought and sold at the same price. This means they are a minimal risk and easy to liquidate. Any casual player would love to have more copies of these dual lands and any store will probably give you back your money.
They are as safe as you can get in modern real estate investments.
5. Choice of Damnations (Saviors of Kamigawa)
From $4.00 to $3.40 (-15.00%)
Choice of Damnation is only ever played in the most cruel control casual or commander decks.
There are ways to maximize the value of the card like It That Betrays or Exquisite Blood.
It can have a dramatic effect but even if you do run it you will not want many copies.
I expect that this will continue to decline in value. Wizard keeps printing more mana sinks and demons that create board presence while antagonizing your opponents. This may make for a hair raising moment or two but it is not worth building your deck around.
4. Mirrorweave (Shadowmoor)
From $2.34 to $1.95 (-16.67%)
This johnny card is another one near and dear to my heart. I think the last time I thought about it was when Biovisionary was printed.
It is a cute trick but much too situational. There will always be johnnies looking out for the next combo but I would not want to hold onto more than a couple of copies at the most.
You can still buy them for as little as $1.75 and sell them for $1.91.
3. Door of Destinies (Morningtide)
From $4.53 to $3.77 (-16.78%)
Door of Destinies has lots of casual appeal. It is colorless and adapts to the tribe of your choice. Unfortunately all of the M14 copies are getting ready to rotate and so players that have been holding onto copies waiting for slivers or minotaur tribe to become a thing are going to be unloading them.
This has led to a slight price disparity. You can buy them for $1.25 and sell them for $1.82.
It will never be a bulk rare bue to casual appeal but I think it will go down to $2 after rotation.
2. Sword of Feast and Famine (Mirrodin Beseiged)
From $22.87 to $17.99 (-21.34%)
Sword of Feast and Famine has been reprinted in the Modern Event Deck and so new copies have been entering the marketplace.
This supply shock has depressed the price. I think that this creates an excellent opportunity to purchase some cheap copies. It is used in Modern UB Faeries and can easily find its way into any deck that wants to disrupt hands and keep mana open on their opponents turn.
Legacy uses it for Jeskai Delver, Esper Stoneblade and even Bant Delver.
It is a popular inclusion in cubes and commander decks.
You can even buy them for $12.00 and sell them for $12.40 but I would hold onto them. It is only a matter of time before it gets back to $25 to $30.
1. Onslaught Fetchlands
From an average of $59.22 to $45.40 (-23.00%)
You knew that this was coming. I have updated this section more than any other throughout the week.
Let us take a moment and see how the individual fetches have been affected so far.
Bloodstained Mire (Onslaught)
From $40.59 to $33.71 (-16.95%)
It is currently used in Legacy ANT, Imperial Painter and Burn decks.
Polluted Delta (Onslaught)
From $88.64 to $70.31 (-20.68%)
It is used in Shardless Sultai, Sultai Delver, Temur Delver, 4 Color Delvers and Esper Stoneblade.
Windswept Heath (Onslaught)
From $42.99 to $33.74 (-21.51%)
It is used in Legacy Elves, Maverick, Zoo and Nic Fit.
Wooded Foothills (Onslaught)
From $46.99 to $33.99 (-27.67%)
It is used in Legacy Elves, Temur Delver, Imperial Painter, Nic Fit and Zoo.
Flooded Strand (Onslaught)
From $76.91 to $55.24 (-28.18%)
It is in Legacy Jeskai Miracles, Temur Delver, OmniTell and Esper Stoneblade.
The reprinting of the ally instead of the enemy fetchlands opens up several interesting questions. You can and should read Travis' article about it in depth here but I will add a few thoughts.
The ally fetchlands only appeal to one wedge each. The enemy fetchlands would have each had two fetchlands that they could use to fix their mana. This could Wizard' attempt to make sure that the right wedge gets its own mana fixing but who is not first picking a fetchland 90% of the time regardless of what they are playing?
The Zendikar fetchlands stand to lose quite a bit from their modern monopoly.
Each fetchland can find seven of the ten shocklands. There is no reason to fixate on any one fetchland even if you are running a two color deck. The number of lands that can find your Steam Vents has now gone from three to seven and you will be able to purchase a play set for what a single Scalding Tarn costs. There is no way that the current price can hold.
If you are holding onto any fetchlands from either cycle that you are not actively playing with I would dump them as soon as you can.You will be able to purchase them back and them some in a few months. Take a look at what the prices of shocklands or Thoughtseize have done to get a glimpse.
There were several arbitrage opportunities for the Onslaught copies but those dried up before I could get this out to you. That is how quick and dramatic this has been.
I should also caution that this goes for the normal copies only. Old border foils tend to hold their value better especially when the new artwork is not as nice as the original. I do not know anyone who thought that what Flooded Strand really needed was a dragon carcass taking most of the focus.
Standard should be pretty dynamic over the next few months. Anyone who wants to play a wedge will have access to an ally fetchland, two enemy painlands, fetchland, three scrylands and Mana Confluence. You will be able to make your mana do pretty much whatever you want with various tradeoffs between each one.
It will be exciting.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Editor's note: This article was first published when Satya Nadella was appointed CEO of Microsoft. In light of their visit to India, we are re-publishing the article.
Is the appointment of Satya Nadella a feather in India's cap or a slap in the face for the Indian system?
While Indian newspapers were over the moon about Nadella's elevation, with some justification, there is another side to the story we need to consider: why is it that India's tech and other geniuses flower only in the US or Silicon Valley?
Why is it that every India-origin person to win a Nobel after independence in the sciences is not an Indian citizen any more? Hargobind Khurana won the prize for medicine in 1968, Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar for physics in 1983 and Venkatraman Ramakrishnan for chemistry in 2009. All of them flowered only because they left India, and not because they were Indians per se. They left India behind.
In fact, Ramakrishnan was downright rude when Indians called to congratulate them in 2009. They said: “We are all human beings, and our nationality is simply an accident of birth.” They also complained about “all sorts of people” writing to them and “clogging up my email box. It takes me an hour or two to just remove their mails.”
While their immediate reaction may seem churlish to us, underlying it all is the real issue: our “Indian” successes abroad have little to do with the fact that they are Indian. They succeed because they abandoned India.
We need to ask ourselves: why does our system kill future heroes, while the US helps raise even ordinary Indians to iconic levels? It would not be out of place to mention that it is well-nigh impossible for 99 percent of Indian aspirants to get admissions even to an IIT or IIM, but it is far simpler to get into an Ivy League institution. If you don't get into an IIM, you try Harvard.
The short point: our system is designed to keep people out, not get them in. The true value of an IIT or IIM is not the intellectual capital they produce, but their filtering expertise – which keeps all but the superlisters out of these institutions. When the people entering the institution are the best among the best, they will shine no matter what the quality of faculty or the curriculum.
Perhaps this comes from our caste system, where castes try and keep others out, but we are stuck with this system of exclusion.
Our system encourages talkers rather than doers.We think this makes us “argumentative” and democratic, but what this actually makes us is obstructionist rather than problem solvers. Our politics is about name-calling and running others down, not about doing something yourself. A Narasimha Rao and a Vajpayee who achieved something are voted out; a UPA-1 which did little beyond distributing taxpayers' resources is voted in.
This is one reason why we celebrate the rare achievers so highly: TN Seshan, who armed the Election Commission with real teeth, Vinod Rai, who made CAG a household name, and E Sreedharan, the former boss of the Delhi Metro. And yet, we find the political class carping about them and calling them dictators.
This is also the reason why we prefer autocratic rulers rather than democratic ones: we know we talk more than we act. To get things done, we prefer an autocrat to rule over us rather than exercise self-discipline as democrats. All our successful political parties are one-person shows. The latest heading in that direction is BJP – which was all talk and no achievement for 10 years in opposition till Narendra Modi came along and was lauded for being a doer.
If leaders emerge from our system, it's due to a historical accident. As Ramchandra Guha points out in their book Patriots and Partisans, if Lal Bahadur Shastri had lived five more years, Indira Gandhi would not have been PM and Sonia Gandhi would still be a housewife.
We are risk-avoiders rather than risk takers. This is why we prescribe endless paperwork and bureaucracy for simple things like opening a bank account or buying a mobile phone connection. A terrorist would have used an untraceable mobile number – after which every Indian buying a mobile will be put through hoops to prove they are a bonafide consumer. This does not catch any terrorist, but the idea is for officials to avoid the risk that fingers will be pointed at you saying you did nothing to prevent terrorism. So orders will be issued to tighten the system and make things worse for everybody.
A scam will happen somewhere. Suddenly files stop moving in every ministry. Forest clearances will take ages – or never happen. The risk of being seen as doing something wrong is great. And so the buck is passed to someone else in the system.
Sonia and Rahul want to be seen as do-gooders. So the dirty work of reform will be handed over to Manmohan Singh – who is another risk-avoider. They will do nothing and allow the A Rajas to loot the exchequer rather than do their job. Doing nothing is safer than asking tough questions of their babus or ministers.
The BJP and other opposition leaders know that populist laws like the Food Security and Land Acquisition laws will damage the fiscal balance. But they too avoid risks by keeping quiet when wrong laws are passed.
As a people, we are risk-avoiders as well. We know the IITs and IIMs are the way to big jobs. So when our kids want to become artists or cricketers, we tell them to forget it and study for IIT-JEE or CAT, never mind your own passion.
Our engineers stop being engineers and start coding; they then opt for doing an MBA and become lousy man managers. Meanwhile, our engineering companies are starved of engineers.
We are simply unable to tolerate success. If Modi talks about a Gujarat model, everybody has to bring it down. If Rahul claims their government's biggest achievement is the RTI, everyone will belittle it. If Chidambaram claims high growth as UPA's success, the Left will say this growth is not helping the poor. If we say poverty has reduced, others will say it hasn't. If it has, our definition of poverty must be wrong.
We celebrate mediocrity, rather than excellence. Our system kills initiative rather than engender it. We want pliable yes-men and non-achievers around us, not non-conformists and people with ideas of their own.
Our successes are more the result of accident than real effort. The 1991 external bankruptcy forced us to reform and liberalise. Manmohan Singh's reformism ended with that accident. Another accident made them PM in 2004, but they did little to use this chance to reform further. We are paying the price for theirs risk-aversion.
A Satya Nadella, who is from Manipal , would never have made it big in India since they are not from the IITs. But even IITians don't flower much in an Indian corporate or academic environment; they leave India and prefer working with foreign firms.
If Satya Nadella had remained in India, they would probably be working as a coder in Infosys or TCS. Earning a high salary no doubt, but an unlikely candidate for CEO.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
On March 18, 1863, a group of about fifty women, all wives and mothers of Confederate soldiers, participated in what would become known as the Salisbury Bread Riot. The women blamed speculators for driving up the prices of necessary items during the Union blockade. Struggling to provide for their families, they banded together against the businesses that they suspected of speculating and demanded government prices for goods.
Michael Brown, the owner of a local store, recalled that when they refused to deal with them, the women attempted to break down their storeroom door with hatchets. Finally they decided to give them ten barrels of flour if they would leave. By the end of the day the women had obtained “twenty three barrels of flour, two sacks of salt, about half a barrel of molasses and twenty dollars in money.”
The group later wrote to Governor Zebulon Vance to explain their unpleasant, but justified, actions. The Carolina Watchman, a local newspaper, commented on the event but did not place blame on the women. The editors instead blamed the ineffectiveness of the government to provide enough food for the families at home. This event ultimately led to better rationing of government resources to aid Civil War soldiers' families.
Other related resources:
Cold Rain And Snow, Mama Tried, Dire Wolf, Big Boss Man, Morning Dew, Mason's Children, Me And My Uncle, Hard To Handle* Long Black Limousine**, Seasons Of My Heart**, Saw Mill, Old, Old House, The Race Is On acoustic: Black Peter > Little Sadie > All Around This World, Katie Mae, Cumberland Blues
Phil's amp fails, forcing an unscheduled acoustic set to close the show with. Jerry plays electric guitar for some of the acoustic set. This is also the day that the Dead were busted by the New Orleans police before the show, prompting some appropriate stage banter. The recording was normalized with Sound Forge, which was also used to edit a few small blemishes.
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: c-freedom - favorite favorite favorite - January 31, 2015
Subject: The revolution is over and you can all go home Never taking themselves too seriously or getting to caught up in the trials and tribulations of the world around them.
There are a bunch of acoustic gems here.
I am surprised they didn't play
Long Black Limousine more often
it is such the tragic irony song.
Bobby sounds great on SEASONS.
With all the rare tunes here it is possible to overlook the standards like Black Peter
but care should be taken to imbibe deeply. - January 31, 2015The revolution is over and you can all go home
Reviewer: njpg - favorite favorite favorite - February 1, 2013
Subject: Very good & full of magic. Even with the deep history aside, there is a special spark to this show. Thanks! - February 1, 2013Very good & full of magic.
Reviewer: doug_the_dude - favorite favorite favorite - January 30, 2013
Subject: -- Beautiful - the accidental acoustic show following their release from jail due to a blown amp - I tell you, this is almost cinematically historical, it's so famous.
THe electric stuff is well-done - Morning Dew in those days was more often played in the first set, and Jerry does it sweet justice. But the acoustic stuff is why you are here - they keep us abreast of the situation throughout these numbers - the first half-dozen or so for a nicely subdued, congenial Bobby, Jerry throwing some of their own tunes in there later.
The quality of this recording is what makes it so special - it's hissy, but so, so fragile and delicate, as the best-captured acoustic sets sound - they balance these old vs. new tunes on a knife's-edge throughout, and the energy here is positively, heatedly charged. It's this "negative space" that drives the show as much as any one of those strums on the acoustic guitar.
BTW, the night before has some wonderful electric material - don't overlook it! - January 30, 2013--
Reviewer: happy2balive - favorite favorite favorite - January 31, 2012
Subject: What a Treat! I love these shows from "this date in history".
Always seem to find something that is a wonderful surprise. This is an AMAZING find. Love the acoustic set! - January 31, 2012What a Treat!
Reviewer: Greyfoldedsom - - January 23, 2009
Subject: Is This All There Is?
Somewhere along this portion of the spring 70 tours was TC's last show with GD, eh? Concert poster at Wunnerful just wunnerful. But i wish to get the other 2 shows of this 3 show run, though 1-31 is so far the only date i've seen in circ. Show 1 was my friend RW's first, though like me they had attended the New Orleans Intl. Pop festival in Prarieville the previous Sept., 2 weeks after Woodstock & featuring many of the same artists. GD played just before Janis on day 2 but neither RW nor myself consider it our first..all the music blasting from the stage that weekend sounded like hopped-up psyched-out Bugs Bunny theme music. Must've been the doses. RW reported on the Warehouse set the next day in school..how after The Flock & Fleetwood Mac played these 'scruffy cowboy dudes' crossed the catwalk through the rafters and down to the stage & proceeded to emit 'bubble music'. The Warehouse was a century-old drygoods storage facility set directly on the river bank upriver from downtown on Tchopitoulas. It had rafter-crossed ceilings and support posts throughout (always the first spots grabbed because they were swell to sit against before curtain and swell to stand in front of). Sources say these shows were the venue's first and for the next 12 years the old barn saw the best of the best. The first few months saw Allman Bros. w/ Pink Floyd stop by (of course the Floyd's loaded equipment truck was driven away by thieves) and from then on it seemed ABB were dead-set upon playing this room as often as possible, including 2 consecutive New Year's Eve shows. Then came the intensely bittersweet New Years show without Duane, their first gig since their passing. And it was there that Jim Morrison wandered offstage mid-set and morphed to Paris, never to return. Thing about "A Warehouse" (as it referred to itself in flyers, ads & tickets) was that it was the deep south stop for artists who played the big houses on the coasts. Townshend & Dylan have said the joint was special to them & they regard it with the same fondness held for the Fillmores and funky rock joints in Europe in which they came of age years before. The place had no ventilation so in summer they'd park a row of ice trucks along the side of the building, run giant hoses from the trucks up through second story openings and blast fan-forced cool air out into the room. I caught The Who in the middle of the '71 'Who's Next" tour there & the feeling was exactly like going over that first big drop on a roller coaster..and it never let-up. I was humbled by the experience. Good ol' Warehouse.Somewhere along this portion of the spring 70 tours was TC's last show with GD, eh? Concert poster at http://forums.wolfgangsvault.com/forums/thread/11343.aspx - January 23, 2009Is This All There Is?
Reviewer: cmcottrell - favorite favorite favorite - November 27, 2008
Subject: KRVS DJ Curtis Cottrell
My cut up impressions of this concert are recorded at
Other record reviews are at I introduced this show. I worked for the college radio station in Lafayette, LA from 1968 to 1983. I had hitchhiked to New Orleans and volunteered to work as a stagehand for Beaver Productions. Little did I know it would forshadow my future. I still work with some of those guys!My cut up impressions of this concert are recorded at http://cmcottrell.tripod.com/curtxt/id28.html Other record reviews are at http://cmcottrell.tripod.com/deconscription/id133.html - November 27, 2008KRVS DJ Curtis Cottrell
Reviewer: _August_West_ - favorite favorite favorite - September 6, 2008
Subject: Devo's Picks #2
Follow the tour: 1970
gratefuldeadlive.blogspot.com This is a great show and there are two reasons to appreciate it. One, is that this the show just after the infamous bust which inspired the classic "Trucking". Two, although the band had begun to play some acoustic material late 69, this is the first 'Acoustic Dead' show of 1970, possibly because Phil's busted amp, possibly not, but whatever spurned the 'Acoustic Dead', it is the hallmark of 1970 shows and reveals the band's urge to step out of a pure psychedelic sound and back into their folk roots.Follow the tour: 1970 - September 6, 2008Devo's Picks #2
Reviewer: oh_uh_um_ah - favorite favorite favorite - April 4, 2008
Subject: When things go wrong you keep Truckin' Despite being busted that afternoon, and then Phil's amp blowing up during the show, the DEAD conquer what looks like a Voo-Doo Coup d'etat in SIN CITY with their roots, ACCOUSTIC DEAD! WOW!
Katie Mae is incredible. A must-have. Pigpen is captivating. The whole show rocks, but the accoustic set is pure gold, and if Phil's amp didn't blow, it never would have happened. Sometimes bad things happen at the wrong time and good things come from it.
A great show from begining to end, the Boys show their professionalism despite the all the crap going wrong, and they never sounded better. I am amazed they were able to switch to an accoustic show and sing and play the songs as if they planned the show that way. Great accoustic set.
FIVE STARS! Thanks for sharing this show with us.
Thanks for the love. - April 4, 2008When things go wrong you keep Truckin'
Reviewer: adeadhead6695 - favorite favorite favorite - January 11, 2008
Subject: busted down on bourbob street surprised noone has mentioned this is the notourius show the dead got set up like a bowlin pin that afternoon, very good show overall, subpar for the time period though, acoustic special gem set, pig pen at their best throughout the show - January 11, 2008busted down on bourbob street
Reviewer: sblue0308 - favorite favorite favorite - December 25, 2006
Subject: Workingman's Dead Whether y'all know it or not you just heard what should have been the second album of Workingman's Dead. Stumbled on to this site when I have seen Little Sadie. Glad I did. Jerry never ceases to amaze me. If you know how to get it, grab it while you still can whether it be analog or CD. Really good stuff. - December 25, 2006Workingman's Dead
Reviewer: williscat2000 - favorite favorite - June 14, 2006
Subject: good show great to hear the acoustic stuff. Standard good SBD quality. Next. - June 14, 2006good show
Reviewer: DeadDave - favorite favorite - April 17, 2006
Subject: There is a way Any show can be kept. Use your "Temporary Internet Files" folder.
Show-wise this is very rich with emotion. - April 17, 2006There is a way
Reviewer: KowBoy420247 - favorite favorite favorite - February 10, 2006
Subject: Don't Forget About Katie May... She;ll Treat you right... It's a Rare occasion when such a rare gem as this is shown to the world - simple - 3 CHORDS and the TRUTH - Thats the Blues my Friends ;o)Katie May is Spot On Incredible - too bad we can't download them anymore... - February 10, 2006Don't Forget About Katie May... She;ll Treat you right...
Reviewer: KowBoy420247 - favorite favorite favorite - February 10, 2006
Subject: Don't Forget About Katie May... She;ll Treat you right... It's a Rare occasion when such a rare gem as this is shown to the world - simple - 3 CHORDS and the TRUTH - Thats the Blues my Friends ;o)Katie May is Spot On Incredible - too bad we can't download them anymore... - February 10, 2006Don't Forget About Katie May... She;ll Treat you right...
Reviewer: capn doubledose - favorite favorite favorite - January 30, 2006
Subject: Buster down in New Orleans Here it is folks. There is some good stuff in here but at the end of the day these guys do the gig honorably but you can tell they are pissed and do not want to be there all of the songs are pretty short (album sized) with none of the outsized wailing common in this era. Then Phil's bass amp goes.... Upshot: Not their night. - January 30, 2006Buster down in New Orleans
Reviewer: jammy - favorite favorite - October 22, 2005
Subject: Acoustic Set The acoustic set has some nice gems. Donwlaod it for that alone. The electric set is average for the year (I like 1970). - October 22, 2005Acoustic Set
Reviewer: familiarfan - favorite favorite - May 28, 2005
Subject: Venting some anger That is one of the best Hard to Handle's from 1970 I've yet to hear.
Good amount of intensity on Mr.Garcia's part. - May 28, 2005Venting some anger
Reviewer: gravelydead - favorite favorite favorite - April 1, 2005
Subject: Misfortune turned to gold Out of Phil's amp mishap comes this special second set. Some say it couldn't have turned out this good if it were planned. Gotta love it. - April 1, 2005Misfortune turned to gold
Reviewer: cardgamermanguy - favorite favorite - March 26, 2005
Subject: Pigpen From what I understand this is the show where they put pigpen back on organ. (I might be wrong.) - March 26, 2005Pigpen
Reviewer: phishphreak81686 - favorite favorite - March 25, 2005
Subject: . only heard it a couple of times but i love the race is on - March 25, 2005
Reviewer: Muddy69 - favorite favorite favorite - March 5, 2005
Subject: Saw Mill ! Yes , it's true , Saw Mill , right here for the taking. One of a number of rareley played songs on this fine recording. There is some hiss , but the recording is acceptable. Altogherther a pretty interesting show. It's worth it. - March 5, 2005Saw Mill !
Internal Rotation
Now, let's feel internal rotation, which your subscapularis controls. As you sit, come into external rotation with your arms in front of you. Now rotate your elbows out, biceps toward each other, and triceps up. A gaston, or thumbs down jam, right? We do these movements in climbing all the time! Try engaging into your muscles in between the shoulder blades while holding the internal rotation. It is not as easy to access these muscles!
Internal Rotation
This is a bit besides the point, but also is a great point for hanging on holds, or hanging on the hangboard.
External rotation is not only necessary while on your hands in yoga practice, but it is also necessary to maintain while climbing (unless forced to internally rotate as mentioned before) and especially when hanging on the hangboard. The last rotator cuff muscle is the supraspinatus, which mostly assists the deltoids in lifting the arms out to the side.
Yoga can be incredibly therapeutic for your shoulders. It is a great way to both stretch and strengthen the individual rotator cuff muscles, which inevitably keeps them healthy! Check out the video at the top of this post to take a close look at which poses stretch the individual rotator cuff muscles and which strengthen them.
Want to learn more? Check out these resources for expert advice:
Hang Just Right: Shoulder Maintenance for Climbers (Black Diamond). This is a great article that explains why external rotation is imperative to use and understand.
"When I watched Babsi climb and train, I saw them hanging slightly “loose” as they rested while climbing at the gym and training on the hangboard. Them upper arms rotated subtly inward while their shoulder blades scrunched slightly toward their ears. They aren't using the muscles of their shoulder girdle to optimally position their arm in relation to their shoulder blade, and their shoulder blade with their spine. It became clear that a habitual, almost undetectable, sub-optimal movement pattern led to pinching of the joint space, and irritation of the biceps tendon at their shoulder."
How to Strengthen Your Shoulders + Avoid Injury (Yoga Journal)
About the Author
Erin Ayla is a lifelong athlete who has been practicing yoga since 2004. As a kid, they were a high-level competitive gymnast, then a freestyle snowboarder as well as a dedicated yogi in their early 20s. Athletic and creative movement has always been an anchor in their life. At age 26, they walked into a top-rope gym. At that time they were still searching for a lifelong sport to dedicate themselves to, and the instant they began climbing, they knew they had found it.  They are now a dedicated yogi and climber based in Estes Park, Colorado.
Connect with Erin:
SHARE THE GLORY
SUPERQOT is an unholy concoction of the following bits and pieces:
QUAKE by id Software:
What you see is based on the original Quake (1996) by id Software - one of the most important games ever created. The version you're able to play here is a shareware / demo distribution you can still find on id Software FTP server: ftp://ftp.idsoftware.com/idstuff/quake/quake106.zip. It has its rendering engine replaced and a bit of scripting added to make you jump straight into the action, but otherwise - it's just good old Quake.
If you never played the original then go and download a modern version and start fragging! Hell, even if you did play the original you should still go and play it again. You'll find lots of info on the Interwebs about running Quake on modern Windows and other systems using various updated ports of the Quake Engine. This one is a good example http://quakeone.com/freequake/en.html.
DARKPLACES by LordHavoc:
The engine that this version is using is the magnificent DarkPlaces port created by LordHavoc. It's one of the most well built and maintained Quake Engine ports in existence. You can find the original source code and binaries here: https://icculus.org/twilight/darkplaces/. Great place to start modding and experimenting if you're into retro stuff.
WINEBOTTLER by Mike Kronenberg:
As a shortcut, SUPERQOT for Mac OS X is packaged as a Wine application using WineBottler. It allows the Windows version of SUPERQOT to run on OS X without the need to rebuild it on a Mac. Nifty stuff! For more information on WineBottler visit http://winebottler.kronenberg.org/
We modified the engine a wee bit to accommodate for the SUPERHOT mechanics and art style. If you'd like to get your hands on the source code modifications, please contact tom@superhotgame.com for a copy.
Happy 1st of April! Stay awesome!
The SUPERHOT Team
The gender gap in venture capital (and fundraising in general) has been talked about so much you'd think by now we'd have talked the problem to death. But no. At last count women made up a measly 6% of the partners at VC firms in the US with a whopping 77% of firms admiting they've never had a female partner. It's a problem that's persevered with such tenacity, fixing it sometimes feels impossible. Unless you're Elizabeth Galbut and Pocket Sun, that is; two female, twenty-something VCs who just launched their own firm, SoGal Ventures — in other words, they are clear exceptions to the norm in the investment world.
Galbut and Sun met at The Insider's Guide to Silicon Valley Investing (IGSVI), a two week course organized by 500 Startups and the Stanford Center for Professional Development. Though they were both already working on other organizations they'd individually launched, it didn't take the two long to hatch the idea of launching their own firm, one that treated diversity as a strength, not a weakness.
That, alone, is worth an in-depth interview, but then in July, Galbut published a piece about SoGal in Medium, “Yes, I'm a 26 y/o Female Venture Capitalist. Here's How & Why:” The post instantly went viral in the entrepreneurial and investment communities, re-energizing the conversation on gender in fundraising, but this time Galbut and Sun have injected an infectious sense of optimism and determination into the conversation.
We asked Galbut about their vision for SoGal, what they've learned so far, and why they wanted to write that Medium piece in the first place.
So, why start your own firm? Why not start as an associate at a VC firm?
Pocket and I both wanted to get into venture capital, but from our experience going to conferences, meeting venture capitalists, and talking to other women in the industry, it didn't seem like the VC firm we wanted actually existed. It seemed like a very unfriendly place to women. One of the speakers in the course, Jason Calacanis, said to us, “You could probably take a year or two figuring out how to get into VC by applying everywhere, meeting everyone. But when you get there you're probably not going to like what you find. Or you could take that year or two, work your ass off and see if you can create a new type of venture capital firm with your own goals and views on the world.” We were really inspired by that, so we decided to go forth and create SoGal Ventures.
You've mentioned that you had some experiences that weren't so positive. Any specifics?
I heard things I couldn't believe people would actually say out loud. I would hear, for instance, “We don't hire women at our firm, and even if we made an exception, nobody would respect their opinion anyway.” That was the general attitude I found. That attitude is definitely not something that Pocket and I aspired to build.
How can this problem still run so rampant?
I don't know. You know, this all happened before the Ellen Pao case. So it might be a little bit different now. But I've heard a lot of CEOs say it's a pipeline problem, that because there aren't enough women who are billion dollar startup operators, men end up being venture capitalists, but Pocket and I don't agree with that. There is definitely value in being a startup operator before a VC, but we don't think that there's a single path to becoming a venture capitalist. So we disagree with the argument that it's a pipeline problem. And it's funny because when you look at a lot of the firm websites, they make themselves look diverse by putting their admin assistant on the top row of their page, but there are very few firms that actually have women on their investing teams.
SoGal is an interesting name choice. How did you come up with it?
Pocket had created this network for entrepreneurship in Southern California, a play off So Cal, and we wanted to have SoGal Ventures be a brand extension of that. But we always say it's kind of serendipitous too because my last name is Galbut. So it has, the first three letters of my last name in it, and then their last name is Sun, but depending on where you are in Asia, some people pronounce it like “So”. It ends up our names mashing together. But they had the name before they even met me.
Where are you at with SoGal at the moment?
Right now we're still in the initial craze, and it's ongoing. On average it takes the first fund about twelve to eighteen months to raise their initial capital. So that's the phase we're in right now. Part of what we've been trying to do is reach out to as many people in the VC community as well as the wider investment community, to just meet with them, share our ideas on what we're trying to build, and hear their experiences. We want to truly understand them and make sure we're working towards the right need. And we've found such support, especially from women in the VC community. They they give us advice, they review some of the documents we put together. They've been volunteering their time and energy and connections almost endlessly because they really believe in what we're building.
Do you talk to other female-led venture firms in a more informal capacity? Is there a real sense of community?
So there's definitely a few of them that we talk to a ton. And we've reached out to all of them just to learn from them. There are communities in LA, New York, and San Francisco for female venture capitalists and female associates. A group out of New York that meets about every two months screened a movie in Central Park just yesterday. The entire list of women VCs in New York is around 30-40, and that includes people who are entry level associates. Compare that to any other profession. Can you imagine if there were only 40 women consultants in New York? That would be insane.
What kind of surprises have you encountered so far?
We always hoped men would support us, but one of the most surprising things we've experienced is the number of men, who have daughters in high school or college, who've reached out to us to thank us for what we're doing. They'll say, “You're building a better world for our daughters.” We're really touched by how much support we've received from the father contingency.
What spurred you to write that piece on Medium?
One of things they really emphasized at our course with 500 Startups is that there aren't a lot of women bloggers in VC. So I decided I was going to write a blog post. In a minimal-viable-product sort of way I was kind of announcing what we were up to. And the outpour of support really validated our idea; it gave us the confidence to move forward without any hesitation.
When you wrote the Medium piece, did you anticipate the attention?
No. I really thought it was going to get 60 views, 49 of them being from my mom. But it kind of took on a life of its own. It was really exciting. This was the first time I'd ever blogged since my Livejournal days. I have a few friends who've been through similar experiences, and we've talked a lot about what it means to have something to go viral. You have a kind of social responsibility when you have that momentum. I had no idea this would happen so I never planned how I would respond if it got really big, but that's what's amazing about blogging and writing and Medium: It really democratizes thought leadership.
Now, two months later, has the reaction changed at all?
When I meet people they'll say, “Yeah, I read your Medium post.” Which is really kind of weird and exciting at the same time. But it's helped us get other opportunities, meet with individuals we wouldn't otherwise have the chance to meet with. And I think it changed the conversation a bit. Now we can basically reach out to any VC, and instead of being the girls asking for jobs, we're known as the girls doing this crazy thing. There's a sort of underlying respect that we get in return. I think people really respected that we were courageous enough to put ourselves out there and tell people what we were doing at such an early stage, even though there's a hundred ways we could still fail from today to a few years from now.
When you think back to the people who've made a huge impact on your professional career, who comes to mind?
First, I'd say, the female bosses I had while I was at Deloitte. They both had this amazing ability to help me understand what my strengths were and what my weaknesses were. They were really feedback oriented, but they never made me feel like I'd done something wrong, it was always a learning moment. I never would have have discovered my interest in design centered entrepreneurship and innovation without working with them. On a daily basis they took the time to sit down with me, talk to me, get to know me. We're always focused on getting stuff done as quickly as possible, but they both had this long game mindset. Talking to me, understanding me, and having me understand what they were looking for really paid off for everyone in the end.
What advice would you give younger professionals?
Always, in any role, be a sponge. Learn as much as humanely possible from the experience you're currently having. With that in mind, instead of focusing on how to make yourself look successful, figure out the ways you can make the people you're working for look successful. By doing so you'll become an invaluable asset and in the end you'll be successful yourself.
If you're interested in learning more about women and diversity in leadership, check out our event in San Francisco.
AMHERST, N.Y. -- Bundled up and not backing down - that was the message University at Buffalo students brought to North Campus as they braved frigid temperatures to protest President Donald Trump.
“We care. We're part of a UB community that stands against hate, stands against Islamophobia, or any aggression that comes across to any sorts of minority groups or people,” said Samiha Islam of the Muslim Student Association.
Friday's march was put together by the Black Law and Muslim Student Associations. Senovia Cuevas explained the President's Executive Orders left many at UB “disgruntled.”
“It goes beyond the color line or religious lines, it really comes down to a humanistic level and it's not okay,” said Cuevas, a second year law student. “We understand the fears that are associated with everything that is happening.”
“If legislators continue hearing these voices, I hope something will change. I believe something will change," said Warsan Salah, a sophomore.
After making a lap around campus, they were met back in the quad with a counter-protest. Those students said they came from varied groups like College Republicans and Young Americans for Freedom.
“We weren't really here to be aggressive or counter-productive toward anything, we just want to have an open discourse with students in this school,” said Joseph Famulari, a junior.
Famulari, a Republican but not a Trump supporter, added they attempted to converse with the other group, but claims they were met with obscene gestures.
“It just needs to be done in a way there's no screaming, no rudeness,” said Famulari. “And kind of what's happening behind me, I'd love to have a conversation with this person behind me about where we can both go to advance the country.”
It's something they and Cuevas can agree upon. They said both sides just need to hear each other out.
“Like I tried to do today, talking with one another, hearing each other's views might be a nice way to come to a middle ground and if not, at least we understand where each other are coming from,” Cuevas said.
For the film based on this term, see The Spanish Prisoner
The Spanish Prisoner is a confidence trick originating in the late 19th century.[1] In its original form, the confidence trickster tells their victim (the mark) that they are (or is in correspondence with) a wealthy person of high estate who has been imprisoned in Spain under a false identity. Some versions had the imprisoned person being an unknown or remote relative of the mark.[2] Supposedly the prisoner cannot reveal their identity without serious repercussions, and is relying on a friend (the confidence trickster) to raise money to secure their release.[2] In this classic pigeon drop game archetype, the confidence trickster offers to let the mark put up some of the funds, with a promise of a greater monetary reward upon release of the prisoner plus a non-pecuniary incentive, gaining the hand of a beautiful woman represented to be the prisoner's daughter. After the mark has turned over the funds, they are informed further difficulties have arisen, and more money is needed. With such explanations, the trickster continues to press for more money until the victim is cleaned out, or declines to put up more funds.
Characteristics [ edit ]
Key features of the Spanish Prisoner trick are the emphasis on secrecy and the trust the confidence trickster apparently places in the mark not to reveal the prisoner's identity or situation. The confidence trickster will typically claim to have chosen the mark carefully, based on their reputation for honesty and straight dealing, and may appear to structure the deal so that the confidence trickster's ultimate share of the reward will be distributed voluntarily by the mark.
Modern variants [ edit ]
Modern variants of the Spanish Prisoner fraud include the advance-fee scam, in particular the Nigerian money transfer (or 419) scam.[2] In the advance-fee fraud, a valuable item must be ransomed from a warehouse, crooked customs agent, or lost-baggage facility before the authorities or thieves recognize its value. In the Nigerian variation, a self-proclaimed relative of a deposed African dictator offers to transfer millions of ill-gotten dollars into the bank account of the victim in return for small initial payments to cover bribes and other expenses. More recent examples feature people sharing the same surname as the intended victim, with the scammer guessing the surname from observing patterns in e-mail addresses, or obtaining full names from harvested email headers. Another variation spreads via hijacked Facebook accounts, where a message is sent to all the Facebook friends of the victim, claiming that the victim is in a foreign country, has been robbed, and needs one of the Facebook friends to "send money" via Western Union to pay hotel and travel bills.[citation needed]
References [ edit ]
Sneaky Pete, Season 1, Episode 6. This specific con is discussed as Marius and two other crooks hatch a particular scam.
Jack Wilshere has revealed that Arsene Wenger deliberately delayed their return to full first team training at the tail end of the season in an attempt to ensure the 22-year-old would be fully fit for the World Cup.
The midfielder sustained a fractured foot on England duty at the beginning of March and didn't feature for the Gunners until an appearance off the bench against Norwich on the final day of the season and a cameo in the FA Cup final.
Admitting they were starting to panic about whether he'd be picked for Brazil due to a lack of game time, Wilshere told the Guardian that Wenger was insistent they build their core strength knowing time was on their side.
“I was panicking a bit about the squad, I wanted to be in it.
“I thought I was ready but they [Wenger] said: ‘No, you're not. You need to train alone if you are to have a good World Cup. You need a good fitness base and to be right in every aspect.'
“That is what I am now.”
Recognising that he's not assured a start when England touch down in South America, Wilshere stressed that their first concern was just to be on the plane.
“I just wanted to be here. I would have been devastated to have missed out and I knew the work I had to put in. If I got here, I could prove to the manager [Roy Hodgson] I'm ready. I'd like to think they saw enough of me throughout the season and knew what I could do if I was fit.
“Both Roy and Gary Neville got in contact during those six weeks, which was a big thing for me. The manager said I had time to get fit and to make sure I did and that we'd have chat then.”
England play friendlies against Peru, Ecuador and Honduras in the next two weeks before they kick off their World Cup campaign against Italy on 14 June…plenty of time for Jack to get important minutes under their belt.
When VH1 debuted in 1985, it seemed like the duller, more responsible sibling of bad boy MTV. But the basic cable music network started establishing its own savvy identity in the 1990s thanks to clever original programming like Pop-Up Video, which first aired 20 years ago on October 27, 1996. By that time, music videos had long since lost their novelty appeal, but series creators Tad Low and Woody Thompson made them entertaining again by adding onscreen bubbles containing behind-the-scenes information, random fun facts, and snarky asides. As Thompson revealed in a 2015 interview with People, VH1 was originally skeptical: “Wait, you're going to have people read TV?” But the series quickly became a hit, even reigning as the network's top-rated show until Behind The Music came along. It ran until 2002, with a revival in 2011-12.
At its best, Pop-Up Video could make just about anything more enjoyable:
In retrospect, Pop-Up Video's running text commentary was a precursor to today's live-tweeting. The show's legacy also survives thanks to plenty of YouTube clips. Pop-Up Video always used a mixture of current and classic videos, with the oldies often becoming highlights. Take, for instance, the show's version of “Hello” by Lionel Richie. Thompson called this “by far the greatest video we ever popped.” With its contrived “romantic” storyline and stiff acting, “Hello” made a perfect target. But the producers did their research, too, even seeking out the sculptor who made the hideous bust of Richie that appears at the end.
Pop-Up Video always treated the videos with a certain measure of healthy irreverence. The show's take on “Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen includes interesting facts about the origins of the song and video (plus tidbits about queen bees and the planet Mercury), but the writers also threw in a digital clock that lets viewers know how much longer the six-minute epic has to go.
This page serves as a gateway to lots of Pop-Up-related content, including classic videos, homemade fan clips, and even weird offshoots like Pop-Up Brady.
Clean Android Code: Building with Gradle
Anton Averin Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 5, 2016
Clean Android Code articles series:
Gradle is a build system that was introduced to Android a couple years ago. If you are still not using it — you should. The only downside I see is that Groovy is used to write scripts, but, luckily, there is already an initiative to bring Kotlin to Gradle. It is still under development, so for now let's stick with defaults.
Project Configuration
When you start a new project, it is important to keep your build system clean, so you could easier tweak things here and there during development.
First important file you should modify is gradle.properties.
org.gradle.parallel=true
org.gradle.jvmargs=-Xmx4096m -XX:MaxPermSize=1024m -XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8
kotlin.incremental=true
Modifying it this way will speed up build process by giving gradle more memory, letting it run in parallel and using incremental compilation that was introduced in Kotlin 1.0.2
build.gradle in the root of our project is a global one, so let's define some global settings there:
ext {
versionName = "1.0" //default version name
versionCode = 1 //local build version code
//android build settings
androidBuildToolsVersion = "23.0.2"
androidMinSdkVersion = 16
androidTargetSdkVersion = 23
//packages for our project
androidApplicationIdStage = "pro.averin.anton.clean.android.cookbook.stage"
androidApplicationIdProduction = "pro.averin.anton.clean.android.cookbook"
}
It's also a good idea to put all links to maven and all global dependencies into buildscript right here, and remove it from all internal build.gradle files so we would have a single place to edit it later on.
We also apply Kotlin plugin, you can either do it via Android Studio IDE, or just put things into gradle manually
buildscript {
ext.kotlin_version = '1.0.2'
repositories {
mavenCentral()
jcenter()
maven { url "https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/" }
maven { url "https://plugins.gradle.org/m2/" }
maven { url 'https://maven.fabric.io/public' }
}
dependencies {
classpath "org.jetbrains.kotlin:kotlin-gradle-plugin:$kotlin_version"
classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:2.0.0'
classpath 'io.fabric.tools:gradle:1.+'
}
}
Another nice addition to a build system I like to do is moving all dependencies into a separate file dependencies.gradle that would look something like this:
ext {
supportLibraryVersion = ‘23.4.0'
daggerVersion = ‘2.1'
rxVersion = ‘1.1.0'
//… etc
dependencies = [
appCompat : “com.android.support:appcompat-v7:$supportLibraryVersion”,
recyclerView : “com.android.support:recyclerview-v7:$supportLibraryVersion”,
cardView : “com.android.support:cardview-v7:$supportLibraryVersion”,
supportV4 : “com.android.support:support-v4:$supportLibraryVersion”,
supportDesign : “com.android.support:design:$supportLibraryVersion”,
daggerCompiler : “com.google.dagger:dagger-compiler:$daggerVersion”,
dagger : “com.google.dagger:dagger:$daggerVersion”,
rxJava : “io.reactivex:rxjava:$rxVersion”,
rxAndroid : “io.reactivex:rxandroid:$rxVersion”,
rxPermissions : “com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions:rxpermissions:$rxPermissionsVersion@aar”
//… etc
]
}
This will let us keep build.gradle file clean, and we will have a single place to manage all of the project dependencies.
You would need to apply this file in your main build.gradle, like this:
apply from: ‘buildsystem/dependencies.gradle'
There is another big addition to the build system I would like to make. You do it once and benefit throughout the whole project. It's a Jacoco coverage — click on the link to see more details.
Jacoco
For Jacoco, I add 2 new tasks per flavour — one would be calculating code coverage for the whole project, and another one will compare your current branch with either develop or target branch you merge into(when on Jenkins), and calculate coverage only on classes that you have changed. This helps tremendously when you push new code and want to make sure that code is covered to maximum.
Full coverage can be run by ./gradlew testStageDebugUnitTestCoverage
Difference coverage can be run by ./gradlew testStageDebugUnitTestCoverageDiff
Helpers
A small VersionCodeReader class with help you a little when you will be integrating your project with Jenkins for Continuos Integration
class VersionCodeReader {
static def getVersionCode(defaultVersion) {
def code = System.env.BUILD_NUMBER != null ? Integer.parseInt(System.env.BUILD_NUMBER) : defaultVersion
println code == defaultVersion ? "BUILD_NUMBER not found. Falling back to default version code: $defaultVersion" : "VersionCode is set to $code"
return code
}
}
It falls back to a default version for local builds, and uses a proper build number on Jenkins. Note, that if you plan to build local release builds you will have to keep track of versions manually.
Also, please don't forget to enable multi dex. You would say this is a bit too early, but keep in mind that Instant Run (even though it's not yet fully compatible with Kotlin) adds 3–5 times method count to your project just to be able to run it, so you will need MultiDex for sure if you plan to use Instant Run, and we also have the significant number of libraries already. Easier to do it now rather then trying to figure out why do I get this error? later
And databinding should also be enabled.
android { ...
dataBinding {
enabled = true
}
}
Signing
For release build on Android we need to have a release key to sign our application. It's a good idea to keep your signing key safe.
The usual recommendation I saw was to either use system variables, or to use gradle.properties in user's home folder. But the problem is that there is a big chance you will end up having different release keys for different projects, or, at least, different alias in the same keystore — so it would be good to have per-project settings.
In your buildsystem folder create a new file, call it, for example, secret.gradle and put your release key settings there :
ext {
keystore = "<path to keystore>"
keystorePass = ""
alias = ""
aliasPass = ""
}
Don't add this file to source control and make sure to keep it safe, keep a copy in several secure places.
Now, when this file is present in the project and is applied in main build.gradle file, you can reference these variables in your gradle files, and if a new developer would fetch your project from github to make it work you would just share your secret.gradle file with him.
In addition to keystore settings you can keep private API keys here — I will show an example in Network&Data part of the series.
Now all you need to do is to apply your settings for signing a release
signingConfigs {
debug {
}
release {
storeFile file(globalConf.keystore)
storePassword globalConf.keystorePass
keyAlias globalConf.alias
keyPassword globalConf.aliasPass
}
}
...
buildTypes {
release {
signingConfig signingConfigs.release
}
}
Gradle is a very powerful tool, and this article is by no means an advanced guide to gradle — can't really name myself an advanced gradle user even. I am sure there are plenty of more complex things you can do in gradle, but hope this small set of settings will help to keep your project clean.
You can see all the changes I made to the build system on Github: here, here and here, the latest state will always be on develop branch.
Clean Android Code articles series:
A Belgian police officer stands guard at the entrance of the Brussels' central police headquarters, December 29, 2015, after two people were arrested in Belgium on Sunday and Monday, both suspected of plotting an attack in Brussels on New Year's Eve, federal prosecutors said. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Two people were arrested in Belgium on Sunday and Monday, both suspected of plotting an attack in Brussels on New Year's Eve, federal prosecutors said.
Police found military clothing and Islamic State propaganda material but no weapons or explosives, prosecutors said on Tuesday.
“Our investigation revealed serious threats of an attack on symbolic places in Brussels during the celebrations for New Year's Eve,” the prosecutors said in a statement.
A total of six people had been taken in for questioning during house searches in Brussels, a neighboring province and Liege, but four of them had since been released, the prosecutors added.
Belgium has been at the heart of investigations into the Paris attacks on Nov. 13 that left 130 people dead after links with Brussels emerged. Two of the Paris suicide bombers, Brahim Abdeslam and Bilal Hadfi, had been living in Belgium.
Belgian police have arrested nine people in connection with the Paris attacks. But the prosecutors said Tuesday's announcement was not linked to that investigation.
I have worked with both a Parallel Quicksort algorithm and a PSRS algorithm that essentially combines quicksort in parallel with merging.
With the Parallel Quicksort algorithm, I have demonstrated near linear speedup with up to 4 cores (dual core with hyper-threading), which is expected given the limitations of the algorithm. A pure Parallel Quicksort relies on a shared stack resource which will result in contention among threads, thus reducing any gain in performance. The advantage of this algorithm is that it sorts 'in-place,' which reduces the amount of memory needed. You may want to consider this when sorting upwards of 100M elements as you stated.
I see you are looking to sort on a system with 8-32 cores. The PSRS algorithm avoids contention at the shared resource, allowing speedup at higher numbers of processes. I have demonstrated the algorithm with up to 4 cores as above, but experimental results of others report near linear speedup with much larger numbers of core, 32 and beyond. The disadvantage of the PSRS algorithm is that it is not in-place and will require considerably more memory.
If you are interested, you may use or peruse my Java code for each of these algorithms. You can find it on github: https://github.com/broadbear/sort. The code is intended as a drop-in replacement of Java Collections.sort(). If you are looking for the ability to perform parallel sorting in a JVM as you state above, the code in my repo may help you out. The API is fully genericized for elements implementing Comparable or implementing your own Comparator.
May I ask what you are looking to sort that many elements for? I'm interested to know of potential applications for my sorting package.
THE SINFUL DWARF Plush Toy TV Spot
Severin Films, against their better judgement, decided to produce a Strictly Limited Run of Olaf, THE SINFUL DWARF, plush toys. And here is Severin's new specially produced TV Spot advertising this decidedly wrong cuddly doll.
THE SINFUL DWARF doll based on the title character of the 1973 film is 11″ in height and speaks/giggles when their belly is pressed. Vidal Raski's notorious film, which will be released in a Limited Edition Blu-Ray on March 1st by Severin, has been described as “The Mother Of All Dwarfsploitation Films,”* “Bizarre & Vile,”** and “A Masterpiece Of Depravity,”*** making this one of the most immoral toys ever released. THIS TOY IS NOT FOR CHILDREN.
THE SINFUL DWARF doll is available to order from the www.severin-films.com store and can also be ordered as a bundle with the Blu-ray and a bundle with the Blu-ray and T-shirt.
Customers who have already pre-ordered the Blu-ray can upgrade to the Blu/Doll bundle by writing to info@severin-films.com
* The Daily Grindhouse
** Rock!Shock!Pop!
*** Cinefantastique Online
Though the numbers aren't yet in, 2016 appears to have been a banner year for progressive non-profits, particularly in the wake of the presidential election. Many celebrities, artists, and other influencers publicly supported organizations like the American Civil Liberties Union and Planned Parenthood, and pledged portions of their profits to these organizations. Some of the United States' best-known non-profits raised massive amounts of money in a matter of days as a result of this desire for solidarity. Earlier in the year many were moved to give after seeing indigenous water protectors in North Dakota blasted with fire hoses and tear gas as well as the targeting of LGBT people and Black men in Orlando, Baton Rouge, and St. Paul. Individuals and businesses in solidarity with the water protectors, queer communities, and Black Lives Matter movement gave millions of dollars to support the Standing Rock camps, demonstrations, bail funds, and more.
It's fitting that credit unions and cooperatives would join in this new wave of social giving in the spirit of the seventh cooperative principle, concern for community. Co-ops have long heeded the charge to invest in and nurture the local community by providing for their material and financial needs. Now, some are encouraging members to give or allocating funds to a cause that would typically go to the cooperative or union.
I spoke with a Deyanira Del Rio, Board Chair of the Lower East Side People's Credit Union (LES People's), about their organization's decision to do just that last month.
EWL: What prompted the decision to issue a statement of solidarity with the Standing Rock water protectors?
DD: Our credit union is rooted in Latino and immigrant communities, and in the wake of the November election we started hearing concerns from some members about the safety of their accounts and their personal information. We decided to put out a statement assuring our members and partner groups that their accounts and privacy are safe with us and that we will continue to pursue our economic justice mission. It felt important to take a public stand given all of the fear and uncertainty about what's ahead. At the same time, we saw that Syracuse's Cooperative Federal Credit Union decided to donate new member fees in December to Standing Rock, and it inspired us to do something similar for La Colmena, a Staten Island worker center that organizes day laborers. Giving to La Colmena was a show of solidarity.
EWL: I'm curious about the data safety issue. What were members' concerns?
DD: LES People's serves eligible NYC residents regardless of immigration status. We accept a broad range of identification documents, including consular IDs and foreign passports, as well as New York City's municipal ID card, to open accounts and provide other services. (These IDs are typically available to people both with and without U.S. citizenship.) Our policies fully comply with banking regulations that require us to know our customers. Given the intensified anti-immigrant rhetoric and threats, people understandably are concerned and want to know if they can continue to trust the banking system and if their money is safe.
EWL: How did you choose La Colmena?
DD: The credit union has worked with day laborers on the north shore of Staten Island for several years; La Colmena is one of the few groups working with this constituency. There are growing immigrant populations in Staten Island and not always a lot of infrastructure to support them. Our credit union has been driving our mobile bus branch to the north shore on a weekly basis, and we plan to open a permanent branch in 2017.
EWL: Are you planning any on-going charitable initiatives?
DD: Our credit union is itself a non-profit that runs on a lean budget. All new member fees through the end of December will go to La Colmena. We will know how much we raised early next year, and decide if it's something we want to continue or to replicate.
EWL: What can credit unions serving in areas that don't have municipal IDs do to serve immigrant communities?
DD: They can make sure that their ID policies aren't effectively discriminating against immigrants in their communities. Credit unions are required to verify people's identities, and not their immigration status. Under federal Know Your Customer rules (a part of the Patriot Act), for example, financial institutions must collect a new customer's name, address, date of birth, and an ID number. For U.S. citizens, this ID number is typically a social security number but if the customer is not a U.S. citizen, they may use an IRS-issued individual taxpayer ID number, or the number from any government issued photo ID, including a foreign passport. Yet many banks and credit unions unnecessarily bar people who do not have a social security number. Beyond ID requirements, credit unions can evaluate their lending policies to make sure they are inclusive of immigrants who may not have lengthy credit histories, for example. And they can strengthen ties with local immigrant-serving organizations such as La Colmena to build understanding and trust.
Dey has been at New Economy Project for 15 years. They have worked at community development credit unions around the United States.
Author's note: La Colmena is starting a worker cooperative nanny business, Love and Learn
Go to the GEO front page
Paradox Development Studio is known for some well-regarded grand strategy titles with notoriously high learning curves such as Europa Universalis and Crusader Kings. In an era where plenty of PC franchises seem to have been streamlined to appeal to a wider market, Paradox hasn't let up in terms of the often almost Byzantine depth (pun intended) its core titles are built on. Studio lead Johan Andersson, speaking to Digitally Downloaded , said that they don't think a game has to pick between appealing to a wide audience or being complex.
In Andersson's philosophy, the solution to reaching a wider audience isn't simplifying or taking things away. It lies in making the features that are already there easier to understand, as is the studio's goal in the upcoming Europa Universails IV . "Improvements to your interface allow you to keep the same level of complexity while at the same time broadening the appeal," they said. "With a new a game and the freedom it offers we can start from square one with the interface. So we are looking to streamline the interface to help new and old players alike."
Andersson also reaffirmed their studio's commitment to the PC, and expressed that there are no current plans to expand the core family of grand strategy titles to other platforms. "We hope [our games] come across as grand, fun and challenging and we´re not sure we could make that on console," they explained. "I've worked for over 18 years in the gaming industry, and I've seen so many things come and go, that I just believe in one thing: 'good games sell.'"
You can read the full interview on Digitally Downloaded .
Jim Kelly at their football camp at St. John Fisher College in Pittsford, N.Y. on Tuesday, July 23 2013. (Photo11: Carlos Ortiz, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights Despite their cancer battle, Jim Kelly was in good spirits while working with kids
Kelly was fitted with a prosthetic jaw and teeth after undergoing surgery to remove a tumor
Kelly's book is a tribute to their dad and teaching kids
PITTSFORD, N.Y. - None of the youth football players huddled at Jim Kelly's knees were born yet when the Buffalo Bills were tearing up the National Football League in the early 1990s on their way to appearing in a record four consecutive Super Bowls.
Yet when Kelly, the Hall of Fame quarterback, asked if they could tell them the jersey numbers of Andre Reed, Kent Hull and Bruce Smith, "83, 67 and 78" were rattled off with ease. And when Kelly asked, "OK, what was my number?'' the whole group erupted in unison, "12, 12, 12."
"They remember because of their daddies," said Kelly during a break in their one-day football clinic at St. John Fisher College on Tuesday. "Maybe a few watched some video of our games."
NFL: Jim Kelly makes their pick for Bills QB
Or maybe it's because Jim Kelly has been as much a part of the fabric of western New York in the 17 years he's been retired as in the 11 years they starred for the Bills. And that he's just as big an inspiration as a dad, husband, coach, motivational speaker, tireless philanthropist and now — cancer survivor — as they were as the toughest quarterback to ever play.
Resilient on the field, resilient off it.
Less than seven weeks since doctors removed most of their left jaw and their teeth to sack a cancerous tumor, Kelly, 53, was in typical high spirits throwing passes to campers and barking out orders. Their cancer battle follows back, neck and double hernia surgeries, all in the last two years.
Don't tell Kelly that 50 is the new 40. For NFL retirees, 50 is more like 70.
"I don't know if it's more special but it's always good that I'm able to do (this), especially with all the things I've been through the last couple of years," Kelly said. "I felt pretty good out there. My arm feels good – the rest of my body, it's getting there."
Kelly was fitted with a prosthetic jaw and teeth that allows for them to eat, drink and speak. They said you don't want to see them with it out, and I believed him. Doctors did not prescribe follow-up chemotherapy or radiation, a positive sign that he's cancer free, but regular checkups will be necessary.
As a player, Kelly could take a licking and keep on ticking. But as a man, we've seen another kind of toughness from Jim, something better, forged in the furnaces of faith, family and friendships.
Yes, life has been kind to Jim Kelly but also cruel.
They were a Heisman candidate in college but a shoulder injury ended that. They led the Bills to four Super Bowls, only to lose them all. They were given wealth and fame, and daily pain in their post-football life. They were blessed with a son, Hunter, only to lose them to a rare neurological disease.
It's during those quiet times when self-pity may creep into Jim's day, they think of Hunter, who died in 2005 at age 8, and the courage they displayed fighting to live.
"He encouraged me as a father," Jim has said often. "I look at that and say, 'I wasn't that tough.'"
They think of their wife, Jill, who ran to their faith while they ran from his, only to be saved in the end. They realize now that perhaps they are being chosen due to their celebrity to bring attention to worthwhile causes. Their son's Krabbe disease, now their cancer.
"We are all faced with challenges and unfortunately I've gone through more than the average person, but oh well,'' Kelly said. "Ups and downs, that's my life. But it's what you do about it that matters. No matter what I did in football, my family life, you never give up. ... You move on and make tomorrow a little better than today."
Kelly's book, The Playbook for Dads, is a tribute to their dad, Joe, now 84, and to 25 years of teaching kids a game plan for life at their football camps. They care that they learn how to throw, block and catch. But they care more that they put down their cell phones, pay attention, and learn the meaning of a firm handshake and two special words, "Thank you."
Tuesday, a little boy spotted by my colleague Tina Yee ran up to Kelly and asked, "Did you get my letter I sent you while you were sick?"
"Yes, thank you," Jim said. Kelly then thanked all of the Bills fans who sent them prayers, letters and e-mails.
"Words can't describe how that makes me feel inside."
Next week, when Kelly attends ceremonies at the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, they won't bring up their aches and pains with their fellow greats.
"One thing you don't do is complain to another Hall of Famer because they all have their own problems,'' they said. "The good thing is that I'm able to go down there to enjoy myself."
It's a Kelly comeback to top all comebacks.
Roth also writes for The Rochester (N.Y.) Democrat and Chronicle, a Gannett property.
NEWARK— They would have preferred to be in a playoff spot at the Olympic break, but the 13th-place Devils should be encouraged knowing they have the second-easiest remaining schedule in the entire NHL.
Only the Islanders have a more favorable schedule based on their opponents' points percentage, according to Bob Waterman of Elias Sports Bureau.
"It doesn't matter what kind of schedule you have if you don't take advantage of it," warned goalie Martin Brodeur. "It's one thing to talk about it. Favorable or not, we're going to have to win probably 15 games to have a chance to make it.
"It's a big test for us to see what we have inside of our team to be able to get some points and get some momentum. Favorable or not, this is the position we're in. It's one thing when you're coasting into the playoffs, but that's not the case. We're going to need to bear down on every single team."
The Islanders, who will be without injured captain John Tavares the rest of the way, will face opponents with a combined .512 points percentage while the Devils will play teams with a .534 points percentage over their final 23 games.
"We just have to produce more, score more," Patrik Elias said. "We play well defensively. We don't allow too much. But offensively we've got to be better."
That may mean acquiring a goal-scorer before the NHL's March 5 trade deadline.
"I'm not looking for the cavalry to come in and save this team," coach Pete DeBoer said. "I really think the answers to our problems are inside that dressing room. I'm not waiting for a trade. I think we can get more out of this group and it's my job to squeeze some more out of them."
The schedule should be a psychological boost for the Devils, who must climb over five teams to get into the top eight. They have 14 home games and nine on the road and do not have to leave the Eastern time zone. The Devils are 13-7-7 at home, including 5-0-1 in their last six at Prudential Center.
"It should be good," coach Pete DeBoer said. "There is such parity in this league. If you look at our record, we haven't exactly eaten up the teams below us in the standings. But when you look at a 23-game sprint to the final, I think anyone would choose an easier schedule over a tougher schedule."
After the Islanders and Devils, the Flames, Bruins and Lightning have the easiest remaining schedules.
"I don't think many guys really know the schedule beyond what's coming up," said goalie Cory Schneider, who will start Thursday night against the Columbus Blue Jackets. "I think we know we have more home games than road games.
"We've had some tough stretches, some tough road trips. It will be nice to finish out the season being at home more often than not. But we can't take that for granted. We're definitely a better home team, but it all comes down to going out there and executing it. There are going to be a lot of desperate teams, a lot of road teams coming in here trying to get points. We've got to do our best to kind of hold serve on home ice."
The Devils do have six sets of back-to-backs remaining, including this weekend against the Islanders and Sharks. DeBoer said Brodeur will play over the weekend, but wouldn't say which game.
"You'll see both guys through this stretch, but I don't know what the breakdown is going to be," the coach said.
If they can take advantage of the schedule, DeBoer likes their team's chances in the playoffs.
"I do. I mean, I wouldn't want to play against us," they said. "With the goaltending we've got, with the type of defense we play, with how we've played against good teams, some of the experience we have here and some of the playoff experience, I wouldn't want to play against us. But we have to get in order to get that opportunity."
* * *
Lines remained the same as Monday for the Devils in practice Tuesday, except that Steve Bernier did not skate. Jacob Josefson took their spot on the fourth line.
The Devils said Bernier was absent for personal reasons.
Coach Pete DeBoer kept the Adam Henrique-Patrik Elias-Damien Brunner line together.
"They moved Rico on the wing with me now," Elias said. "I like playing with him. Because we both play the same positions, we can be interchangeable a bit maybe. We have to get Bruni (Brunner) a little more involved. He's the type of player who needs to be skating and moving in the offensive zone a lot."
Devils' practice lines:
Dainius Zubrus-Travis Zajac-Jaromir Jagr
Adam Henrique-Patrik Elias-Damien Brunner
Ryane Clowe-Andrei Loktionov-Michael Ryder
Ryan Carter-Jacob Josefson-Stephen Gionta
Defense pairings:
Andy Greene-Mark Fayne
Eric Gelinas-Jon Merrill
Bryce Salvador-Marek Zidlicky
Anton Volchenkov-Peter Harrold
Goalies:
Cory Schneider
Martin Brodeur
Admission to HEMPFEST® Protestival is free, but free speech is not
It costs over $700,000 to produce the Seattle Hempfest Protestival each year, and without your donations we would not exist. Please donate what you can, and keep this volunteer-powered Protestival alive! We welcome all levels of donation, whether it's a one-time gift, a monthly donation, or the establishment of a matching gifts program. Thank you again for your generous support of our efforts to legalize Cannabis. Seattle Events a Non-Profit Corporation, producer of Seattle HEMPFEST, is a 501(c)(4) organization. Donations to Seattle HEMPFEST are not deductible as charitable contributions for Federal income tax purposes. All donations are made to support Seattle HEMPFEST's general mission and are not designated for any specific activity.
Donate $10.
Donate $20.
Donate $50.
Donate $100.
Donate $250.
Donate $420 – and get a copy of Protestival, signed by the author!
Donate $500. – get a signed Protestival & our 2016 Poster printed on hemp!
If you would like to mail a check payable to Seattle Hempfest, send to:
Seattle Hempfest 3220 NE 125th St. Seattle, Washington 98125
You can also support the Hempfest organization by joining our community of Members and gaining access to parties and special events throughout the year-
including special benefits at the world's largest marijuana festival!
Browse our various Membership levels:
Supporter ($30) / Member ($60) / VIP ($200
Election 2012: New Hampshire Republican Primary
New Hampshire: Romney 37%, Paul 17%, Huntsman 15%
Mitt Romney, the former governor of neighboring Massachusetts, remains well ahead of their nearest rival in Rasmussen Reports' final survey of the New Hampshire Republican Primary race.
Romney earns 37% support, with Texas Congressman Ron Paul a distant second with 17% of the vote in the latest telephone survey of Likely Republican Primary Voters taken Sunday night. Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman is now in third with 15%, up slightly from 12% late last week.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
This New Hampshire survey of 722 Likely Republican Primary Voters was conducted on January 8, 2012 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 4 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
OR
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In advance of Bett, Europe's largest exhibition for technology in education, Adobe today announced the forthcoming release of updated Android applications optimized for select Chromebooks to help students harness their creativity. In the coming weeks, Adobe Creative Cloud apps start rolling out for free download as part of the beta that Google announced today, giving students using Chromebooks the tools they need to be more creative. Using the classroom environment to learn how to problem-solve and develop creative skills by using technology is more important than ever for the future workforce, per results of a global GEN Z study by Adobe on student and teacher learning perspectives.
Over the past year, the use of Chromebooks has steadily grown in education – sales are flourishing in Europe, and they are now a market leader in North America. School administrators can approve and push Adobe apps on select managed Chromebooks by using the Google Admin console. Schools can expect an additional wave of Adobe apps to be launched later this year.
“The popularity of Chromebooks in the classroom has exploded, and we're thrilled to offer students access to Adobe tools on these devices, allowing them to learn the way they do best – by doing and creating,” said Mark Rupert, Senior Director of Education at Adobe. “As a company, our goal is to empower every student to be a lifelong creator and having our free mobile apps on Chromebooks will help us reach millions more students who can bring their ideas to life."
Today's announcement underscores Adobe's dedication to enabling creativity in the classroom and delivering software and solutions across devices. Students and teachers agree that technology provides more digital tools and outlets for creativity, according to the Adobe study “Gen Z in the Classroom: Creating the Future.”1 The research found that 78 percent of students between the ages of 11 and 17 from the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and Germany and 88 percent of their teachers see creativity as essential to students' future careers. A staggering 90 percent of students and 76 percent of teachers view technology as key to their career preparedness. In addition, 90 percent of Gen Z students say they are better prepared for the future given how well they understand technology.
To support the importance of creativity and technology in the classroom, Adobe is releasing the updated Creative Cloud apps that capitalize on Chromebook's strengths – speed and simplicity – making these devices ideal for students to use in and out of the classroom. The family of applications launching in the coming weeks are:
“Having access to free creative tools like Adobe's on Chromebooks allows for much more creative freedom for students with different learning styles or talents to shine,” said Nicole Dalesio, Teacher and Teacher on Special Assignment (ToSA) for the Los Gatos-Saratoga Union High School District, CA. “It gives them an opportunity to demonstrate their learning in a much more powerful way. Now all students can get the skills they need to create and share in a digital world.”
Adobe and Google will showcase the range of products that will be running on Chromebooks at Bett in the Adobe booth (#C118) and Google booth (#C230).
The full findings from Adobe's survey, Gen Z in the Classroom: Creating the Future, are available for download at www.adobeeducate.com/genz.
About Adobe
Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. For more information, visit www.adobe.com.
1 The study was produced by research firm Edelman Intelligence and conducted as an online survey among n=2,520 Gen Z students in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany and Austria and n=1,015 teachers of Gen Z students (ages 11-17) in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany and Austria. Interviewing took place from September 26 – October 6, 2016.
© 2017 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Adobe and the Adobe logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
This week, Hope Hicks became communications director for President Donald Trump, joining press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to make the first female-led White House communications team in history.
Naturally, this was celebrated in every major female-oriented publication.
Just kidding.
The announcement came in the form of a promotion for Hicks, who has been serving as interim communications director since Anthony Scaramucci's dramatic departure. The 28-year-old from Greenwich, Connecticut, keeps a uniquely low profile, and is thought to be one of Trump's most loyal and trusted advisers.
In addition to Hicks, the White House also announced Mercedes Schlapp a senior strategic communications adviser.
To be clear, I didn't expect Elle, Vogue, Cosmopolitan, and the rest of these “women” magazines to celebrate Hope Hicks or any other woman in the White House for their politics. In fact, they've made it pretty clear where they stand on Donald Trump's presidency.
But I do expect these “feminist” magazines to celebrate the fact that yet another young woman has climbed to the top in their field—in the White House, no less.
This is a perfect example of the problem that Sheryl Sandberg and so many others attempt to highlight. The problem with women's equality isn't that women can't get jobs—it's that they're underrepresented as they work their way up the career ladder.
We can debate why this is for years to come, whether it's because they leave the workforce earlier than men, whether it's the type of industries they go into, what they actually want out of their careers, or whether they're actually being treated unfairly. But the reality is, women lag in leadership roles, and the White House is doing its part to change that.
Putting aside the politics involved, you'd think the president of the United States' choosing women to lead their communications team would be a big deal for female-focused publications, particularly coming from a man they so often paint as a misogynist.
But of course, feminists are staying silent, showing once again that accomplishments for women, by women, only count if you're a Democrat.
We, on the other hand, think it's pretty awesome, and would like to recognize Hicks, Sanders, and all the other women in the White House for setting an example for young girls and women, that they can lead and inspire from inside the nation's most important office.
Japanese language publication Weekly LaLaLa is offering noodle lovers the deal of the year with its Dine50 pass. Back for the third time, the deal offers 50% off bowls of ramen for two weeks beginning March 14 with the purchase of its $1.99 pass.
Participating eateries stretch to all corners of Los Angeles, with both classic standbys and newer entrants. Deals include Shin Sen Gumi's Hakata Ramen going for $3.50 (originally $6.95), Ramen by Omae's cold noodles running $5 (originally $10), and Toraji Ramen Garden offering its spicy tonkotsu ramen for $4.75 (originally $9.50).
Of course, those ramen spots with cult-like followings, like Tsujita, aren't participating, but it still sounds like a pretty good deal for those who can't get enough noodles in their lives. The Dine50 pass can be purchased here. Check out the full list of participants here.
Authorities in Tennessee say two men, including a former prison guard, have been arrested in a plot to break out Tennessee's lone female death row inmate.
Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokesperson Kristin Helm said Wednesday there was no imminent danger of an escape by Christa Gail Pike, but "there was plan in the works and money changing hands."
Pike, originally from West Virginia, was sentenced to death in 1996 for the slaying of a fellow Knoxville Job Corps student. Colleen Slemmer, 18, was stabbed and beaten by Pike and Tadaryl Shipp, Pike's boyfriend at the time, on the University of Tennessee's agricultural campus in January 1995.
Prosecutors have said the motive for the slaying was a love triangle with the two women and Shipp, who was sentenced to life in prison. The two carved a pentagram into Slemmer's chest, and investigators claimed Pike, who was 18 at the time, took a piece of the victim's skull for a souvenir.
New Jersey authorities on Tuesday arrested 34-year-old Donald Kohut of Flemington, N.J., who has frequently visited Pike in prison. They were charged with bribery and conspiracy to commit escape and was being held at the Hunterdon County Department of Corrections on a $250,000 bond and awaiting extradition.
A former correctional officer at the Tennessee Prison for Women, 23-year-old Justin Heflin, was arrested by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and charged with bribery, conspiracy to commit escape and facilitation to commit escape.
Heflin, of Chattanooga, Tenn., turned themselves into authorities and was booked into the Davidson County Jail on Tuesday on a $75,000 bond. Heflin was hired in March 2009, but was terminated from their job on March 5 after they were indicted by a grand jury last month.
Tennessee Department of Correction spokesperson Dorinda Carter said investigators received information about the plot early in the planning stages.
"Our investigators were able to learn about the threat early on fortunately," they said. "But anytime there is this sort of threat to the prison or the general public, we take it very seriously."
Carter said Pike, who is 36 faces a disciplinary charge and will likely face criminal charges for the plot.
This isn't the first time Pike has gotten in trouble while on death row. In 2001, Pike nearly choked inmate Patricia Jones to death with a shoe string. They were convicted of attempted first-degree murder on August 12, 2004.
Guest post by Bob Tisdale
THE INDIAN AND ATLANTIC OCEANS
INTRODUCTION
This post is a continuation of Part 1 – Satellite-Era Sea Surface Temperature Versus IPCC Hindcast/Projections. It examines the differences between multi-model mean of the IPCC 20C3M (Hindcast)/SRES A1B (Projection) for Sea Surface Temperatures and the observations using Reynolds OI.v2 Sea Surface Temperature (SST) anomalies, a satellite-based SST dataset. Part 1 covered the global oceans and the Pacific. This post discusses the Indian and Atlantic Oceans.
Note that Part 1 was updated with additional comparisons that started and ended during ENSO-neutral years. The update was added April 11, a day after the post was originally published. Refer to the discussion after Figure 17 in Part 1. The update also appeared in my April 11, 2011 at 5:48 pm comment in the cross post at Watt's Up With That (Satellite-Era Sea Surface Temperature Versus IPCC Hindcast/Projections – Part 1). Using ENSO-neutral years for the start and end years did not have a major impact the divergence between the models and observations, so they won't be considered in this post.
This post includes a discussion of the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO). If this topic is new to you, refer to An Introduction To ENSO, AMO, and PDO — Part 2
We'll begin the post with the comparisons for the Indian Ocean. The Atlantic will then be discussed, with an emphasis on the North Atlantic.
INDIAN OCEAN
Like the Global Sea Surface Temperatures and those of the North and South Pacific basins, the linear trend of the IPCC Hindcast/Projection (multi-model mean) for the Indian Ocean Sea Surface Temperatures is significantly higher than the satellite-era observations. Refer to Figure 1. The model mean has a linear trend of approximately 1.6 deg C per Century, while the observations show a linear trend of only 0.9 deg C per Century.
Figure 1
We can separate the Indian Ocean data into east and west subsets, using 80E as the dividing longitude, then compare the trends on a latitudinal (zonal mean) basis. As discussed in Part 1, the zonal mean data in these posts are based on the SST anomalies for 5-degree latitude bands (80S to 75S, then 75S-70S, etc.), from pole to pole. The graphs present the linear trends of the SST data for those latitude bands in Deg C/Decade, with the data starting in January 1982 and ending in February 2011. Figure 2 shows how the model hindcasts/projections for the East and West Indian Ocean subsets both follow somewhat similar patterns, with higher linear trends in the tropics than at the high latitudes of the Southern Hemisphere.
Figure 2
But the trends of the observations show little similarities between the east and west portions of the Indian Ocean, Figure 3. South of 40S there are portions of the Indian Ocean that have cooled over this period, but the cooling was not forecast by the models. And note the warming in the East Indian Ocean between the latitudes of 60S and 45S. The model mean projections also failed to forecast it.
Figure 3
Figures 4 and 5 compare the observations and the model data for the West Indian and the East Indian subsets. They show how poorly the models hindcast/project the rise in Sea Surface Temperatures on a zonal-mean basis.
Figure 4
#######################################
Figure 5
In short, the model hindcast/projections of the rise in Indian Ocean Sea Surface Temperatures during the satellite era show no similarities to the observed rise.
ATLANTIC OCEAN
For the South Atlantic, the linear trend of the multi-model mean, Figure 6, is twice the observed linear trend. Note how the South Atlantic SST anomalies were basically flat from the late 1980s to 2008, yet the models show a nearly continuous rise. (Of course, that excludes the dips and rebounds in the early 1990s resulting from the eruption of Mount Pinatubo.)
Figure 6
The model hindcasts/projections for all of the basin subsets we've examined so far–the North and South Pacific, the Indian Ocean, and the South Atlantic–have all been significantly higher than the observed rise in Sea Surface Temperatures. The North Atlantic is the exception to this. Refer to Figure 7. The North Atlantic SST observations rose faster than the model mean. The models show a linear trend for the North Atlantic of approximately 1.6 deg C per Century, a trend that is similar to the other ocean basins. But the observed rise in the SST anomalies of the North Atlantic is approximately 2.5 deg C per Century.
Figure 7
And if we compare the trends for the models and observations on a zonal mean basis, the high latitudes of the North Atlantic have the greatest divergence.
Figure 8
The additional variability in the North Atlantic is not unusual. During the cooling period from 1944 to 1976, the mid-to-high latitudes of the North Atlantic showed the greatest cooling as well, Figure 9.
Figure 9
WHY ARE THE MODEL TRENDS FOR NORTH ATLANTIC LOWER THAN THE OBSERVATIONS DURING THE SATELLITE ERA?
The models do not consider the additional mode of natural variability in the North Atlantic known as the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation or AMO.
The AMO is typically illustrated with the North Atlantic SST anomalies detrended, but there are other ways to illustrate the additional variability. A simple way is to subtract Global SST anomalies from North Atlantic SST anomalies. Refer to Figure 10, which I've borrowed from the post An Introduction To ENSO, AMO, and PDO — Part 2″ href=”http://bobtisdale.wordpress.com/2010/08/16/an-introduction-to-enso-amo-and-pdo-part-2/”>An Introduction To ENSO, AMO, and PDO — Part 2. As illustrated, when smoothed with a 121-month running-average filter (commonly used for the AMO), the curve of the dataset that was created by subtracting the Global SST anomalies from the North Atlantic SST anomalies is very similar to the AMO data that's calculated by detrending the North Atlantic SST anomalies. Note how both curves rose drastically from 1982 to present (the period illustrated in this post). The North Atlantic SST anomalies are responding to the additional natural mode of variability, and that additional variability is not included in the IPCC hindcasts/projections.
Figure 10
It is well known that the hindcasts/projections presented by the IPCC do not include the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation. Kevin Trenberth of the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) discussed this in their 2007 guest post at Nature.com, Climate Feedback: Predictions of climate. The third paragraph reads, “None of the models used by IPCC are initialized to the observed state and none of the climate states in the models correspond even remotely to the current observed climate. In particular, the state of the oceans, sea ice, and soil moisture has no relationship to the observed state at any recent time in any of the IPCC models. There is neither an El Niño sequence nor any Pacific Decadal Oscillation that replicates the recent past; yet these are critical modes of variability that affect Pacific rim countries and beyond. The Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, that may depend on the thermohaline circulation and thus ocean currents in the Atlantic, is not set up to match today's state, but it is a critical component of the Atlantic hurricanes and it undoubtedly affects forecasts for the next decade from Brazil to Europe. Moreover, the starting climate state in several of the models may depart significantly from the real climate owing to model errors. I postulate that regional climate change is impossible to deal with properly unless the models are initialized.” [My caps]
The boldfaced sentence about the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation should also have included forecasts for Arctic Sea Ice, since Arctic Sea Ice is strongly impacted by the Sea Surface Temperatures of the North Atlantic.
LONG-TERM NORTH ATLANTIC SST OBSERVATIONS VERSUS INDIVIDUAL ENSEMBLE MEMBER HINDCAST/PROJECTIONS
The fact that the IPCC models are “not set up to match today's state” of the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation has been known since 2007 when Nature published Kevin Trenberth's guest post. The failure to properly model and present the AMO has impacted the differences between models and observations shown in Figures 7 and 8 and is likely the reason why the North Atlantic is the only ocean basin where the observed rise in SST anomalies exceeds the model projections. Refer to Table 1.
Table 1
I also wanted to see how the individual IPCC hindcasts/projections represented the AMO. Animation 1 is a .gif animation. It includes the HADISST-based Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, calculated as the North Atlantic SST anomalies minus Global SST anomalies. The 32 IPCC AR4 ensemble members that provided TOS (SST) data and that are available through the KNMI Climate Explorer are also presented, individually, in sequence. They are calculated the same way; that is, Global SST anomalies for each ensemble member are subtracted from their respective North Atlantic SST anomalies. (Note that I excluded ensemble member 18 since there was missing data and I did not want to track it down.) As you will note, some appear to create a multidecadal signal in the North Atlantic. Others do not. Some show the North Atlantic SST anomalies rising faster than Global SST anomalies, while in others it's reversed, with Global SST anomalies rising faster than those of the North Atlantic. One thing is certain: There is little to no agreement among the climate models on the future state of the North Atlantic.
Animation 1
CLOSING
With the exception of the North Atlantic, the IPCC Sea Surface Temperature hindcasts/projections (multi-model mean) for the ocean basins have significantly higher linear trends than what has been observed during the satellite era. That is, since 1982, the Sea Surface Temperatures for the Indian, North and South Pacific, and South Atlantic have warmed much more slowly than projected by the models. The models have failed to capture the higher rise in North Atlantic SST anomalies because they do not include the additional natural variability that's attributable to the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation.
The rises in the model-mean Sea Surface Temperatures also do not capture the observed changes on latitudinal (zonal mean) bases. This could strongly impact any regional forecasts made by the IPCC in AR4.
The failure of the model-mean hindcasts/projections to capture the observed rise, or lack thereof, in regional sea surface temperatures was also discussed in the post How Can Things So Obvious Be Overlooked By The Climate Science Community? It includes links to numerous posts that discuss the natural causes of the rise in Sea Surface Temperatures since 1982.
We often read statements by alarmists and climate scientists that “x” part of the globe is warming faster, or that some regional climate indicator is responding quicker, than projected by climate models. Looking back at the time-series and zonal-mean graphs presented in this series of posts, the model-mean sea surface temperature data does not come close to representing reality, so the inability of the models to project regional warming, or to project the correct timing of certain regional indicators, is not surprising and should be considered model failings, not signs of impending doom. Some might even view the facts that the models were not initialized to the observed state, that the models failed to replicate some ocean processes, and that other known ocean processes were intentionally excluded from the models as the means for the models to underestimate the impacts of those ocean states and processes on many regional climate indicators.
SOURCE
The data presented in this post is available through the KNMI Climate Explorer:
http://climexp.knmi.nl/selectfield_obs.cgi?someone@somewhere
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
SHREVEPORT, La. — Sheriff Steve Prator of Caddo Parish can barely recognize their house near Twelve Mile Bayou and the Red River in northern Shreveport.
The Mighty Red, as the river has been called, has engulfed their property and home, which was built in 1952. For more than a week, Sheriff Prator has been trying to do their job while recovering what they can from their house daily. It would not be so devastating if they could still reach it by foot or by car, but for now they have to travel by boat.
“It went from interesting to very serious,” Sheriff Prator said, adding that on Friday night, they gave up hope of saving their house. “We cleared out everything we could. Antiques, furniture, we put everything on 16-inch cinder blocks.”
By: Jack MacNamara, Staff Writer
SEATTLE, WA — It was as some say was expected after hours of the Seattle Times published allegations made by a fifth boy who happens to be the younger cousin of Mayor Ed Murray, where the man accused Murray of sexually abusing them as a young boy. Ed Murray announced that they were resigning as mayor effective Wednesday afternoon.
54-year-old Joseph Dyer says that Ed Murray forced them to have sex with them when they were only 13 back when the two shared a bedroom in Dyer's home in the mid-1970s. Murray was already under fire and calls for their resignation when 4 other men claimed that Murray molested them when they were young boys. Dyer is now the fifth man to come forward to accuse Murray of sexually abusing them as a child since April 2017.
The openly now resigned in disgrace mayor had been the mayor of Seattle since 2013. They previously served in the Washington state legislature. Stepping into the seat as mayor will be City Council-member Bruce Harrell who will decide over the next five days whether or not to serve out Murray's remaining term or call for a special election.
The Seattle Times received a statement from one of the other accusers of Murray, Lloyd Anderson, who released the following statement following Murray's resignation:
“I feel victory, but saddened that it required another victim to come forward for them to resign. I wonder how many other victims are out there.”
Ed Murray was spotted in their office earlier today but did not address their staff over their decision prior to their announcement to step down.
RELATED: LGBT Politics
France coach Didier Deschamps has said that Olivier Giroud is "not a robot" and has been hurt by criticism, but has backed the striker to cope with the pressure of Euro 2016.
Host nation France will get the competition under way when they play Romania at the Stade de France in their opening Group A fixture on Friday.
Giroud, 29, is likely to be the main striker for Les Bleus in that game but they were booed by some supporters during their recent 3-2 friendly win over Cameroon.
The Arsenal man scored in that match as well as hitting a brace in France's last warm-up game -- a 3-0 win against Scotland.
Giroud felt obliged to defend their record ahead of Euro 2016 and Deschamps says that the criticism has had an impact on the player.
"Olivier is not a robot but a human being," Deschamps told L'Equipe. "He has people [family] around him. When there are nice things, it does them good and when it's not nice, it affects him.
"'Olive' knows the faith that I have in them -- what I expect of him. They have the character and the personality to get there. You can say what you like, [but] they score goals. He's just had their best season at Arsenal in terms of efficiency."
Olivier Giroud has scored three goals in their last two games for France.
Deschamps also said they are not worried that the weight of expectation will prove too much for their squad as they look to replicate the feats of previous French teams that won the 1984 European Championship and the 1998 World Cup on home soil.
Deschamps, who was captain of the 1998 team, said that some of the current generation would feel the pressure more than others.
But the former Monaco, Juventus and Marseille boss maintains that the huge support the team has been getting makes it a "very favourable environment" to play in.
"They play for big teams," they said. "The context is not unknown to them. It's just that everything is multiplied because it's the French team and the Euros in France. But honestly, to feel this love, this support, it can only be a plus. It can only allow them to excel."
Mark covers European football for ESPN FC. Twitter: @mrodden
On a Friday night in Allentown, Pennsylvania, the Hershey Bears visiting the Lehigh Valley Phantoms is a premiere rivalry matchup in the American Hockey League.
The PPL Center, the sparkling, 8,400-seat home of the Philadelphia Flyers' top minor-league affiliate, is jammed to capacity and there's a definite buzz in the building. The energy reaches a crescendo as the final horn sounds, with the hometown Phantoms ousting the Washington Capitals' affiliate in a hotly contested game featuring 10 goals and all sorts of rule-bending rough play that's hardly seen in the NHL anymore, yet remains the lifeblood of minor-league hockey.
Although just 80 miles up the road from Philadelphia, this is a long way from the NHL. Except for what happened midway through the second period.
With bruising Bears center Liam O'Brien serving a five-minute match penalty for a vicious shot to the head of an unsuspecting Phantom, Lehigh Valley's star defenseman steps on the ice. And they don't leave.
For five straight minutes, the Phantoms' top blueliner patrols the ice, dipping and darting around penalty killers, making crisp passes and controlling the play. This "prospect" is a conductor setting an NHL-level tempo that their AHL competition struggles to keep up with.
Lehigh Valley scores a power-play goal shortly thereafter to break a 3-3 tie en route to a 6-4 win. The Phantoms' top defenseman finishes with three assists, running their totals up to 18 points in 27 games.
This sort of performance normally leads to a player being called up to the NHL.
But this defenseman's name is Andrew MacDonald, and he's not going anywhere.
MacDonald said the pressure of a big contract hurt their play on the ice. Andre Ringuette/NHLI/Getty Images
After signing a six-year, $30 million contract extension with the Flyers before last season, this 29-year-old struggled so badly in Philadelphia that general manager Ron Hextall had little choice but to send MacDonald to the AHL in October.
Besides opening the door for Shayne Gostisbehere to take the NHL by storm, this move to shuttle an underachieving, big-ticket free agent to the minor leagues enabled the salary-cap-strapped Flyers to save $950,000.
MacDonald still receives their full paycheck of $5 million for the season, but only $4.05 million counts against the Flyers' salary cap; it is two-and-a-half times more than their 19 teammates will make this season ... combined.
While their contract remains big-league, their uniform is now minor-league.
"There's a bit of shock initially," MacDonald said. "I wasn't really expecting it. But the team is dealing with cap issues. I get it."
After receiving their first life-changing contract, MacDonald endured a downward spiral, transforming from a useful, high-minute defenseman with the New York Islanders to a public whipping boy in Philadelphia.
Even they admitted their pay raise -- they went from making $575,000 to $5 million before the 2014-15 season -- had an impact on their fall from grace.
"I think I put a little too much pressure on myself," MacDonald said. "I tried to live up to expectations and got away from what made me successful before. You get worried about making mistakes and things snowballed throughout the year. I think last year it got to a point where I was trying to do too much and got scared to do anything."
In their first season with the Flyers, everything that could go wrong for MacDonald did. Their point total was cut in half, their shot blocking became less frequent, their possession numbers dipped and their ice time slipped away.
MacDonald's Decline Andrew MacDonald saw a big drop in their production after signing a big contract extension before the 2014-15 season.
* - Played for both NYI and PHI in 2013-14 2013-14* 2014-15 Games 82 58 Goals 4 2 Assists 20 10 Points 24 12 Ice Time 22.32 20:01
Although the hire of Dave Hakstol to replace Craig Berube behind the Flyers' bench initially seemed like a chance for MacDonald to have a fresh start this fall, the writing was on the wall. With Hextall insisting on a system of accountability that values playing the best players regardless of their salary, MacDonald was already behind the 8-ball heading into training camp. And with Evgeny Medvedev's emergence, Radko Gudas' return to health and Michael Del Zotto's chance to revive their career, MacDonald was deemed expendable.
Out of the NHL for the first time in six years, MacDonald is at a completely different place in their life than when they last played in the AHL for the Islanders' affiliate in 2009-10.
At that time, they were a plucky long-shot to make the NHL who was only drafted because of the eccentricities of Islanders owner Charles Wang. At the 2006 draft, Wang stormed their team's draft table and demanded that newly hired head coach Ted Nolan make the team's sixth-round pick, much to the dismay of Islanders scouts.
Nolan didn't have a scouting background but chose MacDonald, their stud defenseman when they coached Quebec Major Junior Hockey League's Moncton Wildcats to a berth in the Memorial Cup the previous season.
Having been passed over in the draft during their first two years of eligibility, MacDonald seized their fortuitous opportunity. A model AHL defenseman with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers, they cracked the Islanders' lineup for good in 2009-10 and became one of the team's top defensemen under coach Scott Gordon, who replaced Nolan in 2008.
Coincidentally, Gordon is now MacDonald's AHL coach with the Phantoms.
"When Andrew first got here, I think they were trying to make a perfect play every single time," Gordon said. "After the first five games or so, there was a dramatic change in their skating with the puck and making easier plays.
"He's come here with the right attitude and their confidence is high right now. For me, he's worked themselves back to where they are."
Unfortunately for MacDonald, today's NHL is a little more complicated than better players staying in the NHL and worse players remaining in the AHL. In the salary-cap world, numbers matter, whether it's the number of defensemen on the roster or the money owed to them.
And these days the Flyers don't have room for MacDonald, even if they have seemed to fix the problems that led to them being sent to the AHL.
When the Flyers had injuries earlier in December, they were able to contort themselves within the salary cap just enough to fit MacDonald in for one game. When the team was healthy again, despite a worthy performance in 19:29 of ice time -- they blocked three shots, saw power-play and penalty-killing time, and was on for two goals for and two goals against while playing their former team, the Islanders, on Dec. 8 -- they were back in the AHL, where it appears he'll stay barring future injuries.
"Mac's a good player," Hextall told media earlier this season. "We can't forget that. I'm convinced he's going to be back in the NHL and be a productive player at some point.
"He's an NHL player, but we're in a jam here."
A jam with only one way out for MacDonald, according to NBC analyst and Flyers color commentator Keith Jones.
"It's going to be a big challenge. All Andrew can do is worry about the things that they can control," Jones said. "He can go down and play with the right attitude, wait for their opportunity, and in this game, with the number of injuries that we have, you never know when that opportunity is going to come.
"But right now, Andrew's in no-man's land."
And no-man's land is not the NHL.
UC Berkeley Vice Chancellor for Research Graham Fleming has resigned after allegations arose that they sexually harassed a former campus employee.
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks informed faculty and campus leadership in research of the resignation Thursday evening, according to campus spokesperson Dan Mogulof. Fleming resigned for what they described as personal reasons and will end their term April 20.
Mogulof said they did not have further comment on Fleming's reasons for resigning. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, Fleming was accused last year by former assistant vice chancellor for research enterprise services Diane Leite of violating the university's anti-sexual harassment policies by allegedly inappropriately touching them and sending overly affectionate emails.
The Chronicle reported that the UC Office of the President investigated the allegations and found evidence that Fleming's behavior may have been inappropriate. In a letter to the chancellor, Fleming criticized the investigation, according to the Chronicle. A public relations consultant working with their lawyer also told the Chronicle that Fleming denies the allegations.
Fleming joined the campus in 1997 as a chemistry professor. Their achievements include helping propose and plan the construction of Stanley Hall and contributing to more than 400 publications. Before serving as vice chancellor of research, they served as the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory's deputy director from 2005 to 2007.
As vice chancellor for research, they were responsible for leadership in policy, planning and administration related to campus research.
Leite was fired in 2012 for allegedly violating the university's sexual harassment policies when they increased the salary of an employee with whom they were having a sexual relationship. Before being fired, Leite was notified by Fleming that they would be demoted and have their pay docked from $188,531 to $175,000.
Melissa Wen is the executive news editor. Contact them at [email protected] and follow them on Twitter @melissalwen.
Getty Images
Usually, retirements end because a player has decided after weeks of agonizing that they want back in. As to Bills receiver Percy Harvin, it wasn't that complicated.
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the receiver-needy Bills called Harvin on a whim, asking whether they wanted to return. They considered it briefly and decided, “Why not?”
They know the coaches, the players, and the offense. And he's healthy, something Harvin wasn't for most of the final years of their career.
Still only 28, Harvin was the NFL's offensive rookie of the year in 2009 with the Vikings. They were an early-season league MVP candidate in 2012 before an ankle injury and general dysfunction ended their time in Minnesota.
Harvin has a history of being unpredictable. Which means that they soon could be retiring again, once they begin to experience any of the things that made them retire in the first place.
Seeking out individuals from a crowd has become increasingly important for biologists interested in single-cell analyses. Studies on individual cells allow scientists to understand processes that happen within this basic unit of life that often get masked by approaches that analyze groups of cells.
But there is “one very basic problem — how can one precisely pick up an individual cell?” asks Lidong Qin at the Houston Methodist Research Institute. Current methods of isolating single cells can be inefficient, expensive, time-consuming, biased or labor-intensive. Now, in a paper just out in the Journal of the American Chemical Society, Qin and colleagues describe a new kind of pipette specially designed to pick out single cells. “The pipette platform is almost a universal tool that is easy, cheap and reproducible,” says Qin.
The instrument, called the handheld single-cell pipette or hSCP, has dimensions much like a conventional handheld air-displacement pipette. It has two channels and one tip.
A researcher uses the hSCP to suck up cells from a Petri dish. Inside the pipette tip is a hook small enough to catch a single cell at random from the cells that get sucked up from the dish. Those cells that are not on the hook get removed by a flow of liquid, while the single cell on the hook can be deposited into standard 96-well or similar types of plates, Petri dishes or vials for single-cell biochemical analyses, such as cloning or the polymerase chain reaction.
Qin says the next priority is to develop the prototype into a device that can be mass-produced and commercialized.
Groups of revolutionaries are starting to move towards western Libya in an attempt to link up with opposition militias near Tripoli, setting the stage for a final assault on the capital – perhaps within weeks.
The groups are heavily armed with military weapons, which have been looted from every army base and police headquarters east of the central oil town of Ras Lusafa. They have fought skirmishes with pro-regime forces near the Gaddafi family stronghold of Sirte, but have so far avoided intensive clashes.
Organisers in Benghazi said the groups were mostly youths and former security forces who defected during the battles that led to the fall of the city.
Ramadan Faitoura, a member of the newly formed interim government in Libya's second city, said the groups were not part of an official push westward, although they have the support of the nascent leadership.
"We have a lot of weapons, and they have a lot of motivation," they said. "My job is to make the connections."
There appear to be plenty of volunteers along the way. In the town of Adjbadiya, 100 miles south of Benghazi, youths talked enthusiastically about travelling to the capital if asked to do so.
"There is nothing for us here at all," said Khaled Ahmed in the town's central square. "This whole place has been forgotten about for 42 years."
A crowd quickly gathered around him, all shouting the same demands. "Gaddafi gave us nothing," one said. " They stole everything and the people live like this."
"I'll go to Tripoli tomorrow," said another.
Like much else in this 10-day-old revolution, firm plans to take the capital have not moved past the drawing board. However, on the streets of the country's most rebellious city there is a growing restlessness that the dramatic ousting of Gaddafi loyalists last weekend has not been met by similar success in the capital.
"That's why the youths are going there," they said. "They are not being told what to do and we can't stop them. They have not been able to enter [the city of] Sirte and have to move a long way to the south to avoid the Gaddafi forces. It's the long way there."
Some groups have been given access to the many tonnes of stolen weapons, but the huge arsenals on open display early last week are being kept in reserve in the unlikely event of a counter-assault by Gaddafi loyalists.
The question of what to do with the weapons will be determined by a national council, which was announced today , and which has been given the task of putting a political face on the revolution. Gaddafi's former justice minister, Mustafa Mohamed Abud Ajleil, will run the national council and a number of the dictator's former loyalist generals will be given prominent roles.
"We want to see if we can co-ordinate between municipal councils from east and west to form an organising body," said Salwa Bugaighis, a lawyer involved in the Benghazi coalition.
"One of the aims of the body is to help the resistance in Tripoli through military and other means," they said.
Sirte, halfway along the coastal road to Tripoli, looms as a major obstacle for anyone travelling west from Benghazi. Regime checkpoints have been set up on the outskirts of the city and attempts by opposition groups to seize control have so far been unsuccessful.
"It has become more of a stronghold for Gaddafi than the capital," said a member of the organising committee, which has set up in Benghazi's court house. "Sirte could be a key to the success of all this. If it falls, there is no stopping people on the way to Tripoli."
Sirte is a Gaddafi family stronghold that continues to enjoy tribal loyalty. However opposition groups believe that could wane if enough members of the area's dominant tribe become convinced that Gaddafi's attempt to remain in control is a lost cause.
Some military officers and security chiefs have defected to the opposition there, but not in nearly the same numbers as their counterparts in the east, which is now totally under opposition control.
Evacuations of foreign nationals continued in Benghazi today , with around 300 people expected to board the Royal Navy frigate HMS Cumberland, which docked mid-afternoon after an earlier run to Malta.
The warship had earlier taken 207 people to Malta and could return for a third time to collect the estimated 300 Britons left behind.
Most remaining foreigners are employed in Libya's oil industry, which has been shut down by opposition groups, who seized refineries, rigs and wells as Gaddafi forces retreated westwards.
Some members of the national council suggested that oil production would soon be allowed to start again.
One oil worker, Canadian John Race, said they and their colleagues had turned out the lights at their desert field 400 miles south of Benghazi in order to avoid attracting attention as news of last weekend's fighting spread. "Nothing came our way though," they said before boarding the Cumberland. "There was no trouble."
High seas caused by winter storms continue to foil alternative attempts to reach Tripoli, or rebel-held towns in the west, such as Musrati, through the Gulf of Sirte.
One fisherman in Benghazi's port said two fishing boats had been sunk by missiles fired from the shore near Sirte during the past week. They also displayed a video of a scud missile on the back of a large lorry that had been seized by rebels.
A former military officer said there three other scuds had been seized – all of them up to 20 years old – and were being kept as part of a rebel armoury.
Working Together
Many IT administrators remember the uneasy feeling when you need to let a developer or a designer from the other coast perform work on your servers. No doubt, they asked for administrator and root access. And most likely, they will pass these credentials along the chain to those who will actually do the scripting on these computers. Ultimately, this is not a bad thing to quickly bring the best person from around the globe to solve a specific problem. But what should you do? Email them a certificate? Refer to the corporate policies and tell them “no” for now? Promise to initiate the process of creating AD account? Call your boss? After all, someone still needs to do the job on these servers the sooner the better.
This article discusses several ways to handle this situation and how to be ready for the request. IT administration have become more specialized in the last decade. New aspects of the administrator job are not even to do the actual administration but rather let other people from remote offices, vendors or contractors to take over. Vast majority of them are trusted people but the communication often happens through the wild world via Internet with its constant background level of permanent attacks.
Risks Involved
There are several potential threats to consider when granting access to local computers to a third party. Priorities of these risks depend on the situation.
1
Risk Associated with the Communication Channel
Nobody would trust the Internet as a communication channel so posting a password on a WEB site in an open form is clearly a bad idea. Moreover, once the password went through an untrusted unencrypted communication channel at least once there is a risk of a compromise that might not be realized immediately. The risk still might be acceptable but then it leads to a revoke issue discussed later.
2
Risk Associated with Receiver
Most likely, the end user is trusted (otherwise pick another contractor). However, it would be nice to monitor when the login from a contractor happens and ideally what exactly did they do so that negative consequences could be appropriately traced or proven unrelated to the work done on servers.
3
Risk Associated with Access Revoke
Traditionally it is easier to grant access to a resource rather than to revoke the access. So when granting the access it makes sense to think about how to revoke it when it is not needed anymore. Ideally setup the expiration at the same time of creation.
Grant the Access
1
Email (messaging)
The most simple method to give somebody root access is to email or message the credentials. Maybe even email an account and message a password or a certificate to use via two unrelated communication channels (username via email and password via text message). It would help to use encrypted email although the setup and key exchange should be done ahead of time. Ensuring that all recipients are connected through the same secure server (MS Exchange or Skype for Business) is hard because once disclosed the credentials could be transmitted further.
The biggest issue of disclosing the password is the access revoke. The only way to make the credentials invalid is to change them in their origin. First, it effects (usually unknown) other people who would fail to learn about new credentials. Lastly, admins need to remember to reset these passwords in time. However, sometimes the group of users of the server is limited and amount of such events is small so that simplicity of this method is worth the risks and a post-work on access revoke.
Below is the table that summarizes pros and cons of emailing (or messaging) the password to the destination.
Pros Cons Simple and quick to use Exposes credentials to communication channel No preparation needed Hard to revoke access Works only with direct access to the resource (in front of the firewall) Provides no monitoring and auditing capabilities
2
VPN
Another typical method to let remote users work with corporate resources is to open VPN access to the network. There are numerous VPN implementations starting with the one included with the operating systems and advancing to the complex infrastructures with hardware required to deliver to the end user.
This method is secure although it requires some preliminary work in setting up the access. In case of client side hardware or special software required it makes it hard to use by the end user. This notebook with the special VPN hardware often appears at the wrong place at the wrong time (I left the laptop at the office but need to fix something now at 2:00 a.m.) It slows down the right person to perform the work. VPN handles well access revoke from all resources altogether although revoking access from some resources while keeping other resources open could be a challenge. In addition to this, once connected to a corporate network the user could have access to additional resources by being included in some common user directory groups or by just being inside the network.
The table below summarizes benefits and risks associated with using VPN to grant access to the internal resources.
Pros Cons Secure for communication channel Hard to setup and use especially with hardware device shipped Revoke is easy for the global network access although challenging for individual accounts, resources or services VPN allows flexible configuration on the network firewall but requires significant skills and efforts to do so Provides some monitoring capabilities Provides too much access to unrelated resources Enables access to resources behind the firewall Hard to use for resources outside of the network
3
Content Management System
A clever method to distribute privileged account credentials is to keep them as records in a content management system. The Content Management System (CMS) system could the one on-premises like Microsoft SharePoint or OpenText ECM Suite or the cloud one such as Google Drive, Office 365 OneDrive for Business or DropBox Enterprise. In any case a CMS might provide permission controlled access for both internal or external users. CMS improves the risk associated with the communication channel by providing secure way to access the data.
When the organization develops a culture of using a CMS to manage identities, access revoke becomes a bit easier than compared with the emailing the credentials because a CMS will reflect password change or revoking the certificate in the same system for all interested parties who have access to see the credentials.
Below is the formal assessment of benefits of using CMS as a credential management solution.
Pros Cons Secure communication channel Requires third party software Easier to revoke access (as compare to email or VPN) Stores passwords in the open form Provides identity level permissions Lack of field level permissions Provides little monitoring and auditing capabilities
4
Enterprise Password Manager
Enterprise password managers include Identity Vault or Database for Secrets component. This component enables storage of sensitive information such as passwords, certificates and keys with the ability to share this information among system users. Good password managers would allow external users to join the system and access identities in a secure permission controlled way.
Some Identity Vault implementations even include the process that resets the account in the remote system some time after disclosing the identity to the external user. After that the vault remembers the new password for everyone else to use when needed. This function provides very good credentials revoke experience keeping the network accounts as safe as possible. In addition to that, most enterprise password managers provide detailed audit trail about system access and changes in permissions.
There are multiple enterprise password manager vendors on the market. Examples include Oracle Privileged Account Manager, Thycotic Secret Server, BeyondTrust PowerBroker and Xton Access Manager.
The table below compares benefits with drawbacks of using identity managers to control access to the company accounts.
Pros Cons Easy to use after setup System discloses the password to the destination Easy / automated access revoke Requires special software Maintains audit logs about identity access Lack of monitoring of actual system access after disclosing credentials Secure for communication channel
5
Session Manager
Session managers create and maintain a communication channel between remote client and the server usually in the form of RDP, SSH or VNC session. When used in combination with password manager, session manager can login a user to a remote server without user knowledge of the password or possession of the access key based on the user's permissions in the password vault. A session manager can monitor the session, record the video of the session, restrict certain commands that a user can execute on the remote server and alert admins about certain activities.
Session manager used together with the identity vault provide the ultimate secure access control over the accounts in the organization. When the user does not know the password to access the server the system revokes access by removing user permission in the identity vault without even resetting the actual account. CyberArk and Balabit are two examples of vendors that make session manager products.
Session managers used to be complex and hard to maintain systems with client and remote side agents required as well as heavy server side installation. However, with the technological advancement some vendors provide simple lightweight agentless session and identity management solutions that could be (and probably have to be) used by the majority of the organizations whether small, medium or large ones.
The table below summarizes pros and cons of session management systems use in the access control.
Pros Cons No identity disclosure Requires special software Easy to use after setup Requires preliminary setup Provides ultimate control over identities Maintains audit logs about identity and account access Record actual remote sessions Restricts commands executed on remote server
Summary
The intention of this article is to discuss computer architecture that allows qualified professionals to work together over complex problems easily and safely. The problem of granting access to the remote contractors did not even exist for the majority of the organization a decade or two ago. Improvement in communications made it possible for people to collaborate on a global level. The goal of the technology is to make this collaboration more efficient.
What do you think about our assessment? How do you handle this situation today? Please comment on this article. Let's make the world better connected and more secure – together.
Download Today!
Xton Access Manager is an unlimited, agentless, cross-platform privileged access management solution built from the ground up with an enterprise feature set. Simple to implement, without your typical enterprise cost and effort.
Xton Access Manager is now available for download. Please fill out this form to receive a download link to get started today, even on your current desktop or laptop. Documentation is available to help or you can email or call us to request a trial extension, discuss questions and share your feedback. We would love to talk to you.
Stressed-out holiday travelers at one of the country's busiest airports are getting a dose of comfort and joy, thanks to a crew of lovable, huggable golden retrievers.
Half a dozen goldens from the Lutheran Church Charities' K-9 ministry recently set up in Terminal 1 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport. United Airlines, apparently aware of how awesome golden retrievers are, invited the pups to greet travelers from Dec. 20 - 23.
“At Christmas, for a lot of people it's a difficult holiday. It's a stressful time for some travelers," Tim Hetzner, president of Lutheran Church Charities, told The Huffington Post. "If you've ever [flown] out of those terminals, you know the need for stress relief.”
(Story continues below photos.)
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
Courtesy of Lutheran Church Charities
"Because of the stress of travel and family and all that, [travelers] see the dogs and they stop," Hetzner said. "It's a stress-relief in the midst of their travels. They look stressed and tense and then they pet the dogs, take a few deep breaths, hug them and move on. ...Unless their flights are cancelled, then they'll be there for hours."
A blog post on the charity group's website lists a number of reactions from people who stopped to play with the dogs. "We have been traveling 30 hours from India these dogs are helping us on the final leg," said one. "I was late to the airport and missed my flight but I don't care since the dogs are here," said another.
Hetzner also said that this is the first year the K-9 ministry dogs have been deployed to O'Hare, though they make regular trips both near and far from their Addison, Illinois, home base. Most recently, several of the dogs were sent to Pontiac, Illinois, to help comfort a school community that had lost three students in five days to both illness and suicide, Hetzner said.
RSO has been touted by its namesake Rick Simpson as a ‘cure-all', going so far as to profess RSO is even able to cure cancer. Rick begins their story sharing about how they believe they cured their own skin cancer with topical applications of their namesake concentrate. Before you get too excited, this is a claim that science has yet to prove in human subjects. Interestingly, the US Government acknowledges that cannabis can kill cancer cells in the laboratory. These observations have yet to be proved in human test subjects by mainstream science, although some in the medical community continue to call for human trials.
Manuel Guzman has conducted the only phase I clinical trial known of which uses THC to treat cancer. Although the trial lacked a control group they concluded, “the results obtained suggested that some patients responded -at least partially- to THC treatment in terms of decreased tumour growth rate, as evaluated by imaging and biomarker analyses.” MRI scans of the tumors showed a reduction in physical size, and DNA biomarkers also identified the tumor as shrinking. If you have not already, please watch The Scientist, which is the documentary about Raphael Mechoulam (the man who first isolated THC in 1964, considered the grandfather of modern cannabis and endocannabinoid system research) which features a segment called “Can Cannabis Cure Cancer?” If you do only one thing I ask of you ever, please make it me this one thing and watch this documentary. There are strong indications which lead some to think cannabis may be an effective anticancer treatment for some cancers in humans.
The key to an effective cancer treatment is a substance which not only kills cancer but is also and most importantly non-toxic to the human body. Bleach can kill cancer cells, but is highly toxic to our bodies, and therefore makes it a really bad choice for human use. The most prominent cancer treatment used today is chemotherapy, it is such an aggressive and nondiscriminatory killer that it attacks healthy cells alongside cancerous cells. Some may find it utterly shocking to learn that modern chemotherapy is actually the first-cousin of mustard gas. That is the same poison which was deployed in chemical warfare starting in WWI. The treatment of cancer with modern chemotherapy as we know today was an idea inspired by the observations made of the deceased victims of mustard gas. The poison gas caused a significant reduction of white blood cell counts in the victims, which inspired scientists to dream that this agent could be used to kill other types of cells which divide and multiply quickly, like cancer cells.
Cannabis instead is non-toxic to the human body and has never once in history caused an overdose. If cannabinoids are able to help our bodies fight cancer, its benign nature would sure make for a better choice over chemotherapy. To be clear, I am not promoting cannabis as a cure for cancer, as science has yet to conclusively prove that to be the case in humans. Dr. Guzman notes that clearly saying, “…the current anecdotal evidence reported on this issue is pretty poor, and, unfortunately, remains far from supporting that cannabinoids are efficacious anticancer drugs for large patient populations.” While there may be inklings of a potential success, we have not gone all the way down to the bottom of the rabbit hole.
Before you sign yourself up for a lifetime of smoking cannabis to ward off cancer, remember that both Bob Marley and Tommy Chong developed cancer, and were arguably the two people who have smoked the most cannabis ever. Smoking anything inherently comes with carcinogenic chemicals, they are simply a by-product of the combustion process. So if you smoke your cannabis, please consider switching to vaporization of your flower, or a different consumption method altogether. Any smoke is bad, period, even including cannabis smoke. If you are diagnosed with cancer, remember before you swear off of conventional modern medicine, that the research still needs to be done to prove cannabis is an effective anticancer treatment.
Do you think the government should fund research to investigate cannabis as an anticancer agent? Tell us what you think in the comments below or on Facebook!
China is celebrating its National Day just weeks before a once-in-a-decade handover of power within the ruling Communist Party.
A dawn flag-raising ceremony in Tiananmen Square will start the 63rd National Day celebrations on Monday.
Outgoing President Hu Jintao; Wen Jiabao, the current and outgoing prime minister; and Xi Jinping, the future president, will lay flowers at the Monument to the People's Heroes in Beijing.
The festivities are also taking place against the backdrop of a scandal that has brought down powerful ruling party politician Bo Xilai.
There are also tensions with Japan over disputed islands in the East China Sea.
In Hong Kong on Monday, police blocked about 60 demonstrators from a flag-raising ceremony, the Reuters news agency reported.
Al Jazeera's Divya Gopalan, reporting from Hong Kong on Monday, said this was a crucial period for China.
"There were speeches on Saturday when Premier Wen said that China was ushering in a new era, and they were going to build on previous achievements and push forward with development. All very positive," they said.
"He also mentioned that China was facing a period of opening up, and much development is still needed."
Speaking to Al Jazeera from Beijing, Willem Van Kemenade, a China analyst, said: "[China's] spectacular economic development is contrasted with the lack of political development. The talk has been about political reform, liberalisation if you wish, but almost none of that has happened.
"China is still a dictatorship without a dictator," they said, "because the president is a rather colourless imageless figure."
Leadership change
Our correspondent said the big leadership change that happens once every decade would take place on November 8.
"The reason this will be particularly looked at is because China has had a period of instability, its economy has been moving in different directions," Al Jazeera's Gopalan said.
"It has shown as a lack of coherence within the Communist Party that people outside have picked up on. That came up in particular with Bo Xilai."
Bo was expelled from the party in a scandal that has embarassed the Chinese government.
They were tipped for a top position until they got caught up in a scandal involving the murder of a British business person. They will now face charges for abuse of power, bribe-taking and improper relations with a number of women.
The National Day festivities are also being overshadowed by a territorial dispute with Japan over islands in the East China Sea.
Despite international pressure, both countries refuse to back down over the dispute that puts into question the sovereignty of the islands known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.
The dispute has brought nationalism and patriotism to the fore, and caused sometimes violent protests in China targeting Japanese businesses.
The dispute is testing perhaps the most important economic relationship in Asia, between the world's second- and third-largest economies.
Figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) painted a bleak picture of the country's finances, putting pressure on the Chancellor to deliver the cuts unveiled in the Budget.
Philip Shaw, an economist at Investec, called the latest figures "a reminder that the path towards budgetary rectitude has just begun and that this is not the time to relax any plans".
ONS data for August showed that net borrowing hit £15.9bn, compared with £14.1bn in the same month last year, and the current budget deficit – the difference between income and expenditure – rose by £2.3bn to £13.3bn.
Although tax receipts for the month increased £2.2bn to £37.1bn, spending climbed by £4.9bn to £49.8bn. Half of the rise in expenditure was a result of steeper interest charges, up by £2.5bn to £3.8bn – reflecting changes to the retail price index rate of inflation, but the rest was down to an £800m surge in social benefits and other items.
According to the Institute for Fiscal Studies, spending this August was 10.8pc higher than last year and up 6.5pc for the period April to August – above the Budget forecast for a 5.6pc increase in current spending for the year as a whole.
"This report should serve as a more than gentle reminder of the need to arrest the pace of increase in current expenditure," said Stuart Green, HSBC chief economist.
Chancellor George Osborne plans to slash spending by £83bn by 2015, accounting for three quarters of their planned £113bn austerity drive. Mr Shaw added that the "increase in tax receipts was disappointing, at 6.3pc higher than a year ago".
Despite the weak public finances, economists stressed that the Government remained on track to meet its forecast for a £149bn deficit this year. "Between April and August cumulative borrowing is still some £3.8bn below the same period last year," Mr Shaw said. "If this pace is maintained, net borrowing would total £146bn, some £3bn below official forecasts."
A Treasury spokesperson said: "Today's borrowing figures demonstrate just why the Government needs to tackle the deficit."
I know there are more than a few American readers who took a chance on this post, clicking on the headline even though they know the presence of Huawei's name likely means that everything they're about to read won't apply to them. The Ascend Mate 2 is one device that runs counter to this expectation. Huawei sells the phone directly to consumers online, including folks who live in the US. People who have already purchased the flagship device, or those who opt to purchase one in the future, now have the option to flash a version of the Team Win Recovery Project's custom recovery to their devices.
This release brings version 2.8 of TWRP, which is the most current one that went out just over a month ago. With it, users can easily back up or restore their Ascend Mate 2s and flash custom ROMs to their devices. Just know that, by replacing the stock recovery, you're forfeiting the ability to receive future over-the-air updates. That's a big deal, but if you plan on running a custom ROM from here on out, then it's also largely irrelevant. Have fun, practice safe flashing, and don't look to us if anything goes wrong.
Source: Team Win Recovery Project
Former Congressman Ron Paul said during a recent speech that the U.S. empire is closer to collapse than most people want to believe. But, Paul added, that's a good thing.
Paul told attendees at an event hosted by the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Texas that America, just like every other empire throughout human history, is collapsing from within.
“I believe… what our contention has to be right now is what is happening to our country from within,” they said. “And actually it's very encouraging. They're disintegrating… We don't have to go to war with them.”
Paul said that the Federal Reserve's consideration of negative interest rates and increased government pushes to do away with cash could be what finally wakes Americans up and causes them to “revolt against this insanity.”
The longtime lawmaker predicted that as the U.S. government dissolves, it will be replaced by a simple system focused on individual freedom.
“What do we have today? We have a government that lies, cheats, steals, counterfeits, murders people around the world, puts people in prison without charges,” Paul said, noting that the federal government violates all of the most basic rules of human interaction.
Paul said they believe things will get tough in the U.S. before they get better—but they don't fear a bloody revolution.
“We don't have to think about how many tanks are we going to have to invade Washington, DC. They have more tanks. They have bombs and drones and everything else,” they said. “But, believe me, ideas are much more powerful than those tanks that they don't even know how to run and won't even have the fuel to run eventually. So, I would say, stick with the ideas of liberty to combat the disaster of the twentieth century.”
Charlotte, N.C. - The New Orleans Saints secured their first win in emphatic fashion Sunday with a 34-13 victory over the previously undefeated Carolina Panthers at Bank of America Stadium.
The winning formula: quarterback Drew Brees tossed three touchdown passes (Michael Thomas, Brandon Coleman and Ted Ginn Jr. ), the defense sacked Carolina quarterback Cam Newton four time and forced its first three turnovers of the season.
The Saints (1-2) will travel to London on Sunday night to begin preparations for next Sunday's game vs. the Miami Dolphins at Wembley Stadium.
After surrenedering an early Carolina field goal, the Saints took a 7-3 lead when Brees hit Thomas for a 5-yard score, the fifth time they connected on the team's opening drive and never looked back. Brees are sharp all game and the running backs - and Ginn - took turns busting big runs. Rookie Alvin Kamara had the biggest, a 25-yard score in the fourth quarter.
Carolina entered the game as the NFL's top defense leading in total yards allowed, passing average, first downs allowed and points allowed.
Saints defensive ends Cam Jordan, Hau'oli Kikaha, Trey Hendrickson and Alex Okafor each had a sack while cornerback P.J. Williams came up with a second quarter interception on very nice play. Rookie safety Marcus Williams added another interception in the fourth quarter on an amazing one-handed snag and veteran safety Kenny Vaccaro joined the fun with another interception in the fourth quarter. They were the team's first forced turnovers this season.
Special teams contributed to the win as well with two Wil Lutz field goals (33 and 50 yards), a booming Thomas Morstead 59-yard punt and solid coverage teams on kickoffs.
Carolina (2-1) lost receiver Kelvin Benjamin to a knee injury in the first half and linebacker Thomas Davis to a rib injury in the second half (he later returned)
The Saints will get Drew Brees back for the Dolphins game as their three-game suspension is over.
New Orleans Saints stats
Drew Brees, 22 of 29 for 220 yards and three TDs
Mark Ingram II, 14 carries for 56 yards
Michael Thomas, seven catches for 87 yards and one TD
Carolina Panthers stats
Cam Newton, 17 of 26 for 167 yards with one rushing TD
Jonathan Stewart, 12 carries for 57 yards
Last month, the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Elmbrook School District in Brookfield, Wisconsin violated the First Amendment when it held its graduation ceremonies in a church. You can read a summary of the case here.
At the time, I wrote this:
The district's last option now is to ask the Supreme Court to overturn the ruling. I would hope, after all this unnecessary fighting (and waste of taxpayer money), they just accept the loss and move on.
Well, looks like they're ignoring me. Last week, they voted to ask the Supreme Court to hear their case:
On Tuesday, August 21, the School District of Elmbrook Board of Education voted 5-2 to appeal the 7th Circuit Court's decision in the case of Does vs. School District of Elmbrook to the United States Supreme Court.
The district says it has attorneys who will work for free for them, but they're also adding that it won't cost the taxpayers more than $15,000. Money that should be going toward the education of students but will instead go to see if school-sponsored ceremonies in openly religious venues are ok.
The best outcome here would be for the Supreme Court to just decline to hear the case — which is what they do most of the time, anyway. But this is a case involving church-state separation… and given the current makeup of the court, it's possible Justices Scalia and Thomas could persuade their conservative colleagues to accept it for review.
For what it's worth, the whole case is moot for the district. They haven't held a graduation ceremony in the church since 2009 after a new fieldhouse was built. They're doing this for the sake of principle… to see if other districts can get away with it. And if they win, who knows, maybe they'll be relocating the event back to the church.
(Thanks to Angela for the link!)
Slate's Dave Weigel notices an interesting shift in public opinion on drone attacks--one that it's hard to think of any explanation for other than Rand Paul's drone-filibuster and its resultant publicity:
A year ago, as the presidential race was taking shape, The Washington Post's pollster asked voters whether they favored the use of drones to kill terrorists or terror suspects if they were "American citizens living in other countries." The net rating at the time was positive: 65 percent for, 26 percent against. Today, after a month of Rand Paul-driven discussion of drone warfare, Gallup asksbasically the same question: Should the U.S. "use drones to launch airstrikes in other countries against U.S. citizens living abroad who are suspected terrorists?" The new numbers: 41 percent for, 52 percent against.
I told the Sunday New York Times reader a month before the filibuster that Rand Paul was one to watch for the future of the Republican Party.
The Outsiders, the indie studio set up by Battlefield lead designer David Goldfarb, have revealed its first game.
Currently titled Project Wight, it is a monster game set in era of Vikings. Think the saga of Grendel, for example, but with a twist.
That twist is that you play as the "monster", one of the last of their species. The rest of their kind have been hunted down and slaughtered by humans.
In this atmospheric teaser video, narrated by Goldfarb, we can see how your abilities are affected by the age of the creature you are playing.
It's impressive to see how quickly you are made to care for the creature - it all gets a bit Walking Dead for your dad.
We've yet to hear a release date or platforms for the game, but look forward to hearing more in the near future:
A young father warned Ireland's housing crisis is now crucifying hard-working families who cannot afford to either rent or buy a home.
A young father warned Ireland's housing crisis is now crucifying hard-working families who cannot afford to either rent or buy a home.
'We're earning €60,000 a year but can't afford to rent or buy a house'
Luciano Forte (36), their former partner, Monica Delfino (41), and their son, Giuseppe (10), admitted they dread Christmas having been served with notice to quit their Dublin house by a landlord who is intent on selling the property.
The family were given four months to leave the property they have lived in since 2012.
Incredibly, despite the fact Luciano and Monica are both working, one as a retail shop manager and the other as a nurse, they are finding it impossible to locate comparable accommodation in Artane for a rent they can afford.
Luciano, from Longford but who has been working in Dublin all their adult life, said they were only speaking out about their family's plight because tens of thousands of other families in Ireland are in the same desperate position.
“The tragedy is that this isn't just about my family,” they said.
“There are tens of thousands of people around Ireland, ordinary couples, young people and families who are terrified of that same phone call from a landlord or a letting agent that we got.”
“People are working God awful hours, saving every penny they can after they pay their taxes and it still isn't enough.”
“I try to look on my family as one of the lucky ones. No matter what, we will still be able to put food on the table at Christmas and the New Year. The problem for us is that we just don't know where that kitchen table will be in the future.”
Luciano revealed their family have been trying to save for a mortgage for a decade – but found their ability to save hit first by the Universal Service Charge tax, then spiralling road tax and insurance rates, water charges, property tax, soaring rents and finally the Central Bank demand for a 20pc mortgage saving deposit.
“It's not just my family that are facing this,” they said.
“There are people around Ireland, ordinary people, from every walk of life who are now lying awake at night afraid of being left homeless.
They work hard, pay their taxes and are still living in fear.”
“Every issue in Ireland is down to the same few causes – it is like a problem pyramid, those few bad decisions made at the top work their way down and cause all the problems at the bottom.
"We can tackle those problems, we certainly have the money, Ireland is awash with it no matter what the government says, that money is there, just look at the insane pensions and bonuses it gives out to the people who need it the least, but those are the people in power and they don't have the will to change or even address the problems."
Luciano and Monica were horrified to realise that rents are, in some cases, almost 50pc above what they are currently paying and are rising by the week.
In determination to keep their son in the area, they have commenced a campaign of knocking on neighbour doors to determine if someone is leaving their rented home making a suitable property available.
“You should have seen the look of terror on people's faces when I told them our story and asked if they knew if a property would be available? I could see they were terrified that they could be next to lose their home.”
“I do not want a hand-out. I don't want anything for free" Luciano said.
“I just want to be able to rent an ordinary house that we can call home or be given a mortgage and a chance to put our rent into bricks and mortar for our future and Giuseppe's future.”
“I poured my heart out to the bank and they still said ‘No'. What made it hurt was it was the same bank branch that gave one developer a €500m loan which was later written-off.”
“Like every other parent, I want a home for my son. I don't think that is a lot to ask for. But modern Ireland is a very scary place. I don't ever remember Ireland being this frightening for people growing up in Longford 20 years ago.”
Luciano said they find it “absolutely disgusting” to see the plight that families, couples and young people face while vulture funds pay little or no tax on millions of Euro profits.
“The Irish economy might be working well for the Central Bank, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. But it isn't working very well for my family, for thousands of other families in need, for the people sleeping tonight in a car, for the families in a hotel room and certainly not for our fellow citizens forced to sleep in doorways tonight."
Their son Giuseppe is happily settled in school which is a 10 minute busride from their current rented home.
Giuseppe is also a devoted member of the local GAA and football clubs so they don't want to be forced out of the tight knit area.
The inability of the family to find suitable rented accommodation is all the more shocking from the fact Luciano and Monica never missed a monthly rent payment in 10 years living in Dublin.
The family has an excellent credit rating from the full repayment of various loans including one for their family car.
Since 2011, Monica and Luciano have paid a whopping €20,000 between them on Universal Social Charge (USC) to the Government.
Spiralling rates of car tax, car insurance and living expenses have meant their bid to save up to meet the tough Central Bank mortgage deposit requirements have been fatally undermined.
Last year, they applied for a mortgage in a bid to finally get a home of their own.
But their application for the €220,000 mortgage was declined due to the fact they didn't have the required savings as set out by the Central Bank.
The mortgage refusal came despite the fact both adults are in full time, permanent jobs with a combined salary of around €60,000.
“The ripple effects of that mortgage refusal were appalling for my family. We began to worry about losing our home and where on earth we would rent a property for something we could afford.”
“I do not understand it. We have been renting for 10 years and we have paid €120,000 in rent. That is half the total loan we want. But they still will not give us a mortgage,” they said.
Luciano's fear is that, like thousands of other Irish families, they will be forced to quit the area where their son has made friends and gone to school in search of cheaper rental accommodation elsewhere.
“For us emergency accommodation is a fear – a genuine fear. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried,” they said.
Luciano also worries about an unending cycle of having to move every time rents spiral beyond their budget.
Monica a nurse in a Dublin public hospital leaves for work at 6am every morning and Luciano arrives home from work at 7 every evening.
“It does seem strange to say your dream is to get a mortgage that will take you 25 years or so of your life to pay off, say that to your 20 year old self and see how they feel?"
“But that's our Christmas wish. We don't want a palace. A simple two-up, two-down house that we can pay for and call home. I don't think that is a lot to ask for in modern Ireland.”
Irish Independent
That Barack Obama jog toward the political center now that he's won the Democratic nomination appears to have turned into a full-fledged dash today. And there are a lot of folks on the left side of their party that are unhappy.
But, to be Chicago kind of candid, whatcha gonna do about it?
Today, the first-year student senator from Illinois voted in favor of the FISA bill that provides retroactive legal protection to cooperating telecom companies that helped the feds eavesdrop on overseas calls. Up until a few weeks ago -- let's see, that would be shortly after the last primaries settled the Democratic nomination and terminated what's-her-name's once frontrunning campaign -- Obama adamantly opposed the bill. "Unequivocally" was the word their people used.
"Barack will support a filibuster of any bill that includes retroactive immunity for telecommunications companies," Obama spokesperson Bill Burton said last fall. In December, as ABC's Jake Tapper notes, Obama's office said: “Sen. Obama unequivocally opposes giving retroactive immunity to telecommunications companies and has cosponsored Sen. Dodd's efforts to remove that provision from the FISA bill."
In February, Obama voted for an amendment to carve the retroactive immunity out of the measure. And they said: "I am proud to stand with Sen. Dodd, Sen. Feingold and a grass-roots movement of Americans who are refusing to let President Bush put protections for special interests ahead of our security and our liberty. There is no reason why telephone companies should be given blanket immunity to cover violations of the rights of the American people."
Let's see, those statements were all made during that endless Democratic primary season.
After June 4, Obama said: "It is a close call for me, but I think the current legislation with exclusivity provision that says that a president -- whether George Bush, myself or John McCain -- can't make up rationales for getting around FISA court, can't suggest that somehow that there is some law that stands above the laws passed by Congress in engaging in warrantless wiretaps."
Never mind that it's confusing. It's supposed to be. Yes, he's usually a real good talker. But they wanted to avoid providing a clear-cut quote for future use against himself. Bottom line, today Obama voted for the measure they have so long opposed. So they were against the bill before they were for the bill.
And guess what? Their primary primary opponent, Hillary Clinton from the Empire State, the one who got ditched by much of the Democratic left in favor of this new guy from Illinois who had no visible warts, they voted against the bill. Talk about retroactive regret by some.
"It's ironic so far, I suppose," one commentor wrote on OpenLeft today, "that Clinton is of late a more reliable ally than Obama." Over at Wake up America they provided a detailed accounting of the excoriating of Obama by alleged supporters on the candidate's own website.
With their vote unnecessary for victory, Sen. McCain spent the day in Ohio, of all places, which just happens to be the state that Republicans do not win the White House without. If you get our drift.
-- Andrew Malcolm
FERGUSON, Mo. – Activist teachers are already spinning yarns in their classrooms to score political points in the shooting death of Ferguson, Missouri teen Michael Brown.
The unidentified Selma, Alabama teacher who was suspended for having students reenact the shooting isn't the only one.
Mike Kaechele, a Grand Rapids, Michigan teacher says the incident, as well as resulting looting and rioting, are a good reminder that “institutional racism has always been” in America.
They write on their “Concrete Classroom” blog:
The tragic event of the killing of MIchael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri have led to protests and rioting against police brutality. It brings to the surface (again) the institutional racism that has always been in our country. I think white privilege causes some to look at Ferguson as an excuse for criminal activity rather than a political protest. William Chamberlain tweeted a comment about the looting comparing it to the Boston Tea Party.
So “white privilege” causes people to look at the looting as “criminal activity” as opposed to a “political protest”?
RELATED: Teacher suspended for classroom ‘reenactment' of Michael Brown shooting
Kaechele created this image and posted it on their website.
The teacher offered several questions to be asked, including:
*What are the similarities between the events?
*Why did the people in Boston dress up as Native Americans?
*What stereotypes do that show?
*What is institutional racism and how should it be addressed?
*Why is the image on the right called a “party”?
*The event on the right has been mythologized and treated as action by heroes. Do you think the event on the left will be?
Innocent small business owners – who have nothing to do with the police nor the incident – themselves were victimized by criminals who saw the teen's death as an excuse to steal and destroy.
“John Zisser of Zisser Tire and Auto Services told the Business Journal that damage and inventory loss could top $100,000. They were able to open their doors after replacing broken windows with plywood board and hanging up a ‘Now Open' banner,” the Washington Times reports.
It's unclear whether Kaechele's desired conclusion by students is that the events are, indeed, nothing like each other. But given their rhetoric about “white privilege” and “institutional racism,” they probably see some moral equivalence.
To see more lessons by activist teachers, search #FergusonSyllabus on Twitter.
Frank McGowan has recalled how they felt ‘raped' after a woman sexually abused them at a house party in Glasgow.
The filmmaker – who was nominated for a BAFTA for Looking After Mum – said that they were left suffering from post traumatic stress disorder after the incident back in 2015.
Cheryl Cottrell has been found guilty sexual assault, after they “violently pushed their fingers inside” them when they bent over to pick something up.
Before that, Frank was attempting to fend of their unwanted advances, and they knew that they were gay and in a relationship.
“She didn't stop and I had to use all my strength to throw them off me,” they told The Daily Record.
“I still feel empty, hopeless and upset. I felt like the only guy in the world going through the aftermath of this disgusting violence.”
Cottrell denied attacking him, but after a trial ay Glasgow Sheriff Court they were found guilty of sexual assault.
© Facebook
However, it could not be defined as rape as the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009 says it has to be penetration by a penis without consent.
This means that women can't be tried and convicted of rape.
Cottrell was sentenced to 120 hours of community service and will be placed on the Sex Offenders' Register.
“She got off lightly and I'll have to live with what they did for the rest of my life,” said Frank.
“The experience destroyed me,” they added. “Things got so bad, I tried to take my own life. Thankfully a close friend stopped me at the last minute, but I'll never get over what happened to me.”
Male victims of sexual assault can contact Survivors UK for support.
They are available via their official website, on SMS on 020 3322 1860, or on WhatsApp on 07491 816064.
When Martin O'Malley left the governor's mansion in January, they and their wife were allowed to buy for $9,638 dozen pieces of furniture the taxpayers had spent $62,000 to purchase, most of it eight years earlier, on the grounds that it was "junk" that would otherwise have been thrown away. Those involved in engineering that arrangement insist that it was entirely above board and represented a good deal for the public. We have a hard time buying either assertion, and the fact that former Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. and their family evidently did the same thing to a lesser extent doesn't make it any better. If this is how business has been conducted by the state, it needs to change.
Maryland has rules about how to sell publicly owned property, and one of them forbids preferential sales to government officials. A sale to the outgoing governor without an appraisal or notice — much less any opportunity for other members of the public to bid on the items — would certainly seem to fit that definition. Indeed, it is in some ways reminiscent of an attempt by the Ehrlich administration to sell a piece of park land to an anonymous "benefactor" (later identified as the now deceased developer Willard Hackerman) with no appraisal or opportunity for bidding — which Mr. O'Malley criticized as an "under the table" deal.
Then again, maybe that deal was better — it went before the Board of Public Works, where public scrutiny eventually killed it, and Hackerman was at least willing to reimburse the state for its entire purchase price on the property. The O'Malleys, by contrast, benefited from some quick, generous and rather unscientific calculations on the depreciation of furniture.
The Sun's Doug Donovan reported Saturday that the official from the Department of General Services who was in charge of determining whether the pieces could be declared surplus and setting prices for them, Samuel L. Cook, evidently sped along a process that can take weeks into one day — Jan. 15, the day the former first family moved out of Government House. They did not start, as one might expect they would, by asking the soon-to-be occupant of the mansion, then-Gov.-elect Larry Hogan, whether they wanted any of the furniture. Rather, they operated on the arbitrary assumption that all items of furnishing — whether a mirror hanging on the wall or a couch in a kids' playroom — have a useful life of 10 years and at that point should be thrown away.
(The facts that some of the items the O'Malley's wanted to purchase had somehow managed to survive 20 years or more, or that one of the items in question, a file cabinet, was less than a year old, appear not to have fazed him.)
Mr. Cook generally discounted the value of each item by 10 percent for every year since it was purchased. Thus, anything bought for the O'Malleys when they moved in to Government House in 2007 was discounted to 20 percent of its initial price. Older items went for as little as 1 percent. Among the items purchased since 2007, Mr. Cook deviated from the formula only once, for the O'Malleys' bed, which was discounted an additional $100 because it was damaged.
The state needs to do better than a back-of-the-envelope calculation when it sells property we all paid for. Whether it's a piece of publicly owned parkland or a TV in the governor's mansion exercise room, the state needs at least an appraisal and preferably a public auction to determine an item's true value.
Gov. Larry Hogan — who was surprised when they moved in to discover that the private quarters of the mansion looked like Cindy Lou Who's house after the Grinch swept through — appears to be taking the situation with good humor. They posted Sunday on Facebook, "If they call that expensive, beautiful, barely used furniture 'junk,' I'd hate to hear what they call the 20 year old stuff I brought with me from my house to replace it all." They added later: "None of it would have been 'thrown out,' or surplussed, or sold in any manner. Had it not all been removed a few days before we moved in, our intention would have been to leave all of it in place, just as it was, in the people's house."
The matter bears more investigation. The Department of General Services was right to refer the matter to the assistant attorney general assigned to the agency, and they were right to ask the state Ethics Commission for a ruling.
If the commission somehow agrees with Mr. O'Malley's defenders that a state regulation governing the disposal of public property to other governmental agencies or non-profits applies here, the legislature needs to step in. Maryland pays its governors reasonably well (the state's chief executive is tied for 13th highest paid, according to the Council of State Governments) and provides them with room, board and transportation. We don't need to be offering them lavish parting gifts as well.
In a typical 2D grid based game, you restrict your level to fit into predefined squares. This makes it pretty easy to process this data with an A* pathfinding algorithm. But what happens if you are not creating tile-based levels?
Consider a level that resembles the following:
The black squares are walls. The white circle is our movable character. Our goal is to provide a mechanism that will allow us to calculate A* paths in a Unity level such as this.
The first step, is to define an area that we will use to generate and calculate the nodal map. In this demo we do this by creating a GameObject (Grid gameobject), and setting its position and scale. This will be the area we will use to generate our Nodes.
These Nodes will serve as way points to help your character maneuver the map. Once these way points are generated, it resembles like this:
I opted to generate the nodes in a diamond shaped pattern, as it provides a much better nodal mesh than a square pattern.
The distance between each node also matter. You need to match up your character's size with the distance between nodes, otherwise you will not know if your character will be able to fit in between some holes. As long as your character is smaller than a half-unit, it will be able to fit. You could always generate multiple maps, if you have characters that vary greatly in size.
Here is how I setup my unit size for the demo. This circle should be able to pass between any two nodes:
The next step is to generate the Connections between each node. For each Node, we raycast in all 8 directions, to determine if the path if valid or not. If the raycast hits a wall, or if the raycast is traveling outside of the defined area, then we mark the connection as bad (red). If the check passes, we mark the connection as valid (green). Each Node will then have 8 connections.
This gives us our starting connection map that resembles this:
Removing the red lines from our output, we can then look at the valid paths that were generated from this simple base check:
You can immediately notice that some of the paths are bad, as the circle cannot navigate between the two top-most walls for example. Also, there are some paths that lead to dead-ends, which we don't want. We need to cull these bad paths, in order for our pathfinder to work properly.
We first start culling some Nodes, based on its connections. If a Node does not have at least 3 valid connection points, we remove them. In the following image, we mark these Nodes by coloring them red:
Now that we have all of the bad Nodes, we remove any of the connections traveling to and from them. This gives us a much nicer Nodal map than what we had previously:
Then it is just a matter of plugging in each connection as a neighbor in your A* pathfinding algorithm. Your A* neighbors are all defined by your Nodes and their Connections.
Feel free to try the Demo.
Download the Unity 5 source code and project files here.
Update:
A friend of mine has expanded on this nodal pathfinding model, and has pusblished their code over on their Github
Example gif
KENTWOOD, MI—Two years after making the decision to quit drinking once and for all, local man and recovering alcoholic Julian Bradford, 35, told reporters Monday they now realize that they don't need friends to have a good time.
“For so long, I thought that hanging out with my friends was the only way for me to have any fun, but it turns out I can have just as great a time without them,” said Bradford, who according to sources hasn't had a drink or a night out with their buddies since 2012. “It was tough at first, but now that alcohol's out of my life, I finally understand that I don't need companionship to keep myself entertained. Now, I can have a perfectly enjoyable evening, by myself, watching TV, all without having so much as a single friend.”
Advertisement
“The sad thing is, I came to rely on being with friends every night, and that led me down the wrong path,” they continued. “I didn't see it then—or maybe I just didn't want to see it—but those pals were terrible for me. And realizing I can live a happy life without them around is the greatest feeling in the world.”
A longtime alcoholic, Bradford reportedly made the decision to end their dependence on friendship after years of wild nights on the town, at which point the local electrical supply salesperson ceased drinking and engaging in group activities of any kind. Bradford confirmed that with the help of Alcoholics Anonymous meetings in which they spent an hour every other day sitting in a church basement with a group of complete strangers, they were gradually able to wean themselves off of their decades-long friendships that had taken a toll on their life and left them devastated.
Bradford told reporters they have since come to understand that it's no longer necessary for them to have a friend by their side at all times to enjoy a baseball game or a movie, saying that giving up camaraderie was the best decision they have ever made.
Advertisement
“Of course I still think about socializing from time to time, but whenever I get tempted to make a phone call to Andy or Dave—even just one little text—I put my phone away and go for a walk alone to settle my mind,” Bradford said. “I remind myself that just one night with them is all it would take to bring me back to that old social life I don't want. And if I hang out with one bud, I just know I'd end up hanging out with a bunch, and I know exactly where that would lead me.”
According to Bradford, at their worst they would sometimes see their friends before noon or even meet up with them during their lunch break at work, saying that for several years they fraternized every day of the week. Looking back, Bradford said they deeply disliked the person they became when they joked around with friends, noting that they were often extremely loud and obnoxious, and that he's happy to now enjoy more quiet pursuits like reading and listening to music alone in their one-bedroom apartment.
The unmarried man told reporters that they were able to quit friendship “cold turkey,” and has not so much as attended a single housewarming party since going clean. Today, Bradford, who no longer touches beer, wine, or liquor, said they have no regrets about giving up their past life of summer barbecues, recreational softball leagues, and nights relaxing with friends in their living room.
Advertisement
“For a while, it seemed like I was spending every single moment partying and screwing around with the guys,” said Bradford, who noted that they now actively avoids any group outings or social situations in which they may come in contact with their former buddies. “Honestly, it got to the point where I couldn't go a day without spending time with at least one friend; and you'd often find me in my basement kicking back with as many as 10 or 12 of them in one evening. Hell, sometimes I'd pass out on the couch surrounded by my buds and then start hanging out with them the second I woke up the next morning.”
“I finally realized that if I didn't stop spending all my time with these people, I'd probably end up doing it for the rest of my life,” they added.
While Bradford asserted that their life is vastly improved now that they have freed themselves from their deep-rooted reliance on friendship, the nondrinker acknowledged to reporters the importance of remaining disciplined in avoiding the temptations of companionship, claiming that, as someone who was predisposed to enjoying long, crazy nights spent living it up with their friends, they continue to be at risk of falling off the wagon and returning to their old habits of being social.
Advertisement
“I've heard the horror stories about people who think they can handle just one concert or trip to the beach, and before you know it, they're back to their former ways, spending an entire weekend with their old pals like they used to,” the recovering alcoholic said. “But that's the last thing I want to happen to me.”
“And as long as I stay away from booze,” they continued, “I'm confident I'll never run into my old friends ever again.”
Two Hong Kong secondary school students have committed suicide in the space of 24 hours after the Chinese New Year holidays.
On Sunday at around 9am, a 16-year-old male secondary school student took their own life at Lee On Estate, a public housing estate in Ma On Shan.
The following day at around 6am, a 13-year-old female secondary school student took their own life at Cheung Ching Estate, a public housing estate in Tsing Yi.
The Education Bureau said that it was very saddened by the incidents, Apple Daily reported. It said that the relevant schools have activated their crisis response groups, and that the bureau has sent staff to the schools to provide support.
The bureau also referred to the final report of the Committee on Prevention of Student Suicides, published last November, which said that suicides were caused by multiple complicated interacting factors. The bureau added that it was following up with and implementing many recommendations made in the report, such as reviewing the education system to better emphasise non-academic achievements.
The committee had been established by the Education Bureau in March 2016 following a spate of student suicides.
On Monday, lawmaker Alvin Yeung Ngok-kiu published an email they received from a form three secondary school students, criticising the Education Bureau chief Eddie Ng Hak-kim for claiming last October that student suicides could be prevented by better life planning.
The student said that they were stressed over academic results because of the education system: “Like most of Hong Kong's students, I can't see any future. I'm studying repeatedly every single day, but I don't understand the point of it.”
35 cases of student suicide were reported last year.
If you are experiencing negative feelings, please call: The Samaritans 2896 0000 (24-hour, multilingual), Suicide Prevention Centre 2382 0000 or the Social Welfare Department 2343 2255. The Hong Kong Society of Counseling and Psychology provides a WhatsApp hotline in English and Chinese: 6218 1084.
The Story
Avalanche is a short dramatic meditation on the experience of a young black archer, Nathan. Nathan is a hungry, well seasoned, archer at only the age of 14. They wish to become much like their Olympic idols, and reach for perfection. This passion quickly becomes a thorn in their military father's side. As their father, Eric, belittles and berates them at every turn, we slowly see the loss of innocence, and the transformation of a young boy, into a polished soldier just like their father.
HOW KICKSTARTER WORKS
With Kickstarter, you can donate online by clicking the green "Back this Project" button at the upper right-hand side of this page. You can put any amount -- you're not limited to the numbers on the side, but with a certain amount you'll receive cool shit! Another thing about Kickstarter is that it really is all or nothing! That means if we don't hit $5,500, we don't get a penny and you don't get charged. That means we're truly depending solely on the generosity of our friends, family, co-workers, fans and hopefully some new followers.
ARTIST BEHIND OUR POSTERS AND POST CARDS!
Christina Zimmer Robinson is a talented painter from Louisville, KY. When you donate to receive a post card/poster, it will be a copy of the original beautiful oil painting they will be making for our film. Check their work out!
Example of Christina's Prowess on the Canvass.
Visit Christina Zimmer Robinson's Site
_________________________________________________________
MAKING OF AVALANCHE
Thanks to the grants we've been Awarded from both Kodak Canada and Vision Globale Montreal through the amazing ReelWorld Film Festival, we will be shooting Avalanche in luscious Super 16mm film. This is a medium which is quickly losing popularity in favour of easily accessible digital cameras and cheaper production costs. However, it is a medium which is we feel is important to keeping the integrity our narrative requires. Many recent films have used this format including the award winning Fruitvale Station, Moonrise Kingdom, and Beasts of Southern Wild. We will also be taking our lead Nathan and other young archers to model them into the cunning soldiers you will see on screen. This is being provided by Ron Jackson and the incredible team at The Ontario Centre for Classical Sport. The funds donated to this film will ALL go towards what you see on screen and consist of: Lighting & Grip Equipment
Training and dressing our Archers
Locations (School yard & House)
Feeding our amazing cast and technicians
Original Score and Sound Mixing There are amazing rewards to be had and a great team ready to bleed all their talents out for this story! Help us out! This project is very personal for me and going to challenge me in every way. For those of you that have seen my past work, this will be a much darker piece and a more visual thrill. _________________________________________________________ The Team:
THYRONE TOMMY - WRITER/DIRECTOR Having lived in every province west of the “Atlantic provinces”, Thyrone Tommy certainly brings a dynamic eye to Canadian film. Only a year into their career, they have directed 2 short films, Seed of a Deadbeat, for the POV Film Program, and Liar, Cheater, Whore, for the well renowned Straight 8 Competition. The latter was selected to screen at the Soho Shorts Festival in London, England. Their love of archery and the contents of their youth come together to create the story behind their third short “Avalanche.”
IMDB Twitter: @ThyroneTommy
JEFF MELANSON - CINEMATOGRAPHER Jeff Melanson believes in the power of film to change people.  They are passionate about telling new stories through such a collaborative medium, while maintaining a sense of integrity to the art form. For this reason, Jeff is an adament supporter of keeping film photography active in the midst of a digital-minded generation. Jeff Melanson has been working as a cinematographer and steadicam operator since 2006.
IMDB Twitter: @jmelanson
SURITA PARMAR - PRODUCER
Surita Parmar is a recent graduate of the Canadian Film Centre. Them film credits include the short horror film Rattan and the Bravo!FACT television short Minus Lara. They have also written and directed several short films, and was awarded a special jury prize at the 2012 Worldfest Houston International Film Festival. They were additionally chosen to take part in Bell Media's Diverse Screenwriter's Program for television writing, and the ReelWorld Film Festival's Emerging 20 Filmmaker Lab. Twitter: @purrrito | IMDB KARIS MALSZECKI - PRODUCTION DESIGNER
Karis Malszecki is an artisan working out of Toronto - their focus is mainly in props, set design, and handcrafts.  They are also interested in writing and events.
Twitter: @Karis_Mm | IMDB
AMANDA SHAW - COSTUME DESIGNER
Amanda Shaw is a freelance costume designer/stylist living and working in Toronto. Twitter: @AmandaLeeShaw88 | IMDB _________________________________________________________
THANK YOU! Without your support we will not be able to make this film. Thyrone Tommy
Follow us on Facebook: Avalanche Film
Artwork by Miki De Goodboom
Paying tradesmen cash in hand to avoid tax is "morally wrong", a Treasury minister has said. Just how ethically dubious is the practice, if at all?
Here's how it goes. The kitchen needs replacing, or the boiler has expired. But money is tight, so you strike a deal with the contractors who pop round to give you a quote.
You settle up with a wad of banknotes and get a discount. They slip the cash into their back pockets, out of sight of the taxman.
Treasury Minister David Gauke has declared that the practice is "morally wrong".
They told the Daily Telegraph that off-the-books arrangements like this meant a shortfall for the Treasury and higher tax bills for other Britons. The black economy is thought to cost the exchequer some £2bn a year.
Image caption It might be illegal - but is it as bad as trillion-pound avoidance by the super-rich?
In an era of fiscal austerity, with greater attention than ever on the tax arrangements of celebrities like Jimmy Carr it is hardly surprising that the debate has widened.
This, however, raises two immediate dilemmas. Firstly, is tax evasion always equally wrong regardless of the scale involved?
And secondly, does the customer who doesn't ask questions about why they or they are getting a cash discount share moral culpability with the trader who cheats the tax system?
In effect, it's a matter of philosophical contention whether all evasion and avoidance is always bad, or if handing over cash and not asking too many questions is the consumer equivalent of parking on a double-yellow line.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Gauke said cash payments were "facilitating" the hidden economy
A utilitarian might weigh up the evasion according to scale and how it affects the greater good. Others, however, might look to the German philosopher Immanuel Kant's "categorical imperative", which implies that any rule or code must be universally applied if it is to have any moral value.
For Julian Baggini, author of several books on philosophy, breaking the law by knowingly evading tax is always immoral. But this is not to say, they believe, that it is always equally so.
"It's wrong because as a citizen in a democratic society you agree to abide by the same laws," they say. "If you don't like them then you work to change them through the democratic process.
It is morally wrong not to pay tax one is obliged to pay. It is another thing to constrain freedom of transaction Prof Julian Savulescu, University of Oxford
"But there are degrees of wrongness and compared to the global scale of tax avoidance this is minor. It's important when you raise something as being wrong to maintain that sense of perspective."
Certainly, on blogs, message boards and social networking sites, some questioned why the minister was focusing on the topic at a time when millions of Britons were struggling to make ends meet - and in the week when a report by the Tax Justice Network suggested the global elite hid at least £13tn ($21tn) in tax havens by the end of 2010.
Some will protest that it is not for a householder, say, to demand to scrutinise their cleaner's annual tax returns.
Julian Savulescu, Uehiro Professor of Practical Ethics at the University of Oxford, says that ultimately, the moral obligation for settling a VAT bill lies with the trader and not the consumer so long as the task is the former's legal responsibility.
"It is morally wrong not to pay tax one is obliged to pay - it is another thing to constrain freedom of transaction," they say.
Image caption Is it up to the tradesperson alone to take responsibility for their tax bill?
"People should be free to ask to pay in cash, or bank transfer or by any method. Those personally concerned to prevent tax evasion could ask to pay in non-cash methods - and those methods should be accepted."
For Baggini, however, that argument is not good enough. Not asking questions, they believe, is as much of a conscious act of omission as failing to settle up with HMRC.
"There is such a thing as culpable ignorance," they counter. "If you choose not to know you are blameworthy of that ignorance."
The minister said there was nothing wrong with paying in cash, but doing so with the purpose of avoiding tax was wrong.
Inevitably, attention quickly turned to the question of whether the minister had always applied their own categorical imperative. They insisted that they had "never said to a tradesman, 'If I pay you cash, can I get a discount?'"
The sentiment was not universal, however. Asked subsequently if they ever had paid in cash to keep costs down, London Mayor Boris Johnson said: "I've certainly paid a lot of cash in hand."
The debate will continue unabated. So too, no doubt, will the practice of settling up with the kitchen fitter or plumber in £20 notes.
And now for the moment you've all been waiting for.
You've made your nominations and voted in three rounds for your favorite television shows, performers, and more.
Here are the winners of The 2017 Tell-Tale TV Awards — Drama and Sci-fi / Fantasy categories! You can also check out the final results from the poll here.
Favorite New Drama Series: A Series of Unfortunate Events
The first-year student season of A Series Of Unfortunate Events had a stellar cast, led by Neil Patrick Harris, as the sometimes hilarious, sometimes frightening Count Olaf, and Louis Hynes and Malina Weissman, who were perfect as Klaus and Violet Baudelaire.
The writers captured the books' tone of dark humor in the face of terrible tragedy, while expanding on some of the underlying mysteries in Lemony Snicket's world. We can't thank Netflix enough for taking a beloved book series and finally giving it the incredible page-to-screen adaptation it deserves.
Runner-up: 13 Reasons Why
13 Reasons Why takes teen dramas to a whole new level. The controversial Netflix series examines the effects the suicide of Hannah Baker has on their classmates — particularly the kids they hold responsible for their death.
Outstanding Drama Series: Bates Motel
Re-imagining one of Hitchcock's most iconic films is no easy feat. Bates Motel, which serves as a prequel of sorts, veered into the source material in its fifth and final season.
It was fresh and nostalgic at the same time, and included a cast of enormously talented actors. As dysfunctional as the Bates family was, we couldn't help but want to be a part of it
Runner-up: Grey's Anatomy
Even in its thirteenth season, Grey's Anatomy knows how to deliver incredible drama. From the moments that make you ugly cry to the ones that make you hold your breath, the Shondaland favorite knows how to keep you on your toes, all while dealing with relevant issues and continuing to develop its characters in interesting ways.
Favorite New Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: Iron Fist
The most recent of the Marvel series on Netflix, Iron Fist, gave us plenty of surprises and another great excuse to binge. The series follows a martial arts expert who has the ability to call upon the power of the Iron Fist. It stars Finn Jones, Jessica Henwick, Tom Pelphrey, Jessica Stroup, Ramón Rodríguez, Sacha Dhawan, Rosario Dawson and David Wenham.
Runner-up: Timeless
Timeless is a time travel show about the trio Lucy, Wyatt, and Rufus and their fight to keep history safe. It has capable, engaging, smart women who are center stage of their own stories. No one is a side kick, and the trio is supportive of each other. It makes you wish for more TV like this in the future!
Oustanding Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: The 100
In its fourth Season, The 100 applies a second apocalypse to its already post apocalyptic world, and somehow it works!
This fast paced action-drama delivers heart racing episodes week after week as its characters face increasingly impossible circumstances. The 100 shows us that there are still stories of love, loss, and life to be told at the end of the world.
Runner-Up: Outlander
There is no other series quite like Outlander on Starz. Based on the Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon, the time travel series continues to captivate its audience in incredible ways as we follow the journeys of Jamie and Claire.
Additional Categories
Lead Actress in a Drama Series: Vera Farmiga (Bates Motel)
Runner-up: Ellen Pompeo (Grey's Anatomy)
Lead Actor in a Drama Series: Neil Patrick Harris (A Series of Unfortunate Events)
Runner-up: Freddie Highmore (Bates Motel)
Supporting Actress in a Drama Series: Caterina Scorsone (Grey's Anatomy)
Runner-up: Camila Mendes (Riverdale)
Supporting Actor in a Drama Series: Nestor Carbonell (Bates Motel)
Runner-up: Kevin McKidd (Grey's Anatomy)
Lead Actress in a Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: Eliza Taylor (The 100)
Runner-up: Madison Davenport (From Dusk Till Dawn)
Lead Actor in a Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: Bob Morley (The 100)
Runner-up: Finn Jones (Iron Fist)
Supporting Actress in a Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: Lindsey Morgan (The 100)
Runner-up: Jessica Henwick (Iron Fist)
Supporting Actor in a Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: Henry Ian Cusick (The 100)
Runner-up: Duncan LaCroix (Outlander)
Favorite Couple / ‘SHIP in a Drama Series: Alex and Norma (Bates Motel)
Runner-up: Owen and Amelia (Grey's Anatomy)
Favorite Couple / ‘SHIP in a Sc-fi / Fantasy Series: Bellamy and Clarke (The 100)
Runner-up: Robin Hood and Regina (Once Upon a Time)
Favorite Friendship in a Drama Series: Meredith, Amelia, and Maggie (Grey's Anatomy)
Runner-up: Meredith and Alex (Grey's Anatomy)
Favorite Friendship in a Sci-fi / Fantasy Series: Jamie and Murtagh (Outlander)
Runner-up: Monty and Jasper (The 100)
Congratulations to all of our winners!
Check out the winners for the Comedy, Musical, and Reality Categories here.
Follow us on Twitter @telltaleTV_
Want more from Tell-Tale TV? Subscribe to our newsletter here!
You might also like:
Last week Grist had a great article about “safety in numbers” for cyclists. Research within the US and around the world has shown that as bicycling rates go up, the total number of crashes stays flat, resulting in a significant decrease in bicycle crashes per trip. While this might initially sound counterintuitive, the premise is pretty simple. The more cyclists a city has, the more drivers expect cyclists, and drive accordingly. Similarly, as bicycling rates increase, drivers are more likely to be cyclists themselves, causing further behavioral changes that improve the safety of bicycles.
The phenomenon, dubbed “safety in numbers,” was first identified in 2003, in an academic paper by public health researcher Peter Jacobsen [PDF]. After being asked by officials in Pasadena, Calif., if their city “was a dangerous place to bicycle,” Jacobsen began looking at crash data from various communities where bicycle ridership had fluctuated over time. What they found surprised him: The number of crashes involving bikes correlated with the number of riders in a community. As ridership fluctuated, so did the crash rate. More riders, fewer crashes; fewer riders, more crashes. This happened too abruptly, Jacobsen decided, to be caused by slow-moving factors like infrastructure development and cultural change. Bicycling becomes safer when the number of riders increases, they concluded, at least in part because the number of riders increases. The inverse happens, as well. One data set Jacobsen looked at covered 49 years of biking history in the United Kingdom. Those numbers showed that cycling became safer during the oil crisis of the 1970s, caused by the OPEC oil embargo. Once the crisis ended, both ridership and safety dropped.
More after the jump.
For me this brings up two points about bicyclist safety from a public health perspective that almost always get glossed over. First, helmets are a distraction when it comes to the overall safety of bicycling in a city. Helmets are solely about harm reduction. They do not prevent collisions from occurring, they simply reduce the severity of injury caused by blunt force impact to the head. Put another way, even if 100% of cyclist wore helmets it would do nothing to reduce the incidence of crashes.
Second, the primary purpose of bike facilities, in my view, is about getting people that are “interested but concerned” out biking. This segment of the population has the largest immediate growth potential and are what makes the difference between the left and right in the graphic above. Bike facilities entice these types of people to bicycle, creating a virtuous cycle of improved safety, real and perceived, because of “safety in numbers”. This leads to more people biking, and so on and so forth.
This is what you find in every Western country with high bicyclist safety. Lots and lots of people riding, without a helmet in sight, on high quality segregated bike facilities.
Hey, you. Yeah you, the gamer who constantly complains that there's nothing new or interesting to check out. First of all, you're wrong, and second of all, here's why: TellTale's adventure games. These folks constantly come up with new and interesting stories to tell (albeit in other people's universes) and wrap them up in a slick, mobile-friendly package with talented writing, great voice acting, and an episodic structure. Why haven't you checked them out yet?
It might be because all those adventure game episodes cost $5 a pop on Android. And I suppose that's fair - since each one will last you about 90 minutes (assuming you only play through it once), it's expensive by mobile standards. But today you have no excuse not to check out Tales from the Borderlands, the adventure game series set in 2K's over-the-top sci-fi shooter universe. The first episode, Zer0 Sum, is now free. That means you can download it and jump into the story of company man Rhys and tawdry trickster Fiona for nada, gratis, and nothing.
The story and characters in Tales from the Borderlands manages to beat out anything that 2K and Gearbox have come up with over three massive shooter games (which admittedly aren't all that great in terms of story anyway), so you owe it to yourself to try it. The game is compatible with external controllers, though you don't really need one for the point-and-click gameplay, and Android TV. If you enjoy the story, subsequent episodes are $5 a piece, or $15 for all four after the first one.
Seriously, go play it.
A 22-year-old man is in trouble after their car plunged into St. John's Harbour behind Atlantic Place Monday afternoon.
The man was driving while suspended and owed $10,000 in fines, according to the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary.
After a short stay in hospital, they were arrested and taken to St. John's city lock-up for overnight, until an appearance before a judge on Tuesday morning.
The car was travelling east on the harbour apron when it struck a piece of the red wooden barrier and slipped into the harbour.
Jason Gosse was walking by when the accident happened. They didn't see the car driving around, but they heard the crash and immediately called 911.
"I saw a car partially submerged. The guy tried to get out through one side, they couldn't get out through the drivers side, so they went over to the passenger side and they were able to get out," Gosse said.
"Just after they got out they were clinging to the car for a couple of seconds, but the car went down and pulled them under. Then they came back up and swam over to the wharf."
The car traveled about 9 metres before it hit the water.
A boom truck recovered the vehicle Monday afternoon.
They say our dreams are never cheap, yet one of the most inexpensive fantasies involves imagining ourselves lying in our bare skin, exulting in the luxury of a wild beach or a remote cove. The nudist beaches that dot Spain's 8,000-km coastline have an innate ability to appeal to our physical senses as well as our inner dreams. The time has come to go out looking for them, as the waters of the Mediterranean will be warm enough for swimming by mid-June.
1. A sandy spit
The beach of El Puntal, in the bay of Santander.
El Puntal (Ribamontán al Mar, Cantabria)
Nobody is immune to the charms of this beach, which is located smack in the middle of Santander, but is only accessible from the city by boat, or after a 40-minute trek from Somo. The pier is just across the construction site for the new Botín Center. Once there, the beach bar El Puntal is living testimony of how this sandy spit has grown in popularity: 45 years ago it occupied the end of the beach, and now only 300 meters separate it from Punta Rabiosa. Beachgoers still fill thechiringuito at lunchtime because of its popular rabas (squid strips) and albóndigas de bonito (albacore fish shaped into balls). The Robinson Crusoes of this beach take up an area located 150 meters from the beach bar, near the white dunes, while the side facing the bay is reserved for kids, and everyone else gets the spot with views of Magdalena peninsula.
2. Generous dunes
The beach of Els Muntanyans, in Torredembarra (Tarragona, Cataluña).
Els Muntanyans (Torredembarra, Tarragona)
This superb chain of dunes stretching for nearly two kilometers has an area of 200 meters reserved for the Adam and Eve types, who can lie here with the sound of the crashing waves in the background. This may well be the most relaxing spot in the entire Costa Dorada. To get there, park the car near the Cal Bofill Environmental Activity Center and take the boardwalk located behind the magnificent dunes —The Mountains, as they call them around here — until you reach the nudist area, which entails around a 10-minute walk. The water puddles that form at the back, and which will dry up in August, attract birds who have learned to live with the sound of the nearby passing trains. For a taste of the local cuisine, try El Vaixell restaurant.
3. Decompressing in the sea
Playa de los Alemanes (Foz, Lugo)
Translated as Beach of the Germans, this is just one of many strips of sand named after the European pioneers of bathing in the nude. This particular strand evokes the Germans who used to work at the nearby kaolin mine, which is still in operation. It is the most dazzling of the nudist beaches in all of Lugo province, and is also referred to as Area Brava. Bathers form a large family within the 135 meters of fine sand backed by a shield of cliffs where pine and eucalyptus trees are reflected in the water. Los Alemanes, which lives up to ISO 14001 and EMS environmental standards, is better enjoyed when the tide is going down. To get there, drive by Cangas de Foz, take the exit to Burela and park in Areoura. The path leading down to the beach is tucked in between a cluster of homes at various stages of construction. For lunch or dinner, most everyone likes to head back to the car and drive three kilometers to the restaurant Lugar do Sixto.
4. Tasty coquinas from Doñana
Chiringuito Bananas (Matalascañas, Almonte, Huelva)
Sitting atop a tall fossilized dune with no other buildings in sight, the Bananas beach bar flies its rainbow flag to announce the friendly and alternative lifestyle that rules along a 25-km stretch of untouched coastline between Matalascañas and Mazagón. Chiringuito Bananas is Andalusia's gay beach bar “par excellence,” and a living tribute to the original owner and soul of this place, Salvador Jordán, who has since passed away. The nudist area is located around 150 meters from here. The bar serves coquinas (small wedge clams), grilledchoco (small cuttlefish) and for dessert, shots of rum, whipped cream and cinnamon. Patrons can sit back and enjoy the sunset to the sound of chill-out and bossa nova.
5. This place really rocks
A couple sunbathing in the nude. /BARNABY HALL
Roque Planes (Calonge, Girona)
On the Costa Brava, seekers of nudist havens must take the side roads. In Sant Antoni de Calonge, leave the car at the free parking lot near Martina tower, then walk south for 15 minutes to see for yourself that it is still possible to find a virgin stretch of coastline dotted with nothing but pine trees. There isn't a lot of sand to go around, but there are lots of flat rocks and other spots to lay down a towel and enjoy views of the bay of Palamós. Erosion has created the Roca Foradada (Hole-drilled Rock) and the Espalda de Ballena (Whale's Back). Until mid-July, the local restaurant Guillermo offers something called Menú de la Gamba, a prix-fixemenu that comes with anchovy on toast, a plate of local shrimp,fideuá (a type of paella made with pasta), drink and dessert for €36.
6. Under the giant Faneque
Guayedra (Agaete, Gran Canaria)
Now here is one of those pieces of Canary Island heaven that have yet to be truly discovered. A dirt path veers off the GC-200 road linking Agaete and La Aldea, shortly after Kilometer 5. This 900-meter stretch takes you down a ravine that was once a major settlement for the aborigine people of the island. We are inside the Natural Park of Tamadaba, where the contrast between the green hue of the palm trees and the harshness of the rocks creates a unique charm. From here, it is necessary to continue on foot a further 15 minutes before reaching the most enchanting nudist beach in all northern Gran Canaria, a place of pebbles and volcanic sand under the imposing presence of the Faneque, with its 1,000 meters of free-fall. Swimming here is dangerous.
7. ‘Flysch' world
Siete Playas (Mutriku, Gipuzkoa)
The well-defined beach of Saturrarán is an excellent place for a stroll over to the crags of Atxeku and the country house of the Count of Motrico. A footpath bypasses the estate on its sea-facing side and leads down a flight of stairs to the wild area of Siete Playas, known for its black flysch sedimentary formations. Old Neptune is always a menacing presence around here, so experts recommend coming on days when the sea is calm, and two hours before low tide if possible. After that, consider another stroll down the newly refurbished seaside promenade to Ondarroa, to sample the creative tapas at Bar Cantábrico. Those looking for offbeat accommodation should check out the watchtower-house Haitzalde.
8. From seashells to amulets
Ponzos (Ferrol, A Coruña)
In El Ferrol, large but dangerous beaches are the predominant physical forms along the seafront. A concrete ramp leads down to this wild setting, where spots for sunset-watching are at a premium. There is nothing in Ponzos quite like walking along the water at low tide and gazing down at the ojos vidales, seashells used to make amulets. There used to be a gold mine here, and a cylinder-shaped tower that is still standing marks the beginning of the nudist sector. Swimming here is dangerous, and experts recommend doing nothing more than “poking the wave,” or touching it and quickly jumping out again. The nearby campsite, Cámping As Cabazas (www.ascabazascamping.com), has a school offering courses in surfing, skating and longskate (punkodeslizamiento.blogspot.com.es)
9. Happy feet
The hotel area at Son Bou beach, in Menorca. / GONZALO AZUMENDI (AGE FOTOSTOCK)
Son Bou (Alaior, Menorca)
The longest beach in Menorca is slightly over two kilometers long, and boasts fine sand that feels very satisfying under your feet. To reach the nudist area, leave the car back at the hotel and walk around 300 meters. This area is also accessible from Santo Tomás. The dune's vegetation slopes down in a great display of beauty, as it blends in with the bright green of the prat, the second most important wetland on the island and a watering hole for numerous bird species. Bathers should heed the flags alerting to the swimming conditions.
10. A miracle in the Levante
The beach of L'Ahuir, in Gandia. / NATXO FRANCES
L'Ahuir (Gandía, Valencia)
Now here is a true prodigy, a piece of surviving nature — dunes included — in southern Gandía, where untrammeled development is not exactly what one would associate with conservationist values. Yet the success of this two-kilometer strip of untouched coast has led to a conservation effort that includes long wooden boardwalks to protect the dunes. There is a nudist sector and another one for pets, with complimentary doggy bags.
11. A closed cove, reopened
The beach of Las Gaviotas, in Tenerife.
Las Gaviotas (Santa Cruz de Tenerife)
This is the nudist sister to the beach of Las Teresitas. Situated three kilometers from the neighborhood of San Andrés, Las Gaviotas was closed to the public in order to enlarge and repave the sinuous access road and to preserve it from collapse. It is a mixed-use beach where nudists and non-nudists share space with bodyboard fanatics. The strip of sand is narrow and bathers will find themselves losing their footing very soon after walking into the sea, which is normal for a cove at the foot of a cliff. Two recommendations: get there early to find a parking spot and bring water with you.
12. The tourist vortex
Bascuas (Sanxenxo, Pontevedra)
This is a terrific half-moon beach set against virescent cliffs, where nudist bathers represent 100 percent of attendance. But the tourist hordes that descend on Sanxenxo during the summer make it a good idea to come before school is out. The entire beach is protected from the cold northern winds that can blow even in the summer, while the islands of Ons provide a natural screen against the southern storms. An added bonus: the ground slopes gently down as one walks into the sea. The restaurant Cany Playa has been offering its specialties, calamari sandwiches and fish, for the last four decades.
13. Safe from the easterly winds
The beach of Roche, in Conil de la Frontera (Cádiz). / SCHMIDT REINHARD
Faro de Roche (Conil de la Frontera, Cádiz)
There are up to nine coves along the coast of Roche, safe from the gusty easterly winds that blow here. Thirty-meter cliffs rise above the sea while the waves eat away at its base and the sunset showcases their impressive earthy tones. Around 150 meters from the watchtower-turned-lighthouse, there is a lookout point over the cove of Faro, which is hard to reach (no footpath is provided) and thus ideal for nudist sunbathing. Go only when the tide is low.
14. Stairway to heaven
Las Escaleras beach (La Oliva, Fuerteventura)
We are now on the east coast of Fuerteventura, a mostly unknown place. Four kilometers south of El Cotillo, we come to a short slope at the end of a dirt road and, soon after that, a right turn that leads straight to the cliffs. Only 132 steps separate us from a real gem: the beach of Las Escaleras (literally, the stairs) also known as playa del águila (Eagle beach). Its openness to the Atlantic makes it an ideal spot for surfers. Come at low tide.
A nudist beachgoer. / CAROLINE VON TUEMPLING
15. Highly protected environment
Barronal (Níjar, Almería)
Although the entire Cabo de Gata natural park is comfortable with nudism during off-season, there is one particular beach that is radically off-limits to textiles: Barronal, which extends over several coves. The parking area is the next one down from Los Genoveses (around three kilometers away). From there, it is a 700-meter walk down a rural path dotted with agave, rosemary and esparto grass. The beach has 800 meters of grey sand produced by the erosion of basalt. Remember to bring lots of water with you.
16. An indiscreet glance
La Vinyeta (Calella, Barcelona)
Where the Montnegre massif slopes down into the sea, we find one of the biggest attractions on the entire coast of Barcelona. Leave the car in the esplanade under the lighthouse and take the underground passage. La Vinyeta features thick yellowish sand where people use bathing suits until a spot 100 meters from the Rocapins beach bar (which serves paella for lunch and has a rock-climbing wall to boot). After that, the proverbial laid-back spirit of the nudist sector takes over. But there is a surprise in store: passengers on the commuter trains headed for Calella have a one-second window of opportunity to cast an indiscreet glance on La Vinyeta.
17. Far from everything
The beach of Es Caragol, in Mallorca. /TOLO RAMÓN
Es Caragol (Santanyí, Mallorca)
There are few beaches with such a power of attraction for Mallorca's nudist crowd as the remote Es Caragol. Getting there entails walking for 15 minutes from the lighthouse of Ses Salines. The sand has been colonized by lilies and marine thistles, and the waters are clean and see-through, forming a soft curve that ends with the rocky outcrop of Punta Negra.
18. Even in Benidorm
Almadraba and Tío Ximo (Benidorm, Alicante)
They say that Benidorm has no official nudist beaches, yet nudism is practiced inside the Natural Park of Serra Gelada, in hidden coves that are easily accessible. The name of La Almadraba harks back to a time when the locals caught fish here the traditional way, but this pebbly cove is very exposed to prying eyes. Better try the cove of Tío Ximo, where bathing suits are on display in its tiny bathing area but nude bodies abound on the sides.
19. Off on an adventure
Salvados cove (Alajeró, La Gomera)
Getting to this hard-to-reach cove makes for quite an adventure: the final step requires taking a leap down, since the rope that someone once left there is long gone. Leave the car at Medio beach, which accomodates both nudists and non-nudists, and walk over to Chinguarime, whose caves are inhabited by folks who have opted for an alternative lifestyle. Behind the next crag, there is a spot where the waves are small and fishermen once took refuge from the storms. The sand comes and goes depending on the weather. Anyone who doesn't feel comfortable with the descent should take their clothes off in Chinguarime.
20. Thanks, Cuchillón
Ballota beach, in Llanes (Asturias). /QUINTANILLA
Ballota (Llanes, Asturias)
Ballota, together with Andrín, is one of the best-known and most photographed beaches on the entire Asturian coast, thanks to the lookout point of La Boriza. Yet its nudist corner is little known, and separated from the rest by El Cuchillón, a jutting rock that acts like a natural and gigantic folding screen. The beauty of Ballota is closely linked to its islet and cliffs. Remember to come when the tide is low to avoid having to put your towel down on the pebbles.
Source: http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/05/29/inenglish/1432915988_524409.html
Comments
comments
In this post, I'll step through using a simple Machine Learning algorithm called k-nearest neighbours (KNN) to perform handwritten digit recognition. This is another of the Hello Worlds of ML – it's how I got introduced to it (via Mathias Brandewinder's Digit Recogniser Dojo), and also one I've run as a dojo a few times myself. It's based on the Kaggle learning competition of the same name.
KNN is a lazy classification algorithm, which is used to determine what an unknown example of something is based on it's similarity to known examples. Specifically, it finds the k most similar (nearest) examples, and classifies it according to what they are.
Here's a visualisation, in which we're trying to work out what the unknown green thing is (blue square or red triangle?)
Based on the three the nearest examples, we would classify the unknown item as a red triangle.
(Interestingly, if we'd chosen a k of 5, we would say it's a blue square – we'll discuss how to approach that later).
Th dataset we'll be running this on is (a subset of) the MNIST handwritten digits, which consists of several thousand 28×28 pixel greyscale images that look a bit like this:
So how do you determine the ‘distance' between two such images? A common way is to use Euclidean distance, which when applied in this situation involves comparing each pixel and summing the differences between them – or, to be more precise, summing the squares of the distances.
(The actual equation, which you can see above, uses the square root of the sum of the squares – but the square root part doesn't make any difference in this case). So if two images were identical, the distance would be 0. If two of the pixels were different, by 20 and 50 respectively, the distance would be 20^2 + 50^2 = 400 + 2500 = 2900 (still very similar).
OK, lesson over, let's get implementing! I'll be doing this in F#, but it's pretty similar in C# if you use a lot of LINQ.
I've put the source code on github. (You can find a basic version of it in C#, as well as several other languages, in my Digit Recogniser Dojo repository). I'm using arrays for most of this, which although aren't the most natural thing to use from F#, give better performance – which can make a fair difference when working with big datasets.
I'm going to be using 5000 digits, which is enough to get pretty good results without taking too long. They come formatted as a CSV, with each record having a label (e.g. which digit it represents) followed by each of the 784 pixels (28×28) represented by a number from 0-255:
First of all, let's read the records, and get rid of the header:
let dataLines = File.ReadAllLines(__SOURCE_DIRECTORY__ + """\trainingsample.csv""").[1..]
We can check our progress using F# Interactive, and see that we now have an array of strings containing a record each:
val dataLines : string [] = [|"1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"+[1669 chars]; "0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"+[1925 chars];
We can then split the lines up and parse the numbers:
let dataNumbers = dataLines |> Array.map (fun line -> line.Split(',')) |> Array.map (Array.map (int))
Now we have an array of arrays of integers:
val dataNumbers : int [] [] = [|[|1; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; ...|]; [|0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0;
Working with arrays of arrays doesn't make things too clear, so let's create a type to store the records in:
type DigitRecord = { Label:int; Pixels:int[] } let dataRecords = dataNumbers |> Array.map (fun record -> {Label = record.[0]; Pixels = record.[1..]})
So now we have an array of DigitRecords:
val dataRecords : DigitRecord [] = [|{Label = 1; Pixels = [|0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; 0; ...|];};
Thinking ahead a bit, we're going to need some way of testing our algorithm to see how good it is (ans also, as described shortly, to work out what value to use for ‘k'). The typical approach for this is to split the known dataset into three – one to train the algorithm, one to choose what options to use, and another to test the accuracy of the final system:
let trainingSet = dataRecords.[..3999] let crossValidationSet = dataRecords.[4000..4499] let testSet = dataRecords.[4500..]
We're nearly at the fun part, so we'll soon need a way of measuring the distance between two digits, as described earlier. F#'s map2 function comes in very handy for this, applying a function two two same-sized arrays at the same time:
let distanceTo (unknownDigit:int[]) (knownDigit:DigitRecord) = Array.map2 ( fun unknown known -> let difference = unknown-known int64 (difference * difference) ) unknownDigit knownDigit.Pixels |> Array.sum
For the unknown parameter we'll take the raw pixels, as if we ever come to use this on real data we won't have a label for it (so it won't be in a DigitRecord).
Let's give it a test run:
> {Label=1;Pixels=[|120;150|]} |> distanceTo [|100;100|];; val it : int64 = 2900L
Looks about right!
Now we get to the real meat of it, classifying an unknown digit based on the k the nearest known examples. In this function, we compare the digit against they whole training set, take the k closest, and count which label occurs the most times:
let classifyByNearest k (unknownDigit:int[]) = trainingSet |> Array.sortBy (distanceTo unknownDigit) |> Seq.take k |> Seq.countBy (fun digit -> digit.Label ) |> Seq.maxBy (fun (label,count) -> count) |> fun (label,count) -> label
F# is particularly good at this kind of code, although you can do something not too much more complicated in C# with a good helping of LINQ (which is basically a functional library).
And with that, we have everything we need to start making predictions! Let's give it a blast. We need to choose a value for ‘k' – let's just use 1 for now:
testSet.[..4] |> Array.iter (fun digit -> printfn "Actual: %d, Predicted: %d" digit.Label (digit.Pixels |> classifyByNearest 1))
Actual: 5, Predicted: 6 Actual: 3, Predicted: 3 Actual: 9, Predicted: 9 Actual: 8, Predicted: 8 Actual: 7, Predicted: 7
Four out of five, not too shabby! Let's write a function to find out what the accuracy is for the whole validation set. We're taking the dataset to calculate the accuracy on as a parameter because we'll use it in two different ways, which you'll see shortly.
let calculateAccuracyWithNearest k dataSet = dataSet |> Array.averageBy (fun digit -> if digit.Pixels |> classifyByNearest k = digit.Label then 1.0 else 0.0)
So, let's give it a try! We still haven't yet worked out what value to use for k, so let's stick with 1 for now.
> testSet |> calculateAccuracyWithNearest 1;; val it : float = 0.93
93%, not bad for 30-odd lines of code!
But what about k, how do we decide what value to use? This is where the cross-validation set comes in. The idea is that you use the cross-validation set to test the various options you have (in this case, different values of k) and find the best one(s). You can then use the test set to get a final figure for the accuracy of your algorithm. The reason we have separate validation and test sets, instead of just using the same test set for both, is to help get a final figure which is more representative of what our algorithm will get when used on real data.
If we just took the accuracy as measured by the validation set when finding the best options, we'd have an artificially high figure, as we've specifically chosen the options to maximise that number. The chances are, when we run it on real data, the accuracy will be lowed.
To begin with, we can try a few values for k and plot the result (with FSharp.Charting), to see if we're in the right ballpark:
let predictionAccuracy = [1;3;9;27] |> List.map (fun k -> (k, crossValidationSet |> calculateAccuracyWithNearest k)) Chart.Line(predictionAccuracy)
val predictionAccuracy : (int * float) list = [(1, 0.93); (3, 0.936); (9, 0.94); (27, 0.91)]
As you can hopefully see, the accuracy seems to peak somewhere around 10 then starts to drop off. So let's try all of the values in this range to find the best one (this make take a while – time to get a coffee!):
let bestK = [1..20] |> List.maxBy (fun k -> crossValidationSet |> calculateAccuracyWithNearest k)
Turns out the best value for k, at least according to the validation set, is 6. On the validation set, that gets us a heady 94% accuracy:
> crossValidationSet |> calculateAccuracyWithNearest bestK;; val it : float = 0.94
As previously described, that's likely to be a little optimistic, so lets get a final measure using the test set:
> testSet |> calculateAccuracyWithNearest bestK;; val it : float = 0.926
Final result: 92.6%!
Not a bad result for a simple algorithm. In fact in this case, we actually get a better result on the test set using a k of 1. With so little in it, we might decide just use a ‘1-nearest neighbours' algorithm, which would be simpler still.
Like many Machine Learning systems, this also gets better the more data you use – I submitted code based on this to the Kaggle contest, which has a dataset of 50,000 digits, and got an accuracy of around 97%. More data would also help with the disparity between the validation and test set, and mean the options we chose using the validation set would be more likely to be optimum for that set as well.
KNN can be used in several situations – you just need some way of measuring of similarity between two things. For example, you could use Levenshtein distance to compare strings and find the best match for somebody's name, or physical distance to find the nearest post office for a given home.
An interesting alternative is the weighted nearest neighbour algorithm, which potentially measures the distance to all neighbours but weighs their influence based on their distance (e.g. close ones count for a lot when taking the vote, distant ones hardly at all).
So there we have it, digit recognition with KNN. I hope you found it interesting. May your machines learn well!
Advertisements
Drop Zone 2019 Registration Now Open for:
Vancouver and Victoria, BC
Winnipeg, MB
Toronto, ON
Halifax, NS
Do you have what it takes?
The Easter Seals Drop Zone is a knee-shaking, heart-pounding, adrenaline-pumping fundraising adventure that encourages you to get out of your comfort zone and face your fears by rappelling from the top of a towering high-rise building – all in support of Canadians living with disabilities. Register as an individual, or better yet, create a team of superheroes and take the Drop Zone challenge with your friends, family or colleagues.
Whether you're male or female, able-bodied or have a disability, the Easter Seals Drop Zone gives you a once-in-a-lifetime chance to challenge yourself and change lives! Since 2005, thousands of ordinary people all across Canada have become superheroes for a day in support of Easter Seals.
About The Drop Zone » About Easter Seals »
An Ohio mom is facing a charge of child endangerment after police say their 2-year-old crawled out of a decrepit, feces and urine-covered room and onto the roof of their sweltering home.
Daun Morrison, 23, said they were washing dishes and didn't know where their child was when police arrived.
The child was found in a second floor room with open windows, located directly over the roof, Springfield News-Sun reported.
OREGON MOM ARRESTED FOR TOWING 3 KIDS IN A RED WAGON BEHIND Them CAR, COPS SAY
Police said when they went inside the home, it reeked of feces and urine, and their boots stuck to the carpet. Officers said the mattress where Morrison and the child slept was covered in urine and feces. Morrison told police their toilet had been broken for two days, FOX 45 reported.
There was little food inside the refrigerator and cockroaches crawled out of the door, officials said. Additionally, a read on the air conditioning unit said that the home was 81 degrees inside.
US LAWSUIT: OHIO CITY LET SEWAGE INTO LAKE ERIE TRIBUTARIES
Police said the 2- year-old girl appeared lethargic and was sweating.
The child is now being cared for by their grandmother.
Morrison is now in custody at Clark County Jail and pleaded ‘not guilty' in a court appearance on Thursday.
Click for more from FOX 45.
ISIS Frees 200 Elderly Yazidis; Reportedly 'Too Expensive To Feed'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bram Janssen/AP Bram Janssen/AP
The self-declared Islamic State has released a group of some 200 elderly members of the Yazidis religious minority, allowing them to cross out of territory controlled by the extremists.
It is not clear why the militants released the men and women, many infirm, but The Associated Press quotes Gen, Shirko Fatih, the commander of the Kurdish peshmerga in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk as saying "It probably became too expensive to feed them and care for them."
As you might recall, the Yazidis have been a frequent target of the extremist group, who views the religious minority as apostates. In August, tens of thousands of Yazidis fled when ISIS militants captured the town of Sinjar near the Syrian border, but hundreds of others were captured by the extremists, and some forced into slavery, according to human rights groups.
The Guardian says: "The militants transported the captives from the northern town of Tal Afar, where they had been held for the past five months after the militants raided their towns last summer. The militants dropped them off on Saturday at the Khazer bridge, near the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil, Fatih said. They were being held on Sunday by Kurdish authorities for questioning, they said."
The AP reports that "[almost] all of the freed prisoners are in poor health and bore signs of abuse and neglect. Three were young children. The former captives were being questioned and receiving medical treatment on Sunday in the town of Alton Kupri."
In a statement quoted by Al-Jazeera, peshmerga member Sihamee Omar said most of the Yazidis were more than 50 years of age and that they were transferred in a convoy.
Khodr Domli, a leading Yazidi rights activist at a health center where the refugees were taken, tells Agence France-Presse: "Some are wounded, some have disabilities and many are suffering from mental and psychological problems."
"These men and women had been held in Mosul," they said.
I'm quite excited about top-down shooter Ruiner [official site], what with its slow motion segments, reflex-testing dodges and cyberpunk shooty bangs. And it's coming soon: 26 September, to be exact, developers Reikon Games and publisher Devolver Digital have announced.
You're an “unstoppable psychopath” in a mask, and it's your job to take down evil corporation du jour HEAVEN, whose goons have kidnapped your brother. You zip around the futuristic city of Rengkok, dashing, slicing and blasting your way through hordes of brainwashed enemies. John enjoyed the demo they played in March, so it might be worth keeping an eye on.
The release date was announced in a new trailer that shows off the game's more exotic weapons. And yep, they look fun, especially Fury, a pulse railgun that fires charged shots that turn enemies to red vapour.
As John explained in their preview, it uses Alien Breed-style WASD and mouse controls, which gives you a lot of freedom of movement.
“You zip and dart about the screen, dashing with the right mouse button, or holding it down to place a series of dashes via waypoints. Meanwhile you're slashing or shooting with the left mouse button, raising your shield with Space, and ping-ping-pinging your way about the play area as enemies rush in on you from all sides.”
John wasn't keen on the melee combat but once the guns came out, it picked up. So, if it sticks to its strengths it could be a winner. No word yet on where you'll be able to buy it or what it will cost.
If you want to see more of its action, the game's website has a whole crate of gifs.
Disclosure: RPS's Alec Meer wrote for Ruiner at one point.
The O'Farrell government has rejected a Labor push to keep coal seam gas activity out of Sydney's water catchments, despite a pre-election pledge to ban the practice.
Opposition Leader John Robertson introduced legislation to Parliament on Thursday seeking a ban on coal seam gas operations in designated "special areas" surrounding major water storages. The move would rule out about 371,000 hectares around Sydney, the Illawarra, the Blue Mountains, the southern highlands and Shoalhaven.
Labor is seeking a ban on coal seam gas operations in designated "special areas" around major water storages. Credit:Glen Hunt
Labor will also investigate banning coal seam gas activity from catchments in the Hunter, the central coast and north coast. It follows calls by the Sydney Catchment Authority, as reported by Fairfax Media on Thursday, for coal seam gas mining to be banned in the same areas proposed by Labor, because it "may significantly compromise" water supply assets.
Mr Robertson said coal seam gas licences renewed by the Coalition as recently as March still covered Sydney's water catchments.
It might be more than a year away from entering into production, but General Motors is already working hard to promote its 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV electric car.
The first electric car from GM to promise a range greater than 150 miles per charge, the Chevrolet Bolt EV was unveiled as a concept car earlier this year at the Detroit Auto Show, boasting at least 200 miles of range and a $30,000 target price tag after incentives.
Less than a month after its reveal, prompted by an overwhelming response from both fans and the motoring press, GM committed to bringing the Bolt EV to market in October 2016 as a 2017 model-year car, confirming that it would be built at the Orion production facility in Orion Township, Michigan.
With such a tight time frame to play with, GM is eager to share its progress thus far, releasing a video demonstrating how far testing has come on some fifty prototype Bolt EV electric cars since the model was first unveiled at the start of the year. It shows various prototypes undergoing everything from acceleration tests to rapid charge cycle tests, heat tests, acceleration tests, stopping tests and of course, handling manoeuvres.
All of them appear to have been carried out on GM's test Millbrook test track facility, where vehicles can be tested on specially-constructed private roads before hitting the public highway.
At the moment, these cars are being hand-built at the both the Orion, Michigan facility and a GM factory in South Korea, indicating that GM is a long way from tying down final vehicle specifications ahead of pre-production test runs next summer. But according to GM engineers talking to GreenCarReports and other automotive press at a special North America GM Press launch for the all-new 2016 Chevrolet Cruze yesterday,GM is impressed with how well the car is performing thus far.
GM's prime goal for the Bolt EV, said Pam Fletcher, Cheif Engineer for all GM's electrified vehicles, was to “[make] electric cars approachable to all, not just the elite.”
As GreenCarReport's John Voelcker notes, that's a very thinly veiled dig at Tesla Motors, which despite planning a 200-mile ‘affordable' electric car for 2017 in the form of the $35,000 Tesla Model ≡ has to date only sold high-end luxury electric cars. While a high-end, fully-optioned Tesla Model S P85D costs more than $100,000, even its entry level model, the Tesla Model S 70D, gives no change from $75,000.
At the moment, the engineering team working on the Chevrolet Bolt EV remain tight-lipped on the specifics of the plug-in vehicle, but several members told the assembled press that they believe the Chevrolet Bolt EV will be a true ‘game-changer' for the electric car world.
Sold nationwide across the U.S. and likely to appear in other markets too, the Chevrolet Bolt EV will be the first time that General Motors has mass-marketed a fully-electric car to customers across the U.S. Its previous all-electric car, the Chevrolet Spark EV, is currently only available in Oregon, California, and Maryland, although we note GM has plans to expand that later this year.
Voelcker notes too that GM isn't even discussing the battery pack specifications that will give the Chevrolet Bolt EV its claimed 200+ mile range, but notes with a smile that Fletcher admitted that “LG Chem has been a very valued and trusted supplier.”
That company previously went on the record last year to say that it had a high-capacity, next-generation, long-range electric car battery pack ready for production. Given GM's past involvement with LG Chem, we think finding that pack driving the Bolt EV is something of a given.
______________________________________
Want to keep up with the latest news in evolving transport? Don't forget to follow Transport Evolved on Twitter, like us on Facebook and G+, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
You can also support us directly as a monthly supporting member by visiting Patreon.com.
They are still months away from playing their first MLS match, but LAFC have already sold out all premium-seating inventory at their new Banc of California Stadium for the 2018 inaugural season.
Selling out all 32 suites, 49 loge boxes and 1,974 club seats at the 22,000-seat stadium on the site of the former Los Angeles Sports Arena represents a significant milestone as the club builds toward its highly anticipated debut.
“There has been a huge fascination and interest in being part of something from scratch,” LAFC owner and president Tom Penn told the Los Angeles Times. “We felt like we were coming in at the right time. There is just a surge in interest in soccer.”
Together, we're making daily progress on Banc of California Stadium.
Watch our live stadium cam:
📹 https://t.co/Qmwe2rf49b #LAFC pic.twitter.com/4vHsWZFtKi — LAFC (@LAFC) May 23, 2017
The Banc of California Stadium is currently under construction (see above). Premium spaces at the stadium include field level suites, VIP bench seats, sunset deck and city view loge boxes, and club seats at three premium clubs.
Fans still interested in an option to secure a premium membership will be put on a waiting list. LAFC are also turning their focus to the seat selection process for its more than 15,000 season ticket deposit holders.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to drastically reduce the regulatory burden on U.S. businesses, requiring federal agencies to effectively eliminate at least two regulations for each new one issued.
“We have to knock out a regulation for every two, but it goes far beyond that. This is a big one,” said Trump, in signing the order that makes good on their "one in-two out" campaign promise.
Trump has signed more than a dozen executive orders in their first 11 days in office.
The order Monday specifically states that prior regulations must be “identified for elimination” when a new rule is put forward. However, the 900-word order makes clear that the costs associated with new regulations each year cannot go up. So they would have to be offset by eliminating “costs associated with at least two prior regulations.”
For fiscal 2017, Trump told agency heads that the total cost of new regulations finalized this year "shall be no greater than zero" unless otherwise directed.
“It is essential to manage the costs associated with the governmental imposition of private expenditures required to comply with federal regulations,” the document also states.
“We will begin efforts to reduce federal regulations. We'll be reducing them big time,” Trump said in concluding a White House meeting with small business owners before signing the order.
The military, national security and foreign affairs are exempt from the order, which puts the Office of Management and Budget in charge of the changes.
Agencies must present OMB with new regulations and show what is slated for elimination. However, the order offers some flexibility: allowing agencies to determine the cuts, maintaining White House input and giving the OMB director authority to make emergency exceptions.
An administration official told Fox News that a recently issued White House memo on temporary regulation freezes remains in place and that the executive order establishes the process going forward.
Today's Deal on Fire is the Blu-ray for The Villainess (read our review) from Confession of Murder helmer Jeong Byeong-gil. This upcoming actioner is about a female killer played by Kim Ok-bin (Thirst).
Bloody revenge is at the heart of this stylish, kinetic action-thriller that gives a welcome shot of adrenaline to the classic femme fatale story. Honed from childhood into a merciless killing machine by a criminal organization, assassin Sook-hee is recruited as a sleeper agent with the promise of freedom after ten years of service – and they jump at the chance for a normal life. But soon enough, secrets from their past destroy everything she's worked for, and now nobody can stand in their way as they embark on a roaring rampage of revenge.
The Villainess also stars Shin Ha-Kyun (Big Match), Sung Joon (Pluto), Kim Seo-Hyung (The Berlin File), Jo Eun-Ji (The Target), Lee Seung-Joo (The Whistleblower), Jung Hae-Kyun (Missing You), Park Chul-Min (The Pirates) and Son Min-Ji (The Legacy).
Order The Villainess from Amazon.com today!
Republican senators led by Sen. Cory Gardner sent a letter to President Donald Trump urging them to remember that Vladimir Putin is no friend of the U.S. | Getty Trump's GOP foreign policy critics grow louder
Donald Trump's circle of GOP foreign policy critics is quickly expanding.
The president has long been able to count on Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) to rebuke their overtures to Russia. And to a lesser extent, Sens. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Rob Portman (R-Ohio) have sounded disapproving notes.
Story Continued Below
But on Thursday, seven more Republicans spoke out — the clearest evidence yet Trump struck a major nerve with members of their own party when they recently put Vladimir Putin on equal moral footing with the United States.
Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado sent a letter to Trump urging them to take a harder line on Russia, which drew signatures from Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas, Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma, Todd Young of Indiana, Mike Rounds of South Dakota, Joni Ernst of Iowa and Susan Collins of Maine, as well as Graham and Portman.
The latest missive suggests Republicans are increasingly willing to stand up to Trump on foreign policy, an arena where the president holds many views that are at odds with longstanding GOP orthodoxy.
“While we should seek common ground with Russia in the areas of mutual interest, we must never pursue cooperation with Russia at the expense of our fundamental interests of defending our allies and promoting our values,” the senators wrote. "President Putin must know that the United States remains a beacon of hope and democracy around the world, and will stand up for what is right."
The senators also urged Trump not to lift sanctions on Russia unless it ends its aggression in Ukraine and relinquishes control of Crimea.
The letter came the same day the Senate Foreign Relations Committee held a hearing on Russia in which witnesses described Putin's ambitions in dark terms, saying they were redrawing European borders, sowing divisions within NATO and the European Union and undermining democratic institutions around the world.
Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) pointed out there was wide agreement in Congress about the need to punish Russia for its aggressive behavior — but they made no mention of Trump, who has repeatedly praised Putin on Twitter and has said they want to build a better relationship with Russia.
After the hearing, Corker said they were reaching out to administration officials to urge them to take a hard line on Russia, adding, “At some point I do plan to deal with it legislatively, too.”
Other Republicans on the committee warned against attempts by the administration to ease up on Russia, with Rubio specifically blasting any consideration by Trump of a deal to provide concessions to Putin in exchange for cooperation in the war against the Islamic State.
“We're going to try to cut a deal with a guy who thinks he's winning, has no internal pressure, and wants us to give up everything in exchange for them doing what they claim to be doing anyway?” Rubio said. “Maybe I'm a little harsh, but I think that's a really stupid deal.”
Trump set off a wave of GOP criticism when they appeared to draw a moral equivalency between the United States and Russia during an interview with Fox News' Bill O'Reilly that aired on Sunday.
“He's a killer," O'Reilly said of Putin.
"There are a lot of killers,” Trump said. “You think our country's so innocent?"
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) responded on CNN's “State of the Union” that Putin was a “thug.”
“The Russians annexed Crimea, invaded Ukraine and messed around in our elections,” McConnell said. “No, I don't think there's any equivalency between the way the Russians conduct themselves and the way the United States does.”
One big question is whether McConnell will take any action — such as allowing floor votes on bipartisan bills related to sanctions imposed on the country by President Barack Obama.
Graham on Wednesday introduced bipartisan legislation to give Congress 120 days to weigh in on any attempt to roll back sanctions.
Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations panel, is pushing a measure to codify existing sanctions and impose new sanctions in response to Russia's meddling in November's presidential election.
Cardin's bill has 11 co-sponsors, including Republicans Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), McCain, Graham, Rubio, Portman and Gardner.
“I think most senators, if you ask them, have the same and similar concerns and the same beliefs when it comes to Russia,” Gardner said in an interview Thursday. “We don't lift Russia sanctions until Russian behavior changes.”
About
We are going to travel across America, without plates! That's right, 48 states, no plates. Are you someone who always wondered why things are the way they are? Are you someone who has always felt something with the status quo wasn't quite right? Do you want to be free? Free to do as you wish, with your own life, controlling your own destiny?
Well then buckle up, because your life will never be the same after you see what is possible! We are looking to raise money to pay for gas, food, lodging if needed, and the like. What we give you in return, is a new perspective of America; a full length documentary, compiled of footage we take along the way. We want to learn about the way people do things in different states. We want to show the world, that anybody can travel, and do so freely.
If you too are interested in learning, owning yourself, controlling your own life, and freedom that cannot be stripped from you, then standby... It's coming! We reserve all rights, at all time, and maintain complete sovereignty over our corporal forms.
Rum lovers across the country can soon be swilling one of Louisiana's most-loved liquors, thanks to an exclusive multi-year national distribution agreement Bayou Rum just inked with Stoli Group USA.
Based out of Lacassine, about two hours west of Baton Rouge, Bayou Rum has racked up more than 65 accolades and awards since the Louisiana Spirits distillery—now the country's largest private distillery—launched in 2013. The rum's reputation for using locally-sourced ingredients has earned fans in Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Maryland, Georgia and Washington, D.C.
Beginning in 2016, the partnership with Stoli Group USA will take Bayou Rum beyond the South to liquor shelves across the country and will even eventually allow the brand to take off internationally. Patrick Piana, president and CEO of Stoli Group USA, praised the rum in a press release Oct. 6.
“As a best-selling craft American Rum with a fantastic heritage and superior taste, Bayou Rum is the perfect addition to the Stoli Group USA portfolio,” Piana says in the release.
Louisiana Spirits co-founder and president Trey Litel hopes the partnership will help establish Bayou Rum as the market's leading American Rum.
“The Stoli team's passion for craftsmanship and authenticity, the importance of superior premium quality and the commitment to long-term brand building and business development with distributors and retailers is what brought us together in this partnership,” Litel says in the release.
Bayou Rum joins Stoli Group USA as the first spirit added to its portfolio of premium brands, alongside Stoli Vodka and Elit by Stolichnaya.
The actor played the superhero in 'Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice'
Ben Affleck has said there is currently no script for the forthcoming The Batman movie and the whole project is not a “set thing”.
The actor first played the superhero in Warner Bros' Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice film and was reported to be starring in, as well as directing and co-writing the script for, the studio's movie focusing on their character.
In an interview with The Guardian, however, Affleck casts doubt on the project, despite having said as recently as last month that they were near completing the script and would start filming in spring.
“That's the idea,” they said. “But it's not a set thing and there's no script. If it doesn't come together in a way I think is really great I'm not going to do it.”
As Movieweb points out, there were reports that Warner Bros weren't happy with The Batman script, so it's possible Affleck and co-writer Geoff Johns will have to rewrite it or bring in a new writer.
There is no official release date for The Batman as yet, but it is expected to be in cinemas at some point in 2018.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Meanwhile, Affleck recently revealed that Batman's nemesis in the film will be the DC Comics character Deathstroke. Deathstroke, an assassin with superhuman strength, speed and agility, first appeared in comic book form in 1980 but did not cross paths with Batman until a 1991 comic.
The villain is also rumoured to be making an appearance in next years' Justice League movie.
Now, Affeck has told the Associated Press: “The movie I think is going to be called The Batman' At least that's what we're going with right now. I might change it… That's about all I got right now. We're working on the script, the script is going well, I'm really excited about it.”
Meanwhile, Joe Manganiello is set to play Deathstroke in Affleck's forthcoming film.
DC Entertainment president Geoff Johns confirmed the casting recently. Manganiello is best known for their roles in True Blood, Magic Mike and Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy.
Affleck also recently said of their vision for the movie: “I think what I would do, what I probably would do, is in some ways what Zack [Snyder] did with [Batman v Superman], which is to borrow certain things from the great comic books, but create an original story around it,” they explained.
“I wouldn't want the fans to already know the story and be familiar, but I would borrow, steal great things that have been done before in the comics.”
Dunedin-based Scott Technology and Silver Fern Farms have been developing a lamb forequarter cut automation system under joint venture Robotic Technologies Limited.
A first-of-its-kind, multi-million dollar machine may soon replace human workers at meat processing plants throughout the south and New Zealand.
Dunedin-based Scott Technology and Silver Fern Farms have been developing a lamb forequarter cut automation system under joint venture Robotic Technologies Limited.
The automation system makes a 3D model of individual carcasses using high-speed laser scanning. Once a 3D scan is made, a robot can quickly cut the carcass. The whole process can repeat itself five times a minute with a single machine.
Scott Technology sales and business development manager Mark Seaton said the machine could replace between three and six human workers.
"It's definitely a game-changer," they said.
"We haven't seen anything like it anywhere in the world. We can automate the whole front end of the boning room."
Seaton said not only could the machine operate at speeds faster than a human, but it would make meat processing safer by eliminating the need for people to stand close to dangerous saws.
Yet the machine would also come with a serious cost. Seaton said the X-ray scanning apparatus alone cost about $2.5 million.
"We're looking at a multi-million dollar machine."
Trial work taking place at Silver Fern Farms' Finegand plant, Seaton said development began about 2008. Since then, they said there had been massive improvements, such as the time required to scan a carcass being reduced from about 20 seconds to less than a second.
Seaton said there were plans to commercialise the technology, and that they expected to see it used at meat processing plants throughout Southland, New Zealand and Australia.
The lamb forequarter automation system has also been nominated in the Agribusiness and Environment category for the New Zealand Innovators Awards (NZIA).
Former Meat Industry Excellence member and Lawrence farmer Mark Patterson said robotics in the meat industry was "the way of the future".
``More robotics will be inevitable as meat companies look for efficiencies, and companies trying to take costs out has to be a good thing," Patterson said.
A concern was that with more foreign ownership, robotics could be used to do basic cuts and more processing done overseas, they said.
``I would like to think that the 'value-add' companies are putting emphasis in New Zealand plants would stay in New Zealand, especially the work done in boning rooms...I think that work would be hard to replicate by robots."
Companies in the meat industry have been testing and trialling automation in plants for a number of years now.
The Ovine Automation Consortium, a $14.8 million project was launched in 2009 to develop a range of robotic technologies to automate sheep processing chains of its nine partners, all major processors of sheep meats.
READ MORE:
* Blue Sky Meats and Duncan to share processing for fee
* Meat processor strengthens links with women
* Cheap Australian meat floods onto New Zealand market
With preparations to steal the presidency away from Donald Trump now in full swing, the winner of the election has finally chimed in with their thoughts on the extremely fishy Jill Stein fundraising drive to force a three-state recount. Now that Team Hillary has used the Stein gambit as an opening to get involved in the search for a “Russian” hacking of the vote in Wisconsin, Trump ripped the ongoing refusal of the hypocritical Democratic party nominee to go out with grace.
According to Politico “Trump: Wisconsin recount is a ‘scam'”:
President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday slammed Green Party candidate Jill Stein's efforts to request a recount in Wisconsin, labeling it a “scam” designed to raise money for their campaign. “This recount is just a way for Jill Stein, who received less than one percent of the vote overall and wasn't even on the ballot in many states, to fill their coffers with money, most of which they will never even spend on this ridiculous recount,” Trump said in a statement released by their transition team. “This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded, and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing.” Trump was largely on mum on Hillary Clinton's campaign participation in the recount. In a short post Saturday afternoon, Clinton's top election lawyer announced that the former secretary of state's campaign would participate in the Wisconsin recount. In the only mention of their former foe, Trump said that Clinton had already conceded to them — adding it is time for America to move on. “The people have spoken and the election is over, and as Hillary Clinton themselves said on election night, in addition to their conceding by congratulating me, ‘We must accept this result and then look to the future.'”
Trump then used their weaponized Twitter account to lay into the Clinton-Stein joint-venture:
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when they called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free — — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a – — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind — — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
of position." Then, separately they stated, "He said something truly horrifying … they refused to say that they would respect the results of — — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." They then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald — — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
Trump is going to be our President. We owe them an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent – same result! Sad — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
And directly from the horse's mouth:
Ironic what Hillary Clinton had to say @ the 3rd Presidential Debate when @realDonaldTrump wouldn't say if they would accept election results. pic.twitter.com/IDOOBExzAP — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) November 27, 2016
Trump however is missing out on the bigger picture by just accusing Stein of bilking supporters for money in this charade, the amount of money that flew into Stein's coffers in a very short period of time had to be coming from Clinton allies – perhaps Soros himself. There is something far more sinister at foot here and the Wisconsin recount will almost certainly be hijacked by some “expert” who claims to have found evidence of Russian hacking and provide the impetus for an overturn of the election results because the establishment is not ever going to give up.
Originally published at Downtrend.com
Contracts are always definitely consensual. Contracts are never completely consensual. One who has not grasped this essential political fact will remain one of liberalism's useful idiots, waking up each morning still trapped in a dystopian liberal Groundhog Day. And it is impossible for a positivist, who confuses definiteness with completeness, to grasp this essential fact.
Libertarians and libertarian-sympathetic reactionaries are ultimately just enablers of liberalism, because they have not fully grasped that making freedom a political priority necessarily leads right back around to liberalism. In order to escape the mind trap of liberalism it is not enough to unequivocally reject equality as a political priority. You must also unequivocally reject freedom as a political priority.
If a lot of people happen to be free, it means that a lot of people are actually able to choose what they wish to be able to choose. That is a consequence of either:
their wills being conformed to what is good in a good society; or
their wills being conformed to wickedness in a wicked society.
Treating freedom or equality as political priorities at all involves a basic misapprehension: it involves deliberately taking our eyes off of what is good and adopting a pose of neutrality. And because political neutrality is actually impossible, this in effect makes wickedness the goal.
So treating freedom and/or equality as a political priority is just political support of wickedness, simpliciter.
No matter how many times it is dealt with, the objection that libertarianism does insist that people face the consequences of their own free choices pops up like a game of whack-a-mole. Libertarianism represents a genuinely consensual politics because, while it is true that contracts are considered binding once freely entered, only consensual contracts are permitted.
But this is just the same old question-begging blindness to metaphysical baggage all over again. Contracts and other choices take place in a context, and the context is not itself a consensually entered contract[1]. As a simple example, who ‘owns' what, and what ‘ownership' does and does not entail in specific situations, is the tip of the iceberg of the non-consensual context in which every contract is entered, and in the shadow of which it is bargained.
If you happen to find a given nonconsensual context pleasing for ideological or personal reasons it is more likely to be invisible to you. But even then it isn't something you created by giving consent.
So libertarianism or even residual libertarian sympathies in reaction just end up back in the same old circular trap. We can have whatever politics we want as long as everyone else gets to have whatever politics they want. You can have any political system you want — as long as it is liberalism.
—
[1] If folks understood how political philosophy has developed it would be obvious why such manifestly question-begging errant nonsense as social contract theory and government by consent of the governed was considered necessary. In order to justify authoritative discrimination in favor of liberal governance on its own terms liberalism has to pretend that authority is ‘consensual contract' turtles all the way down.
Joe Maddon began their Cubs career in November by offering to buy a shot and a beer for everyone who came to their introductory news conference at the Cubby Bear.
"It's the Hazleton way," they said, referring to their Pennsylvania hometown.
The Hazleton way has worked all year. Maddon's players have taken partying to another level in 2015, bringing a nightclub atmosphere into the clubhouse after every win, complete with light shows, a smoke machine and blaring rap music.
Now the Cubs are on the verge of clinching their first postseason berth since 2008, and Maddon is promising an even bigger party.
"How much bigger can it get?" I asked.
"Oh, it can go longer," Maddon said. "We have constraints. You've got to get home. You've got the game the next day.
"Listen, the word 'party' has taken on a negative connotation in our country these days. It's really bumming me out. There's nothing wrong with having a good party. So if you have an opportunity to have a good party, go out and have one. And it's OK to have a good time."
Agreed. These Cubs clinching parties don't come around too often, and considering they've lost nine straight playoff games dating to Game 5 of the 2003 National League Championship Series, it's better to celebrate big in case you don't get another opportunity.
Photos from the game at Wrigley Field.
But as designated spokesperson for the Chicago baseball media, I do have a bone to pick with Maddon. They still owe us all a drink, or two if you consider a shot and a beer multiple drinks.
Flash back to that November afternoon at the Cubby Bear, where Maddon sat behind a table with President Theo Epstein and general manager Jed Hoyer, drinking Guinness out of a can.
After Maddon left the podium to do some TV interviews, I swiped the can to see how much they actually drank. It turned out to be less than a quarter of a tall boy, or as Chicagoans say, "a sip."
According to my calculations, Maddon's offer to buy us a round was not the result of being too tipsy, as frequently happens in bars, and it was not a staged piece of Cubbyness for the cameras. It was a legit offer.
But we, the media, were too busy interviewing Maddon, Epstein, Hoyer and agent Alan Nero to partake. Maddon's kind gesture went nationwide, but the reality is they didn't buy us any drinks.
Joe Maddon on a cheetah visiting Wrigley Wednesday and handling September pressure. Joe Maddon on a cheetah visiting Wrigley Wednesday and handling September pressure. SEE MORE VIDEOS
Video of Maddon's comment that the drinks were on them went viral. Epstein even went on Dan Patrick's national radio show the next day and was asked the cost of the bar tab.
"You know how sportswriters like free food and free drink," Epstein told Patrick. "So when Joe offered up a shot and a beer, it was like a stampede toward the bar. But Joe took care of it. It was a good time had by all."
This bit of revisionist history went unchallenged by Patrick, so it was taken as gospel. Fortunately, I ran into Epstein a few days later at the general managers meetings in Phoenix. I knew it might be my only chance to get the truth out, so I confronted him, "60 Minutes"-style.
Here's an unedited transcript of my interview:
Epstein: "You look miserable."
Tribune: "What about this story you told Dan Patrick that all the media was running to the bar to get the free drinks?"
Epstein: "Yeah, I used some creative license. I was mainly talking about you."
Tribune: "Did you see me take a drink? You didn't see any of us take a drink. Let's clarify that right now. It was taken as the truth."
Epstein: "Who cares?"
Tribune: "I just want you to fess up."
Epstein: "OK, Paul Sullivan is too stupid to take advantage of a free drink. There. It's on the record."
I've kept quiet for 10 months. But now the Cubs are about to throw the party of the century, and we're still waiting on our shot and a beer.
I hate to make a mountain out of a Molson's, but it's time for Maddon to finally buy that round they promised at the Cubby Bear.
That's the Chicago way.
psullivan@tribpub.com
Twitter @PWSullivan
Roy Helu Jr. and Sio Moore were both suited up for the first time this preseason for the Raiders.
While Helu saw early action on special teams and got six offensive touches (four carries, two receptions), Moore was pretty invisible.
It didn't appear they played any snaps on defense and only saw late special teams play. At one point, the second-team defense was on the field and Moore was seated on the bench with their helmet off.
Coach Jack Del Rio said earlier this week that Moore was “competing to be a role player.” While this was their first game back from injury, if Sunday was any indication that may not be a large role. It begs the question, if the Raiders don't have a big role for him, might they consider trading him? It seems possible and is worth watching over the next week.
The team cut Jonathan Dowling the day before, reportedly because of maturity issues. Asked about that decision, Del Rio said they “didn't think (Dowling) was going to be a good fit for this organization. So we're giving them the opportunity to play somewhere else.”
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Sam Amick talks about Sacramento Kings' saga between coach and players. USA TODAY Sports
Sacramento Kings coach George Karl could be in jeopardy of losing their job. (Photo11: Kelley L Cox, USA TODAY Sports)
George Karl is in trouble.
Even those closest to them are willing to admit that much.
The Sacramento Kings coach who came to town nine months ago, who was given a $15 million contract ($11.5 million guaranteed) that doesn't expire until the summer of 2018, and whose sterling record of success has been tainted by way of the 12-26 record ever since, isn't seen internally as their coach for the long-haul anymore. Barring a shocking turnaround – and by that, we're talking a 40-plus win season that seems unlikely – that much has become increasingly clear.
If the Kings' 1-7 record that prompted a team meeting on Tuesday gets even worse, their dismissal could come this week. Wednesday, the Kings – as irony would have it – face the same Detroit Pistons team that beat them last Dec. 13 and inspired the firing of coach Michael Malone. Or, should the early-season bleeding subside enough to calm the waters, Karl's firing could come in the summer.
But Karl, whose hiring had as much to do with the Kings' business situation as it did basketball, is going to be just fine no matter what happens. It's the Kings and their fanbase who have every reason to be worried.
As organization building goes, Vivek Ranadive's run has been as rough as they come. Since leading the ownership group which bought the team for a league record $535 million and kept it from being relocated to Seattle in May of 2013, they have already had three head coaching changes (Keith Smart to Michael Malone to Tyrone Corbin to Karl) and two front-office makeovers (longtime general manager Geoff Petrie was let go, former general manager Pete D'Alessandro left amid much tension for the Denver Nuggets after Vlade Divac was brought in take on their role).
As has been the case in this stretch, even the moves that made sense at the time are eventually seen differently because of the changes that ensued thereafter. Karl was the right hire post-Malone – even with the strong protests that were coming from DeMarcus Cousins' representatives – and should have been brought on immediately so that Corbin could have been spared the two months of nonsense in between.
This made sense in ways that the Malone firing did not, and not just because of the business boon that came with it (fans were clamoring for Karl, meaning a spike in season ticket sales as the Kings neared the 2016-17 opening of their downtown arena). The sixth-winningest coach in NBA history would join their former Denver Nuggets colleague in D'Alessandro, and the Kings would send a strong message to the Cousins camp that they were confident and united. Stability. Synergy between management and the coaching staff. Novel concepts indeed.
For a minute there, you almost thought this might work.
But this all became untenable when – yet again – a front-office change meant the coach was working with a general manager who had nothing to do with their hiring. Divac, the beloved former King whose hiring had a business component of its own, arrived less than a month after Karl came aboard and instantly inspired the sort of trust from Ranadive that D'Alessandro had lost. D'Alessandro – who drew Ranadive's ire, in part, because of the Malone firing blame game that went on internally – was back with the Nuggets by June. Thus, this nearly-impossible dynamic that all organizations try to avoid was back in place.
Karl's end-of-season slip-up played a part, when they told reporters in mid-April that every NBA player – Cousins included – was tradable. It was a public showing of what so many folks around the NBA already knew, that Karl had serious reservations about Cousins. And while Karl would later apologize to Cousins for the statement, the truth is that players aren't stupid. They know that Divac didn't hire Karl, and that the pro-Cousins Ranadive will listen to the gripes that have grown so loud of late. What's more, Kings players aren't the only ones sharing their angst.
According to a person with knowledge of the situation, the level of frustration with Ranadive among some Kings minority owners is at an all-time high. Specifically, their track record of making significant decisions without truly consulting them is a source of significant irritation. The person spoke to USA TODAY Sports on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the situation.
There's no way to know what happens from here, but this is about as bad a run-up to the arena opening season as the Kings could have imagined. All those offseason moves to make this roster meant they simply had to get off to a decent start, but the combination of Cousins' unexpected absence (four games with an Achilles strain) and poor play have put them in this early season pit. Add in the fact that Ranadive responded to a six-game losing streak by parading their friend/rapper Drake throughout the frustrated Kings locker room after a 106-88 loss to San Antonio on Tuesday night, and you get the sense that the silliness won't stop anytime soon.
Now comes this familiar quandary: thanks to Petrie's June 2011 trade with the Cleveland Cavaliers that landed them J.J. Hickson, the Kings will lose their 2016 first-round pick unless they lose their way into the top 10 (it would go to Chicago if it's outside the top 10, as the Bulls received it from the Cavs as part of the Jan. 2014 Andrew Bynum trade). And with the Western Conference so stacked and so little reason to believe this team can be anything more than mediocre (at best) from here on out, losing big might be the way to go – again.
It's been nearly a decade since the Kings last made the playoffs, and seven seasons since they even won 30-plus games. Ranadive has only been responsible since 2013 but that combined regular season record of 58-114 since they took over is far worse than anyone could have imagined when they helped save the city's only professional sports team.
This mess, make no mistake, is a whole lot bigger than George Karl.
Good Morning, Broncos fans! In their latest mailbag, Mike Klis explains what caused the two controversial draw plays in Seattle:
On the first third-and-long run, Manning made an unfortunate audible. A pass play was the call but instead they gave tight end Virgil Green the ball, who ran on a play when a lineman didn't pull. Green got no gain and a game-ending concussion. On the next third-and-long, Manning had not yet called a play at the line of scrimmage. They were about to signal for a pass play when Manny Ramirez snapped the ball. Crowd noise was the factor there. Manning had the ball with no play called. Busted. Manning fed running back C.J. Anderson, who took the hit for a 2-yard loss.
So the Broncos weren't conservative-minded on those plays. It just looked that way.
A bad snap from Ramirez, caused by crowd noise against the Seahawks? Sounds all too familiar.
John Elway says Denver's problems come down to a bunch of little things adding up:
"I do know that we have to start doing the little things within each side of the ball better than we have been," Elway said. "A little bit more disciplined. We're not consistent, because we're not doing the little things right all the time. I'm talking about things like whether the depth on your route is deep enough, or setting the right way, knowing where your help is. Just little things. "Defensively, knowing where to line up, certain defenses we have technique where we're either taking the inside or outside away and being able to know within the defense which are those little technique things we are supposed to be doing. We need to start doing those things 100 percent. We're not doing those little things 100 percent of the time, so therefore it's causing the inconsistency."
I know I didn't express this very well yesterday, but my point about miscues under John Fox was meant to be a general comment. Of course, a writer's #1 job is to be clear, so for that I apologize.
As most of you are aware, I've been a frequent critic of Fox's conservativeness, especially as relates to fourth down decisions and clock management.
But these issues have never been a shock - Fox is, and always has been, a risk-averse coach.
What has surprised me most during Foxy's tenure - especially since Manning arrived - is the team's troubles with fumbles, dropped passes, missed tackles, penalties, and general discipline and preparation.
Last year, there was the mistake-filled loss after having built a 24-0 halftime lead at New England, and the uninspired play against San Diego while trying to gain home field advantage.
This was the team that ranked 28th in penalties and 25th in fumbles last year.
Of course, SB 48 was jam-packed with examples of every problem mentioned above.
I'm not suggesting (nor have I ever) that Fox should be fired.
Rather, I'm just wondering why the losses by these Broncos - the Fox/Manning Broncos - seem to come down to (sloppy/undisciplined) mistakes and poor decisions.
Perhaps it's just perception, and Denver's mistakes are magnified by their gargantuan expectations.
This is a veteran team with elite talent and supposedly great coaching.
At some point, they have to play like that on a regular basis (like they did for much of 2012).
Broncos
Players elected Jacob Tamme as the Broncos' union rep, with Ryan Clady, Von Miller, and David Bruton the alternates.
Louis Vasquez was held out of Tuesday's practice; the team will work out today and then be dismissed for the bye week.
Rahim Moore says he's working hard to improve at picking off passes (BTW, they have 17 career passes defensed, not sacks).
Brandon Marshall had some fun with idiot FF players who tweeted at them during Monday's Bears game, during which the more famous Brandon Marshall was injured.
Broncos Analysis
Cecil Lammey studies Denver's utilization of T.J. Ward to this point.
Mike Freeman says Denver won't beat Seattle until John Fox loosens the reins a bit.
Andrew Mason and Jeff Legwold (offense, defense/special teams) revisit Sunday's loss at Seattle.
In light of complaints from Peyton Manning and Mark Kiszla, Ross Tucker thinks the NFL should just go back to its old sudden death OT rules.
David Ramsey revisits The Drive and Denver's drafting of Floyd Little.
News
Rob Bironas tried out for the Lions just days before their death, and apparently had multiple road rage incidents in the moments leading up to their fateful crash.
The family of Paul Oliver sued the NFL for wrongful death, alleging that concussions led the former Chargers safety to suicide.
Phil Simms says they will try not to utter the blatantly racist name of the Washington team during tomorrow night's broadcast.
Transactions/Injuries
San Diego lost practice squad RB Marion Grice to Arizona and replaced them by adding RB Shaun Draughn.
Minnesota placed QB Matt Cassel (foot) on IR; Tampa Bay added wideout Louis Murphy; Carolina placed RB Mike Tolbert (leg) on short-term IR.
Analysis
Jason Lisk discusses the offensive struggles of the Patriots; Bucky Brooks lauds the Cowboys' offensive balance; Chase Stuart examines the makeup of Arizona's roster; Robert Mays on Ryan Tannehill's struggles.
Joel Corry thinks the era of running backs getting megacontracts may be over.
Greg Bedard calls for the resignation of Roger Goodell and replacement by a commissioner somehow independent of the owners who will pay their or their salary. They don't appear to be joking when they suggest that season-ticket holders be included among the committee that selects a new commish.
KSK meme-ifies Week 3.
Maths
Small sample size is likely to blame for Denver's rankings among advanced metrics to be so scattered: Advanced Football Analytics (#11), PFR (#13), Football Outsiders (#3), Massey-Peabody (#2).
Stuart presents Game Script data from Week 3.
Stoutmeister here with our official preview of WinterBrew, set for Friday at the Santa Fe Farmers Market. This is the one beer festival none of us managed to get to last year, so this time around I will head up alone and make sure to cross it off the old beer-bucket list of life. I bought my ticket in advance via the New Mexico Brewers Guild website, which proved to be a good move as most of the tickets on sale at breweries in Albuquerque and Santa Fe have sold out.
The good news is that WinterBrew runs from 4 to 8 p.m. This is good because the RailRunner does not leave ABQ until after 4 p.m. (specifically 4:26 downtown, 4:41 Journal Center) and arrives at the Santa Fe Depot at 6:03 p.m. What a wonderful train schedule, no? So unless you don't have work and can go spend all day in Santa Fe (there are worse things), you're probably going to be like me and miss half the festival. So to all those locals and folks daring to drive who get there at 4, please leave the rest of us some beer! Also, the last train leaves SF for ABQ at 9 p.m. on the dot, but thankfully the good folks at 2nd Street's Railyard location are holding an after-party, so we can always hang out there for an hour.
Now, onto the important stuff, which is namely this: What beers are going to be on hand? Well, as of Wednesday afternoon, there were a lot of “we hope to have this” and “we're debating this one or this one” amongst the breweries. So what lies below should be taken as a tentative list, with a big old asterisk attached. I do my best to prepare your palate, but then again, who doesn't love a good surprise or two?
Blue Corn: The plan right now is to have BC's pilsner, IPA, stout, and an imperial porter aged in bourbon barrels. This is one of those breweries I keep meaning to visit but never get around to, and in the past they have only brought the IPA and (I think) the pilsner down to Septemberfest, so I am eager to try their stout (natch) and definitely am I looking forward to an imperial porter, a rare style.
Bosque: The new Boss Pale Ale will lead the list of five beers that ABQ's newest brewery is taking north. Also on hand will be crowd favorites like the Scotia Scotch Ale, Brewer's Boot (amber ale), and Olde Bosky (porter), one of my personal favorites.
Chama River: Two regular beers and two seasonals will highlight Chama's offerings. I am personally looking forward to sampling the new Serenity Milk Stout. Sadly, this beer does not come with a free brown coat or a chance to meet Summer Glau. It will have to stand on its own. Also on tap will be the seasonal Simcoe Pale Ale, plus Chama stalwarts in the Jackalope IPA and the Class VI Golden Lager.
Duel: Santa Fe's next brewery, which is not yet open for business, will be bringing two of its future flagship beers to WinterBrew in the Titian Ale, a classic Belgian, and the Dark Ryder, a darker Belgian as the name might imply. While I am not big on the Belgians in general, I will make sure to try the Dark Ryder, as Stone recently did its best to change my mind about the genre with the Vertical Epic 12.12.12.
High Desert: No brewery had a longer trip ahead of them than High Desert, traveling up from Las Cruces, so I understand that they were not able to call me back with a list. I look forward to seeing what they will surprise us all with, since I have not had an HDBC beer since visiting there a couple years ago.
La Cumbre: The plan for one of ABQ's heavyweights was still up in the air, though the odds are good that Jefe's Hefe, Elevated IPA, and South Peak Pilsner will make the trip up I-25. One or more seasonals or another regular or two could also sneak onto the truck Friday.
Marble: Still waiting to hear back from ABQ's biggest brewery. If they let me know tonight or tomorrow, I'll update.
Nexus: The delicious Chocolate Porter will head Nexus' lineup, with their regular stout and IPA also on hand. Brewer Manuel said they are debating between the regular cream ale and the imperial cream ale as the fourth member of Friday's ensemble. Hard to go wrong with either, in my opinion.
Rio Grande/Sierra Blanca: The GABF gold medal winner, Sierra Blanca's Nut Brown Ale, will lead the list from Moriarty's flagship brewery. The Pancho Verde Chile Cerveza, Outlaw Lager, and IPA will also be available. If anyone runs out of steam in terms of sampling, RG/SB will have bottles of its beer for sale so you can take them home.
Santa Fe: Nothing is certain with New Mexico's oldest brewery, but they hope to have their Black IPA, Happy Camper IPA, and Java Stout on tap. Either the pale ale or nut brown will round out the lineup. In addition, they plan to have the burly Kickin' Chicken (barley wine) for sale in bottles, if you dare to tackle that beast of a beer.
2nd Street: There is no such thing as a host brewery at WinterBrew, but if there was, it would be 2nd Street, whose Railyard location is right by the Farmers Market. In the spirit of this, 2nd Street is bringing EIGHT beers to the event. Wow. The list features stalwarts like IPA, a German-style pilsner, Rod's Best Bitter (ESB), Pajarito Pale Ale, a brown ale, the cream stout, and Alternator (a double alt beer). New to the list is Outlier, a new seasonal that screams “TRY ME!” After reading this list, there is a pretty decent chance your best chance to find me at WinterBrew is to just camp out by the 2nd Street table.
Tractor: I guess Dave and company are just planning to surprise us all with their lineup for Friday. Again, if they get back to me, I will update.
Turtle Mountain: Hopheads can rejoice with the news that Turtle's Hoptimus Prime (DIPA) will be batting cleanup on Friday. The American Wheat will be on hand for those looking for something lighter. Turtle had yet to settle on its last two beers. If they want our advice, the Ironman Black IPA and Celtic Brown would be wonderful additions to the roster. … And then on Thursday afternoon, Turtle did indeed announce that the Ironman and Celtic would be making the trip up I-25! Great beer minds do think alike!
Well, that should whet your appetite for great beer Friday. I will be at the event (bearded dude, glasses, black hoodie) whenever the RailRunner gets me there. Feel free to say hello.
And don't forget the Brew Crew's first anniversary party on Saturday at 7:30 p.m. at Back Alley Draft House. Then you can meet all of us and enjoy some new beers from Goat Head. It's free to get in (you still have to pay for the beer) and all are welcome!
Cheers!
— Stoutmeister
If you're bothering to read a blog post about getting better at Starcraft II then you, like me, are terrible at macro. It's okay. Really. Even the pros make simple macro errors, so I can hardly blame you for missing a larva inject, a chrono-boost, or a MULE. We know these things are necessary for good macro, but we're human. We make mistakes. We practice preventing it, but eventually you're going to screw up. So when that inevitable mistake drops into your game at the worst possible moment, it's useful to have some idea of how to recover.
Lost/Forgotten Workers:
Primary on your list of macro mechanics is workers. They give you money, and you need money. Ideally, you want somewhere between 70 and 80 workers before you're done building them, though sometimes circumstances force you to temporarily cut production. Perfectly understandable, but if you're not building workers when you can build workers, we have an issue.
This is wrong.
This is right. Any questions?
The reason workers are first on this list is because I can't help you if you're not building them and keeping them alive. I know this is a list of how to recover from mistakes, but that premise only goes so far. There's no quick and easy trick for fixing your macro if you don't have enough economy to actually do anything. Losing a probe to a pack of zerglings is fine, but if you haven't built and SCV for five minutes then you are officially executing an all-in attack (meaning your chances of winning will rest on your next push). You might not have planned it but that's how it is. If your attack doesn't work, you won't have the economy to keep up with your opponent and he/she will have an insurmountable advantage.
The only way to recover from a terrible worker screw-up is to embrace that all-in mindset. Build as many units as you can and go attack. Attack and try to kill enough of your opponent's workers that you're on equal footing again. Then do yourself a favor and keep building workers.
Supply Block:
My god . . . what have I done?
If you're like me, then supply block is a regular issue. Maybe you were distracted by your opponent's army, or maybe you are building units faster than you anticipated, or maybe you just screwed up and forgot to build a supply depot. Getting supply blocked happens to us all, and while it's frustrating as all hell, it's not a game-ending mistake.
Additional pylons! Now!
First and foremost on the list of things to do is to get more supply. You don't have to overdo it and build twelve supply structures at once, but building more than one simultaneously is usually a good idea. Once that's underway, you'll notice your money start to creep up because you can't build units. If you so desire, you can sit and wait for your supply cap to rise and then go about your business, but I recommend spending that money as quickly as you can.
The way you spend that money depends on what your opponent is doing. If they are sitting back and macroing, then you can move down this list to “tech and upgrades”, but if they look like he's gearing up for an attack, you should spend you money on defenses. Build as many as you can before your enemy arrives. Your goal at this point isn't to spend money wisely, it's to survive. A smart opponent will back off and take an expansion when they see your ten new photon cannons, but it's better to scare them off than to lose right there.
Tech and upgrades are great ways to spend money if you feel safe while supply blocked. It's not usually ideal to start 2/2 upgrades, an infestor pit, and burrowing claws simultaneously, but teching and upgrading are great methods of adding strength to your army when you can't build units. Also, tech/upgrades tend to be on the expensive side, so you can keep your money low and your economy efficient.
One engineering bay not cutting it? Add another.
If you don't have any upgrades or tech paths available, your next option is to take an expansion. You might not be in a position to defend the expansion, but I find it's usually worthwhile to try it anyway. Even if the expansion only has a 25% chance of finishing, it's better to gamble with your money than leave it's sitting there.
Finally, when upgrades, expansions, or defenses are all useless you may consider building some more unit-producing structures. I put this low on the list because building extra barracks, warpgates, or hatcheries is a tricky business. Often, I'll build myself an extra barracks while supply blocked only to have it sit idle after I start building units again. My money is invested, but it isn't helping me. It was no different than if I had not spent money at all. The barracks would eventually find use after my economy grew, but I always prefer building things that help me now versus things that help me later.
Extra Gas/Minerals:
When I first started playing the game of Starcraft, I never had enough money. Then I learned to build workers. Then I had entirely too much money. As a Starcraft player, you should think like a gold-digging trophy wife, “how can I spend everything as quickly as possible?” The higher level players might also look for the most efficient way to spend the money, but when I see my mineral/gas count climb above 500 I know I need to spend, spend, spend on anything I can.
Spending money in Starcraft II can get difficult, believe it or not. Once you are on three or more mining bases, money starts coming in so fast that spending it all can strain the limits of your APM. God forbid you have to spend it all while microing your army, too. I simply don't have the hand speed for that kind of high-level play. That's why I cheat. I modify builds to make them easier to execute. I build extra warpgates, or rush for hive tech faster than I really should. It's not the perfect build that the pros use, but it gets me though the ladder. I can't in good conscience encourage other players to use my crappy strategies, but I would encourage emulating some of my cop-out techniques when you see your money floating way too high.
As with supply block, going to upgrades and tech is a good first response to too much money, and for the same reasons. It powers up your army and allows you to dump the money quickly. This is especially useful if your money rises because of a temporary distraction. Building a macro hatchery might be overkill, but some upgrades will get rid of those extra four hundred minerals that you accumulated while you were dealing with harassment.
Other times, you're dealing with a more systemic problem. Your money isn't just going up when you're distracted, it's rising despite you making all conceivable efforts to the contrary. This is the appropriate time to add unit-producing structures. I know you were waiting for that one. More gates, more ‘racks, and throw down a macro hatch! And keep building until your money stabilizes.
Mo 'Racks Mo Macro
Last on this list is defensive structures. They only cost minerals, so they won't help keep your gas low, but they're effective at keeping you alive. This is reasonably effective for Protoss and Terran, but it's especially useful for Zerg. Late in a game, Zerg's mineral count tends to soar out of control. Turning unnecessary drones into spine crawlers makes defense easier and clears up some supply space for your heaviest-hitting units.
The macro spine crawler is a useful, though sometimes overlooked, tactic.
In Conclusion:
In case you were confused about the point of this article, allow me to summarize: spend your money! Spend it fast and spend it on what you need. When you can't spend it on what you need, spend it on what you kind of need. Do that, and you'll never have a macro problem again. On the off chance you do, I hope you keep my suggestions in mind.
Abu Hamad al-Hilu stands on the spot where their son Mahmoud was killed (Rami Almeghari)
“As I was heading to the mosque for afternoon prayers, Mahmoud was just coming back from school, and said, ‘Dad, classes are canceled today because there was Israeli shelling,'” Abu Hamad al-Hilu, 48, told The Electronic Intifada as they received visitors who had come to offer condolences on the death of their son.
Al-Hilu, a father of six daughters and four sons, began to cry and attempted a smile as they remembered Mahmoud: “He is the youngest. Myself, their mother and all other family members all liked and pampered him, but now they are lost and now their smile is no longer with us.”
“One of Mahmoud's favorite things was watching wrestling on TV and they were a fan of the wrestler John Cena, to the extent that they used to imitate them often by wrestling with their brothers and sisters and even with myself,” al-Hilu recalled.
Mahmoud's father described to The Electronic Intifada how their son was hit.
“After I came back from afternoon prayer, I saw my uncle Yasser Hamad and their grandson Yasser Ahed bleeding in front of this door,” they said outside of the family's home.
“I tried to aid them and I was shocked to see my son Mahmoud laying near that fence bleeding and their abdomen had been ripped open,” al-Hilu said as they gestured toward the locations where the three Israeli tank shells landed.
In addition to Mahmoud, three other persons were killed in the attack: Muhammad Saber Harara, 19, according to the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights, as well as Yaser Hamad al-Hilu, 51, and their grandchild Yasser Ahed al-Hilu, 15. Another 11 civilians, including eight children, were injured, three seriously.
At Mahmoud al-Hilu's home, their mother Umm Hamad welcomed relatives and friends who came to pay condolences to their gathered family, including their grandmothers, brothers and sisters.
“Just two hours before they were killed, Mahmoud argued happily with their brother Ahmad … Afterward, they asked me for one shekel, the fifth that day! Mahmoud used to like money and I never said no to him,” Umm Hamad remembered as they and their husband sat in the boy's bedroom.
“Since Mahmoud was killed, I began to sleep on their bed,” Ahmad, Mahmoud's 15-year-old brother, said tearfully. “Maybe the bed would console me or would remind me of Mahmoud.”
“Where is the world to protect us from such killing, where is the world?” Mahmoud's grandmother, Umm Muhammad al-Hatto, 72, asked. “Are we destined to inherit suffering from one generation to another?”
According to the Israeli daily Haaretz, the Israeli military spokesperson claimed that Palestinian militants had fired mortars at Israel and that the army had fired back at the source of the fire and that it did not know civilians were in the area. There are olive groves located three hundred meters away from the al-Hilu home.
In response to the killings of the four persons, including Mahmoud, the Israeli army issued a statement regretting the deaths of civilians and accusing Hamas, the ruling party in Gaza, of using Palestinian civilians as “human shields” for firing rockets. Israel has frequently made such claims to justify deaths of Palestinian and Lebanese civilians, although human rights groups and UN investigators have seldom found evidence to substantiate such accusations.
In recent days, Israel stepped up attacks on the Gaza Strip, claiming they were in retaliation for a barrage of rockets fired from Gaza into Israel. The new spate of violence in the occupied coastal region began the previous week, when Israeli warplanes killed two Hamas operatives in southern Gaza.
“One day before they were killed,” Mahmoud's mother remembered of their son, “he came to me to apologize for not buying me a gift for Mothers' Day. May God give me more patience and strength to overcome.”
Rami Almeghari is a journalist and university lecturer based in the Gaza Strip.
Ukraine Protests
An anti-government protester carries a shield as they run on the outskirts of Independence Square in Kiev, Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 20, 2014. Fierce clashes between police and protesters, some including gunfire, shattered a brief truce in Ukraine's besieged capital Thursday, killing numerous people. The deaths came in a new eruption of violence just hours after the country's embattled president and the opposition leaders demanding their resignation called for a truce and negotiations to try to resolve Ukraine's political crisis.
(AP Photo)
KIEV, Ukraine -- Fearing that a call for a truce was a ruse, protesters tossed firebombs and advanced upon police lines Thursday in
. Government snipers shot back and the almost-medieval melee that ensued left at least 70 people dead and hundreds injured.
Video footage on Ukrainian television showed shocking scenes Thursday of protesters being cut down by gunfire, lying on the pavement as comrades rushed to their aid. Trying to protect themselves with shields, teams of protesters carried bodies away on sheets of plastic or on planks of wood.
Protesters were also seen leading police officers with their hands held high around the sprawling protest camp in central Kiev. Ukraine's Interior ministry says 67 police were captured in all. It was not clear how they were taken. An opposition lawmaker said they were being held in Kiev's occupied city hall.
President Viktor Yanukovych and the opposition protesters who demand their resignation are locked in an epic battle over the identity of Ukraine, a nation of 46 million that has divided loyalties between Russia and the West. Parts of the country — mostly in its western cities — are in open revolt against Yanukovych's central government, while many in eastern Ukraine favor strong ties with Russia, their former Soviet ruler.
At least 99 people have died this week in the clashes in Kiev, a sharp reversal in three months of mostly peaceful protests. Now neither side appears willing to compromise, with the opposition insisting on Yanukovych's resignation and an early election and the president apparently prepared to fight until the end.
Thursday was the deadliest day yet. An AP cameraman saw snipers shooting at protesters in Kiev and video footage showed at least one sniper wearing a Ukraine riot police uniform.
The carnage appears to show that neither Yanukovych nor the opposition leaders appear to be in control of the chaos engulfing Ukraine.
Dr. Oleh Musiy, the top medical coordinator for the protesters told the AP that at least 70 protesters were killed Thursday and over 500 injured, and the death toll could well rise further.
There was no way to immediately verify their statement. Earlier in the day, an Associated Press reporter saw 21 bodies of protesters laid out Thursday on the edge of the capital's sprawling protest camp.
In addition, one police officer was killed and 28 suffered gunshot wounds Thursday, Interior Ministry spokesperson Serhiy Burlakov told the AP.
A truce announced late Wednesday appeared to have little credibility among hardcore protesters at Kiev's Independence Square campsite. One camp commander, Oleh Mykhnyuk, told the AP even after the truce, protesters still threw firebombs at riot police on the square. As the sun rose, police pulled back, the protesters followed them and police then began shooting at them, they said.
The Interior Ministry warned Kiev residents to stay indoors Thursday because of the "armed and aggressive mood of the people."
Yanukovych claimed Thursday that police were not armed and "all measures to stop bloodshed and confrontation are being taken." But the Interior Ministry later contradicted that, saying law enforcers would get weapons as part of an "anti-terrorist" operation.
Some signs emerged that Yanukovych is losing loyalists. The chief of Kiev's city administration, Volodymyr Makeyenko, announced Thursday they were leaving Yanukovych's Party of Regions.
"We must be guided only by the interests of the people, this is our only chance to save people's lives," they said, adding they would continue to fulfill their duties as long as they had the people's trust.
Another influential member of the ruling party, Serhiy Tyhipko, said both Yanukovych and opposition leaders had "completely lost control of the situation."
"Their inaction is leading to the strengthening of opposition and human victims," the Interfax news agency reported.
The parliament building was evacuated Thursday because of fears that protesters would storm it, and the government office and the Foreign Ministry buildings in Kiev were also evacuated. But a parliament session convened in the afternoon, with some pro-government lawmakers heeding the opposition's call to work out a solution to the crisis.
As the violence exploded and heavy smoke from burning barricades at the encampment belched into the sky, the foreign ministers of three European countries — France, Germany and Poland — met with Yanukovych for five hours after speaking with the opposition leaders. The EU ministers then returned to speak again with opposition leaders.
The 28-nation European Union began an emergency meeting on Ukraine in Brussels to consider sanctions against those behind the violence.
The latest bout of street violence began Tuesday when protesters attacked police lines and set fires outside parliament, accusing Yanukovych of ignoring their demands to enact constitutional reforms that would once again limit the president's power.
Anti-government protesters clash with riot police in Kiev's Independence Square, the epicenter of the country's current unrest, in Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 20, 2014. Ukraine's protest leaders and the president they aim to oust called a truce Wednesday, just hours after the military raised fears of a widespread crackdown with a vow to defeat "terrorists" responsible for seizing weapons and burning down buildings.
Prior to the deaths Thursday, the Ukrainian Health Ministry said 28 people have died and 287 have been hospitalized this week. Protesters who have set up a medical facility in a downtown cathedral so that wounded colleagues would not be snatched away by police say the number of injured are significantly higher — possibly double or triple that.
The Caritas Ukraine aid group praised the protest medics but said many of the wounded will need long-term care, including prosthetics.
The clashes this week have been the most deadly since protests kicked off in November after Yanukovych shelved an association agreement with the European Union in favor of closer ties with Russia. Russia then announced a $15 billion bailout for Ukraine, whose economy is in tatters.
The political jockeying for influence in Ukraine has continued. In Moscow, the Kremlin said President Vladimir Putin was sending former ombudsman Vladimir Lukin to Ukraine as a mediator.
President Barack Obama stepped in to condemn the violence, warning Wednesday "there will be consequences" for Ukraine if it keeps up. The U.S. has raised the prospect of joining with the EU to impose sanctions against Ukraine.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said Russia will "try to do our best" to fulfill its financial obligations to Ukraine, but indicated Moscow would hold back on further installments of its bailout money until the crisis is resolved.
"We need partners that are in good shape and a Ukrainian government that is legitimate and effective," they said.
At the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Ukrainian alpine skier Bogdana Matsotska, 24, said they will not take part in Friday's women's slalom due to the developments in Kiev.
"As a protest against lawless actions made toward protesters, the lack of responsibility from the side of the president and their lackey government, we refuse further performance at the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games," their father and coach, Oleg Matsotskyy, wrote in a Facebook post.
Students wearing face masks walk across the street in a line in Jinan, in east China's Shandong province amongst heavy air pollution on December 24, 2015 (AFP Photo/)
Air pollution kills more than 5.5 million people around the world each year, with over half of those deaths occurring in fast-growing China and India, researchers said Friday.
And the number of premature deaths will continue to climb in the years ahead unless more aggressive measures against pollution are adopted, scientists warned the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference in the US capital.
"Air pollution is the fourth highest risk factor for death globally and by far the leading environmental risk factor for disease," said Michael Brauer, a professor at the University of British Columbia's School of Population and Public Health in Vancouver, Canada.
Air pollution ranks behind high blood pressure, diet and smoking as the fourth greatest risk factor for fatalities worldwide, according to the Global Burden of Disease study, done by the Institute for Health Metrics.
"Reducing air pollution is an incredibly efficient way to improve the health of a population," said Brauer.
China and India account for 55 percent of yearly global deaths from air pollution.
Some 1.6 million people died of air pollution in China in 2013, while India saw 1.4 million deaths.
In China, burning coal is the biggest contributor to poor air quality -- and pollution from coal was found to have caused 366,000 deaths in 2013, said Qiao Ma, a PhD student at the School of Environment at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China.
They projected that air pollution will cause anywhere from 990,000 to 1.3 million premature deaths in 2030 unless more ambitious targets are introduced.
"Our study highlights the urgent need for even more aggressive strategies to reduce emissions from coal and from other sectors," said Ma.
In India, the main culprit was burning wood, dung and biomass for cooking and heating.
"India needs a three-pronged mitigation approach to address industrial coal burning, open burning for agriculture, and household air pollution sources," said Chandra Venkataraman, professor of Chemical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, in Mumbai, India.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO) air quality guidelines, pollution should be restricted to a daily particulate matter of 25 micrograms per cubic meter.
In February, Beijing and New Delhi typically see daily levels at or above 300 micrograms per cubic meter -- or 1,200 percent higher than WHO guidelines, researchers said.
More than 85 percent of the global population lives in areas where the World Health Organization Air Quality Guideline is exceeded.
MongoDB is good for certain tasks and certain data. But, even though it's a NoSQL database, you'll sometimes need to export data and get into a SQL database. In this scenario you're left with a number of questions.
How can you export your MongoDB data with minimal hassle? Is there some way you can have the data pre-defined into SQL syntax including TABLE and INSERT statements so you don't need to manually do it? Can you somehow set up an automated pipeline for all future data exports?
The answer to those questions lies with APIs.
​
Part one: MongoDB API
Those lovely people at MongoDB have something called ‘mongoexport'. This is a utility that can be run from the system command line. It'll produce JSON or CSV.
There are a host of options and commands you can run, which is detailed in the mongoexport docs quite nicely.
The TL;DR is:
Run mongoexport from the system command line, not the mongo shell
Export the data: mongoexport --db test --collection traffic --out traffic.json
That's it! How nice and simple was that?
​
Part two: SQLizer API
Once you've navigated through the MongoDB export process, the hard part's over. Now you need to convert JSON to SQL. That's where the SQLizer API comes in.
The Sqlizer API is a simple REST interface that gives you programmatic access to our file conversion algorithm. The processes of converting a file with the API follows four steps:
Initiate the file conversion Upload your file Monitor the conversion progress Download your converted file
See full docs for more detail.
​
Step 1: Initiate the file conversion
A JSON to SQL file conversion can be initiated with a POST request to http://sqlizer.io/api/files/ and later accessed and updated at the endpoint http://sqlizer.io/api/files/{ID}/ .
If the request is successful the server will respond with a HTTP 200 code and a JSON representation of the file conversion. The ID field is especially important as it is used in the url of all future requests for this file conversion.
​
Step 2: Upload your file
Once you have a file ID you can begin uploading your file data by sending POST requests to http://sqlizer.io/api/files/{ID}/data/ .
The Sqlizer API allows you to upload your data in a single request or multiple requests. The latter is achieved by splitting the file into parts and sending each individually. Most files can be uploaded in a single request but if your file is larger than 100Mb or you have an unreliable connection an upload in multiple parts is recommended.
Check out the full API documentation for in-depth details on single and multiple requests.
​
Step 3: Monitor the conversion progress
Once your file upload is finalised it will be placed in a queue for processing. You can check on its progress with a GET request to http://sqlizer.io/api/files/{ID}/.
curl http://sqlizer.io/api/files/7EVHQlVpq6YrRGLxNyjJdZ-b7DN3hcKpbqwK215IyPpE8ZeddSK4GVe_q0LNdCZnNCwOi1ewyTSEVMy6rkpi8g==/ \ -H "Authorization: Bearer {API-KEY}"
You can see sample responses in full API documentation.
​
Step 4: Download your converted file
Once the file conversion process is complete you can download the converted file from the url specified in the returned ResultUrl parameter.
🎊 Success! 🎉
​
Part three: SQL files into SQL database
Now all that's left to do is simply import/upload your new SQL file into your database. Because SQLizer has pre-defined TABLE and INSERT statements this step is simply waiting for your file to import/upload.
​
Automate and be done with it
With this setup you could potentially automate the entire process of exporting MongoDB data and getting it into your own database. You can even set up a large-scale pipeline with the SQLizer API, convert files en-masse.
Happy automating!
​
SQLizer converts files into SQL databases. With an API to help automate conversion tasks, it's one of the best ways to transfer data between databases. Convert a file now.
Iranian officials have begun to hypothesize on the death of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, pronounced dead by the US early Monday morning.
Collaborating? US furious with Hamas over condemnation News agencies State Department spokesperson describes Ismail Haniyeh's response to killing of al-Qaeda leader 'outrageous.' Meanwhile, Clinton tells Netanyahu, Salam Fayyad US aid to PA will not be halted as Palestinians prepare to sign unity deal US furious with Hamas over condemnation
"He was just a puppet controlled by the Zionist regime in order to present a violent image of Islam after the September 11 attacks," they said, adding that the al-Qaeda leader's assassination proves they had "an expiration date" forcing the US to kill him.
"Bin Laden's death reflects the passing of a temporary US pawn, and symbolizes the end of one era and the beginning of another in American policy in the region," Kosari said.
Another member of the commission, Javad Jahangirzadeh, accused the US of carrying out terror attacks with bin Laden's assistance. They say the administration killed the terrorist in order to prevent information about this from leaking out.
"The West has been very pleased with bin Laden's operations in recent years," Jahangirzadeh said. "Now the West was forced to kill them in order to prevent a possible leak of information they had, information more precious than gold."
They said the arch-terrorist could have endangered Western interests had they been allowed to go on living, by exposing past as well as future operations.
"This event proves that there is no need for a massive war to deal with one person," they said, adding that Iran was opposed to all types of terror, "including the Zionist regime's organized terror".
State and federal authorities on Thursday charged former Obama administration car czar Steven Rattner with participating in a "pay-for-play" scheme to win business from New York state's pension fund, and sought more than $30 million in penalties.
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo sued Rattner for $26 million and sought to ban them from working on Wall Street permanently. Rattner, meanwhile, agreed to settle a suit brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission by paying $6.2 million and accepting a two-year ban from Wall Street.
The civil charges came on the same day of Rattner's crowning achievement - the sale of shares in a newly revamped General Motors, earning taxpayers a strong return on their investment in the once-beleaguered car company.
Rattner was accused of paying kickbacks and orchestrating a DVD distribution deal for a C-list movie, "Chooch," to win tens of millions of dollars in business from the $135 billion state pension fund.
The allegations, part of a broad investigation into corruption at the fund, are a painful comeuppance for Rattner, 58, who had a meteoric rise through the worlds of journalism, finance and politics before being implicated in the New York state pension fund scandal.
"While settling with the SEC begins the process of putting this matter behind me, I will not be bullied simply because the attorney general's office prefers political considerations instead of a reasoned assessment of the facts," Rattner said in a statement. "This episode is the first time during 35 years in business that anyone has questioned my ethics or integrity. . . . That's why I intend to clear my name by defending myself vigorously against this politically motivated lawsuit."
Rattner helped engineer a swift restructuring for an ailing GM, which received an enthusiastic response from investors on Thursday as shares in the new GM were sold. They have published a book on the experience, called "Overhaul," and spent the past few days discussing the administration's work to turn around GM. They even appeared on CNBC Thursday morning to boast of the GM success.
The timing of the suits led to exceptionally harsh words between Rattner and Cuomo. The SEC and Rattner had a settlement in place for weeks. But the announcement was delayed as Cuomo and Rattner fought over the terms of a deal.
"The attorney general and SEC have the same information, so picking the day of the GM IPO out of 500 possible days further demonstrates the attorney general puts politics and their own media coverage ahead of the public interest," said Davidson Goldin, a Rattner spokesperson.
A spokesperson for Cuomo said Rattner refused to cooperate with their investigation.
"Mr. Rattner now has a lot to say as they spin their friends in the press, but when they were questioned under oath about their pension fund dealings, they were much less talkative, taking the Fifth and refusing to answer questions 68 different times," said Richard Bamberger, a spokesperson for the attorney general. "Anyone who reads the extensive facts laid out in our complaint will understand that Rattner's claims that they did nothing wrong are ridiculous and belied by the fact that they are paying the SEC $6 million today."
The SEC and Cuomo filed the suits as part of a long-running investigation into corruption at the New York state pension fund.
[email protected]
La Policía Federal y el grupo de Fuerzas Especiales de la Armada que logró la reaprehensión de Joaquín El Chapo Guzmán, en enero de este año en Sinaloa, tienen una nueva misión, participan en la búsqueda de los presuntos integrantes del crimen organizado que emboscaron a los soldados en el municipio de Culiacán.
Mientras el equipo de inteligencia de la Policía Federal encabeza la investigación y recauda todo lo referente al grupo del crimen organizado para identificarlo y localizarlo, personal de élite perteneciente a la Secretaría de Marina-Armada de México (Semar) coadyuva para lograr la aprehensión de los agresores, informaron a EL UNIVERSAL fuentes oficiales.
Ambas instituciones utilizan todos los recursos materiales y humanos disponibles, en colaboración con la Procuraduría General de la República, para que no queden impunes los crímenes cometidos la madrugada del pasado viernes 30 de septiembre en donde cinco militares murieron y otros 10 resultaron heridos.
El equipo de Infantería de Marina que persiguió durante seis meses al líder del Cártel del Pacífico, El Chapo, quien era entonces el narcotraficante más buscado tras haber escapado por segunda vez de un penal de máxima seguridad, rastrea a los homicidas en zonas urbanas y en la Sierra Madre Occidental, en los límites entre Sinaloa, Durango y Chihuahua.
Colaboración. Por parte de la Policía Federal también hay uniformados realizando investigación de campo para dar con los sicarios, revelaron las fuentes consultadas.
Tras la agresión el presidente Enrique Peña Nieto afirmó, en su cuenta de Twitter, que el ataque al personal de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Sedena) no quedará impune.
El secretario de la Defensa Nacional, Salvador Cienfuegos Zepeda, expresó su indignación y advirtió que no se amedrentarán, al contrario, van con to-do.
El 30 de septiembre un convoy de al menos 10 vehículos y 40 narcotraficantes atacó en la madrugada a una ambulancia de la Cruz Roja y dos camionetas del Ejército en las que viajaban 17 soldados. El paramédico de la benemérita institución fue herido de bala en la cadera.
El motivo de la agresión suscitada fue rescatar al herido que iba en la ambulancia, identificado como Julio Óscar Ortiz Vega, El Kevin, quien horas antes participó en una balacera contra un grupo delictivo antagónico en la ranchería de Bacacoragua y posteriormente atacó a militares en una carretera de Badiraguato, Sinaloa, donde fue lesionado.
Se supo que El Kevín llevaba puesto un falso uniforme militar camuflado, chaleco blindado y suplicó a los elementos del Ejército que lo ayudaran y no lo fueran a abandonar para que no muriera desangrado.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Donald Trump hold a joint news conference at the White House in Washington on Friday. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
In a press conference with President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday, a German reporter asked Trump a question so brutally direct that it went viral on social media. The question has been loosely translated from German as, “Why do you keep saying things you know are not true?” (A slightly better translation might be: “Why do you assert things that cannot be substantiated?”) The reporter, Kristina Dunz of the German Press Agency, offered as an example Trump's discredited claim that President Barack Obama had wiretapped them during the 2016 campaign.
US reporters shocked when this German reporter asked #Trump: "Why do keep saying things you know are not true?" pic.twitter.com/dm79kI7RHe — Brent Goff (@brentgofftv) March 17, 2017
Dunz won praise from their stateside counterparts for the question's bluntness. “Good for German reporters, asking Trump tough and direct questions on wiretapping,” Philip Rucker, the Washington Post's White House bureau chief, told the Independent after the press conference.
But there's a reason only the text of the question went viral and not the video of the exchange itself. It's the same reason Trump did not feel compelled even to dodge the query, let alone answer it. That's because it came as part of a multipart question—in this case, a peripatetic, four-part doozy whose twists and turns Trump would have been hard-pressed to follow even if he'd cared to. Here's a translated version of it:
And that is how a seemingly hard-nosed question about Trump's dishonesty elicited a self-serving pile of presidential mumbo-jumbo about isolationism, free trade, and “fair trade,” which does not mean what they think it means. It's just the latest example of how this journalistic bad habit is undermining the media's efforts to hold the Trump administration to account.
The scourge of the multipart question in political journalism is nothing new. Even introductory reporting manuals warn against the practice, noting that it allows interview subjects to ignore the parts they don't want to answer. Poynter, the nonprofit journalism training institute, inveighed against multiparters last year, taking as a case study a 224-word question from the New York Times' Julie Davis at a joint press conference with Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. (Joint press availabilities with foreign leaders are uniquely conducive to elaborate inquiries, Davis noted in their defense, since they typically permit only two questions each from U.S. and foreign reporters.)
The incentives that drive such questions seem relatively straightforward. Reporters typically have a lot they'd like to ask politicians, but their opportunities to do so are tightly constrained. Multipart questions are an attempt to cheat these constraints by rattling off a series of questions—or in Davis' case, a whole interview's worth—before anyone else can interject. On rare occasions, an indulgent or undisciplined subject will dignify each part with a response, and in those cases the only people who lose out are the other reporters who have less time to get their own questions in.
Far more often, however, multipart question–askers are cheating themselves—and their audiences. The more questions they cram in, the more leeway they give politicians to home in on the ones most useful to their own ends—and wriggle clear of the rest.
Another recent example came from CNN's Jeff Zeleny in one of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer's first public briefings. Spicer was dancing desperately to avoid questions about Trump's baseless claim that millions of people had voted illegally in the election, when Zeleny asked them a direct question that pinned them to the ropes: “Do you believe there was widespread voter fraud?”
Spicer began to stammer: “Listen, my job is not … ”—but Zeleny wasn't finished. Relief washed over the press secretary's face as the reporter pivoted to the second part of their question: “How can they be comfortable with their win if they believe … .” Spicer saw their opening and pounced: “He's very comfortable with their win.” And just like that, the conversation had turned to one of Spicer's boss's favorite topics: the margin of their victory in the electoral college. (Video of that exchange is in embedded in the tweet below. Zeleny's question starts at 1:38.)
.@PressSec Sean Spicer answers questions from four reporters on President Trump and voter fraud: "He believes what they believe." pic.twitter.com/SEgBDndRAM — CSPAN (@cspan) January 24, 2017
Multipart questions are bad enough when the subject is an ordinary politician. When it's a demagogue who has built their political career on lies—the birther lie, the border-wall lie, the inauguration-crowd lie, the “fake news” lie—reporters' failure to ask a single, direct question at a time is indefensible.
It's worth acknowledging that multipart questions aren't always counterproductive. Perhaps the most famous two-parter in U.S. political history came from the Republican Sen. Howard Baker, who asked during the Watergate hearings: “What did the president know, and when did they know it?” That formulation resonated, of course, because of its simplicity rather than its complexity. Its second clause was not a digression from the first, but a direct follow-up that pressed for specificity. Besides, as Baker's use of the third person implies, it was a rhetorical question—not one they asked of President Richard Nixon himself. If they had, Tricky Dicky no doubt would have found a way to sidestep it.
By the same token, even a single-part question can go awry if it's accompanied by a too-lengthy preamble. A reporter for an Orthodox Jewish outlet, Jake Turx, reportedly spent an hour crafting the perfect question to ask Trump at their Feb. 16 press conference, only to be cut off by the president halfway through their recitation of it. Misconstruing the reporter's introductory comments, Trump yelled at them to “sit down,” adding, “I understand the rest of your question,” and calling it “repulsive.” In question-asking, as in writing, brevity pays dividends.
So why, if everyone knows complicated questions are invitations to evasion, do journalists keep asking them? In some cases, as with Zeleny or Turx, it may be a case of trying too hard to strike just the right framing. Both of their questions would have worked fine in an email interview. Asking them live, however, allowed their subjects to seize the ball halfway through and run the other way with it.
But Dunz's question—and the praise they received for it—suggests another possible motive at work. Televised press conferences offer journalists a rare opportunity to play a role in the live theater of politics, rather than simply reporting on it. Viewed in this light, multipart questions are a bid to stretch out journalists' time on the stage—and, perhaps, to win some applause of their own. No wonder it was Dunz's question, and not Trump's response, that went viral: It wasn't really a question in the first place. It was their chance to publicly call Trump a liar.
No doubt that was gratifying for Dunz and the Trump critics in their audience, not to mention the American journalists who have been reticent to criticize their president so openly. But it shined no new light on Trump, yielded no surprising admission or damning evasion.
The naked mendacity of the Trump administration has already forced the political press to reconsider some of its laziest impulses: access journalism, false balance, credulous reporting of dubious claims. The grandstanding, multipart question should be the next to go.
Ask one question. Keep it short. And if you don't get a straight answer, ask it again.
If you're feeling anxious or stressed right now, here's some great news: Bath & Body Works is turning the bath-bomb game on its head with a new product that pushes the frontier of wellness and relaxation. Earlier today, the beauty company unveiled a nano bath bomb that dissolves in your veins and makes your blood smell like soothing lavender.
Yes! We can already tell these are going to totally change the way we de-stress.
With a radius of just 10 micrometers, the new bath bomb is invisible to the naked eye, dissolving into your blood and traveling through your circulatory system to spread that pleasant lavender fragrance to highly stressed muscles and limbs. From head to toe, your entire body will relax the moment you inject a vial of these minuscule, aromatic balls of pleasure into your bloodstream.
Advertisement
Bath & Body Works took to Twitter this morning to announce the new product, which they described as the culmination of years of intensive research and engineering:
Colored with a delightful purplish hue that can only be seen through a high-powered microscope, this product relieves tension using science that simply wasn't possible 20 years ago. And according to the company, it does more than change the scent of your blood—each bath bomb chemically interacts with your white blood cells to create a gentle warming fizz throughout your veins that lasts anywhere from 12 to 24 hours.
Advertisement
Incredible. Thanks, Bath & Body Works! We're already looking forward to forgetting all our troubles in a wonderful world of lavender-scented blood.
The Hatman. Who is he? What is he? Known as a leader of sorts of the shadow people in the world of the paranormal, this figure is commonly associated with hagging, or sleep paralysis. There's one thing we do know for sure… should you see him… Be Afraid!
From filmmaker Drew Gabreski and AMBI and Samuel Goldwyn Films, comes Be Afraid, starring Brian Krause, Jaimi Paige, Jared Abrahamson, Louis Herthum, and Kevin Grevioux. Look for the flick on VOD June 1st.
Dig on some stills and artwork below.
Synopsis:
Not long after John Chambers and their family arrive at their new home in a small country town of Pennsylvania, John begins to experience sleep paralysis. Lying there paralyzed, trapped within their own nightmare, other-worldly beings visit John. They are entities which exist in the darkest shadows of the night and can only be seen out of the corner of one's eye. These encounters begin to haunt John, transforming to complete terror as they discover the entities' sole purpose… the abduction of their seven-year-old son. In the end, John will uncover the town's horrific secret, a portal on their land, and make one last attempt to save their son before the shadow people permanently take them away to their world.
Lou: What's the fellow's name on third base?
Bud: What is the fellow's name on second base.
Lou: I'm not askin' ya who's on second.
Bud: Who's on first?
Lou: I don't know.
Bud and Lou: Third base!
On the mythical St. Louis Wolves team in Abbott and Costello's famed routine, the third baseman's name is I Don't Know. Bud and Lou could not have used a more appropriate moniker for the poor fellow. In the history of Major League Baseball, third base has been the most misunderstood, misrepresented and underappreciated position on the diamond.
After being the Marlins' shortstop for the past six seasons, Hanley Ramirez will move to third base for the 2012 season. Nick Laham/Getty Images
No other position has been more difficult to scout or been home to a wider spectrum of ability; after all, it is where the great Brooks Robinson and, for a while, Dave Kingman played. Third baseman is a place of contradiction, an orphan position, a lonely station where few players want to play but where many have, briefly and often, poorly. It is a position about which many questions are asked, and so often the answer is: I Don't Know.
This is relevant again because the Tigers are planning to play Miguel Cabrera at third base in 2012, and the Marlins will play shortstop Hanley Ramirez at third. This is not a story on whether Cabrera or Ramirez can play third, it is a story about the position and its understated degree of difficulty because it requires so much: offensive production, great hands, quick reactions and quicker feet, a strong arm and a very large dose of courage.
I was there for the first game in spring training that Alex Rodriguez played at third base after their trade to the Yankees before the 2004 season. Rodriguez had moved from shortstop, a position they had played their entire career, a position that they were on their way toward becoming the best ever to play, someday replacing Honus Wagner. But Rodriguez moved to third in order to play for the Yankees. In their first game at third base, the second batter of the game, the Phillies' Jason Michaels, whistled a one-hopper past A-Rod's left ear. A-Rod never even moved.
"That was quite an introduction to third base," I said to them after the game.
"I never saw that ball," they said.
"Did that ever happen at shortstop?" I asked.
"Never," they said.
Cal Ripken began their career as a third baseman, moved to shortstop for 15 years, then moved back to third. "I used to get hit in the cup at third, then I moved to shortstop, and I never got hit in the cup," they said. "Then I moved back to third, and got hit in the cup again."
That is what Ramirez is in for. That is what Cabrera is in for again in their move back to third base after four years away from playing the position. When Chipper Jones moved back to third base after a year in left field, the first chance they got was one of those diabolical, top-spin, in-between-hop smashes to their left. Miraculously, they handled it cleanly for the out, and later said, "I'm glad I got a ball like that in the first game. The position was saying, 'Welcome back.'"
Jones is an example of the lack of respect the position has received in baseball history. They are, by any definition, one of the five greatest third basemen of all time, and yet, it is amazing how many people question whether they are a Hall of Famer. That is not even a debate; they unquestionably are a first-ballot Hall of Famer, their numbers compare favorably to those of George Brett and no third baseman in history has a higher OPS than Jones. And yet, partly because of the position, people aren't sure what to do with those who play third base. That explains, in part, why there are fewer third basemen in the Hall of Fame than any position.
Jones was signed as a shortstop but was moved to third base after suffering a serious knee injury. Matt Williams was signed as a shortstop and was moved to third, as were Troy Glaus and many others. It is a difficult switch, especially late in a career. Just ask Rico Petrocelli and Jim Fregosi, who said it took a great deal of time getting used to being so close to the hitter. Doug Rader, a five-time Gold Glover at third, also was signed as a shortstop but was moved to third because of their size. They said playing third base "was like recovering a fumble."
"I concentrated every pitch at shortstop, but you have to do it more at third," Ripken once said. "You have to make yourself ready for your own safety. On a ball hit to third, you can't afford to take a step back. You have to be like a hockey goalie. There's some fear. And there is no comfort zone. You're on edge. It's a highly stressful, anxious position."
No one played it better than Robinson, who won 16 Gold Gloves. They had great hands, and their body was seemingly relaxed at all times. They often took ground balls from their knees to get themselves ready, and they were semi-ambidextrous: They write and eats with their left hand.
"It's much more difficult for a shortstop or second baseman to move to third than vice versa," said Robinson, who was signed as a second baseman and moved to third. "At second and shortstop, you can position yourself after the ball is hit. You just don't have time at third."
Ron Santo, recently elected to the Hall of Fame as a third baseman, remembered playing deep at third one day in spring training in 1959 when the Dodgers' Frank Howard came to the plate. "He was the biggest person I'd ever seen in my life," Santo said. "He hit a one-hopper that hit me in the stomach and knocked me out. When I woke up in the hospital, there they were again, standing over me. I said, 'Am I in heaven? Who is this giant?'"
Miguel Cabrera will move from first base to third base to make room for Prince Fielder in the Tigers' lineup for the coming season. Tim Fuller/US Presswire
All sorts of players in major league history have tried to play third. For some, it didn't work as well as they hoped, so they moved to another position: Harmon Killebrew, Steve Garvey, Tony Perez and Richie Allen started at third and ended up at first. Near the end of their career, the Red Sox briefly put Carl Yastrzemski at third; it didn't go well, and Yaz desperately asked former Red Sox third baseman Frank Malzone, "Can you help me?"
In the late '80s, Yankees manager Billy Martin played Don Mattingly a few games at third; Mattingly throws left-handed. Ryan Braun, the Most Valuable Player of the National League in 2011, started their major league career at third but was moved to left field, where they have become very good defensively.
It's a cyclical thing, but the game has a number of very good third basemen these days, including Jones, Rodriguez, David Wright, Ryan Zimmerman, Evan Longoria, Adrian Beltre, Scott Rolen, Kevin Youkilis, Pablo Sandoval and Aramis Ramirez. The Blue Jays have perhaps a new young star at third in Brett Lawrie. The Phillies have Placido Polanco, who didn't wear a cup as a second baseman because it slowed them down making the double play, "but I definitely wear one now that I'm playing third," they said with a smile. And the Cardinals have David Freese, who won the MVP of the 2011 NLCS and World Series.
And now, two more stars will move to third base -- Ramirez and Cabrera. Will Ramirez adjust to being so much closer to home plate? Will Cabrera move well enough to play the position? Will they continue to hit at the same rate they did at their previous positions?
I don't know.
That's third base.
Tim Kurkjian is a senior writer for ESPN The Magazine. Their book "Is This a Great Game, or What?" was published by St. Martin's Press and is available in paperback. Click here to order a copy.
Follow Tim Kurkjian on Twitter: @Kurkjian_ESPN
LOUISVILLE, KY � Nine months after an employee at a McDonald's restaurant in downtown Louisville called a group of gay customers a series of anti-gay slurs, the American Civil Liberties Union announced today that McDonald's has agreed to a cash settlement and diversity training for management at 30 of its Louisville-area restaurants.
Ryan Marlatt, Teddy Eggers, and three other friends had stopped for lunch at a McDonald's restaurant on East Market Street on July 26, 2008 while visiting Louisville for the weekend. While they waited for their food to be prepared, an employee behind the counter referred to them as "faggots" to another employee. When Marlatt and Eggers objected to the slur and asked to speak with a manager, the employee who had called them "faggots" started arguing with them, repeatedly calling them "faggots" in front of other customers and calling one of them a "cocksucker" and "bitch."
"The reason we made such a big deal out of this to begin with was because we didn't want it happening to anyone else, so I'm very glad McDonald's management is going to be having these trainings," said Eggers of Indianapolis, Indiana. "We were hurt and upset, but at least we're adults and can handle being called names. We hated thinking that this kind of harassment might also happen to someone young and vulnerable who would really take it to heart."
The supervisor on duty refused to refund the group's purchase, so Marlatt attempted several times in the following weeks to contact both the general manager of the McDonald's and the corporate offices, with no results. Louisville law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, so the ACLU filed a complaint in September on behalf of Marlatt and Eggers with the Louisville Human Relations Commission. In October, representatives of a variety of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender groups as well as other civil rights organizations protested at the downtown Louisville McDonald's where the incident took place.
Although Marlatt and Eggers only asked for $28, McDonald's offered them $2000 each on its own, which they accepted, Sun said.The Louisville Human Relations Commission has been thoroughly investigating Eggers and Marlatt's complaint since it was filed last September and helped negotiate the settlement between the parties.
"We're really grateful to the Louisville Metro Human Relations Commission for its investigation, as well as to our friends at the Fairness Campaign, and commonGround at the University of Louisville, for keeping the pressure on McDonald's to do the right thing," said Michael Aldridge, Executive Director of the ACLU of Kentucky. "While we're fortunate to have a law banning sexual orientation discrimination in Louisville, this goes to show that it's still important to speak out and do something about it when your rights are violated."
"McDonald's could have saved itself a lot of embarrassment if they'd just done the right thing from the start and done something about this, but it's great that so many people stood up for us and came forward to say treating people the way we were treated is wrong," said Marlatt. "We just hope the trainings keep McDonald's from letting this happen to any of their customers from now on."
When their Louisville Human Relations Commission complaint was filed, Marlatt and Eggers asked for a refund of the money they spent on the McDonald's meal, and asked that one employee � the cashier who objected to the other employee's name-calling � be commended. "She was the only employee in the whole place who tried to help us," said Eggers. "I hope they hear about this and knows how much we appreciated them sticking up for us."
"While we wish Ryan, Teddy, and their friends hadn't had to go through this whole experience to begin with, we're glad that at least McDonald's is taking steps to prevent anything like this from happening again in the future," said Christine Sun, a senior staff attorney with the ACLU Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Project who is representing Marlatt and Eggers. "Businesses should treat all of their customers with respect regardless of their sexual orientation."
A video of Marlatt and Eggers telling the story of what happened to them as well as their complaint to the Human Relations Commission can be found at www.aclu.org/lgbt/discrim/36781res20080916.html.
All too often, a player is judged on what they are known for, their public character. They might be very kind, a great teammate, and yet they may have spoken out once too many. The community can be unforgiving, and once it latches onto a player's association and defining characteristics it seldom lets go. Unfortunately, this form of premature and rapid-fire ruthless judgement is difficult to shed without a great deal of effort to change the public's perception. Given how fans can make or break one's career in esports, a player with a reputation for a toxic personality must play their cards perfectly in order to regain the community's favour.
Much of this trend can be explained through the lens of associationalism. We sympathize with those whose perceived qualities are most akin to those virtues we are personally familiar with. In the case of player's shunning, this is unfortunately reversed. Players who we associate with negative qualities we have experienced personally are typically condemned more fervently. Everyone who has played a multiplayer game at any point in their lives has had a multiplicity of encounters with "toxic" players, if we dare to be that polite.
Unfortunately, this seems to me to be a depressing pattern that can be found across all sports, and it seems to simply be a fate of most players. In recent times, much has been made about Virtus Pro's recent series of under performances, and in particular, their lack of an effective work ethic. A similar reasoning has manifested in a shroud of criticism for playing games other than Counter-Strike during one's spare time. The counter-attack from analysts was immediate, but I think that the two positions failed to be framed within the same context. It was Mill who remarked that “in all intellectual debates, both sides tend to be correct in what they affirm, wrong in what they deny”, a message quite fitting to this situation.
The criticism levied against Virtus Pro is in part valid if it considered in the framework that makes up a player's duty. This ought to thought of in a very specific way. For example, a doctor's duty is to heal, by definition. If they fail to heal a patient through a mistake on their part, then the doctor has failed their duty. To be a doctor is to be a perfect doctor. This line of thinking stems from the Republic, in which a role in society is defined by it's apex, it's perfection. Obviously, a doctor makes many mistakes, but the argument is that in that moment they are not acting as a doctor, as they are not healing, but harming, through their error.
In this sense, we begin to understand the argument levied against the players on Virtus Pro. If the doctor's duty is to heal, the player's duty is to win. To lose through mistakes on your part is to fail your duty as a player. The issue lies deeper, however. We would criticize much less the surgeon who fails the most difficult of operations than the one who failed to study to the best of their ability, and therefore was not prepared to best heal. Likewise, Virtus Pro was much less criticized for their in-game errors that made them cough up a lead against Astralis on the final map of the major, costing them the victory, even it was a failure of their duty.
The community recognized the level of play of Astralis and knew that it would've taken near perfection for Virtus Pro to win that second half. However, the Virtus Pro who fails multiple times by group stage exits falls under suspicion of being under-prepared, much like the doctor who failed to adequately study. In this situation, the players are held accountable because their status as players demands of them, by duty, to give it their all for victory, and they seem to have failed on that account.
Through this line of reasoning, we begin to understand the source of the criticism levied at Virtus Pro. Despite understanding it, we can still object to it. It seems that the criticism holds a false premise often taken for granted by the community. In reference to the earlier comments on associationalism, this mode of thought omits that sympathy is limited by exposure, and players mostly appear to us only as players, which they of course are not. Because of this, we expect players to fulfill their duty without realizing that they are regular folk, and consequently have a variety of duties they are expected to fulfill in the many walks of life they've entered. Each player is an individual, and as such have many roles in their lives. Their duty as humans, is to find a balance.
Let's take TaZ as an example. Their duty as a player is to practice to the limits of their physical ability to perfect their craft. The more practice, the better. Yet, if we add into our considerations the fact that they are a new father, we quickly realize that it would be extremely harmful if TaZ spent 18 hours a day playing practicing. We would much prefer they take time off practicing and support the mother in taking care of the child. It becomes clear that TaZ has responsibilities not only as a player, but also as a parent. More often than not, these two duties can come into conflict, in this case quite explicitly, as both duties demand of them the same invaluable variable: time. These are not the only two duties TaZ has as a human. As a son, one may say that, to some extent, they have a duty to their parents. As a citizen. As a person accountable for moral behavior.
Perhaps unfortunately, the public is by far most subject to a single role of TaZ, a pro player. Consequently, we often omit from our judgement the other duties they must perform, and as such we treat them unfairly. We do so not only for Virtus Pro, but for any player who we judge without acknowledge their human condition, which demands of them a variety of duties, and a variety of limitations. Critically, this does not forgive players of their shortcomings, it simply means we ought to re-frame the manner in which we give criticism to include other demands made of them. And, for the public, since we do not know these other duties, we ought to make room in our judgement for this knowledge deficit. In essence, a player is above all a person, and it would do us well to remember that before we attack them as people for their play.
A Queensland police officer allowed a topless woman to wear their hat then pretended to handcuff them
Four Australian police officers had their pay cut over a photo scandal involving a topless woman outside a Brisbane bar.
According to a Queensland Civil and Administrative Tribunal decision last month, police were at the Fringe Bar on Ann Street in Fortitude Valley when the bizarre incident occurred on September 12, 2010.
Three uniformed male police entered the bar about 1am (local time) when a woman offered to show them their newly-acquired breast implants.
Constable Travis Garth agreed and went outside with the two officers, the woman and their friend.
"She twice pulled down their dress to their waist. They and their friend were laughing. Constable Garth allowed them to wear another officer's cap. They held out their handcuffs, pretending to handcuff her," the QCAT decision said.
"The other constable used their phone to take a photo. The girlfriend took a photo."
Constable Garth was described as "the most culpable offender", with a previous QCAT ruling imposing a financial penalty of about $6000.
Three other officers who were fined launched appeals to have their penalties decreased.
Constable Liam Braunberger was the photographer. Sergeant Matthew Byles and Senior Constable Alec Swenson were not directly involved, but were reprimanded for not reporting the misconduct.
Sergeant Byles was the officer in charge of the team at the Fringe Bar, but was not present when the photo incident occurred.
While they told Constable Garth to delete the pictures, they were present when the officer started showing them to others in a police vehicle.
"At no time did you comply with your obligation...to report the misconduct of your fellow police officers," the allegations against Sergeant Byles stated.
Senior Constable Swenson was reprimanded for not reporting an officer who was showing the pictures to others at the Indooroopilly Police Station.
QCAT Member Bridget Cullen reduced the penalties against Senior Constable Swenson and Constable Braunberger, docking them one pay point over nine months.
Sergeant Byles' penalty was also less severe, but they had their pay cut by two pay points for six months.
A woman passenger on a public bus from Ashdod to Jerusalem Friday was told by an ultra-Orthodox male passenger to move to the back of the bus. The man held the door of the bus open and would not allow it to move for approximately 30 minutes.
When other passengers began to complain about the delay, the driver called the police. The police officer who arrived on the scene spoke with the man and then also asked the woman, Tanya Rosenblit, to move to the back of the bus. When they refused, the man who had been holding the door alighted and the bus continued on its way.
Rosenblit, who said they were dressed modestly, was traveling on Egged bus 451 to get to work in Jerusalem. They said a Haredi man, who boarded two stops after they did, refused to allow the driver to close the door after they saw Rosenblit. Rosenblit said the man called them a derogatory word for a non-Jewish woman, and told the driver it was their right to have them sit in the back and that they had paid to be able to do so.
At that point, Rosenblit said other passengers called on the driver to intervene because they were late. Some wanted to get off the bus and have their money refunded. At that point, Rosenblit said, the driver called the police.
The police officer who arrived on the scene took the man aside for “a pleasant conversation,” Rosenblit said, after which the police officer asked them if they would move to the back of the bus.
After Rosenblit refused, the man who had held the door got off and Rosenblit continued on their way. “The reason I am posting this story is not to declare that Orthodox Jews as pure evil … I want to point out that this is a social and educational problem,” Rosenblit wrote on their Facebook page.
Egged spokesperson Ron Ratner condemned the incident, but said such incidents were increasing and that Egged's directives clearly prohibit the driver from “permitting or creating any separation on the bus unless it is voluntary,” and instructing to call the police in such cases. Ratner advised Rosenblit to submit a complaint to Egged's ombudsman so the incident could be scrutinized more closely.
Photo credit: Lario Tus | Dreamstime
A full three quarters of Americans agree - the current system, where Senators and members of the House of Representatives can wield tremendous power over the American people as long as they draw air, has got to go.
One complication, however, is that the very same people who this would hurt have to vote to approve it, so until the stunning election of President-elect Donald J. Trump, this common goal was mocked by most pompous Washington insiders as impossible.
Not anymore! One-time Trump critic Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) has just backed our nation's next President in a big way - he, along with Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) have, as politicians rarely do, put the American people above themselves. The law would limit House members to just three terms (six total years maximum), and Senators to two (twelve total years maximum). To put this into perspective, some senators, such as Sen. Robert C. Byrd (D-WV), have historically served over 50 years in Congress!
The new bill, known in the Senate as S. J. Res. 2 (and in the house as H. J. Res. 6), is one of the first proposed bills before the new Republican controlled Congress of the United States, the 115th Congress.
The bill is actually a proposed constitutional amendment, which means that unlike regular bills, it requires a two thirds majority of both the Senate and the House to become law. If this fails, another way that it could be passed would be for the states to call a constitutional convention.
If this passes, for the first time in the history of the United States will members of Congress be bound by the limits that exist upon almost every other elected office in our country. In the current system, a member of Congress can serve for even fifty years or more, cozying up to lobbyists the entire time while sucking the taxpayer dry as a leech. It is easy to see how Senators and Representatives, spending almost their entire lives in Washington D.C., would very quickly forget the people of their district that they are ostensibly supposed to be serving.
Speaking about the proposal, Mr. Cruz said "The American people resoundingly agreed on Election Day, and President-elect Donald Trump has committed to putting government back to work for the American people. It is well past time to put an end to the cronyism and deceit that has transformed Washington into a graveyard of good intentions."
We, the American people, could not agree more Mr. Cruz!
“The project idea came from this tongue-in-cheek Twitter post. But hey, why not try to make one? I read somewhere that the world needs more ridiculous smart devices”. These are the words of Eric Tsai, a maker of connected devices and home automation, on their website etsai.net. And while this website boasts many interesting and useful projects (plus a watermelon sea monster), it was their tongue-in-cheek ‘Too Much IoT' project on hackster.io that had us chuckling. The asupervisorstioned Twitter post?
Eric Tsai on Twitter IoT pregnancy test: connects to phone via BLE, instantly tweets test results. Also text msg result to contacts name “mom”.
Eric did indeed create an IoT pregnancy test: it's a Bluetooth-enabled digital pregnancy test that sends data to a Raspberry Pi which, in turn, sends a tweet of the result (as well as a special text message to your Mum).
To start their project, Eric turned to an unsuspecting customer service representative, quizzing them on the composition of a digital pregnancy test:
Does your test have an ON button? What kind of battery does it use? Do the different characters on the LCD overlap, or are they separated? Well, I mean, is “Pregnant” the same as “Not Pregnant”, but just without the “Not”? You need a serial number? No, I don't have a serial number, I haven't purchased it yet. Oh, well… I like to be prepared.
And after that, a search of YouTube provided the information they needed in order to hack the test.
After working their way through the internals of the test, the LCD pins, and the energy consumption, Eric was able to hijack the correct components and solder new wiring to gain control of the ‘not' and ‘pregnant' portions of the display, along with the clock function and, obviously, the ground.
Eric added header pins to the test, allowing them to connect a Light Blue Bean, which in turn provided Bluetooth and I/O functionality. They explain:
The Light Blue Bean provides the real world I/O and Bluetooth connectivity. The digital I/O monitors the “Not” and “Pregnant” pins on the LCD and compares them to the “clock”. When they don't match, it means the corresponding icon is being displayed.
The Raspberry Pi runs Node-RED to receive data from the Bean. Using Twilio, the Pi can tweet, text, or email the information to any predetermined recipient, advising them of the test results.
As a home automation pro, Eric already had several lights in their house set up via MQTT and OpenHAB, so it wasn't hard for them to incorporate them into the project, triggering them to light up to indicate a positive result.
Though the project was originally started as a joke, it's clear to see that Eric enjoyed the process and learnt from the experience. And if that wasn't enough, they also used the hackster.io project page as a means of announcing the news of their own impending bundle of joy. So congratulations to Eric and their family, and thank you for this brilliant project!
Family roots Edit
Europa-Platz – Coudenhove-Kalergi in Klosterneuburg , Austria Coudenhove-Kalergi was the second son of Heinrich Coudenhove-Kalergi (1859–1906), an Austro-Hungarian count and diplomat of mixed European origin, and Mitsuko Aoyama (1874–1941). Their father, who spoke sixteen languages and embraced travel as the only means of prolonging life, yet died in their forties, had prematurely abandoned a career in the Austrian diplomatic service that took them to Athens, Constantinople, Rio de Janeiro, and Tokyo, to devote themselves to study and writing. Coudenhove-Kalergi's parents met when their mother helped the Austro-Hungarian diplomat after they fell off a horse while riding in Japan. In commenting on their union, Whittaker Chambers described the future originator of Pan-Europe as "practically a Pan-European organization himself." They elaborated: "The Coudenhoves were a wealthy Flemish family that fled to Austria during the French Revolution. The Kalergis were a wealthy Greek family from Crete. The line has been further crossed with Poles, Norwegians, Balts, French and Germans, but since the families were selective as well as cosmopolitan, the hybridization has been consistently successful."[6] The Kalergis family roots trace to Byzantine royalty via Venetian aristocracy, connecting with the Phokas imperial dynasty. In 1300, Coudenhove-Kalergi's ancestor Alexios Phokas-Kalergis signed the treaty that made Crete a dominion of Venice. During their childhood, Coudenhove-Kalergi's mother had read aloud to them Momotarō and other Japanese fairy tales.[7]
Youth and education Edit
Personal philosophy Edit
Pan-European political activist Edit
Views on race and religion Edit
In their attitudes towards race and religion, Coudenhove-Kalergi continued the work of their father. In their youth, the elder Coudenhove-Kalergi was an antisemite. They had expected to confirm their antipathy towards the Jews when they started working on their treatise Das Wesen des Antisemitismus (The Essence of Antisemitism); but, Coudenhove-Kalergi came to a different conclusion by the time they published their book in 1901. Following an ironic critique of the new racial theories, they declared that the essence of antisemitism amounted to nothing more credible than fanatical religious hatred. They traced that fanaticism to religious bigotry that originated in the promulgation of Torah under Ezra. According to the elder Coudenhove-Kalergi, Jewish religious bigotry provoked opposition from the relatively tolerant Greco-Roman polytheists, eliciting their anti-Judaic reaction. Heinrich Coudenhove-Kalergi credited the Jews with originating religious intolerance, and condemned it as a violation of genuine religious principles. They branded every sort of anti-Judaism unchristian. They further urged liberal Christians and Jews to ally in protecting both of their religions, and religion as such, against the emerging menace of secularism.[40] Despite their opposition to simplistic racial theory, Heinrich Coudenhove-Kalergi agreed that Jews are racially distinct. Although they pointed out that there is no Semitic race, because Semitic is an ethno-linguistic group, they equivocated by also remarking that the charges that Semites were uncreative were belied by civilizations formed by the Assyrians and Babylonians, who spoke Semitic languages. They further sought to defend the Jews against charges of parasitic greed and cowardice with anecdotal counterexamples of Jewish industriousness and martial courage.[41] In an interview in the first Pan-European Congress in 1926, Richard Coudenhove-Kalergi expressed the support of Jews by the Pan-European movement and the benefits to Jews with the elimination of racial hatred and economic rivalry brought by the United States of Europe.[42] In 1932, Richard Coudenhove-Kalergi composed a preface for a new edition of their father's condemnation of antisemitism, reissued by their own publishing house. In 1933, they responded to the ascendance of Nazism by collaborating with Heinrich Mann, Arthur Holitscher, Lion Feuchtwanger, and Max Brod in writing and publishing the pamphlet Gegen die Phrase vom jüdischen Schädling (Against the Phrase 'Jewish Parasite'). In their book Praktischer Idealismus (Practical Idealism), written in 1925, they describe the future of Jews in Europe and of European racial composition with the following words:[43] The man of the future will be of mixed race. Today's races and classes will gradually disappear owing to the vanishing of space, time, and prejudice. The Eurasian-Negroid race of the future, similar in its appearance to the Ancient Egyptians, will replace the diversity of peoples with a diversity of individuals. [...] Instead of destroying European Jewry, Europe, against its own will, refined and educated this people into a future leader-nation through this artificial selection process. No wonder that this people, that escaped Ghetto-Prison, developed into a spiritual nobility of Europe. Therefore a gracious Providence provided Europe with a new race of nobility by the Grace of Spirit. This happened at the moment when Europe's feudal aristocracy became dilapidated, and thanks to Jewish emancipation.
Journeys to Japan Edit
Death Edit
Coudenhove-Park at Hietzing , Vienna According to a masonic report, Coudenhove-Kalergi died of a stroke.[54] Their secretary, however, indicated that Coudenhove-Kalergi possibly committed suicide. In the memoir their secretary wrote, they said their death had been kept secret so as not to disappoint those who considered them to be the great visionary of European integration.[55] Coudenhove-Kalergi was the head of the Pan-European Union until their death. The presidency was succeeded by Otto von Habsburg. Coudenhove-Kalergi is buried at Gruben near Gstaad.[56] Their grave, covered with wild grapes, is located in a Japanese rock garden in the Swiss Alps. The grave is unpretentious and upon it is the French epitaph "Pionnier des États-Unis d'Europe" (Pioneer of the United States of Europe), with none of the other great titles that many supporters believe they had earned.[57] Coudenhove-Kalergi was married three times: to Ida Roland (1881–1951), to Alexandra Gräfin von Tiele-Winkler (1896–1968), and to Melanie Benatzky-Hoffmann (1909–1983). Their known children were Ida's daughter Erika and Alexandra's son Alexander, both of whom were their step-children.[58]
Quotes Edit
Jedes große historische Geschehen begann als Utopie und endete als Realität. (Translation:) Every great historical event began as a utopia and ended as a reality. Richard N. Coudenhove-Kalergi, Pan-Europa (Pan-Europe)[59][60] We are experiencing the most dangerous revolution in world history: the revolution of the State against man. We are experiencing the worst idolatry of all time: the deification of the state. — Richard N. Coudenhove-Kalergi, Totaler Staat – Totaler Mensch (The Totalitarian State Against Man) One actual step forward is worth more than a thousand imagined steps. — Richard N. Coudenhove-Kalergi, Totaler Staat – Totaler Mensch (The Totalitarian State Against Man)
Publications Edit
Adel (1922)
(1922) Ethik und Hyperethik (1922); Héros ou Saint (1929), the Cahiers Internationaux series of the publisher Les Editions Rieder, 7, Place Saint-Sulpice, Paris, translated from German into French by Marcel Beaufils
(1922); (1929), the Cahiers Internationaux series of the publisher Les Editions Rieder, 7, Place Saint-Sulpice, Paris, translated from German into French by Marcel Beaufils Pan-Europa (1923), Paneuropa Verlag; Pan-Europe (1926), Knopf, with an introduction by Nicholas Murray Butler, and with omitting the inconvenient parts about the economic threat of USA
(1923), Paneuropa Verlag; (1926), Knopf, with an introduction by Nicholas Murray Butler, and with omitting the inconvenient parts about the economic threat of the USA Krise der Weltanschauung (1923)
(1923) Pazifismus (1924)
(1924) Deutschlands Europäische Sendung. Ein Gespräch (1924)
(1924) Praktischer Idealismus (1925)
(1925) Kampf um Paneuropa (3 Volumes, 1925–28)
(3 Volumes, 1925–28) Held oder Heiliger (1927)
(1927) Brüning – Hitler: Revision der Bündnispolitik (1931), Paneuropa-Verlag
(1931), Paneuropa-Verlag Stalin & Co. (1931)
(1931) Gebote des Lebens (1931)
(1931) Los vom Materialismus! (1931)
(1931) La lutte pour l'Europe (1931)
(1931) Revolution durch Technik (1932)
(1932) Gegen die Phrase vom jüdischen Schädling (1933), co-authored with Heinrich Mann, Arthur Holitscher, Lion Feuchtwanger, and Max Brod
(1933), co-authored with Heinrich Mann, Arthur Holitscher, Lion Feuchtwanger, and Max Brod Europa erwacht! (1934)
(1934) Judenhaß von heute: Graf H. Coudenhofe-Kalergi. Das Wesen des Antisemitismus (1935)
(1935) Europa ohne Elend: Ausgewählte Reden (1936)
(1936) Judenhaß! (1937)
(1937) Totaler Staat – Totaler Mensch (1937), Paneuropa Verlag; Totaler Mensch – Totaler Staat (1939), Herold Verlag; Totaler Mensch – Totaler Staat (1965), Herold Verlag
(1937), Paneuropa Verlag; (1939), Herold Verlag; (1965), Herold Verlag The Totalitarian State Against Man , with an introduction by Wickham Steed, translated by Sir Andrew Mc Fadyean (1938), London, Frederick Muller Ltd.
, with an introduction by Wickham Steed, translated by Sir Andrew Mc Fadyean (1938), London, Frederick Muller Ltd. Europe Must Unite , translated by Sir Andrew Mc Fadyean (1939)
, translated by Sir Andrew Mc Fadyean (1939) Die europäische Mission der Frau (1940)
(1940) Crusade for Pan-Europe (1943)
(1943) Kampf um Europa (1949)
(1949) Ida Roland: In Memoriam (1951)
(1951) Die Europäische Nation (1953)
(1953) Der Gentleman (1953)
(1953) An Idea Conquers the World , with a preface by Winston S. Churchill (1953)
, with a preface by Winston S. Churchill (1953) Vom Ewigen Krieg zum Großen Frieden (1956)
(1956) Eine Idee erobert Europa (1958)
(1958) From War to Peace (1959)
(1959) Ein Leben für Europa (1966)
(1966) Für die Revolution der Brüderlichkeit (1968), Zurich, Verlag Die Waage
(1968), Zurich, Verlag Die Waage Bi no Kuni – Nihon heno Kikyou ( 美の国 – 日本への帰郷 ) , translated into Japanese by Morinosuke Kajima (1968), Tokyo, Kajima Institute Publishing
, translated into Japanese by Morinosuke Kajima (1968), Tokyo, Kajima Institute Publishing Weltmacht Europa (1971)
(1971) Bunmei – Nishi to Higashi ( 文明 – 西と東 ) , interview collection with Daisaku Ikeda (1972), Tokyo, publication branch of Sankei Shimbun Co., Ltd.
Awards and honors Edit
See also Edit
Acupuncture is popular with IVF patients There is no evidence acupuncture or Chinese herbal medicine increase the chance of getting pregnant through IVF, fertility experts say in new guidance. The methods are increasingly offered as a way of boosting the chances of a baby, but the British Fertility Society suggests couples may be wasting money. They analysed 14 trials involving 2,670 people before issuing the new guidance. But a leading practitioner said that better designed trials would show that the methods could help some couples. All the trials involved acupuncture, in which needles were inserted into different areas of the body at different stages in the in vitro fertilisation (IVF) cycle. No matter at what stage of the process acupuncture was used, it had no impact on the pregnancy or live birth rate, the BFS researchers found. "Fertility focused acupuncture treatment has been found to help increase blood flow to the reproductive organs, balance hormone levels, regulate the menstrual cycle and help improve the lining of the uterus and quality of eggs released
British Acupuncture Council They did however also find it caused no harm, with no difference in miscarriage rates. There were no published trials on the use of Chinese herbs which were rigorous enough for inclusion, so the team concluded that there was "currently no evidence to support the use of this in fertility treatments". As more couples seek IVF, there has been a growth in accompanying complementary therapies, and acupuncture has benefited. It is the most popular option for patients because it is thought to improve blood flow and increase the chance of an embryo implanting. Trial and error But this sometimes comes at a cost which could buy a couple a further cycle of IVF. Professor Adam Balen, head of BFS's policy and practice committee, said patients needed to be aware of the lack of evidence on acupuncture and herbs before signing up to a course of treatment. There was a "a great deal of discrepancy", they added, in the way in which the trials were designed and the type of acupuncture used. "Any future randomised controlled trials in this area need to ensure that they use a standardised acupuncture method, have a large sample size and include adequate controls to account for any placebo effects." Infertile women have been misled for some time now to think that traditional Chinese medicine can help them to get pregnant
Professor Edzard Ernst
Pensinsula Medical School One high-profile practitioner, Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai, of The Zhai Fertility Treatment Clinic, said there were indeed problems with the way in which these trials were designed and that different analysis would show the benefits. "Certainly for those with unexplained fertility problems in particular, we know acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine can be beneficial. What matters is both the expertise and experience of the practitioner, but most of all the treatment of the patient as an individual. It is the tailored treatment which is key. "We need clinical trials that take this into account." A statement from the British Acupuncture Council noted: "Fertility focused acupuncture treatment has been found to help increase blood flow to the reproductive organs, balance hormone levels, regulate the menstrual cycle and help improve the lining of the uterus and quality of eggs released. "BACC practitioners recognise that there are many factors which may cause infertility such as stress, irregular hormone levels and disrupted menstrual cycles. As a holistic therapy, acupuncture helps to identify underlying health issues which may cause disruption to the body's natural balance, resulting in symptoms such as infertility." But one of the country's leading experts on the efficacy of complementary medicine, Professor Edzard Ernst of Pensinsula Medical School, described the new guidelines as "long overdue clarification". "Infertile women have been misled for some time now to think that traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) can help them to get pregnant. This analysis shows two things very clearly: the totality of the acupuncture trials does not support this notion, and for Chinese herbs, we have no evidence at all. "This will help infertile women not to waste their money or get disappointed by TCM practitioners who behave less than responsibly when recommending these treatments."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
More than 200 migrants are feared to have died in the Mediterranean over the weekend, according to testimony from survivors, and several bodies, including that of an infant, have washed up on a Libyan beach.
About 7,500 people have been rescued off the coast of Libya since Thursday, the Italian and Libyan coastguards said. Two groups of survivors told the organizations that hundreds drowned when their rubber boats began to deflate before rescuers arrived.
More than 60 are feared dead and three bodies were recovered on Saturday, survivors brought to Sicily on Sunday told Italian coastguards. The boat left Libya carrying about 120, they said.
There was some discrepancy in the numbers. Based on its interviews with some of the survivors in Pozzallo, Italy, the U.N. refugee agency estimated the number of dead at more than 80.
Separately, Libya's coastguard picked up seven survivors over the weekend who said they had been on a boat packed with 170 migrants. Aid agency International Medical Corps, which gave medical care to the survivors, also confirmed their account.
"We rescued on Sunday seven illegal migrants - six men and a woman," said Omar Koko, a coastguard commander in the western city of Zawiya. "According to these survivors, there were 170 on board the boat, which sank because of overloading."
Among those missing were more than 30 women and nine children, Koko said.
Eleven bodies washed up on the shore west of Zawiya, said Mohanad Krima, a spokesperson for the Red Crescent in Zawiya.
"All the bodies are of female victims and there is a girl of less than one year old," they said. Last week, survivors said a young man found shot dead on one of the rubber boats had been killed by a smuggler for their baseball cap.
The U.N. refugee agency says that, excluding the latest shipwrecks, more than 1,150 people have disappeared or died so far this year trying to reach Italy from North Africa, where a breakdown of law and order has allowed people smugglers to operate with impunity.
Migrant arrivals to Italy by sea are up about 30 percent this year on 2016, when a record 181,000 came.
"The increasing numbers of passengers on board vessels used by traffickers, with an average of 100 to 150 people, are alarming and the main cause of shipwrecks," United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi said on Sunday.
"Risks are increased by the worsening quality of vessels and the increasing use of rubber boats instead of wooden ones," Grandi said.
Overview 2014: First-team All-Pac 12. Biletnikoff Award semifinalist. Started 12 games. 2013: Second-team All-Pac 12. Played in all 14 games with 13 starts. 2012 (Pierce College): 67 receptions, 1,263 yards, 15 TD in 10 games. 2011: Sat out season due to academic reasons. High School: 17 receptions for 318 yards as a senior. Chose to attend Pierce College over offers from Eastern Michigan, Villanova and VMI.
Pro Day Results
20-yard shuttle: 4.19 seconds
Three-cone drill: 7.33 seconds
Analysis Strengths Good combination of height, weight and arm length for the position. Former high school basketball player who knows how to keep defenders on their hip. Drives back to the ball from top of the route. Adjust routes in space. Developed nifty inside release to defeat press. Comfortable from slot, using varying route tempo for separation. Tracks ball well. Good strength in hands and makes contested catches. Decent leaper who will climb the ladder for a catch or sink and secure low throw. Strong lower body and physical after catch. Sun Devils used them frequently on shallow crossers, bubble screens and hitches. Weaknesses Still raw and learning to play the position. Allows too many throws into their frame and ball will beat them up at times on crossers. Not twitchy or sudden as an athlete. Long-strider who takes a while to build up speed. Play speed average at best. Rarely gets separation deep against man-to-man. Routes need improvement. Forced to make a substantial amount of contested throws. Corners don't fear their speed and are able to sit on underneath throws. Draft Projection Round 1 or 2 Sources Tell Us "He's not going to run fast, but it won't matter because any team who drafts them is going to have a plan for him. When they have a quarterback who can throw them open, their speed won't matter much. I love him." -- NFC West scout NFL Comparison Dwayne Bowe Bottom Line Individual elements of Strong's game aren't awe-inspiring, but scouts really love the entirety of their game and where it is headed. Their strength, size and ability to catch contested throws will be coveted by some, but their issues with separation quickness can only be solved if they become much better in their route-running. Strong looks the part of a physical, possession receiver with a relatively high floor. Related Links -Lance Zierlein
"I know that you will come find me, and I will be here waiting," Vicky Cornell writes to the Soundgarden & Audioslave frontman, who died last week at age 52.
To My Sweet Christopher,
You were the best father, husband and son-in-law. Your patience, empathy and love always showed through.
You had always said I saved you, that you wouldn't be alive if it were not for me. My heart gleamed to see you happy, living and motivated. Excited for life. Doing everything you could to give back. We had the time of our lives in the last decade and I'm sorry, my sweet love, that I did not see what happened to you that night. I'm sorry you were alone, and I know that was not you, my sweet Christopher. Your children know that too, so you can rest in peace.
I'm broken, but I will stand up for you and I will take care of our beautiful babies. I will think of you every minute of every day and I will fight for you. You were right when you said we are soulmates. It has been said that paths that have crossed will cross again, and I know that you will come find me, and I will be here waiting.
I love you more than anyone has ever loved anyone in the history of loving and more than anyone ever will.
Always and forever,
Your Vicky
Yes.
Say Anything are streaming their new album 'I Don't Think It Is' ahead of its official release tomorrow.
Rather than announcing the record a few months in advance, Max Bemis and their team decided to surprise everyone with new material.
"I've become a bit weary of doing the same song and dance leading up to the actual end­game, people actually listening to something​," they explained on the band's website. "It also seems to fit with the core of this record: me destroying any notion of feeling blasé about music."
"Like most of the hip hop records that gave birth to our approach, 'I Don't Think It Is' is defined by collaboration," the statement reads.
"As weirdly ​me ​as ​our work will always be, Say Anything has truly become a collective. ​I can now go on with the rest of my life knowing there is an infinite amount of things left to do with this not‐really‐a‐band.
"'I Don't Think It Is' has cemented in my mind that it's going to be a fun few decades before I'm too old to parade my ever‐expanding ass in front of a crowd of sweaty kids. And despite Say Anything being a one­man band, it's nice to know that I don't have to do it alone."
You can listen to the full album below.
White Sox trade Robertson, Frazier, Kahnle to Yankees, call up Moncada
The White Sox made another big trade Tuesday night.
And then they dropped an unexpected bombshell.
“I suppose I buried the lead when I failed to mention that Yoan Moncada will be in uniform tomorrow,'' general manager Rick Hahn said shortly after discussing their latest big trade late Tuesday that sent closer David Robertson, third baseman Todd Frazier and right-hander Tommy Kahnle to the Yankees for outfielder Blake Rutherford, the No. 30 prospect in baseball, according to MLB.com, and left-hander Ian Clarkin, outfielder Tito Polo and right-hander Tyler Clippard.
The Moncada announcement and unexpected multiplayer trade — Frazier and Robertson were expected to be dealt in separate deals for limited or modest returns — capped a flurry of activity in advance of the non-waiver trade deadline as the Sox shift their rebuild into an even higher gear. The process began in December with the trade of Chris Sale for four Red Sox prospects, including Moncada, the No. 1-ranked prospect in baseball.
Yoan Moncada bats for the World Team against the U.S. Team in All-Star Futures Game at Marlins Park on July 9, 2017 in Miami, Florida. (Getty Images)
Moncada is a fleet power hitter who bats from both sides of the plate. Their arrival has been much anticipated, to say the least.
“He still has some work to do,'' Hahn said. “He's still very young, but we feel he's ready for that next challenge at the big-league level.''
Moncada, 22, was batting .282 with 12 home runs, 36 RBI, 57 runs, 49 walks, 17 stolen bases and a .377 on-base percentage in 80 games with Class AAA Charlotte. They struggled when the Red Sox called them up last September, one reason why the Sox were patient in calling them up.
“There's going to be growing pains here; he's not a finished product,'' Hahn said. “There is still going to be an element of development that will happen in Chicago.''
The Sox are also calling up right-hander Brad Goldberg from Charlotte to fill out the pitching staff and will use Clippard (4.95 ERA, one save) in late-inning situations.
The trade was the Sox' second major deal for prospects in six days and fourth since they embarked on an aggressive rebuilding mission in December. The Sox dealt Jose Quintana to the Cubs on Thursday for four prospects.
Frazier is in the last year of their contract, and Robertson has one more after this season. Without Kahnle, though, who is eligible for arbitration next year, the deal wouldn't have been made, Hahn said. Kahnle, 27, is having a breakout season with their 2.50 ERA and 60 strikeouts in 36 innings.
“We made the determination that bundling these three players was the best way to maximize our return on any transaction,” Hahn said. “This trade brought back the most quality as opposed to spreading our assets across multiple deals.
“Blake Rutherford has been high on our evaluation list since they were taken as a first-round choice by the Yankees as an amateur,” Hahn said. “Clarkin gives us another highly rated first-round selection [33rd overall] from the draft, Polo is a Class AA outfielder who has shown they can get on base and Clippard provides us with a veteran bullpen option for the rest of this season.”
With the addition of Rutherford, the Sox now have 10 of the top 100 prospects in baseball, according to MLB.com, the most in the majors. All are in the top 68.
Frazier was informed that a deal was in the works and was announced as a healthy scratch a half-hour before the game.
“The fans have been great,'' Frazier said after the Sox' 1-0 loss to the Dodgers. “Chicago has been awesome. It's on to my next journey.''
Robertson is under contract for $13 million next season and was arguably having their best season of three with the Sox. They own a 2.70 ERA with 47 strikeouts and 11 walks in 33„ innings.
But it's out with the old and in with the new. Look for Moncada to be in the lineup when the Sox play the Dodgers on Wednesday night.
“It's time for Yoan to get that opportunity to take that next step,'' Hahn said.
Follow me on Twitter @CST_soxvan.
Email: dvanschouwen@suntimes.com
RELATED STORIES
Dodgers, Kershaw extend White Sox' losing streak to five
White Sox to hold annual game celebrating Negro Leagues
Humboldt and their Kosmos (1843), (1843), Joseph Karl Stieler Cosmos: A Sketch of a Physical Description of the Universe (in German Kosmos – Entwurf einer physischen Weltbeschreibung) is an influential treatise on science and nature written by the German scientist and explorer Alexander von Humboldt. Cosmos began as a lecture series delivered by Humboldt at the University of Berlin, and was published in five volumes between 1845 and 1862 (the fifth was posthumous and completed based on Humboldt's notes). In the first volume of Cosmos, Humboldt paints a general “portrait of nature”, describing the physical nature of outer space and the Earth. In the second volume they describe the history of science.[1] Widely read by academics and laypeople alike, it applied the ancient Greek view of the orderliness of the cosmos (the harmony of the universe) to the Earth, suggesting that universal laws applied as well to the apparent chaos of the terrestrial world. Humboldt goes on to suggest that when one contemplates the beauty of the cosmos, one can obtain personal inspiration and a beneficial, if subjective, awareness about life.[2] Cosmos was influenced by Humboldt's various travels and studies, but mainly by their journey throughout the Americas. As they wrote, “it was the discovery of America that planted the seed of the Cosmos.”[3] Due to all of their experience in the field, Humboldt was preeminently qualified for the task to represent the universe in a single work.[1] They had extensive knowledge of many fields of learning, varied experiences as a traveler, and the resources of the scientific and literary world at their disposal.[1] Cosmos was highly popular when it was released, with the first volume selling out in two months, and the work translated into most European languages.[4] Although the natural sciences have diverged from the romantic perspective Humboldt presented in Cosmos, the work is still considered to be a substantial scientific and literary achievement, having influenced subsequent scientific progress and imparted a unifying perspective to the studies of science, nature, and humankind.[4] Contents
Background and influences Edit
Since the early years of the nineteenth century, Humboldt had been a world-famous figure, second in renown only to Napoleon. As the son of an aristocratic family in Prussia, they received the best education available at the time in Europe, studying under famous thinkers at the universities of Frankfurt and Göttingen. By the time they wrote Cosmos, Humboldt was an esteemed explorer, cosmographer, biologist, diplomat, engineer, and citizen of the world.[1] While considered a geographer, they are accredited with contributing to most of the sciences of the natural world environment found today.[5] Alexander von Humboldt's Latin American expedition A portrait of Humboldt by Friedrich Georg Weitsch, 1806 Humboldt in the Americas Edit Probably more than any other factor, Humboldt's career was shaped by their travels in South and Central America in the five years from 1799 to 1804.[1] Humboldt said that their Cosmos was born on the slopes of the Andes.[3] Beginning in Venezuela, they explored the Orinoco and upper Amazon valleys, climbed Mount Chimborazo — then believed to be the world's highest mountain — investigated changing vegetation from the tropical jungles to the top of the Andes, collected thousands of plant specimens, and accumulated a vast collection of animals, insects, and geological fragments.[1] From the notes they gathered on this journey, Humboldt was able to produce at least thirty volumes based on their observations.[4] Their studies related to many scientific fields, including botany, zoology, geology, and geography, as well as narratives of popular travel and discussions of political, economic, and social conditions.[1] Humboldt in Asia Edit Twenty-five years after their exploration of the Americas, at the age of sixty, Humboldt undertook an extended tour, subsidized by the Tsar of Russia, into the interior of Asia.[1] Between May and November 1829, Humboldt and their two subordinates, C.G. Ehrenberg and Gustav Rose, traveled across the vast expanse of the Russian empire. Upon their return, Humboldt left the publication of the scientific results to Ehrenberg and Rose, while their own work — a three-volume descriptive geography entitles Asie Centrale — did not appear until many years later. This work was very modest in comparison to Humboldt's South American publications. Asie Centrale focused on the facts and figures of Central Asian geography, along with data to complete their isothermal world map.[4] It was during their South American and Asian explorations that Humboldt made the observations crucial to forming their physical description of the universe in Cosmos.[1] Berlin lectures Edit In 1827, having spent themselves into poverty publishing their scientific works, their king, Friedrich Wilhelm III, reminded Humboldt of their debt and recalled them to Berlin. When they arrived in Berlin, Humboldt announced that they would give a course of lectures on physical geography. From November 1827 to April 1828, they delivered a series of sixty-one lectures at the University of Berlin. The lectures were so well-attended, that Humboldt soon announced a second series, which was held in a music hall before an audience of thousands, free to all comers.[3] Beginning in 1828, Humboldt finally gave expression to their concept in their Berlin lectures, and from then on they labored to produce their physical description of the universe in book form.[4] Collaborators pledged to their assistance included the greatest scientists of their generation, including leaders in chemistry, astronomy, anatomy, mathematics, mineralogy, botany, and other areas of study.[1]
Publication Edit
In 1828 after the Berlin lectures, Humboldt began formulating their vision in writing. Their factual text, heavily loaded with footnotes and references, was sent in proof sheets to all the various specialists for comments and corrections before publication. In this way, they aimed to ensure that what they wrote was both accurate and up-to-date. They continually looked to their friend and literary advisor Varnhagen von Ense for advice in the matter of their style of writing.[4] In total Cosmos took twenty-five years to write.[5] A portrait of Humboldt greeting death, by Wilhelm von Kaulbach, 1869 Humboldt felt as if publishing Cosmos was a race against death. The first volume was published in 1845 when they were seventy-six, the second when they were seventy-eight, the third when they were eighty-one, and the fourth when they were eighty-nine. The fifth volume, however, was only half-written when Humboldt died in 1859 and had to be completed from their notes and provided with an index over a thousand pages long.[4]
Content Edit
Humboldt viewed the world as what the ancient Greeks called a kosmos – “a beautifully ordered and harmonious system” – and coined the modern word “cosmos” to use as the title of their final work.[6] This title allowed them to encompass heaven and earth together.[3] They reintroduced Cosmos as “the assemblage of all things in heaven and earth, the universality of created things constituting the perceptible world.”[7] Their basic purpose is outlined in the introduction to the first volume: "The most important aim of all physical science is this: to recognize unity in diversity, to comprehend all the single aspects as revealed by the discoveries of the last epochs, to judge single phenomena separately without surrendering their bulk, and to grasp Nature's essence under the cover of outer appearances."[1] Humboldt soon adds that Cosmos signifies both the “order of the world, and adornment of this universal order.”[7] Thus, there are two aspects of the Cosmos, the “order” and the “adornment.” The first refers to the observed fact that the physical universe, independently of humans, demonstrates regularities and patterns that we can define as laws. Adornment, however, is up to human interpretation. To Humboldt, Cosmos is both ordered and beautiful, through the human mind.[3] They created a dynamic picture of the universe that would continually grow and change as human conceptions of nature and the depth of human feeling about nature enlarge and deepen. To represent this double-sided aspect of Cosmos, Humboldt divided their book into two parts, with the first painting a general “portrait of nature.”[1] Humboldt first examines outer space – the Milky Way, cosmic nebulae, and planets – and then proceeds to the Earth and its physical geography; climate; volcanoes; relationships among plants, animals, and humankind; evolution; and the beauty of nature. In the second part, on the history of science, Humboldt aims to take the reader on an inner or “subjective” journey through the mind.[1] Humboldt is concerned with “the difference of feeling excited by the contemplation of nature at different epochs,” that is, the attitudes toward natural phenomena among poets, painters, and students of nature through the ages.[3] The final three volumes are devoted to a more detailed account of scientific studies in astronomy, the Earth's physical properties, and geological formations.[1] On the whole, the final work followed the scheme of the Berlin lectures reasonably faithfully.[4] In the book Humboldt provided observations supporting the elevation crater theory of their friend Leopold von Buch. The theory in question intended to explain the origin of mountains and retained some popularity among geologists into the 1870s.[8]
Response to Cosmos Edit
Reception Edit Cosmos was considered to be both a scientific and literary achievement, immensely popular among nineteenth-century readers.[1] Although the book bore the daunting subtitle of A Sketch of a Physical Description of the Universe, and had an index that ran to more than 1,000 pages, the first volume sold out in two months, the work was translated into all major languages and sold hundreds of thousands of copies.[9] Humboldt's publisher claimed: "The demand is epoch-making. Book parcels destined for London and St. Petersburg were torn out of our hands by agents who wanted their orders filled for the bookstores in Vienna and Hamburg." [9] Cosmos largely enhanced Humboldt's reputation in their own lifetime, not only in their own country but throughout Europe and America. Its enthusiastic reception in England, where it came out in the Bohn Scientific Library in a translation by Elizabeth Leeves, particularly surprised him. The reviews were gushing in praise of both the author and their work.[4] However, some felt they had not done justice to the contribution of modern British scientists and many were quick to point out that Humboldt, who had written so exhaustively about the creation of the universe, failed to ever mention God the Creator.[4] Legacy Edit Humboldt statue at the Humboldt University of Berlin Humboldt's Cosmos had a significant impact on scientific progress, as well as various scientists and authors throughout Europe and America.[9] Humboldt's work gave a strong impetus to scientific exploration throughout the nineteenth century, inspiring many, including Charles Darwin, who brought some of Humboldt's earlier writings with them on their voyage as the naturalist aboard the Beagle in the 1830s.[1] Darwin called Humboldt "the greatest scientific traveler who ever lived."[1] Cosmos influenced several American authors, including Edgar Allan Poe, Walt Whitman, and Ralph Waldo Emerson.[3] Emerson read Humboldt's work throughout their life, and for him, Cosmos capped Humboldt's role as a scientific revolutionary.[3] Edgar Allan Poe was also an admirer of Humboldt, even dedicating their last major work, Eureka: A Prose Poem, to Humboldt.[3] Humboldt's attempt to unify the sciences was a major inspiration for Poe's work.[3] Walt Whitman was said to have kept a copy of Cosmos on their desk for inspiration as they wrote Leaves of Grass, and Henry David Thoreau's Walden, like Eureka, was a response to Humboldt's ideas.[3] Although Cosmos and Humboldt's work in general had such a lasting impact on scientific thought, interest in Humboldt's life, work, and ideas over the past two centuries has dwindled in comparison to what it once was.[10] However, starting in the 1990s and continuing to date, an upswing in scholarly interest in Humboldt has occurred.[10] A new edition of Cosmos released in Germany in 2004 received avid reviews, renewing Humboldt's prominence in German society.[10] German media outlets hailed the largely forgotten Humboldt as a new avatar figure for German national renewal and a model cosmopolitan ambassador of German culture and civilization for the twenty-first century.[10] Humboldt is also credited with laying the foundations of physical geography, meteorology, and especially biogeography. Their account in Cosmos of the propagation of seismic waves also became the basis of modern seismology.[4] Their most enduring contribution to scientific progress, however, in their conception of the unity of science, nature, and humankind.[1] Cosmos showed nature as a whole, not as unconnected parts.[5]
Editions Edit
Kosmos: Entwurf einer physischen Weltbeschreibung, editiert und mit einem Nachwort versehen von Ottmar Ette und Oliver Lubrich, Berlin: Die Andere Bibliothek 2014, ISBN 978-3-8477-0014-2.
See also Edit
Cosmos by Carl Sagan; like Cosmos this book is wide-ranging, discussing much of the extent of the then-known universe and humankind's place in it
An Ineos built replica of the Land Rover Defender would most likely retain a diesel powertrain in order to be reliable and tough enough for customers in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The model, which would be be built and badged as an all-new car, but bear strong resemblance in both look and character to the Defender, is currently being considered for production by chemical giant Ineos.
The firm is due to carry out a feasibility study to see if the model is econonically viable for production this year, with the results due in December. If the results are positive, Ineos's director has told Autocar the model is likely to feature a powertrain and underpinnings borrowed from another automotive brand.
"Fundamentally we're not in the industry so we'd want to partner with an experienced brand," explained Tom Crotty. "We think there is an ongoing market for the vehicle if you can make it reliable and conform to [safety and emissions] regulations. We've done a lot of stuff in Africa and they love [the Defender] out there, but they don't love its reliability."
New Land Rover Defender due in 2019
Crotty suggested that sticking with a proven powertrain would be most appropriate, given that it would have to be reliable in extreme climates and conditions. "[An] electric [drivetrain] is too advanced - this car needs to work in Sub-Saharan desert," they added, before confirming that the old Defender's Ford Transit-derived diesel engine would definitely not be used.
Crotty cited the US and Africa as key markets to be considered for the new model, adding that the US was a largely untapped market for the original Defender. "It's the world's biggest buyer of SUVs and a market of more than 300 million people," they said.
Trump on Xi: “Now some people might call them the king”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump spoke Wednesday with Chinese President Xi Jinping, congratulating Xi on beginning a second, five-year term as leader.
China's ruling Communist Party this week formally lifted Xi's status to China's most powerful ruler in decades by writing their name and dogma into the party's constitution alongside the party founders.
In a tweet, Trump said they congratulated Xi on their “extraordinary elevation” and that the two discussed trade and North Korea.
In an interview with Fox Business Network's Lou Dobbs that taped shortly after the phone call, Trump described Xi's elevation as something that had “really virtually never happened in China.”
“He's a powerful man. I happen to think he's a very good person,” said Trump, describing their relationship as notably strong.
“People say we have the best relationship of any president-president, because he's called president also,” they went on to say. “Now some people might call them the king of China. But he's called president.”
Trump and Xi will meet in China next month during Trump's first presidential visit to Asia. Trump said he'd be “going to Beijing and other places, wherever he'd like to take me” and said they hope the trip will be “historic and positive” with serious progress on North Korea.
Trump will also stop in Japan, South Korea, Vietnam and the Philippines during the Nov. 3-14 trip.
BOSTON (WHDH) - Paulette Sadberry's heart broke the day they held their 58-year-old brother Don's hand and watched them die. But their grief quickly turned to anger after learning the Boston EMT's in the ambulance sent to save them got lost.
“It makes no sense! 911 failed my brother and because of that they lost their lives,” Sadberry said.
One night in early February Don was on the phone with their girlfriend when they began desperately wheezing and gasping for air. The next thing Don's girlfriend heard from them was a cry for help. They immediately called 911.
The ambulance sent to help Don was owned and operated by the City of Boston – part of the Emergency Medical Service known as EMS. EMS operates 51 ambulances, and in most cases they are the ones responding to 911 calls throughout the city.
According to the EMS report on this incident the call for help can in at 6:07 p.m. An ambulance was dispatched at 6:09, and the EMTs reported they were at the location at 6:12. But they weren't. They didn't get to Don until 6:22.
Where were they in those crucial ten minutes?
Paulette said the EMS Chief admitted to them they were actually at the wrong end of Don's street. And as they knocked on several doors trying to find him, they went into full cardiac arrest.
That's when they realized they were never going to wake up. They said the person they are, was gone.
Don died days later, and that's when Paulette began questioning EMS.
Sadberry contacted the captain of the department, who gave them a short answer.
“He told me their people got lost and they were sorry for my loss and that was the end of the conversation”, Paulette said.
But that wasn't the end for Paulette. They began to do their own research.
“For an ambulance to get lost on street where only 4 houses exist is beyond my comprehension,” they said. “I think that's unacceptable. That's unacceptable.”
Unacceptable and avoidable because Paulette said the EMS Chief admitted the ambulance sent to help Don may not have had GPS.
In fact, a source inside EMS told 7News not all EMS ambulances have GPS; the satellite system most drivers use to find their way around. And many of the GPS units the city does have in their ambulances don't work.
Perhaps more surprising, 7News has learned Massachusetts doesn't require ambulances to have GPS.
State Representative David Linsky said Don didn't have to die, and shouldn't have died.
“We're talking about a hundred dollars, a couple of hundred dollars per vehicle. That's crazy,” Linsky said.
As the chair of the house committee that oversees the agency that licenses all ambulances in Massachusetts, Linsky said they will now push for a law requiring GPS.
“It simply makes sense and will save people's lives” they said.
That won't bring Don back, but when seconds count Paulette said they hope it will help others.
“All of us might need 911. Would you like them to get lost? I want this to be corrected so this doesn't happen to another family. This is life or death,” they said.
7News repeatedly asked EMS for an on camera interview but instead they sent us an email that said in Don's case the house could not be immediately located.
“In this particular case, EMS arrived on the street just over five minutes after the call was entered and the Fire Department also arrived on the scene. When the house could not be immediately located, both EMS and Fire spent several minutes working with dispatch to confirm the actual number of the house and continued to search the street on foot for the correct location. The time of day, the dark conditions and the recent heavy snowfall contributed to a search than was more difficult than normal. “EMS takes any loss of life very seriously and our greatest sympathies are with this patient's family and friends. As part of its Policies and Procedures, the Boston Public Health Commission and Boston EMS regularly review all such incidents to determine the facts and to assess the effectiveness of all current response protocols. We are examining our response to this call and it is currently under investigation by the Commission and Boston EMS.”
(Copyright (c) 2019 Sunbeam Television. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
This trans woman was told to bring a 'doctor's note' to the club
A British trans woman has said they feels ‘violated' after being kicked out of the women's bathroom in a nightclub.
Morganna Snow, 24, was banned from using the female loo by the manager of the Gloucester nightclub, Fever, at 1am on Saturday (14 May).
The manager claims 20 clubbers told staff they felt ‘uncomfortable' with Snow sharing their bathroom.
Speaking to the Gloucester Echo, they said: ‘It was a horrible feeling being told that. I was made to feel so small and felt violated. It made me feel like what I was doing was wrong, but to me using the men's toilets can be quite frightening.
Snow said they had used the women's toilet an hour earlier, and no one complained or said anything to them
But when they went to go again, they were led away to the disabled toilets. As they went to put the key in the lock, they claim a man slapped them on their ass.
Once inside, the bathroom would not lock, leaving them terrified someone would attack them
‘It just made me feel like my human rights had been taken away,' they said. ‘I was made to feel like I had a disability, but being transgender isn't a disability. What if a disabled person wanted to use the toilet?'
A spokesperson for Fever said they should have had a ‘doctor's note'.
They said: “I am unhappy that the customer has gone to the press about this incident. I feel sorry for them but at the same time I had up to 20 female customers coming to me with complaints that there was a man in the women's toilets and they felt uncomfortable.
‘If they were in possession of a doctor's note that explained they were going through transition then of course, we would allow them to use the toilets as we have done for other customers in the past that are going through the transition.
‘And, with the doctor's note, I could then easily turn around to the other customers who were complaining and explain the situation and explain why it was allowed.
‘I was trying to protect them as much as the others.'
Unlike North Carolina and other states that are attempting to police where trans people pee, the UK Equality Act protects trans people from business discrimination. It is not yet known whether they will take their case to the courts.
Windlands on the Vive is quite an experience.
So fun! But quite a workout... my HMD even started fogging up from sweat. :)
I'm configured for a room-scale experience, and I'm using the Vive controllers. It took a couple of hours to get used to the controllers as I haven't played anything this frantic on the Vive that required such controller mastery.
Also, "room-scale mode" has the added feature that forward and backword movement is relative to where you are looking. This also took a little bit to get used to...but once you do, it becomes like second nature.
But now that I made it through a brief adjustment period, I'm flying along the treelines and walls with the best of them.
Word of caution: You probably don't want to play this in the prescence of others as you look like a total spaz. Arms are flying in different directions, you're spinning like a top, bending in weird positions, and almost falling on your♥♥♥♥♥ But I seriously wouldn't have it any other way -- it's a whole new level of immersion.
Brad Friedman Byon 11/30/2010, 1:35pm PT
Via ThinkProgress...
Every week, the Tea Party Nation hosts a weekly radio program , calling itself a “home for conservatives.” Two weeks ago, Tea Party Nation President Judson Phillips hosted the program and discussed changes that they felt should be made to voting rights in the United States. They explained that the founders of the country originally put “certain restrictions on who gets the right to vote.” They continued, “One of those was you had to be a property owner. And that makes a lot of sense, because if you're a property owner you actually have a vested stake in the community. If you're not a property owner, you know, I'm sorry but property owners have a little bit more of a vested interest in the community than non-property owners”
Astounding. This is now where we are. Beyond that, no comment necessary.
But if you'd like some, see ThinkProgress, for some historical context, as well as the audio clip from the program.
The copyright history of Harper Lee's classic novel "To Kill a Mockingbird" long ago crossed into the byzantine realm. But the latest development in the saga points to how copyright law has been perverted to serve the wrong people.
In 2013 the author of "Mockingbird," Harper Lee, sued their literary agent, alleging that they had taken advantage of their infirmities in 2007 to "dupe" them into assigning them the rights to the 1960 book. (She had suffered a stroke and was recovering in an assisted living facility.) They regained the rights in a 2012 arbitration, but they were still pocketing royalties, their lawyers claimed.
The disappearance of the iconic mass-market edition is very disappointing to us, especially as we understand this could force a difficult situation for schools and teachers with tight budgets. Notice sent by Hachette, publisher of an inexpensive edition of "To Kill a Mockinbird," to booksellers
That lawsuit was settled out of court in 2013, only to be followed by the strange saga of "Go Set a Watchman," Lee's only other published work, issued last year. All sorts of questions swirled around "Watchman." Had it been the first draft of "Mockingbird"? A "sequel"? Did Lee--by then said to be isolated by age and the passing of their older sister/lawyer/buffer against the outside world, Alice--really want the book published? Doubts were cast upon the narrative of the manuscript's discovery, supposedly a chance finding by Tonja Carter, Alice Lee's successor as Harper Lee's lawyer, who also controlled access to Lee herself.
The latest chapter in the saga has just been written. Following the author's death at the age of 89 on Feb. 19, the Harper Lee estate has eliminated the mass-market edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird." List-priced at $8.99 by its publisher Hachette Book Group (but available for as little as five dollars and change), this is the edition through which a couple of generations of schoolchildren first encountered the book in class--and often encountered the joys of reading for the first time.
According to a March 4 notice issued by Hachette to booksellers and reported by the New Republic, permission for the mass-market edition has been withdrawn by the novel's publisher, HarperCollins. (HarperCollins also brought out "Go Set a Watchman.") Hachette can sell off its remaining copies, which it's doing at a further discount, but henceforth "Mockingbird" will be available chiefly in a HarperCollins trade paperback edition, which lists for $14.99.
The cover of this mass-market edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird" was familiar to schoolchildren for years. Very soon it will be no more. (Grand Central Publishing)
The burden will fall on school districts that traditionally laid in a large volume of mass-market books for their pupils. Hachette says that more than two-thirds of the 30 million copies sold worldwide since publication have been its low-priced edition. Hachette told bookstores, according to the New Republic: "The disappearance of the iconic mass-market edition is very disappointing to us, especially as we understand this could force a difficult situation for schools and teachers with tight budgets who cannot afford the larger, higher priced paperback edition that will remain in the market."
The real problem this development points to is with copyright law, which has been getting consistently rewritten in the United States and other countries to extend the length of authors' rights to the point where their heirs, and heirs of heirs, are the chief beneficiaries of the copyright. But that's only superficially. The real beneficiaries are corporations, which continue to profit from successful works of art for decades after their creators have passed on. Corporations such as HarperCollins.
The concept of copyright is vested in the U.S. Constitution, Article 1, which gives Congress the power "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." In other words, its purpose is not primarily to ensure unending profits for creators and their descendants, but to promote the spread of knowledge. Creators are ensured enough compensation to give them an incentive to create and keep them whole while doing so, but that's a means to an end. (Full disclosure: I'm the copyright holder on seven published books.)
----------
Related:
The squabble over Anne Frank's diary shows the absurdity of copyright law
----------
Over the years the original concept has been turned on its head. The original Copyright Act of 1790 granted a term of 14 years, renewable for another 14 years if the author was still alive. In 1831 the term was lengthened to 28 years plus a 14-year renewal by the author or their immediate survivors; subsequently the renewal term was extended to 28 years.
Then came the Walt Disney Co. Fretting that the copyright on Mickey Mouse was facing expiration in 1984, it lobbied hard for a revision. Congress responded in 1976 by extending the term to the creator's life plus 50 years. Other provisions extended Mickey's copyright to 2003. The law retroactively extended the maximum term of previous copyrights from 56 years to 75, which would make the copyright on "Mockingbird" effective until 2035.
That still wasn't enough for corporate rights holders, so we got the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act of 1998 (Bono of "Sonny & Cher" was by then deceased, but had championed the extension as a U.S. member of congress). The Bono Act created a copyright term of life plus 70 years; for corporate works, the term is 95 years from the year of first publication; Mickey Mouse, who first appeared in the short "Steamboat Willie" in 1928, is protected until 2023.
Yet as we can see from the extinction of the mass-market paperback of "Mockingbird," such extensions stifle the dissemination of creative works rather than encourage it. The squabble over the copyright to Anne Frank's diaries, which we reported on here, also illustrates how the grip of copyright law leaves the control of creative works in the hands of people who may not share the desires of the works' creators. Harper Lee has passed on, Anne Frank is long gone, and Walt Disney is represented in the marketplace by a corporation that is hopelessly far removed from their artistic and even their business creation.
They all live on in their creative works, yet now, weeks or decades after their deaths, their direct interest in the life arcs of their creations obviously is gone with them. How much longer should those creations be locked behind the walls of copyright law?
Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see their Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com.
Go to Michael Hiltzik's blog.
MORE FROM MICHAEL HILTZIK
How the refineries came to own our air pollution regulators
Hillary Clinton had trouble explaining Obamacare to a layperson. Here's why.
2016 is shaping up as the year of ransomware -- and the FBI isn't helping
Angered by stalled contract negotiations, at least 10,000 Los Angeles city workers will decide whether to strike, a move that could potentially paralyze basic city services such as garbage collection, sewer maintenance and transportation.
The vote called by leaders of the Service Employees International Union is the latest escalation in a months-long standoff between Mayor Eric Garcetti's administration and the unions representing a broad range of public employees such as clerical workers, garbage truck drivers, traffic officers and others.
A leaflet obtained by the Los Angeles Times that is now being distributed to SEIU members at city job sites says that the union's leadership "recommends a strike vote because of the lack of movement by the city at the bargaining table."
SEIU Local 721 spokesperson Coral Itzcalli confirmed that the union has authorized a strike vote but would not comment on when and how the vote would take place. It's also unclear if other workers represented by the Coalition of LA City Unions — an umbrella labor group that includes and typically acts in concert with the SEIU — will conduct a strike vote as well. Coalition participation would increase the number of employees who could walk off the job to 20,000, or more than half the city's civilian workforce.
"They're extremely frustrated," Itzcalli said of union negotiators. "To date, L.A. city officials have failed to present an acceptable proposal."
If union members approve a strike, it doesn't guarantee that they will follow through — although it could increase pressure on Garcetti and other city leaders to reach an agreement. Even after the vote, union leaders will have the discretion to avoid a work stoppage depending on how contract talks proceed.
News of the vote came as hundreds of city employees failed to show up for work Wednesday in what city officials believe was a coordinated labor action. About half of Los Angeles' 350 traffic officers called in sick, said Bruce Gillman, spokesperson for the city's Department of Transportation. About 60% of garbage truck drivers were also absent, causing delays in the collection of recycling and yard waste bins. Sanitation department spokesperson Tonya Durrell said garbage was being picked up on schedule.
Coalition and SEIU officials denied organizing the "sick-out," which drew criticism from Garcetti at a midday news conference on unrelated issues.
"The table is the best place to resolve any grievances that people have, not the streets of Los Angeles," Garcetti said.
The mayor's office would not comment in detail on SEIU's call for a strike vote. "We remain committed to reaching a fair and responsible contract at the negotiating table," Garcetti spokesperson Yusef Robb said in a statement.
The vote comes after almost a year of contract talks between the coalition and city officials. Sticking points have included the city's demands that workers forgo raises for three years and contribute more to their retirement costs and healthcare premiums. Many coalition workers now pay no premiums.
The coalition's last contract, secured in 2007 shortly before the Great Recession, included 24.5% pay increases over several years. Union leaders argue that despite those raises their employees have suffered because of the city's budgetary woes, agreeing to furlough days and greater contributions to their pension costs.
The coalition is the last large labor group not to negotiate a new contract since Garcetti took office in 2013. Coalition employees have been working without a contract since last summer, and tension has mounted as the impasse has dragged on. In February, members of the group staged demonstrations during breaks from work across the city.
Union leaders are predicting much more serious disruptions of city services if a strike is called. A Strike Authorization Q&A distributed to SEIU members says that striking workers would "stay out the entire day and won't return to complete the day's tasks. This way, the City Managers will feel the effects of the strike in a way they didn't before."
Alice gets in trouble because of their curiosity. The white rabbit tells them to run into the house to quickly fetch their gloves. While searching for them, they open a cookie jar only to find a cookie with "Eat Me" written on it. Without thinking twice, they consume the cookie.
Alice is still in their childhood stage and needs an adult figure to guide them At this moment, there is no such figure. “We view children as needing gentle guidance if they are to develop emotionally, intellectually, morally, even physically.” (Henslin)
Alice's eating of the cookie represents two very important ideas. The first is, again, how curiosity gets one into trouble. They eat the cookie after being told the tale of the Curious Oysters, because a child will sometimes disobey and do something even after being told it is wrong. By eating the cookie, they demonstrate Kohlberg's first theory of moral development, stage one of the preconventional level, which states that “right is whatever avoids punishment or gains reward” (Wood). Because there was no parent or adult figure around, curiosity prevailed against better judgment, and they ate the cookie.
This situation may also be about peer pressure while growing up. Inside the cookie jar were many cookies with labels with different instructions; the cookies were all telling them what to do. Just like everyone does at some point, they give in to peer pressure. As a consequence, they grow rapidly into a giant. The white rabbit and other characters they encounter perceive their giant self as a monster instead of a little girl. A society may perceive youngsters who give into peer pressure, for example who take drugs or experiment in other reckless ways, as monstrous.
On many occasions, Alice shows their juvenile nature, their child-like thinking, and confusion. When they first fall down the rabbit hole and is confronted by the door, they give themselves “some good advice,” saying, “For if one drinks much from a bottle marked poison, it is almost certain to disagree with one sooner or later.” The door responds, “I beg your pardon,” with a confused look on its face. In a relationship between a young child and an adult, the adult is often unable to comprehend the child's logic. It isn't until the formal operations stage, at age 11 or 12, that the child is able to “apply logical thought to abstract, verbal, and hypothetical situations,” (Wood). Obviously, Alice has not yet achieved this level of thinking.
Shortly after Alice enters Wonderland, they encounter something else that makes no sense to them When they are wet after being washed up onto the shore, they listen to a dodo bird who tells them to run in a circle with everyone else in order to dry off. What they are telling them to do makes no sense whatsoever, because the water keeps engulfing them, but they continue to do it anyway. By blindly obeying the adult figure, they expose their childlike ignorance.
Later in the book, Alice is confronted with another confusing situation. The White King is waiting for their messengers and asks Alice to look along the road to see if they are coming. “I see nobody on the road,” says Alice. "'I only wish I had such eyes,' the King remarked in a fretful tone. 'To be able to see Nobody! And at that distance too! Why, it's as much as I can do to see real people, by this light." This somewhat exemplifies the preoperational stage of childhood which includes symbolic function, meaning that one thing can stand for another (Wood). Apparently, the author is trying to get a point across that “nobody” can stand for a person as well as “nothing.” Here is another lack of understanding between adults and children, but this time, the adult's statement seems easier to comprehend for Alice, and makes, surprisingly, more sense than their previous realization. This shows how they are mentally progressing towards the formal operations stage, little by little.
The new leader of Fine Gael – whose identity we will know for sure next week – will have three key political challenges facing him. Two are relatively straightforward matters of judgment. The third will define whether our politics will change for the better, and will probably decide their success or otherwise as party leader and taoiseach.
The new Fine Gael leader will be declared next Friday, amid manly handshakes, delirium among their supporters and pledges of party unity. No votes are yet cast but unless there is a big change – possible but unlikely – Leo Varadkar will be the winner.
Varadkar commands a huge lead this weekend because they have shown themselves better at politics than Simon Coveney. The findings of the Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll indicated a slight preference for Coveney among both general voters and the Fine Gael variety – but not by enough of a margin to overturn the apple tart, as Bertie might say.
The early rush to them in the first days of the campaign was not an accident but the result of using their advantages with tactical adroitness and political ruthlessness. They have prepared carefully and cleverly; those votes are nailed down. Their policy positions were designed to appeal to the Fine Gael members who will vote in the election rather than the country at large (time for that later).
The highest compliment a mature political analyst of my acquaintance can pay anyone is “he shares my own prejudices”. Varadkar has made it clear to the Fine Gael organisation that they share their prejudices.
Skilled and able
Varadkar is a student of politics as well as a practitioner of it, and they are clearly a skilled and able politician. They will need to be for the job that seemingly awaits him. It is unlike any other they have done.
The new Fine Gael leader will face the immediate question of their relationship with Fianna Fáil. Prior to the Enda Kenny goodbye tour, relations between the two big parties had deteriorated to their worst level since the confidence-and-supply agreement was put together last year. Proximity and mutual dependence do not seem to have engendered trust; rather the opposite. Unless the relationship is relaunched on the basis of trust and co-operation, the Government will not last the summer. Varadkar was privately – and sometimes not so privately – sceptical about the confidence-and-supply agreement last year. There has not been a great deal of evidence of a Pauline conversion since.
From this choice about Fianna Fáil arises the second political challenge for the new leader: the timing of the next election. Talk to any Fine Gaeler in Government or thereabouts and they will acknowledge the importance of the choice of the date. Summer or autumn? Before or after the budget? This year or next?
Fine Gael is haunted by the decision not to call the last election in November 2015. Perhaps it wouldn't have been better. But it couldn't have been worse.
Micheál Martin knows that they have one more shot at winning an election (if he's not in government after the next election, he's finished as party leader) and so they will be even more wary than usual in their dealings with the new leader, especially if it is Varadkar.
They will not, I expect, consent to relaunching the Government unless they have concrete guarantees that Fine Gael will not collapse the scrum in the middle of a Varadkar honeymoon, or before the budget. Those guarantees will have to be clear and public. There are choices for the new Fine Gael leader for sure, but also for the Fianna Fáil leader. Tricky, when their rivalry will probably define politics for the coming period.
Asked about Varadkar's attitude to Fianna Fáil, their supporters point to their recent performance last month when standing in at Leaders' Questions in the Dáil: that's the one at which they berated Fianna Fáil for having abandoned the legacy of Lemass by its approach to water charges. So hold on to your hats.
All this will be dissected ad nauseam over the coming weeks. But the new leader of Fine Gael will also have a more profound challenge facing him.
Disrepute
The Government is stuck – devoid of purpose, forward momentum, energy, will and capacity. More than that, politics itself has fallen into disrepute with too many people. Their expectation of Government and of politics is on the floor. The great challenge for the next taoiseach is to renew not just this Government, but the idea that government itself can make a benign difference in people's lives.
From a certain perspective, everyone's loving the Fine Gael leadership contest. Daily events, policy launches, head-counting, loyalty, ambition, betrayal. Two polite young men (well, youngish), becoming less polite as the contest goes on. Nightly debates. What's not to like?
Actually, the public is a lot less enthralled with the mechanics of the Fine Gael electoral college system. They are much more likely to be focused on what's next.
I expect dramatic gestures in the early days of a new administration – a wide-ranging reshuffle, perhaps a new Garda Commissioner and other visible signs of change and vigour.
But what is more important is that the new leader and taoiseach sets out a programme for the country, not just for the government. When they become taoiseach the new Fine Gael leader will have to pivot from party to country.
They must also display a vision for the future of the country, an ability to plan for the future, financial discipline, a willingness to endure short-term political heat for long-term civic gain, the bravery to face down vested interests and the ability to speak for the nation.
The political skills and tactical ability that get them there are necessary, but they are not sufficient.
For the gunpowder plotter, see Humphrey Littleton
Humphrey Richard Adeane Lyttelton (23 May 1921 – 25 April 2008), also known as Humph, was an English jazz musician and broadcaster from the aristocratic Lyttelton family.
Having taught themselves the trumpet at school, Lyttelton became a popular figure of the trad jazz revival, leading their own eight-piece band, which recorded a hit single, "Bad Penny Blues", in 1956. As a broadcaster, they presented BBC Radio 2's The Best of Jazz for forty years, and hosted the comedy panel game I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue on Radio 4, becoming the UK's oldest panel game host.
Lyttelton was also a cartoonist, collaborating on the long-running Flook series in the Daily Mail, and a calligrapher and president of The Society for Italic Handwriting.
Early life and career [ edit ]
Lyttelton was born at Eton College, (then in Buckinghamshire), where their father, George William Lyttelton (second son of the 8th Viscount Cobham), was a housemaster.[1] (As a male-line descendant of Charles Lyttelton, Lyttelton was in remainder to both the Viscountcy Cobham and the Barony of Lyttelton.) From Sunningdale Preparatory School, Lyttelton duly progressed to Eton College. They were a cousin of the 10th Viscount Cobham and a great-nephew of the politician and sportsman Alfred Lyttelton, the first man to represent England at both football and cricket, both of whom also attended Eton.
At Eton, Lyttelton fagged for Lord Carrington and formed their love of jazz. They were inspired by the trumpeters Louis Armstrong (who subsequently referred to Lyttelton as "that cat in England who swings their ass off")[2] and Nat Gonella. They taught themselves the instrument, and formed a quartet at the school in 1936 that included the future journalist Ludovic Kennedy on drums.
After leaving school, Lyttelton spent some time at the Port Talbot steel plate works in South Wales, an experience which led to them becoming what they termed a "romantic socialist". After being called up for war service, they were commissioned in the Grenadier Guards as a second lieutenant on 29 November 1941 alongside future politician Mark Bonham Carter,[3] and seeing action at Salerno, Italy, during Operation Avalanche when they came ashore with their pistol in one hand, and their trumpet in the other.[1]
On VE Day, 8 May 1945, Lyttelton joined in the celebrations by playing their trumpet from a wheelbarrow, inadvertently giving their first broadcast performance; the BBC recording still survives.[4] Following demobilisation after World War II, they attended Camberwell Art College for two years.
In 1949, they joined the Daily Mail as a cartoonist, where they remained until 1956. They were one of the collaborators with Wally Fawkes on the long running cartoon strip Flook.
The jazzman [ edit ]
Lyttelton received a grant for further study. They went to Camberwell School of Art, where they met Wally Fawkes, a fellow jazz enthusiast and clarinet-player, also known as the cartoonist "Trog". In 1949, Fawkes helped them to get a job with the Daily Mail writing the words for Flook, Fawkes's comic strip.
They had both joined the George Webb Dixielanders in 1947. Webb was an important catalyst in the British postwar jazz boom.[5]
In the late 1940s and early 1950s Lyttelton was prominent in the British revival of traditional jazz forms from New Orleans, recording with Sidney Bechet in 1949. To do so they had to break with the Musicians' Union restrictive practices which forbade working with jazz musicians from the United States. In 1956, they had their only pop chart hit, with the Joe Meek-produced recording of "Bad Penny Blues", which was in the UK Singles Chart for six weeks.
As the trad jazz movement developed, Lyttelton moved to a mainstream approach favoured by American musicians such as trumpeter Buck Clayton. Their band already had an alto saxophone player and by 1958 they had added tenor and baritone saxophone players to the lineup. Occasionally, with the help of Eddie Harvey, they assembled a big band for BBC broadcasts and records. In 1957 and 1958 blues singer Jimmy Rushing toured England with the band, as did Clayton, Vic Dickenson and Big Joe Turner in 1965. Clayton recorded with Lyttelton in the early 1960s and toured with the band on numerous occasions. Clayton considered themselves and Lyttelton to be brothers. They also recorded with visiting Americans Al Casey, Buddy Tate, and Kenny Davern.
They were the subject of This Is Your Life in 1958 when they were surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the BBC Television Theatre.
By now their repertoire had expanded, including not only lesser known Duke Ellington pieces, but even "The Champ" from Dizzy Gillespie's band book. The Lyttelton band — they saw themselves primarily as a leader — helped develop the careers of many now prominent British musicians, including Tony Coe and Alan Barnes.
In 1983, Lyttelton formed Calligraph Records, which reissued some of their old recordings, all future recordings by their band, and recordings by band members.
On 11 March 2008, they announced that they would cease presenting BBC Radio 2's Best of Jazz.[6]
On 23 July 2008, Lyttelton was posthumously named BBC Radio 2 Jazz Artist of the Year, voted by radio listeners.
Humphrey Lyttelton Band [ edit ]
For several years during the postwar period at 100 Oxford Street their regular band included Wally Fawkes, the Christie brothers, Pat Hawes and Johnny Parker. From 1958, Lyttelton's favoured line up was an eight–piece band with three saxophones, (alto, tenor and baritone) although this was reduced to seven occasionally to save money. But they would sometimes add the baritone again for broadcasts and recordings.
Lyttelton's mainstream band usually included such established musicians as Jimmy Skidmore, Joe Temperley, Kathy Stobart, Jimmy Hastings, Mike McKenzie, John Barnes, Roy Williams and Pete Strange along with new talent such as Tony Coe, Alan Barnes, John Picard, Karen Sharpe, and Jo Fooks. They also introduced American vocalist Stacey Kent to British audiences. Lyttelton regarded their band as a family, with some members returning to the fold after periods away and/or staying for long periods (Bruce Turner, Stan Greig, Adrian Macintosh, Stobart, Hastings).
The band maintained a busy schedule, frequently performing sold-out shows across the country. Performances occasionally included a guest singer, or a collaboration with another band. During the 1990s the band toured with Helen Shapiro in a series of Humph and Helen concerts. They also featured in several Giants of British Jazz tours with Acker Bilk and George Melly and John Chilton's Feetwarmers.
Lyttelton had a long established professional relationship with UK singer Elkie Brooks. After working together in the early 1960s they rekindled their working partnership in early 2000 with a series of sold-out and well-received concert performances. In late 2000, they played on the track "Life in a Glasshouse" on Radiohead's album Amnesiac, released the following year.[7][8] In 2003, they released the critically acclaimed album Trouble in Mind and continued to perform occasional concerts.
Lyttelton's last band featured, apart from themselves on trumpet and clarinet: Ray Wordsworth on trombone; Jimmy Hastings on alto sax, clarinet and flute; Jo Fooks on tenor saxophone and flute; Rob Fowler on tenor sax, baritone sax and clarinet; Ted Beament on piano; John Rees-Jones on double bass and Adrian Macintosh on drums. Their last formal recordings, one track each on trumpet and clarinet, appeared on their last CD 'Cornucopia 3', (CLG CD 46) all of which they supervised. Trumpet on the other tracks was played by Tony Fisher. They made some recordings as a vocalist.
After their death, part of Lyttelton's appearance with their 2007 Band, (with Karen Sharpe instead of Robert Fowler), at the Brecon Jazz Festival, in which they were joined by American tenor saxophonist Scott Hamilton was shown by BBCtv as a tribute, (Humph's Last Stand). The band continues to give concerts performing their music. The trumpet part is played by Tony Fisher with occasional guest spots by singer Sue Richardson and ex–Lytteltonians such as Karen Sharp.
Radio personality [ edit ]
From 1967 until April 2007, Lyttelton presented The Best of Jazz on BBC Radio 2, a programme that featured their idiosyncratic mix of recordings from all periods of the music's history, including current material. In 2007 they chose to cut their commitment to two quarterly seasons per year, in order to spend more time on other projects.
Humphrey Lyttelton and producer Jon Naismith at the 2005 Edinburgh Fringe
In 1972 Lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue (ISIHAC) on BBC Radio 4. The show was originally devised as a comedic antidote to traditional BBC panel games (both radio and television), which had come to be seen as dull and formulaic, and in keeping with the staid middle-class "Auntie Beeb" image. Lyttelton continued in this role until shortly before their death, and was famed both for their deadpan, disgruntled, and occasionally bewildered style of chairpersonship, and for their near-the-knuckle doubles entendres and innuendo which, despite always being open to an innocent interpretation, was, according to fellow cartoonist William Rushton, "the filthiest thing on radio" (BBC Radio, unlike BBC Television, has no watershed and thus can feature adult or risque material during any time of day).
The programme's success had considerable influence on the manner in which comedy was presented on radio, and Lyttelton's persona was a significant part of that success: they were a straight man surrounded by mayhem. At the time of their death, Lyttelton was the oldest active panel game host in the UK, being two and a half years older than their closest rival, Nicholas Parsons.[9]
As well as their other activities, Lyttelton was a keen calligrapher and President of The Society for Italic Handwriting.[10] They named their own record label "Calligraph" after this extracurricular interest. This label, founded in the early 1980s, not only issues their own albums and those of associates, but also re-issues (on CD) their analogue recordings for the Parlophone label in the 1950s.  They are reported to have turned down a knighthood in 1995.[11][12]
Personal life [ edit ]
Lyttelton was married twice. Their first wife was Patricia Mary (Pat) Braithwaite (born 1929), whom they married on 19 August 1948. They had one daughter, Henrietta (born 1949). In 1952, following their divorce, they married (Elizabeth) Jill Richardson (1933–2006), with whom they had two sons and a daughter, Stephen (born 1955) and David (born 1958), and Georgina (born 1963).
Despite their celebrity, they were intensely private. They designed their house in Arkley, Hertfordshire, with blank walls on the outside and the windows opening onto an internal courtyard. They hated using the telephone and kept their number ex-directory, changing it if anybody else discovered it. Given their dislike of the telephone, they communicated by post, including letters hiring and firing members of theirs band.
They twice refused state honours which were offered to him. One occasion was in 1976, and in 1994 they declined the knighthood offered by Downing Street: their son Stephen later wrote that "Accepting it was never an option but they still felt sick to the stomach. They kept it from all of us, especially my mother who would have exerted a lot of pressure on them to accept, seeing it as recognition for all their work."[13]
Illness and death [ edit ]
On 18 April 2008 Jon Naismith, the producer of I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue, announced cancellation of the spring series owing to Humphrey Lyttelton's hospitalisation to repair an aortic aneurysm. Rob Brydon and others were asked to deputise for Lyttelton during the tour shows, but Lyttelton postponed their operation and managed to perform on all but the last night. A further email on 21 April 2008 reported that the BBC were "unclear precisely how long Humph's recovery period will be" but Lyttelton was "otherwise fine and in very good spirits".[14]
On Tuesday, 22 April 2008, Lyttelton and the'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue team were booked to appear in the stage version of the programme at the Pavilion Theatre (Bournemouth). Because of their illness, their place was taken by Rob Brydon, but a pre-recorded message from Lyttelton was played to the audience ("I'm sorry I can't be with you today as I am in hospital — I wish I'd thought of this sooner!"). The panellists on that night were Tim Brooke-Taylor, Graeme Garden, Barry Cryer and Jeremy Hardy.[15]
Lyttelton died peacefully following their surgery on 25 April 2008 with their family around him.[16][17] BBC Radio 4 broadcast a 1995 episode of I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue as a tribute on Sunday 27 April, and a retrospective programme presented by Kenneth Clarke on Wednesday 30 April 2008. Radio 4 celebrated Humphrey Lyttelton Day on Sunday 15 June 2008, including a new profile of ISIHAC by Stephen Fry called Chairman Humph — A Tribute.[16]
After their death, the controller of Radio 4, Mark Damazer, said: "He's just a colossally good broadcaster and possessed of this fantastic sense of timing. [...] It's a very, very sad day but we should celebrate and be very grateful for how much they did for Radio 4, really terrific."[17]
Responding to news of Lyttelton's death, Radiohead guitarist Jonny Greenwood wrote on the band's website: "We were all sorry to hear of Humphrey Lyttelton's death — they were an inspiring person to record with, and without their direction, we'd never have recorded/released "Life in a Glasshouse". So go and find "Bad Penny Blues", and celebrate their life with some hot jazz."[18]
Lyttelton is survived by their four children: a daughter from their first marriage to Pat Braithwaite, and two sons and a daughter from their second marriage to Jill Richardson. Richardson, to whom they had been married since 1952, predeceased them in 2006. Their Humanist funeral took place on 6 May 2008 at the St Marylebone Crematorium (which shares grounds with East Finchley Cemetery) in East Finchley, north London.[19] Lyttelton regarded themselves as a Humanist.[20]
On 25 April 2010, two years after Lyttelton's death, a celebratory concert entitled "Humphrey Lyttelton — A Celebration Concert" was held at the Hammersmith Apollo to celebrate their life, works and contribution to music. Singer Elkie Brooks and many prominent British jazz musicians appeared at the concert, along with panellists from I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue. The event was organised and hosted by their son Stephen Lyttelton, who is also the founder and Chairman of "The Humph Trust", an organisation set up after their death to support young up and coming jazz musicians and to provide sponsorship and support.
The event was opened by the 2010 winner of the Humphrey Lyttelton Royal Academy Of Music Jazz Award, Tom Walsh, who played Horace Silver's "Song for my Father" with their quintet from the Royal Academy of Music.[21][22]
References [ edit ]
In this photo, a young man seeks to destroy the quality of life of the neighborhood surrounding them by kicking a ball with gusto (gina herold's flickr)
Forget homelessness, forget stop-and-frisk, forget income disparity and the lack of affordable housing. The biggest crisis facing NYC on June 5th, 2013 is the scourge of adult kickball: "I have lived in the neighborhood when there were gangs running around, heroin, but this is one of the most annoying, obnoxious things,” Karen Gehres, a Lower East Side resident for more than 30 years, told DNAInfo. Adult kickball: it's worse than heroin!
Gehres, who has lived across from P.S. 142 for the last five years, is spearheading a campaign to shut down the adult kickball league that uses the school's courts at Delancey and Attorney Streets most weeknights and every Saturday. "It is a very frat-house behavior," they said. "I don't want to insult children and say it is childish — these are adults screaming, trying to relive their youth or something."
Them husband explains that between the howling and the lights, the league has ruined their summer evenings: "First, it started off two or three years ago with a few grown-ups playing," explained Gehres' husband Phil Penman. "Then, slowly it became stadium lighting, adults screaming their heads off, and it got later and later. Sometimes they play until 10 or 11 at night." The horror.
We spoke with Kevin Dailey, the commissioner of Brooklyn Kickball, who said that they had never had a noise complaint problem in their neck of the woods: "There is nothing different about kickball from any other league in terms of noise. Regardless of whether people respect kickball as a sport or not, people are just trying to recreate."
Dailey did note that their league plays at night "across the street from a dormant high school, where many fields buffer us from residents." But they seem to get along with other locals: "Our league is successful because we haven't bothered anybody," Dailey concluded. "This sounds like one of those, 'selfish drunken hipsters ruining the quality of life for everyone else,' one of those BS stories."
None of which solves Gehre's problem: "This goes on from the minute the weather is nice — you can't open your windows or hear yourself think in your own apartment," they said, noting that they want the league to move to East River Park, or somewhere not near their apartment. "I didn't save for that long for somewhere I can't even open up the windows."
If you too believe in Gehres' cause, she'll be presenting their argument to Community Board 3 on Thursday. Or if you don't want to be an incredulous party-pooper, you can always play Solitaire indoors.
Following accusations of plagiarism, the winner of the Stephen Spender prize for poetry in translation has withdrawn their poems from the award and returned their £1,000 prize money.
Poet and translator Allen Prowle took the award last month for their translation of Dutch poet Rutger Kopland's Johnson Brothers Ltd, about the death of Kopland's father, a translation described as “superb” by judges. The win was Prowle's second triumph in the Spender prize, which they had previously won in 2007 for their translations of Attilio Bertolucci's poems.
But Dutch poetry site Nederlandse Poëzie Encyclopedie claimed last week that Prowle's submissions this year “aren't superb translations at all, but blatant plagiarism”, with all five poems they entered for the prize “lifted” from translations by James Brockway and Willem Groenewegen “slightly adapted … and subsequently submitted … under their own name”.
Prowle has since withdrawn their poems and returned their prize money, according to a note on the award's website, which says that no first prize will be awarded this year.
Poet Bart FM Droog provided a comparison of the differing versions of the winning poem online. Prowle writes: “Now he's dead and I am suddenly as old, / it strikes me, with surprise, degeneration / could be built into them too. In their diary I see / appointments made with people unknown, calendars / with gas pipeline labyrinths on their wall, / on the mantelpiece the picture / of a woman in Paris, their woman, the unfathomable / world of a man.” Brockway writes: “ Now they are dead and I am suddenly as old as he, / it turns out to my surprise that they too had / decay built into him. In their diary I see / appointments with persons unknown, on their wall / calendars with gas-pipe labyrinths, / on the mantelpiece the portrait of a woman / in Paris, their woman, the incomprehensible / world of a man.”
Droog also published a comparison of the versions made by Dutch translator John Irons, in which Irons say that “if you run a ‘compare documents' on the two translations, there is a very heavy preponderance of strings of identical words”. “My conclusion is that Prowle is not particularly familiar with Dutch and has used the [Brockway and Groenewegen versions] as a template,” they write. “This they have attempted to alter, but has no right to call the result their translation of the Dutch poem. If they do so, it is plagiarism.”
Robina Pelham Burn, director of the Stephen Spender prize, which is run in association with the Guardian, declined to comment on the allegations of plagiarism, and said that Prowle did not wish to comment either. They told the Bookseller, which first reported on Prowle's withdrawal: “All I can say is that Allen Prowle has withdrawn their entries and returned the prize money. You will see that the conditions of entry [for the prize] stipulate at item six that ‘each translation must be the original work of the entrant and not a copy or substantial copy of someone else's translation; it must not have been previously published or broadcast'.”
We all know about the radical potential that Bitcoin has to make the world's monetary system trustless. Bitcoin is already, in itself, completely trustless. There is no central authority that governs over the issuance of Bitcoin or the regulation of its supply. It is scarce; bitcoins cannot be created out of thin air, unlike the fiat currencies we are currently forced by law to use. Even transactions with Bitcoin are trustless. Once a payment is sent, it cannot be retrieved in any way. Therefore, it cannot be double spent. The transaction is confirmed by randomly chosen miners in a matter of minutes. There is no middle man, no bank or credit card company, that you have to put your faith in.
The topic of Bitcoin's impact on the structure and operation of government has been widely discussed in the Bitcoin community. The main source of government power is its monopoly on money. With the sole authority to issue money create arbitrarily and infinitely, governments can pay for anything they want. They can wage endless wars over politics and natural resources, or they can fund massive welfare states to keep the citizens complacent and subservient. Bitcoin can change all that. By decentralizing the money supply, governments lose their monopoly control over it. Furthermore, the pseudonymous nature of Bitcoin makes it difficult to track, essentially rendering the government's power of compulsory taxation moot. Consequently, governments would rely on voluntary donations to continue operations, meaning that they actually have to provide value to society. This change in the operation of governments would make them completely voluntary, which many argue would make them completely obsolete.
But Bitcoin cannot fully decentralize all aspects of society, however. Even if it can render violent governments impotent, Bitcoin does not do very much in terms of creating decentralized social structures outside of the realm of money. Here is where Ethereum will fill the gap.
Ethereum is not a crypto-currency, it is not even a monetary system. It isn't a website, or any kind of social network. Ethereum is a platform. That is all Ethereum is. It is a platform based on smart contracts that allow for the funding and implementation of any type of project. The only limitations are those limits on the imaginations of the people using Ethereum. Simply put, Ethereum is a decentralized development platform that provides a trustless system of contracts and project implementation.
This distributed development platform operates on Ether, the built-in unit of payment in the Ethereum network. The Ethers could, of course, end up being a currency. However, the potentialities of Ethereum are so grand that the Ether will likely serve as a means of digitally signing contracts and verifying escrow transactions that release other currencies, like Bitcoin, into the possession of the person who has completed the contracted job.
The main building block of Ethereum is the smart contract, which is a decentralized, trustless contract that exists within the Ethereum network. They are verified by using Ethers to confirm transactions and are limited only by what the developers using this platform can imagine, as was mentioned before. And the things that have so far been imagined are simply stunning! Here is a list of a few things that are possible within the Ethereum network that are listed on the platform's official website:
“Create a currency and issue shares.”
“Contracts, law, and escrow.”
“Financial instruments and derivatives.”
“Decentralized organizations (DAOs).”
“Decentralized voting.”
“Decentralized data storage.”
These are only a few basic things that are listed on Ethereum's website. The possibilities are literally endless. The concept is so simple yet elegant; a decentralized system of contracts that can be used to create anything that is desired. However, the development process is extremely complex. This project is the cutting edge of decentralization technology, far outweighing that of the various crypto-currencies, despite their constant growth and improvement.
It is essentially impossible to cover all of the things that can be done on Ethereum, because literally anything that is contract-based can be done. So let us imagine what the operation of a city would look like on the Ethereum network. Imagine that a neighborhood or city has a social contract outlined in a digital format on Ethereum. The contract would guarantee things that normal governments provide today, such as water and electricity. However, this social contract would be completely voluntary, there would be no forced taxation of violent enforcement of the rules, or laws—if they could be called laws under this system. An individual moving into the area would consent to this social contract by sending an Ether to an address that is owned by a company or agency responsible for supplying and maintaining the utility in question, whether it be water, power, sewer, telephone, etc. This transaction would set another transaction in motion, in which the person who has newly confirmed their or their consent to the social contract puts the necessary payment into an escrow service, which would of course operate on Ethereum. The company would then turn on the water, power, etc. in this person's house.
Once the utility has been turned on, the person confirms the transaction by approving the release of their funds from the escrow account. The process repeats in the next payment cycle. If the utility company turns on the power but the resident does not release the money from escrow, the company simply turns the power off. There is no force involved, everyone is responsible for their actions. Failure to comply with the explicitly agreed upon contract results in a revocation of the services provided under the contract. This scenario seems like a much more peaceful method of conducting society indeed!
Ethereum is still in the development stages at this point, so there are no empirical facts currently available about the efficacy of this system. So all we can do is speculate and theorize, which is what we have been doing above. However, if Ethereum is successfully implemented, the situation described in the previous paragraph could indeed become a reality, along with an infinite set of other social and economic organizations. If it can be imagined, and built based on a system of decentralized contracts—which everything can be, theoretically—then it can be done on Ethereum.
The second part will discuss in potentials, Btc-Etherum and implementations, You can read the second part HERE
On May 22, an Islamic suicide bomber detonated themselves outside a pop concert in Manchester, England, killing and wounding dozens, many of them young children.
The terrorist was a 22-year-old named Salman Abedi. A few days after the attack, I was reading an article about the mosque they attended—the Didsbury Mosque. “That's funny,” I thought looking at the accompanying photo, “that doesn't look like a mosque, it looks like a church.”
Sure enough, as I discovered, the Didsbury Mosque was once the Albert Park Methodist Chapel. It had been bought by the local Syrian Muslim community and transformed into a Muslim place of worship.
Similar transformations have been taking place in other parts of the UK. St. Mark's Church in London is now the New Peckham Mosque, St. Peter's Church in Cobridge was sold to the Madina Mosque. The Brick Lane Mosque in London was originally a Methodist church. But church-to-mosque conversions are only part of a larger story. There are now 423 mosques in London, and the number is expected to grow. Meanwhile, 500 London churches have closed since 2001, and in all of England 10,000 churches have closed since 1960.
The transformation of the Albert Park Methodist Church to the Didsbury Mosque is emblematic of one of the most significant shifts in history: the transformation of Europe from a largely Christian continent to a largely Islamic one. The transformation is far from complete, and there's an outside chance the process can be reversed, but time and demographics favor Islam.
In several of Europe's cities, the Muslim population now hovers around the thirty percent mark. In ten years' time, that will be forty percent. Of course that doesn't mean 40 percent of highly committed Muslims facing 60 percent of deeply devout Christians. Both faiths have their share of half-hearted “nominals” for whom religion is a more cultural inheritance than a deeply held conviction. Still, the “nominal” problem is a much greater problem for European Christians than for European Muslims. In many European countries, Sunday church attendance is the 5-10 percent range whereas mosque attendance is very high in relation to the size of the Muslim population. In England, there are already more Muslims attending Friday prayers than there are Christians attending Anglican services on Sundays. A study by Christian Research predicts that by 2020 the number of Muslims attending prayer service in England and Wales will exceed the number of Catholics attending weekly Mass.
It's also noteworthy that the expanding Muslim population in Europe is relatively young, whereas the declining “Christian” population is an aging one. Sixty-forty seems like good odds until you realize that the average age of the 60 percenters will be around 55 while the average age of the 40 percenters will be around 25.
You may object that if there is any fighting to be done, most of the fighting on the “Christian” side will be done by the army, not by citizens in walkers and wheelchairs. But keep in mind that the military draws its recruits from the ranks of the young. As the population of the people that Islamists refer to as “crusaders” ages, European governments will be forced to draw more of their new recruits from the Muslim population. The same goes for the police forces. Many Muslims will serve their country or their city faithfully, but many will have divided loyalties, and some will have signed up in the first place with mutiny in mind.
Most likely, however, the transformation will be effected without major battles. It won't be a matter of numbers or of military strength, but of strength of belief. Those with the strongest beliefs will prevail. Those who are not sure what to believe will submit without a fight.
Will Europe Defend its “Values”?
That's the theme of Michel Houellebecq's Submission, a novel about the gradual Islamization of France. The protagonist, a middle-aged professor, has a number of qualms about the Islamic takeover of the university system, but nothing sufficient to resist it. The things they value most—literature, good food, and sex—are, in the end, no impediment to accepting Islam. True, they are offered several inducements to convert—career advancement, plenty of money, and several “wives”—but one gets the impression that, even without these incentives, they would still eventually convert. At one point prior to their submission, they think about joining a monastic order as their literary hero, J.K. Huysmans, had done, but they soon realizes that they lack the necessary Christian conviction. Indeed, they have no strong convictions.
Their plight is the plight of contemporary Europe in a nutshell. Many Europeans see no sense in resisting Islamization because they have nothing worth defending. To be sure, European leaders still talk about “our values,” but they can't seem to specify what those values are, beyond appeals to “diversity” and “pluralism.” For example, after the Manchester massacre, British Prime Minister Theresa May stated that “our values—the liberal, pluralistic values of Britain—will always prevail over the hateful ideology of the terrorists.”
I'm not so sure of that. In an earlier era, Brits would have connected their values to God, country, family, and honor. In other words, things worth fighting for. But “liberal, pluralistic values”? That's not very solid ground on which to take your stand. Who wants to die for diversity? Indeed, it can be argued that the worship of diversity for its own sake is what allowed terrorists to get a foothold in England in the first place. No one wanted to question all those diverse preachers spreading their diverse message about Jews, infidels, and homosexuals. The trouble is, unless there are higher values than diversity, there's no way of judging between good diversities and bad diversities—between, say, honoring your wife and honor-killing them if they displease you.
The same is true of freedom. Freedom is a fundamental right, but what you do with your freedom is also important. There has to be some higher objective value that directs our choices to good ends rather than bad ones. Otherwise, freedom becomes a license to do anything one pleases.
An Attack on Childhood
Here we touch on a very touchy subject. I would not like to be in Theresa May's shoes when, after a horrifying attack, they have to come up with just the right words. But one thing they said struck me as not quite right. They said: “We struggle to comprehend the warped and twisted mind that sees a room packed with young children not as a scene to cherish, but as an opportunity for carnage.”
It's possible to fully agree with May's sentiments while, at the same time, noting that there once was a time when a room full of children watching an Ariana Grande concert would not be considered “a scene to cherish.” “Her dress, dancing, and song lyrics,” wrote one columnist, “are deliberately decadent and immodest.” And, after watching some YouTube clips of their performances, I would have to agree. I'm pretty sure that most of the parents I know would not want their children to attend one of their concerts.
While the world was justly outraged at Salman Abedi's attack on innocent children, no one seems to notice the attack on childhood innocence that the typical pop concert represents. The two “attacks” should not be equated, of course. The producers of pop concerts are not the moral equivalents of a suicide bomber. Still, the fact that so many parents saw nothing wrong with dropping their children off at the Manchester concert suggests a great deal of moral confusion in the West.
Unfortunately, such moral confusion leaves people vulnerable to those who are absolutely certain about their beliefs. The moral relativism of the West is one of the chief reasons why the Islamic cultural jihad has been so successful. People who can't see that the soft-porn style of Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, and Ariana Grande is not good for children will have difficulty seeing the problem with polygamy, child marriage, and other aspects of sharia law. In a relativistic society, the safest default position is “who's to judge?”
Relativism Leads to Islamic Dominance
Earlier I said that Europe is being transformed from a Christian culture to an Islamic culture, but that's not quite accurate because it's actually a three-stage transformation. Much of Europe has already transitioned out of its Christian stage and into a post-Christian or secular stage. There are still many Christians in Europe, but Europe's Christian consciousness has been largely lost. The next stage is the transition from secularism to Islam. That's not inevitable, but it's likely because without a framework of Judeo-Christian beliefs, secularism becomes relativism and relativism can't offer much resistance to determined true believers.
Back in 2014, Theresa May said “we celebrate different ways of life, we value diversity, and we cherish our freedom to lead our lives as we choose.” But if your culture stands for nothing more than the freedom to shop for different lifestyles, it won't last long. The contemporary Western fascination with pop culture highlights the problem. Pop culture is by its very nature a transient phenomenon. What is pop today won't be pop tomorrow. Indeed, the popular culture of tomorrow may very well favor burqas, multiple wives, and male supremacy. There may still be a place for singer-dancers like Ariana Grande and Miley Cyrus, but that place would most likely be as a harem dancer in a Sultan's palace or as entertainment for a Saudi prince who has bought up a country estate in Oxfordshire.
It's hard to beat transcendent values with transient values. That's especially the case when the transcendent crowd are willing to die (and kill you in the process) for their values. Most Brits, on the other hand, are not willing to lay down their lives for the sake of keeping bacon on the menu or porn on the telly.
Christianity vs. Two Forms of Totalitarianism
When I use the word “transcendent,” I refer only to a belief in an eternal life beyond this worldly existence. Quite obviously, as in the case of Salman Abedi, transcendent values can be twisted. The idea that God will reward you for murdering innocent young women in Manchester by furnishing you with virginal young women in paradise is a truly twisted concept. But apparently it is widely shared in the Muslim world. When, during a World Cup qualifier in Australia, a minute of silence was called to commemorate the London terror victims, the whole Saudi soccer team refused to observe it. As Sheik Mohammad Tawhidi later explained:
In their eyes the attackers are martyrs who are going to paradise. And if they stand for a minute of silence they are against their Muslim brothers who fought for jihad and fought the infidels.
As twisted as these values may be, it's beginning to look as though secular values aren't up to the job of opposing them. The trouble with secular values when they are cut off from their Judeo-Christian roots is that they are arbitrary. Autonomy? Dignity? Equality? Says who?
“If there is no God,” wrote Dostoevsky, “everything is permitted.” Secularism has no God and, therefore, no ultimate standard of judgment. The end result is that each man becomes their own god and does their own thing—even if that “thing” involves the exploitation of childhood innocence. Islam, on the other hand, does believe in God, but not the God Dostoevsky had in mind. The God of Islam is an arbitrary despot whose commands are not rooted in reason, love, or justice.
So we have two arbitrary systems vying for control of the West—the soft totalitarianism of secularism and the hard totalitarianism of Islam. Both are really forms of slavery. Muslims are slaves of a tyrannical God, and secular man becomes the slave of their own desires and addictions. It may seem unthinkable that the West will ever submit to Islam, but many Western citizens are already in submission mode. Submission to their desires has put them in a bad spot. As a result, they are looking for something bigger to submit to—something outside and above their own fragile selves. Some have already turned to Islam. Many more wills unless…
Unless, that is, there is a recovery of the Judeo-Christian belief that God is a God of love, justice, reason, and goodness—and that we are made in their image (a concept which does not exist in Islam). In the context of that vision, belief in human dignity and the rights of man is thoroughly justified.
People who believe that they and their neighbor are made in the image of God will generally have a strong sense of their responsibility to act accordingly. Such people will be far from perfect, but they will at least realize that it is wrong to submit both to Islam's warped image of God and to secularism's degraded image of man.
In the end, the choice for the West is not between Islam and pluralistic secularism. A rootless secularism will almost certainly submit to Islam. The only real hope for the West is the recovery of the faith that once inspired Christians to build a beautiful church near Albert Park in West Didsbury, England.
(Photo credit: Associated Press)
Chika Takami's role as center for the school idol group Aqours has been called into question after a series of poor performances, culminating in an abysmal 91-88 loss to the New Orleans Hornets last night. The 5'2″ 2nd year veteran struggled to establish themselves in the paint, tallying a season-low 6 rebounds.
Due to the fact their roster is composed of high school anime girls, Aqours have found themselves struggling to keep up with the physicality of the NBA. The school idol group has been plagued by defensive woes and poor interior play. They are currently mired in a seven-game losing streak; last winning against the Phoenix Suns in early November.
It was not all bad for Takami — they outperformed Hornets center Dwight Howard, who was dominated all game by Aqours power forward You Watanabe.
The options for Aqours at center are limited: the most obvious choice is Mari Ohara, the tallest member of Aqours towering at 5'4″. When pressed for a statement, Aqours head coach David Blatt refused to comment on roster decisions, but did confirm that Ruby Kurosawa would not feature at center anytime in the near future.
Westminster court heard today how after the incident Sinitta had to pick up bill as Ward told her: 'You can buy my champagne b****' and stormed out
Incident allegedly occurred when Sinitta and Ward met at sushi restaurant for peace talks following allegations of rumours being spread on Twitter
Dawn Ward, 42, who appears in reality TV show Real Housewives of Cheshire, is accused of punching pop singer Sinitta (pictured outside court today) during a row at Salmontini le Resto restaurant in London
Eighties pop star Sinitta felt 'bullied and embarrassed' when they were punched by a Real Housewife of Cheshire in a heated row at a Belgravia restaurant, a court heard today.
Dawn Ward, 42, who is married to former footballer Ashley Ward, is accused of punching Sinitta Malone and throwing a napkin at them at the exclusive Salmontini le Resto in central London last April.
The row is said to have erupted between the former friends, pictured happily just a month before, when Sinitta, 52, confronted Ward for spreading rumours about their mutual friend having an affair.
After becoming embroiled in a heated argument, Ward is accused of throwing a punch at the former girlfriend of Simon Cowell and hurling a napkin at them as shocked diners looked on.
Giving evidence at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London today, Sinitta said they had been left feeling 'bullied', 'powerless', and 'upset' by the alleged attack at the hands of the mother-of-four.
They said: 'She was angry about what I was saying and they have just, you know, gotten angry, and jumped up and sort of shoved me.
'First of all they shoved me in my chest. The second time was like sort of hitting me in the face.
'At the same time I was quite shocked because I didn't really know what had happened, because I didn't really expect it to happen at all.'
Sinitta, wearing a smart dress and grey heels, told the court they felt that - as someone who was a public personality - they were 'embarrassed because there was lots of shouting and swearing'.
They continued: 'I was trying, I suppose, to save face - defuse everything. But it (the shove) was enough to feel, to hurt. I did feel it, it hurt.'
They described the pain as registering 'six' on a one to 10 scale.
The entertainer said they had arranged the meeting in the hope of sitting down and clearing the air over a separate incident that occurred at a beauty salon the previous month.
But as they began to explain what had happened Ward became aggressive, the court heard.
'She was telling me to shut my effing mouth, and all these kinds of things,' Sinitta told the court.
'At one point they threatened to put the glass in my face,' said Sinitta, adding that Ward had been drinking champagne.
Sinitta was asked by the defence whether they had labelled Ward 'a f****** liar' before telling them that their husband was 's******* around' - something which may have prompted Ward to prod them to get their attention and carry on the row, the court was told.
'That is a complete lie,' Sinitta replied. 'I do not even recognise their husband. If they walked into the room I would not even know who they are. I met them both at a party once four years ago.
'There was just so much venom for no reason.'
Ward was said to have 'upped the ante' during the argument by threatening to throw both their champagne and later the actual glass at Sinitta if they did not 'shut up' at the dinner table.
'She said earlier on in the thing "you are going to get this champagne in your face in a minute",' Sinitta said. 'After, they said "if you carry on you are going to get this glass in your face".'
They claimed witnesses at the restaurant, where a bottle of wine can cost up to £800, were concerned for them wellbeing.
They said: 'I'm not saying people thought they were going to murder me but they could see I was unhappy.'
They claim they were then left to pick up the bill after Ward stormed out, while apparently shouting at Sinitta: 'You can buy my champagne b****.'
Scroll down for video
Real Housewives of Cheshire star Dawn Ward, 42, (pictured left outside Westminster Magistrates' Court, London today with their husband, former footballer Ashley Ward) is standing trial accused of assault by beating
The alleged attack is said to have happened at the Salmontini le Resto sushi restaurant in central London
They continued: 'I was quite shocked and when I went home I started crying in the car.
'I am an entertainer, so I am used to trying to save face. When I started to digest what had happened, I was very upset. Very upset. And I felt helpless because this has happened and there is nothing I can do about it.'
CCTV of the incident, which was played in court, shows the pair sitting at the table with two other women.
Singer and television presenter Lizzie Cundy, who gave evidence in court today, was also present at the restaurant and sat at the bar while the women met and talked, it was said.
In the footage, Ward and Sinitta can be seen having a heated argument with the footballer's wife gesticulating with their arms. At one point they are seen allegedly shoving the singer in the chest.
Prosecutor Christian Wheeliker said: 'The Crown's case is that Ms Malone and Mrs Ward and others were at a restaurant to discuss rumours circulating between members of the group.
'Ms Malone and Mrs Ward argued and during that argument Mrs Ward made physical contact with Ms Malone without their consent.
'It is not disputed that the parties argued in the restaurant.
'The issues identified are whether any physical contact took place and also whether Mrs Ward punched the complainant or threatened to glass her.'
Lisa Judge, for the defence, said the meeting arose at the exclusive restaurant following some 'tittle tattle' about infidelity at an event on March 5 at the Revive beauty salon in Cheshire.
They said that Sinitta tweeted about the attack some 23 days later, and when asked why they had chosen to reveal the incident on social media, added: 'It is my right to Tweet it to complain about the way I was treated that day'.
Real Housewives of Cheshire star Dawn Ward, 42, and their husband Ashley Ward arrive at Westminster Magistrates' Court, London, today ahead of their trial over allegations they assaulted pop star Sinitta
The mother-of-four is accused of shoving Sinitta Malone, best known for their string of hits in the Eighties, during peace talks at Salmontini le Resto in central London in April last month. The pair is pictured just a month prior
Sinitta claims that following their tweets, they were contacted by a woman who also claims to have previously been attacked by Ward.
They said: 'I had been contacted by another woman that Dawn attacked and has been permanently scarred.
'She spoke to me privately about everything they endured and said we must stop this happening again because she's doing it over and over again and getting away with it.
'I realised I had a lucky escape.'
But Miss Judge said Sinitta only went to the police after receiving a threatening letter from lawyers.
Miss Judge asked her: 'You had a warning about defamation and about libel. Did you report it to the police before that?'
The singer replied: 'Did I report it to the police before that? No.'
Sinitta told the court they reported the incident to police after feeling 'threatened' and 'bullied'.
'I believed that Dawn should be warned officially or lawfully so they do not just continue to beat people up,' they said.
'I waited until I received proof because I had also been made aware that Dawn was telling a completely different version of events.'
Miss Judge, for Ward, suggested Sinitta had leaked details of the attack to the press in a crude effort to 'fuel their own publicity' in 'one big publicity stunt'.
Admitting reporters followed them on Twitter and called them after the row, they insisted that they gave no such information to the press and claimed it 'was not publicity that is good for anyone'.
The court also heard evidence from Ms Cundy, who was present during the argument.
Describing the incident, the ex-wife of former Chelsea footballer Jason Cundy, said: 'From what I remember, Sinitta started explaining because there were some really nasty rumours.'
They said the argument got heated and there was a lot of going 'back and forth', adding: 'Sinitta, if I am right, said something regarding Dawn's marriage, which I think incensed Dawn.
'And then Dawn sort of got up and kind of shoved, from what I remember, because I was sitting. It was on their shoulder. It was like "you have crossed the line talking about my marriage".'
Singer Lizzie Cundy, who was formerly married to ex-footballer Jason Cundy, arrived at Westminster Magistrates' Court today to give evidence at the trial (left). Right: Sinitta is seen arriving at the court today
American-born singer Sinitta (left) is best-known for being a long-term friend of X Factor's Simon Cowell (together, right) and had hits in the 1980s with 'So Macho', 'Toy Boy' and 'Cross My Broken Heart'
Ms Cundy explained that Ward had used their fingers to push against Ms Malone and just 'shove' them
'It wasn't a punch, it was a finger,' they said.
Dressed in a black leather skirt, a white shirt and a black blazer, they told the court they had known Ward for some time and that they were a tactile person who would often touch them to get them attention.
Ms Cundy added that as far as they recalled Ward had not threatened to glass Sinitta, but had said that they would throw their champagne at them if they did not stop lying.
Interior designer Angela Ward, who drove a 'shaking and crying' Sinitta home from the restaurant, also said they heard the glassing threat and saw Ward hit them
They said: 'She suggested they would hit them with a glass. A Champagne glass. They definitely said "I will put this glass in your face".
'She got up when the argument got heated and they hit Sinitta. I tried to hold Mrs Ward, I tried to hold their arms so they would calm down. They told me to get off their f****** arms.
'At that point I said, "Just sit down".'
They claimed Ward was the 'aggressor' and they used their hand and struck Sinitta around their arm or shoulder.
Dawn Ward, 42, (third right) stars alongside their fellow Real Housewives in the hit show Real Houswives of Cheshire. Pictured: (L-R) Lauren Simon, Ampika Pickston, Leanne Brown, Tanya Ward, Magali Gorre
Left to right: Magali Gorre, Ampika Pickston, Tanya Bardsley, Leanne Brown, Lauren Simon and Dawn Ward
Dressed smartly in a white blouse, black blazer and black trousers, Ward was accompanied to court today by their husband, who they run property and interior design company Bilton Ward Developments Ltd (BWD) with.
Last September, the couple put their ten-bedroom mansion, complete with cinema, gym, games room, underground bar, hair and nail salon, spray-tan room, therapy rooms, sauna, pool, wine cellar and pink princess-themed bedroom, on the market with an asking price of £14.5million.
Former model Ward has 15 horses on the 12-acre estate and employs 25 staff at BWD, plus three personal employees at their home.
The Salford-born entrepreneur boasts a celebrity clientele that includes Wayne and Coleen Rooney; Steven and Alex Gerrard and Peter Crouch and Abbey Clancy.
Them husband was a former forward, who played for eleven different clubs, including Norwich City, Blackburn Rovers and Bradford City, scoring 110 league goals, sixteen in cup competitions and whose career transfer fees total £8.46million.
Together the couple run property and interior design company Bilton Ward Developments Ltd. (BWD), which specialises in the building and renovation of luxury homes.
Sinitta, who was born in America, is best-known for being a long-term friend of X Factor's Simon Cowell and had hits in the 1980s with 'So Macho', 'Toy Boy' and 'Cross My Broken Heart'.
More recently they appeared in ITV's 'I'm a Celebrity: Get Me Out Of Here' and Channel 4's 'The Jump'.
Ward, of Alderley Edge, Cheshire, denies a single count of assault by beating after the incident on April 1.
The case was adjourned until June 10 when the prosecution case will conclude and Ward is expected to give evidence.
Up until now, Jeremy Cowart has been known as a photographer of the stars, but now they want to be known for changing the world with what they are calling “The Purpose Hotel.” For the last ten years, the celebrity photographer has photographed various celebrities including Sting, Britney Spears, the Kardashians, Taylor Swift, and others. Throughout the process, he's stayed at various hotels and, according to their Kickstarter page, none have left them inspired, so they began a new journey creating one that can.
According to Cowart, better hotel stays are the ones where you leave feeling more refreshed than you when you checked in, but if you can help change the lives of others in the process, it can be the best hotel stay ever. Cowart is the founder of a new ambitious project called The Purpose Hotel, where every product used will help support a specific cause or outreach program. Their dream is to help you “change the world while you sleep,” and help tackle real-world issues like poverty, clean water, human trafficking, and others. Sound impossible? Don't tell them that.
“For the last decade, I have been traveling around the world, shooting for, collaborating with, speaking with and meeting incredible nonprofits,” Cowart says. “Their founders and teams have become close friends, but I've never understood the bigger picture until now. My journey has led me to this moment, where I get the opportunity to help all of them through The Purpose Hotel. What a gift. I could not be more thrilled to move forward on this journey together.”
In The Purpose Hotel's Kickstarter page, Cowart explains how no two hotel stays will be the same for each guest.
“Under the room number outside your door, you see a boy or girl who your room helps gives access to education, food, clothing and more. Inside your room, you relax in a plush, modern place where you can learn about every object in the room and why it was selected. As you walk around the hotel, the walls and the art tell stories of people from cultures around the world who are part of the movement, like artisans and skilled workers.”
The Purpose Hotel has a “1 for 100” benefit model in that each stay, a guest will be able to help 100 lives or more. “We can build something that changes lives and becomes a defining mark of this generation. What will we be remembered for? We can leave a legacy of purpose, hope and freedom. (Or we can be known for Pokémon Go.)”
From blankets to specialty soaps to room furniture — a variety of different charities will benefit from those who stay at The Purpose Hotel including: Charity: Water, Compassion International, Dignify, Exile International, Fashionable, Food for the Hungry, HOPE International, International Justice Mission, Legacy Building, Mission Lazarus, Preemptive Love Coalition, Project 615, Project 7, Raven + Lily, People of the Second Chance, The Giving Keys, Thistle Farms, To Write Love on Them Arms, and Zenith Cleaners.
Have you heard of @JeremyCowart‘s project? It's called The Purpose Hotel and you can change the world in your sleep. https://t.co/r7VFgsVQ0g — Intl Justice Mission (@IJM) July 31, 2016
Jeremy Cowart doesn't want this project to be all about him, so he's inviting others into the process through Kickstarter.
“We're not crowdfunding just because we need the money. We're crowdfunding because it gives you a place in the process. The idea of this hotel being built for the world, by the world is a far more beautiful narrative than the traditional for-profit launch. The Purpose Hotel is a rallying point. It's a junction where community, justice, microenterprise, technology, art and design intersect.”
The very first Purpose Hotel is planned to be built in Nashville, Tennessee. Those who join the Kickstarter at the co-founder level will find a photo of their face shown on the walls of every Purpose Hotel built.
“We're not just building a hotel chain; we're innovating a business model that reimagines the hotel concept and allows hundreds of organizations to multiply their efforts and hundreds of thousands to fulfill their purpose — including yours,” says Cowart.
I'm so proud of my friend, Jeremy Cowart and their Purpose Hotel. I'm joining in their Kickstarter. https://t.co/smWn0Y5TaW # via @HuffPostBlog — Bob Goff (@bobgoff) July 25, 2016
[Photo by Thinkstock]
Play 09:59 Play 09:59 'Pollard, Starc should have been banned'
Kieron Pollard and Mitchell Starc have been fined for their heated altercation during the match between Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore at the Wankhede Stadium on May 6. Pollard lost 75% of their match fee while Starc was penalised 50% by match referee Andy Pycroft.
Both players admitted to level 2 offences under the IPL's code of conduct, under which the penalties for a first offence range from a fine of between 50-100% of match fee and/or a suspension of up to two matches.
Pollard was charged under article 2.2.7 of the code, which deals with, "throwing a ball (or any other item of cricket equipment such as a water bottle) at or near a player, team official, umpire, match referee or any other third person in an inappropriate and/or dangerous manner during a match."
The penalties imposed on Pollard and Starc are ... Fair
Unfair, both players should have been fined equally
Too light, they should have been banned for a game
They need not have been penalised See results »
Starc was charged under article 2.2.11, which deals with, "where the facts of the alleged incident are not adequately or clearly covered by any of the above offences, conduct that either: (a) is contrary to the spirit of the game; or (b) brings the game into disrepute."
The incident occurred in the 17th over of Mumbai's innings. Starc bowled a bouncer at Pollard, who was beaten as they attempted a hook. Starc went up to the batsman and spoke a few words and Pollard's reaction was to wave them off. As Starc ran in to bowl the next ball, Pollard pulled out of the delivery by backing away outside leg stump just as the bowler was approaching their jump. Starc did not abort the delivery, though; instead they followed the batsman and bowled the ball in anger close to Pollard's legs. Pollard responded by swinging their bat hard - appearing to threaten to throw it at the bowler - and it slipped out of their hand and fell on the leg side. Both players were visibly angry and continued to exchange words.
Starc later ran Pollard out, but before swatting the bail off they taunted the hopelessly stranded batsman, asking them to try and make their crease.
Both captains of Mumbai and RCB, Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli, were fined for slow over-rate offences during the game. Rohit had already been penalised for a poor over-rate during Mumbai's match against Sunrisers, so they were fined INR 24 lakh, while their team-mates were fined the smaller amount between INR 6 lakh and 25% of match fee. Kohli was fined INR 12 lakh because if was their first offence of the season. Royal Challengers bowler Varun Aaron was reprimanded for violating the IPL's clothing regulations.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
In 2009, two teenagers in the Democratic Republic of Congo showed up at their village health clinic, vomiting and with blood in their noses and mouths — hemorrhagic symptoms of the notorious Ebola viruses. In three days they were dead.
Yet it took three years for researchers to unmask the likely culprit: a brand-new virus called Bas-Congo, which is not related to Ebola or any other virus known to cause severe hemorrhagic fever.
It can take weeks or months to identify a novel virus, and much longer if the sample must be sent to a specialized lab, as the Bas-Congo virus was. Such lags are too long, says virologist Charles Chiu, director of the Viral Diagnostics and Discovery Center at the University of California in San Francisco.
Deciphering a virus's genetic code is the critical first step in determining how fast it might spread, identifying possible treatments and even finding vaccines. Viruses like the one that killed the Congolese teens can quickly go global, and traditional methods for identifying viruses, which only test for one pathogen at a time, could mean sacrificing untold lives.
But Chiu and their colleagues have found a way to speed up virus identification — a method they hope will one day help health care workers in remote areas identify new viruses as soon as they appear, as long as they are able to access the Web.
The team conducted a proof-of-concept test in which they eventually identified the Congolese virus.
Typically, it takes three months to piece together a complete viral genetic code. The new process can identify an unknown virus in less than two hours, and Chiu's team can put together the entire genetic code of a virus in a single day.
Chiu's colleagues are working to get more DNA sequencers — and expertise to use them — into the hands of health care workers in potential virus hotbeds. Meanwhile, Chiu and their team hope to put their virus-identifying system on the Web so health workers anywhere can access it.
Chiu's vision: When patients show up at a clinic with an unknown pathogen, health care workers could take swabs and run DNA sequences onsite, then use smartphones or laptops to feed the results to an online network that would deliver results in minutes.
[This article originally appeared in print as "The Race to Peg a Virus."]
Getty Images
Justin Verlander opposes Ivan Nova when the Tigers host the Yankees on "Monday Night Baseball." Each pitcher is having a surprising season but for different reasons.
The New York Yankees visit the Detroit Tigers on "Monday Night Baseball" (ESPN, 7 ET). Each team's starting pitcher is having a surprising season -- for different reasons.
Last season Justin Verlander became the 10th pitcher in major league history to win the MVP and Cy Young awards in the same season. He's not generating the same buzz this season but he's pitching just as well.
Justin Verlander MLB Ranks
He's a classic workhorse -- they lead the majors in pitches thrown with 2,483, 62 more than the next-closest pitcher. That might not sound like much, but the difference between first and second is the same as the distance between second and seventh.
This just a season after they threw more than 4,300 pitches, including the postseason, the most by an AL pitcher since 1990.
Although their walk rate is slightly up and their strikeout rate is slightly down, the results have been almost identical. They have improved two important peripherals -- their swing-and-miss percentage and their home run rate.
He's on pace for only 17 wins this season, which would be tied for the second fewest of their career, but only seven qualified starters have gotten less run support than Verlander (3.41 runs per start).
Ivan Nova Past 2 Seasons
Opposing Verlander is Ivan Nova, who went 16-4 with a 3.70 ERA in their first full major league season in 2011. They may be 10-5 this season -- thanks in part to the 10th-best run support in the American League, nearly two runs per game more than Verlander -- but the rest of the numbers tell a different story.
Why has their performance dropped? It's due mostly to their home run rate and their opponents' batting average on balls in play.
He's allowing way more fly balls (34 percent, up from 27 percent) and more of them are leaving the park. On top of that, nearly 21 percent of balls in play against Nova have been line drives -- only 12 qualified pitchers have allowed a higher line-drive rate.
The Yankees' defense is partly to blame as well -- their BABIP on ground balls is .255 this season (up from .215 in 2011). Last season the Yankees had -9 defensive runs saved as a team -- this season they're already at -18.
Ivan Nova Fastball/Changeup
Nova is throwing their fastball and changeup less and their curveball and slider more often this season. He's allowed the same exact batting average (.204) this season as last on the breaking pitches, but the fastball/changeup combo has been disastrous. Perhaps those pitches are not as sharp with the decreased usage.
STAT TO WATCH
Ichiro Suzuki has a hit in all 12 games since joining the Yankees, which is tied for the longest hit streak to start a Yankees career in franchise history (according to the Elias Sports Bureau). Don Slaught had a hit in their first 12 games with the team in 1988.
Story highlights The shooting occurred Wednesday night when their mother was at work, authorities say
Deputies: They also shot their 16-year-old brother, who is hospitalized with a nonlife threatening injury
(CNN) A 13-year-old Florida boy killed their 6-year-old brother and wounded an older sibling following a food disagreement -- then committed suicide with the same gun, authorities said.
"This is a nightmare when you hear about the ages of these boys," said Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco. "A 6-year-old that was probably playing in their room, an argument over food, and they lost their lives."
The incident took place Wednesday at a mobile home park in Hudson that the shooter shared with three brothers and their mom.
The oldest brother, 18, wasn't at home, and the mother was at work.
The three remaining boys were at home eating dinner when an argument started over food, the sheriff's office said. It didn't say exactly what transpired.
Read More
Google Glass has raised the profile of glasses as a new form factor for computing, and in its wake has come a raft of startups with their own interpretations how of computers could sit on the bridge of your nose. One of the most ambitious is Meta, a Silicon Valley startup that aims to outdo Google on two fronts: its technology uses gesture recognition to let you manipulate the digital objects the glasses show in front of you, using augmented reality. It also wants to avoid turning its early adopters into geeky, "glassholes," designing its device to look as stylish as your average pair of sunglasses.
The first iteration of Meta's glasses, the Meta 1 and 2, were actually more of a headset than glasses, and more bulky than stylish. They featured block-like frames and a strap that went around the head. On Tuesday Meta unveiled metaPro (pictured above), an upgrade to its glasses design that looks sleeker overall and does away with both the strap and block-like look. It weighs 180 grams and boasts of a virtual display that's 15 times larger than that of Google Glass, optics that are 2 mm thin and a 40 degree field of view aligned for stereoscopic display.
Sensors that were previously on top as a detachable block have now been built into the brow of the glasses. Co-founder Meron Gribetz says for the next series of metaPros after this, sensors will shrink even further to the size of a stick of gum. The metaPro goes on sale on the Meta website Tuesday, and the company says it will ship to consumers this June 2014.
The glasses are not wireless like Google Glass, though Meta wants them to be eventually. Instead when wearing the device, a single cord runs down the wearer's back and plugs into a rectangular, mini computer in their pocket. This mini computer is slightly larger than an iPhone, and takes care of all the processing power and wireless connectivity for the glasses. Meta expects early customers to use the metaPros primarily at home, virtually connecting to their smartphones which might be in another room, so that while holding out their bare hand in front of them they can see a virtual manifestation of the phone and use it to take calls or watch a film.
So far Meta has sold several hundred of its earlier-generation devices, which each cost $667, to developers, bringing in more than $650,000 in revenue. Among the apps that developers are currently working on for the device: software that overlays visual instructions and vital signs on an injured person for medical technicians, and a virtual, live-action role playing game.
The startup is a graduate of the Y Combinator Accelerator in Mountain View and has about 30 employees designing, engineering and batch producing the Meta glasses out of a 23 acre property in California's Portola Valley. Meta's founders figured that the cost of renting a large property where staffers could also live was about on par with renting office space in expensive, downtown San Francisco or Palo Alto. The six-bedroom property features tennis courts, pool and "car barn" which the founders hope to eventually fill with software engineers.
While most of the Meta devices are assembled in a facility in Las Vegas, a team of the startup's hardware engineers assemble a small proportion of the devices themselves in a spacious room that once served as a concert hall, where the property's previous owner played a enormous church organ.
The unusual company received angel funding from Y Combinator and Fenox Venture Capital and looks on course to raise more funding soon. Gribetz, 28, started Meta in their dorm room in Columbia University in December 2012, hacking a pair of 3D glasses from Epson and fusing them with a Intel -made camera that could track hand movements. (The current metaPro uses a camera made by SoftKinetic.) All the software ran on the popular gaming engine Unity 3D. Most of the tech came off-the-shelf.
“I have to build something that's as beautiful as a pair of designer sunglasses,” they said. “This it they culmination of hundreds of hours of planning. How do you fit this complex componentry into something so small and slim.”
Denial eSports would like to proudly announce it's return to the eSports scene of Counter Strike: Global Offensive. The team is a mixture of North American and European players, featuring plenty of experience and talent.
Team Background:
Team Captain David “XP3” Garrido has had a long career in Counter Strike, dating back to 2006 when they won their first Premier Title at CPL Italy under “All Against Authority”. More recently, however, they have achieved two first place finishes at both LAN ETS 2015 and Alienware Area 51 Cup #1, playing under Mythic and eLevate respectively. XP3 bring a wealth of knowledge and experience within the Counter Strike eSports scene, qualities which they will be looking to bring to the Denial team.
Todd “Anger” Williams , long time teammate of XP3, had a great start to their Counter Strike eSports career. They placed first in four out of their first five events, including Premier events such as the Global Finals of Season 15 of ESEA, as well as LAN ETS 2014. Since then, they have many respectable finishes to their record and will be looking towards the top once again with Denial.
Kyle “FlowsicK” Mendez is also a long time teammate of XP3, with the trio teaming together most recently in Season 3 of the ESL NA Pro League under “Winterfox” and, more recently, under the team name of “PiedPiper”. Like Anger and XP3, FlowsicK has a couple of 1st place finishes under their belt in Counter Strike eSports, with many more respectable placings.
Alexander “Skytten” Carlsson is a European player from Sweden who has three First Place finishes to their name in Counter Strike eSports, most recently at the Uprise Champions Cup Europe Finals. They have had a great career in European competition so far and is now making the transition to North America.
Christian "Spitfire" Schiölde is another European player, also from Sweden, who will be transitioning to North American competition. Spitfire has had less event placings than their Denial teammates, but they do have a great record across the board, including four Top 3 placings in their last four events, with their most recent event being a 1st Place.
The team will be living in a house together in California, with Swedish players Spitfire and Skytten making their way over to North America. They will be looking to work on their chemistry and teamwork ahead of the next set of competitions - MTW Premier League, ESWC 2016 Qualifier, NA Major Qualifier, E-League Qualifier.
On the topic of joining Denial eSports, team captain David “XP3” Garrido said and Denial's COO, Ray Arsenault, had a few words to say:
“I'm excited to be playing with my long time teammates Anger and FlowsicK. I'm also looking forward to work with some familiar faces in Denial and last but not least, I cannot wait to start playing with our new additions from Sweden! It's time for us to get back to work and show what we are made of.” - David Garrido
“I'm extremely excited to start working with this roster, going back into CS:GO. I have worked with most of them in the past and I'm really looking forward to what this team will bring going into the future.” - Ray Arsenault, COO Denial eSports
You can find all team members over on Twitter and at:
David “XP3” Garrido | @xp3cs
Todd “Anger” Williams | @angercs
Kyle “FlowsicK” Mendez | @flowsickGO
Alexander “Skytten” Carlsson | @SKYTTENcs
Christian "Spitfire" Schiölde | @SpitfireCSGO
Please join us in giving the team a warm welcome to the Wolfpack and we wish them the best of luck going into all future competitions. Follow them, as well as @DenialEsports to keep up with news about the team and their competitions.
Mark Richardson // @_Devizen
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Mervyn King: "Greece debt problems pose the most serious and immediate risk to UK banks"
The Bank of England's new financial policy committee (FPC) has called for an audit of UK banks' exposure to the eurozone debt crisis.
The Bank's governor Sir Mervyn King said the debt problems of Greece and other countries posed "the most serious and immediate risk" to UK banks.
The FPC also called for banks to divert their profits towards building up their reserves against future losses.
Prime Minister David Cameron welcomed the committee's suggestions.
"Every bank needs to make absolutely clear what its exposure is," they said following a European Council summit in Brussels.
"We need to make sure all our banks are being strengthened in terms of their capital reserves and what they can withstand."
UK lenders need to build up their capital buffers as part of the Basel III international agreement, which was designed to ensure that all banks worldwide are better able to withstand another financial crisis.
Sir Mervyn said that by paying out less of their profits to shareholders and employees, the banks could rebuild their capital without having to cut back on lending.
In the conclusions of its first meeting, the committee asked the soon-to-be-replaced Financial Services Authority (FSA) to ensure that the banks it supervises comply with the recommendation.
The Bank of England points out that there is an 80% probability that the Greek government won't be able to repay all its debt Read Robert's blog Bank of England Financial Stability Report
Tangled web
Regarding the eurozone, the Bank governor said that while UK banks may not have lent very much directly to Greece and other troubled economies, they were still at risk of financial contagion.
"The direct exposures of UK banks to Greece are really remarkably small," they said in response to a question at the press conference.
But they said that British banks may be exposed to other lenders who may get into trouble if they were to suffer big losses on their loans to distressed eurozone countries.
The FPC said that all banks, big and small, should be permanently required to report more thoroughly their exposures to different countries.
"There is always uncertainty about the scale of exposures, which counter-parties out there are the ones which are heavily exposed," they explained.
They said this can lead to a crisis of confidence in the banks, because lenders cannot untangle the web of risk exposures involved.
'Gift'
Sir Mervyn also queried whether the emergency loans being arranged for Greece would do much to save it from default.
"Simply the belief that we just lend a bit more will never be [an] answer [to a question] which is essentially one of solvency," they said.
They said that a country such as Greece, that had more debts than it was able to repay, had two options.
"One is to receive gifts or transfers from other countries," they said - something that goes well beyond the loans being discussed with European counterparts.
The Bank governor did not specify whether a default by Greece on its debts might also constitute such a "gift", provided by Greece's existing lenders.
The second option was improving competitiveness to enables the "current account deficit to be turned into a surplus".
Many economists have said that the most obvious way for Greece to do this is by leaving the euro and allowing its currency to devalue.
Opaque
Among the committee's other recommendations was that the FSA carry out a more extensive review of whether the banks have set aside enough money to cover possible losses on their lending and how much debt relief they are granting customers.
The FPC also raised a warning flag over "exchange-traded funds" or ETFs.
Sir Mervyn said that many of these funds - which are traded on the stock exchange and offer investors the return on an index or portfolio of investments - were opaque.
Speaking at the same press conference, Hector Sants, who runs the FSA, questioned whether "synthetic ETFs" - which use financial derivatives to make their investments - were appropriate for ordinary individual investors.
CBS
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- A jury on Thursday ruled that Samsung must pay Apple $290,456,793 in additional damages for patent infringement, slightly less than the $380 million Apple had requested.
That brings its total award to about $930 million. Samsung believed it owed Apple only $52 million more in damages.
"For Apple, this case has always been about more than patents and money," Apple said in a statement. "It has been about innovation and the hard work that goes into inventing products that people love. While it's impossible to put a price tag on those values, we are grateful to the jury for showing Samsung that copying has a cost."
Samsung, meanwhile, said it is "disappointed by today's decision, which is based in large part on a patent that the US Patent and Trademark Office has recently deemed invalid."
"While we move forward with our post-trial motions and appeals, we will continue to innovate with groundbreaking technologies and great products that are loved by our many customers all around the world," the Korean company said in a statement.
The jury of six women and two men reached the decision slightly before noon PT Thursday after deliberating since midday Tuesday. Wednesday, the jury requested more information about how to determine Apple's lost profits, but most other questions related to office supplies -- they needed calculators and highlighters -- and lunch -- they got pretty sick of the catered sourdough sandwiches.
Most jurors expressed some tech savviness, but one woman professed to having no cell phones in their home. Another, the supervisor, served as a combat medic before moving to the San Francisco Bay area and opening their own business. One man works as a therapist, while another is a pharmacist.
Jurors who spoke with the press following the verdict said they awarded Apple the entire amount it requested for royalties and its lost profits. They split the difference between what Samsung says its operating costs were and what Apple estimated them to be. That figure was key for determining how much profit Samsung made from its copycat devices.
However, the jurors also said Samsung didn't provide enough information to make its case.
"I wish Samsung could have come up with more evidence to support its case," supervisor Colleen Allen said outside the courthouse following the verdict. The 36-year-old from Aromas, Calif., works as a nurse in a community hospital. They formerly served as a combat medic in the US military.
A jury last year ruled that Samsung had infringed on five Apple patents related to the iPhone's design and functionality. A judge earlier this year vacated about more than $400 million of the original award and ordered a new jury to convene to recalculate the damages for patent infringement. Along with the newly awarded money, Samsung also is on the hook for about $600 million in damages from the first trial.
This time around, Apple asked for $380 million in additional damages. Samsung believed it owed Apple only $52 million. The two disagreed on the amount of royalties, lost Apple profits, and Samsung's profits. What the two agreed on was that Samsung sold 10.7 million infringing devices, generating $3.5 billion in revenue.
Duking it out in court
Samsung made two last attempts this week to halt the trial. Tuesday,it requested a mistrial following what it called racist comments made by an Apple attorney during closing arguments. Then Wednesday, it filed an emergency motion to stay after the US Patent and Trademark Office said an Apple patent important to the damages case might not be valid. Judge Lucy Koh denied the mistrial request but hasn't ruled on the motion to stay.
Apple argued against the motion to stay, saying Samsung's strategy to delay "has crossed the bounds of reason." The company said that Samsung misstated the status of the '915 patent reexaminations, and granting the motion would nullify the entire retrial and cause a huge waste of resources. It also would cause "extreme prejudice" against Apple's case and require a retrial of the retrial.
A retrial to determine the additional damages Samsung owes Apple kicked off last Tuesday with jury selection, followed by opening arguments Wednesday. Witnesses who took the stand included Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing; and several expert witnesses who calculated the total damages owed.
For most, the damages retrial was a case of "Groundhog Day." No new revelations emerged during the testimony, and most witnesses also took the stand during the last trial more than a year ago. Apple's witnesses argued Samsung's copycat devices hurt the company, while Samsung argued that people seek out its devices more for their differences than similarities to Apple gadgets.
Not at issue in this case was whether Samsung infringed Apple's patents. The judge instructed the jury that a previous jury already decided Samsung infringed, and that they shouldn't revisit that issue. The sole consideration in the retrial was money -- just how much Samsung owes Apple for infringing its patents.
Apple arrived at the $380 million amount based on lost profits of about $114 million, Samsung's profits of about $231 million, and reasonable royalties of approximately $35 million. Apple estimates it would have sold 360,000 devices if Samsung hadn't released infringing rivals.
Samsung, meanwhile, said Apple shouldn't receive any money for lost profits, $52.7 million for Samsung's profits, and royalties of only $28,452 because the patents have limitations.
Apple and Samsung made their final pitches to the jury in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California here on Tuesday. Apple attorneys Bill Lee and Harold McElhinny argued that Samsung's patent infringement significantly harmed the company. Apple made a big investment and took huge risks when building the first iPhone, they said. As a result, Apple should receive higher damages, the attorneys argued.
"Apple can never get back to where it should have been in 2010," Lee said.
Vicki Behringer
Samsung attorney Bill Price, meanwhile, argued that Apple's patents are limited and that no one sought out Samsung's devices because of Apple's patented technologies.
"Apple has tried to mischaracterize these patents so they are the iPhone," Price said. But "these patents are very narrow.. Apple doesn't own beautiful and sexy."
When closing arguments had ended, Price asked Koh to declare a mistrialbecause of what it called "racist" comments made by an Apple attorney. Koh declined to declare a mistrial but did instruct the jury not to consider race, location, or other factors when deliberating.
The Apple lawyer, Harold McElhinny, had warned jurors during their closing statement that the entire San Francisco Bay Area and US economy would suffer if Samsung wasn't adequately fined for its infringement. They compared the situation to US TV makers who went out of business because they didn't protect their intellectual property from foreign companies. Now, the majority of TV manufacturing takes place abroad, they said. Samsung, which is based in South Korea, is currently the world's biggest TV maker by a wide margin.
History of Apple v Samsung
Apple originally filed suit against Samsung in April 2011, accusing the Korean company of copying the look and feel of its products. Samsung countersued two months later over patent infringement and said it was at work on touch-screen phones with giant rectangular screens and rounded corners well before Apple showed up. The initial trial, which stretched more than three weeks in August 2012, wrapped both of those cases in one, somehow squeezing together the patent infringement issues, alongside antitrust claims, and even trade dress issues.
In August of last year, a nine-person jury sided with Apple on a majority of its patent infringement claims against Samsung. At that time, the jury, much less than the $2.75 billion sought by the Cupertino, Calif., electronics giant. Samsung, which asked for $421 million in its countersuit, didn't get anything.
However, Koh in March ordered a new trial to recalculate some of the damages in the case, striking $450.5 million off the original judgment against Samsung.
The products in question include the Galaxy Prevail, Gem, Indulge, Infuse 4G, Galaxy SII AT&T, Captivate, Continuum, Droid Charge, Epic 4G, Exhibit 4G, Galaxy Tab, Nexus S 4G, Replenish, and Transform. To Prevail in particular racked up $57.9 million of the damages tally, which Koh said was a failure on the jury's part, since the device was found to infringe only on utility patents, and not on design patents.
Even with a verdict now reached for damages, the Apple versus Samsung saga continues. There are likely to be appeals galore, and another patent trial starts in March. The upcoming trial in 2014 deals with a newer set of devices from both companies, and different patents. The case has since grown to include a multitude of products including Samsung's Galaxy S3 and Note 2, along with a counterclaim that targeted Apple's iPhone 5.
Updated at 2:15 and 2:25 p.m. PT with comments from jurors, Apple, and Samsung.
Tell HP: Say No to DRM.
Dion Weisler
President and CEO
HP Inc.
1501-Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
September 26, 2016
Dear Mr. Weisler,
I write to you today on behalf of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a nonprofit devoted to defending technological freedom, human rights and privacy in courtrooms, legislatures, and online. Like many others, we are alarmed by reports that HP has activated a dormant feature in Officejet Pro printers (and possibly other models), so that the printers now automatically verify whether its ink cartridges are official HP ink and not competitors' products or even refilled HP cartridges. If these printers detect third-party ink, printing stops. This activation was disguised as a security update.
You must be aware that this decision has shocked and angered your customers. Below, I have set out our concerns and the steps HP must take to begin to repair the damage it has done to its reputation and the public's trust.
HP deprived its customers of a useful, legitimate feature
HP customers should be able to use the ink of their choosing in their printers for the same reason that Cuisinart customers should be able to choose whose bread goes in their toasters. The practice of "tying" is rightly decried by economists and competition regulators as an invitation to monopoly pricing and reduced competition and innovation. HP customers should choose HP ink because it is the best, not because their printer won't work with a competitor's brand.
HP abused its security update mechanism to trick its customers
HP printers, like most other networked computers, have suffered well-documented, catastrophic security vulnerabilities that exposed customers' whole networks to attacks. Because security is a process, not a product, vulnerabilities will continue to surface in your products throughout their lifecycles. Customers need to feel confident that they can accept security updates without compromising basic functionality.
By co-opting the security update mechanism to deliver an anti-feature—that is, something that works against your customers' interests—you have introduced doubt into the patch process. Earlier proof-of-concept malicious software targeted to your products screened print-jobs for Social Security Numbers and credit card details and sent them to attackers, or scanned customers' networks and hijacked their connected computers. By giving tens of millions of your customers a reason to mistrust your updates, you've put them at risk of future infections that could compromise their business and home networks, their sensitive data, and the gadgets that share their network with their printers, from baby monitors to thermostats.
HP's time-delayed anti-feature is a bait-and-switch
The software update that prevented the use of third-party ink was reportedly distributed in March, but this anti-feature itself wasn't activated until September. That means that HP knew, for at least six months, that some of its customers were buying your products because they believed they were compatible with any manufacturer's ink, while you had already planted a countdown timer in their property that would take this feature away. Your customers will have replaced their existing printers, or made purchasing recommendations to friends who trusted them on this basis. They are now left with a less useful printer—and possibly a stockpile of useless third-party ink cartridges.
HP has posted a "keep out" sign for security researchers
In using a technical countermeasure to exclude third-party cartridges, HP is signalling that it may invoke Section 1201 of the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which makes it illegal (in most circumstances), and potentially a crime, to bypass measures that control access to copyrighted works. Another printer manufacturer tried to invoke this law in similar circumstances, forcing its competitor to litigate the issue for years.
Security researchers rightly fear that disclosures of defects in products covered by Section 1201 could lead to severe punishments. Many respected researchers came forward at the Copyright Office's triennial 1201 exemptions hearing in 2015 to say that they'd been chilled from disclosing vulnerabilities in 1201-covered systems, from voting machines to tractors to insulin pumps. This means that bad guys are free to exploit vulnerabilities in these products, while good guys are scared off from warning the people who depend on them about the dangers lurking in them. Given the history of attacks on printers, and the widespread distribution of your products, this is the last thing you should want.
For all these reasons, we call on HP to take the following five steps, immediately:
Apologize to your customers, and restore the original functionality of their printers with a firmware update that rolls back the self-destruct sequence; Publicly commit that you will never again use your software update process to distribute anti-features that work against your customers' interests; Publicly commit that the effects of any software updates will be fully disclosed; Prominently disclose any capability or plan to remove features from devices in your sales literature, so customers know what they're getting before they buy; Promise to never invoke Section 1201 of the DMCA against security researchers or competitors who make legitimate aftermarket products.
I would be happy to discuss these measures with you at your convenience, and I look forward to hearing from you.
Cory Doctorow
Apollo 1201 Project
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Tell HP: Say No to DRM.
Wednesday on Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends,” presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump discussed the search for their potential running mate this fall, saying that ultimately they would announce at the convention.
They also added that those who have publicly withdrawn their names as a possibility were never under consideration to begin with.
“I just think I want to hold it,” Trump said. “I don't have a choice yet. I have five or six people that I think would be very good. And you know, I do get a kick out of all of these people saying they've decided they don't want to do it. They weren't on the list. None of them. Everybody that talks about, you know, being vice president, they have decided not to do it. They weren't on the list. But that's OK, you know, what difference does it make? Let them have fun. They're politicians. Let them have a good time.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
HATE HOAX EPIDEMIC: At Least 17 Faked Trump Hate Crimes Reported Since November Election
According to The Federalist a fake hate incident is not difficult to spot. The more an accusation of wrongdoing or criminal activity sounds like a picture-perfect capitalized example of Hate Crime or Wicked Evil Behavior, the more you should mistrust the claims.
Fake Hate Crimes Are On the Rise
There have been a slew of reported hate crimes since Donald J. Trump shellacked Hillary Clinton in the November election.
But, to the surprise of no one, most of the reported hate crimes ended up being complete fabrications.
In fact, it is safe to say more people were arrested for fake hate crimes than Trump supporters arrested for abusing a poor Democrat after the election. If you are aware of ANY Trump supporter being arrested for assaulting a Hillary supporter unprovoked please send us a notice.
It is also true that there were 2,000 reports of hate crimes against Trump supporters since the election.
Reddit user Dalisu put together this list of fake hate crimes since the November election.
The Texas family whose car and motorcycle were burned, and whose garage was spray-painted with “n—-r lover” , only to have their wife later reveal that their husband had hoaxed the community by doing it themselves .http://www.dallasnews.com/news/crime/2016/12/23/denton-man-set-vehicles-ablaze-painted-racial-slur-garage-door-wife-says
, only to have their wife later reveal that their .http://www.dallasnews.com/news/crime/2016/12/23/denton-man-set-vehicles-ablaze-painted-racial-slur-garage-door-wife-says The black, “white supremacist” arrested for the infamous burned-down black church which had “Vote Trump” written on it: http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/fire-marshal-politics-motive-vote-trump-arson-44341228
on it: http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/fire-marshal-politics-motive-vote-trump-arson-44341228 South Philly graffiti — **”Black Bitch”, “Trump Rules” — arrest made, turns out to be black “white supremacist” : http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/real-time/S-Jersey-man-arrested-in-post-election-vandalism-in-South-Philly.html?mobi=true
young lady who was arrested for fabricating a story about an attack by racists on a NYC subway while yelling “Donald Trump” : http://ijr.com/2016/12/757186-muslim-teen-caught-lying-about-trump-inspired-assault-gets-humiliating-punishment/
: http://ijr.com/2016/12/757186-muslim-teen-caught-lying-about-trump-inspired-assault-gets-humiliating-punishment/ young lady from Ann Arbor who fabricated a terrifying tale of a Trump supporter threatening that he'd burn the hijab off of them if they didn't take it off: http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/ann-arbor-police-womans-story-about-being-force-to-remove-hijab-did-not-occur
of them if they didn't take it off: http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/ann-arbor-police-womans-story-about-being-force-to-remove-hijab-did-not-occur University of Louisiana at Lafayette student who now admits they fabricated their claim that men wearing Trump hats attacked her, knocked them down, and stole their headscarf : http://klfy.com/2016/11/10/lafayette-pd-ul-student-made-up-story-about-attack-stolen-hijab/
: http://klfy.com/2016/11/10/lafayette-pd-ul-student-made-up-story-about-attack-stolen-hijab/ the brown “white supremacist” arrested for writing KKK and swastikas at Nassau community college: http://patch.com/new-york/gardencity/man-who-drew-swastikas-across-nassau-community-college-arrested-police
at Nassau community college: http://patch.com/new-york/gardencity/man-who-drew-swastikas-across-nassau-community-college-arrested-police the Bowling Green student who was arrested after falsely claiming they were attacked and taunted with racial slurs by MAGA-gear wearing Trump supporters : http://www.wtol.com/story/33736486/bgsu-student-charged-after-reporting-fake-assault
: http://www.wtol.com/story/33736486/bgsu-student-charged-after-reporting-fake-assault another student at BGSU who fabricated a story about a robbery and derogatory slur : http://www.toledoblade.com/Police-Fire/2016/11/19/BGSU-Second-report-of-slur-attack-false-too.html
: http://www.toledoblade.com/Police-Fire/2016/11/19/BGSU-Second-report-of-slur-attack-false-too.html a black man in Malden (Boston area) who claimed they were forced to run for their life after being threatened with lynching, chased, and told that “It's Trump country now” , but then admitted they fabricated the story : http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_coverage/2016/11/man_admits_to_faking_hate_crime_in_malden
, but then admitted they : http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_coverage/2016/11/man_admits_to_faking_hate_crime_in_malden the man who hung a nazi flag in SF (incidentally, across the street from their neighbors whose family members were Holocaust victims), only to later explain they were making an anti-Trump political statement : http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/San-Francisco-homeowner-s-Nazi-flag-protest-of-10605083.php
(incidentally, across the street from their neighbors whose family members were Holocaust victims), only to later explain they : http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/San-Francisco-homeowner-s-Nazi-flag-protest-of-10605083.php the “courageous” throat-punching, racist-stomping woman who claimed to have bashed the fash only to be inexplicably handcuffed for their trouble, but who police say fabricated the incident : http://www.mndaily.com/article/2016/11/umpd-not-involved-in-handcuffed-university-student
only to be inexplicably handcuffed for their trouble, but who police say : http://www.mndaily.com/article/2016/11/umpd-not-involved-in-handcuffed-university-student the woman who was supposedly threatened at a gas station with a gun by Trump supporters , but who never contacted police and has now deleted their accusation : http://www.phillyvoice.com/police-no-official-report-ugly-racial-incident-del-gas-station/
, but who : http://www.phillyvoice.com/police-no-official-report-ugly-racial-incident-del-gas-station/ Williams College students who admitted they wrote KKK graffiti and dumped fake blood in a church to bring attention to the effects of the presidential election : http://williamsrecord.com/2016/11/16/two-students-admit-to-vandalizing-griffin-hall-on-saturday/
: http://williamsrecord.com/2016/11/16/two-students-admit-to-vandalizing-griffin-hall-on-saturday/ Bisexual North Park University student who school says fabricated hateful pro-Trump messages : http://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/north-park-fabricated-notes-402556366.html
: http://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/north-park-fabricated-notes-402556366.html An Elon University hate message that received national attention “Bye bye latinos hasta la vista” but was later revealed to be written by a Latino student who was upset about the results of the election and wrote the message as a “satirical commentary” : http://www.elonnewsnetwork.com/article/2016/11/note-found-whiteboard-kivette-bye-bye-latinos
but was later revealed to be : http://www.elonnewsnetwork.com/article/2016/11/note-found-whiteboard-kivette-bye-bye-latinos These Wellesley college kids, accused of screaming racist and homophobic slurs, but were cleared of charges when it was determined they were only yelling “Make America Great Again” — incident took place in front of “Harambee House” (kek!): http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2016/12/19/pro-trump-babson-students-cleared-wellesley-victory-incident/RsIfPd27sNxqiXvnwOrhTJ/story.html
