Mark V 'Hermaphrodite' (or 'Composite') Tank. The entry/exit doors can be seen below the "female" sponson.
The "Female" tank[i] was a type of armoured fighting vehicle deployed during the First World War that carried multiple machine guns instead of the mix of machine guns and cannons mounted by the original Mark I tank.
The prototype, nicknamed "Mother", and the first production models of what would become referred to as the Mark I were designed to carry two six-pounder guns and three machine-guns. Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Swinton expressed the fear that tanks armed in such a way might be unable to protect themselves from attacks by large numbers of enemy infantry. In April 1916, it was therefore decided that half of the 150 tanks on order should be fitted with machine guns in place of the six-pounders. A new sponson was designed so that the tank could carry two Vickers machine guns, with their cooling jackets protected by armoured sleeves, on each side of the hull. Swinton's idea was that tanks should operate in pairs: a "destroyer"[ii] and a "consort" or "man-killing" tank, providing mutual protection. They stated that they then assigned the names "male" and "female" respectively. The designation "male" applied to those armed with six-pounder guns, whereas the "female" was the tank equipped only with machine guns.
A consequence of these designations was that the prototype Mother became a "male" tank.
The design of the female sponson allowed only a very small door, which made escape from the vehicle extremely difficult. From the Mark II onwards, a new design was introduced that was smaller, incorporated Lewis or Hotchkiss guns, and allowed for much larger doors.
Both male and female tanks took part in the first tank action, on September 15, 1916, at the Battle of Flers-Courcelette, part of the Somme Offensive on September 15, 1916.
In 1918 it was decided that tanks should be 'hermaphrodite', simultaneously male and female, carrying both heavy armament and lighter machine guns. For the World War I tanks, this was achieved by fitting them with one sponson of each type. A mixed ability armament of the heavy gun and multiple machine guns also became common practice on turreted designs, without sponsons. This has become the standard model for tank designs since World War I and since then the terms "male" and "female" have been disused.
The basic idea underlying the concept of female tanks was widely used in design of light tanks and the first British infantry tanks in the years leading to World War II. Some armour of the World War II period, such as the German Ferdinand tank destroyer, were exclusively 'male', having only their heavy gun. These were found to be susceptible to infantry attack and so a defensive MG was added in the improved version, the Elefant.
^ "Tank" was the codename given to the first British tracked armoured fighting vehicles. ^ Swinton's original proposed name for the tank was "Machine Gun Destroyer".
Or something akin to that is the narrative forming in Howard Kurtz's Washington Post column on the role journalists played in the financial collapse. The response from new WaPo chief Marcus Brauchli is but one gem of many, many awkward admissions of culpability:
Still, they say, "I regret that when I was at the Journal, we didn't keep the focus on some of these questions, including the possible moral hazard posed by the structure of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. These are really difficult issues to convey to a popular audience. . . You do have an obligation as a journalist to push important issues into the public consciousness. We also have to remember you're pushing against a powerful force, which is greed."
Greed? Greed kept them from reporting skeptically on Fannie and Freddie? What does that even mean?
Via Romenesko.
"Actresses, like Meryl Streep, who happily worked for The Pig Monster, are wearing black @GoldenGlobes in a silent protest. YOUR SILENCE is THE problem."
Rose McGowan called out actores who plan to wear black gowns to the Golden Globes to protest gender inequality.
The actor took to Twitter on Saturday, writing, "Actresses, like Meryl Streep, who happily worked for The Pig Monster, are wearing black @GoldenGlobes in a silent protest. YOUR SILENCE is THE problem. You'll accept a fake award breathlessly & affect no real change. I despise your hypocrisy. Maybe you should all wear Marchesa." Marchesa, a womenswear company, was founded by Georgina Chapman, Harvey Weinstein's ex-wife. Weinstein themselves is presumably the "Pig Monster" in McGowan's tweet.
On Dec. 14, it was reported that during the Golden Globes on Jan. 7, actores, including nominees and presenters, were planning to wear black to protest gender inequality and to acknowledge the flood of sexual abuse allegations that have rocked Hollywood, beginning with Weinstein. This follows on the heels of the announcement Wednesday that all the presenters at the Jan. 21 Screen Actors Guild Awards will be female.
Following the initial accusations levied against Weinstein in October, Streep — who once referred to Weinstein as "God" in an acceptance speech and previously collaborated with them on films like August: Osage County and The Iron Lady, the latter of which they won an Oscar for — said they were "appalled" by their alleged misconduct and also added that "not everybody knew" about it.
McGowan has previously called out Streep by name on Twitter. In response to Streep's comments saying that Weinstein's actions were "the most gargantuan example of disrespect" in early December, Rose tweeted, "No, Meryl, IT'S A FUCKING CRIME. You are such a lie."
The Five Dysfunctions of a Band
Author: Dave Cohen - May 10, 2016
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team (by Patrick Lencioni) is a highly recommended book for anyone that works with other people. (So - almost everyone!) The five dysfunctions are set up in a hierarchy. The bottom of the pyramid below shows that trust is the foundation and all else moves up from there.
The book opens with a story that brings the main five principles / dysfunctions to life. At first, the principles may seem like trite common sense, but after some exploration, you'll be able to see how time and time again teams fail because they haven't mastered these time-honored truths.
The wisdom in this book can be applied to any relationship: with yourself, significant other, family, etc. My purpose here is to demonstrate how the principles in this book apply to bands by sharing some of my experiences. (Later, I'll apply them to the teacher-student relationship in music education.)
My Story
It all began in parents' basement. When I was 15 or so, my older brother and our mutual friend started a band. I joined shortly after. We covered the music of a couple of our heroes, really trying to channel them. We added some other members and decided to concentrate mostly on my original music. My brother left the band because they aren't keeping up and we eventually kicked out the other original member because they aren't cutting it. It was heartbreaking and dramatic for everyone involved to say the least.
I went on to study music at a conservatory. Many more bands came to life and died. The drama certainly persisted. After graduating, I became a freelance gigging guitarist. Given all my experiences in bands, I didn't want to be tied to any one particular band. Years later, I am happily committed to a couple of bands - Driven to Clarity and the No Land Band. Because we're all adults, these bands have been much more stable. After reading this book, though, I realized that these bands still have many foundational problems that are outlined in the Five Dysfunctions of a Team.
Why Your Band Exists in the First Place
Rarely do band members decide what the band's direction is in the very beginning. It makes enough sense to feel out the situation and see if the band has potential. Confidence may grow as the band rehearses and improves, so their goals may change as this happens. The question is, do all the members think of the band the same way at any given time in a band's life? Broken hearts will be inevitable if one member sees the band as a somewhat-regular hangout with their buddies (with no intentions of ever performing) and another member sees the band as their ticket to rock-stardom. Most people don't fall squarely into one of these extremes, but more often than not, the members will lean towards different ends of the spectrum. This major issue brings us to the first dysfunction, lack of trust.
Dysfunction 1: Lack of Trust
There will certainly be personality differences in any band. If everyone trusts each other, band members can openly discuss any issues without fear of penalty. The problem is, we bring a lot of assumptions to the table about our fellow members. Before it's even possible to resolve conflicts that may arise, we have to get better acquainted with the band members.
Strengths assessment: Who in the band is musically educated? Who has valuable band experience? Who isn't afraid to be a leader?
Weakness assessment: Who in the band doesn't pick up things right away? Who doesn't have time to put in outside effort? Who resists certain musical styles, improvisation, original music, covers, etc?
If there's trust within a band, everyone will feel open to discussing everyone's strengths and weaknesses. There won't be criticism, only the improved understanding of how the band could be structured. Will one member take a leadership role? Or will each member be a "chair" of their own specific "department?" There are huge advantages to each situation. I'm in two bands that each do things differently. In the No Land Band, the lead singer is the band leader. They call the tunes, they point to who will solo, and they get most of our gigs. He's open to input from everyone, but it's not a democracy. This has been successful because we've created a reliable format that our fans enjoy and we don't need to satisfy all of our musical whims in this one band. Driven to Clarity is set up with 4 roles of equal importance. We all contribute to writing songs, getting gigs, and shaping how each song will go. The lead singer takes the president role when an executive decision must be made. This format has taken some time to evolve and we constantly tweak it.
What builds trust in a band: Being professional, first and foremost. Be on time, in tune, and a pleasant person. Always be true to your word. Be vulnerable and say what's on your mind. http://diymusician.cdbaby.com/musician-tips/the-10-commandments-of-being-in-a-band/
The ability to be vulnerable with your band members is the foundation of a band.
What erodes trust in a band: Last minute rehearsal cancellations. Showing up more than 15 minutes late. Not learning or being willing to practice your parts to songs. Treating rehearsal like a drink-fest (if others think of it as disciplined work on a planned agenda). Perhaps the worst of all: insulting the character of fellow band members.
In the end, the music suffers when we don't trust our fellow band members; if we're suspicious that another member won't play the right parts or show up to a gig. If you're unable to work on these problems, the band's foundation crumbles.
Dysfunction 2: Lack of Conflict
Many people hear the word 'conflict' and think there's something wrong. Lencioni thinks the lack of conflict within teams is the problem! Conflict can be very healthy, provided that the members trust each other.
If healthy conflict is the goal, then why do people refrain from speaking their minds? Many times, it's good intentions - not wanting to hurt people's feelings. On the contrary, some people are unwilling to hear others' viewpoints.
Provided that band members trust each other, it's necessary for every member to be given the chance to argue and be heard. We don't need to win every argument. Just be heard.
Some areas where most bands have disagreement:
Should we concentrate on original material or getting gigs where covers are the majority of the material?
How should we record our music?
Should we make a music video?
Should we start a crowd funded venture?
Should we have a band fund?
How much money should we put in it?
What should we spend our money on?
Some of these issues are minor. Some of them are major and heavily influence the direction of the band.
Some conflicts lead to unresolvable tensions. It's much better that these come to a head early on. I've been in too many situations where the band struggles for years, only to realize later that one member never enjoyed the music we were playing! This sort of thing is a waste of everyone's time. Being in a band is difficult enough, so get clear on what you want out of a band as early as possible. There's a band out there for you that can make that happen. Or, you can put together your own band after going solo for a while (if you have the means.)
Dysfunction 3: Lack of Commitment
After band members argue their points, decisions must be made. One or more members may not be totally sold the decisions made. In fact, there may never be a consensus, but 100% agreement *isn't* necessary. What is necessary is a "buy-in" to the decision that's made. If it's good for the band as a whole - all members should be on board. This is only possible if all opinions were heard and considered. Since the band is operating as a team, the members will acknowledge if they're not moving closer to their goals as time goes on. Any members that originally disagreed can make their points again without reservation because the band was able to see that it didn't work.
Some reasons why members want to commit to a band decision:
Resentment - not having your ideas heard may cause resentment.
Ego - if you thought your personal ideas were superior or you have an inflated sense of your role in the band.
These sorts of things aren't insurmountable if we work on the next dysfunction.
Dysfunction 4: Lack of Accountability.
After specific decisions are made, each member will have individual contributions that will be vital to achieving a band's goals. All members have to hold each other accountable. It's not just the job of the band leader, although they may be in charge of sparking discussions (depending on your band's structure). It takes an even more evolved form of professionalism to accept accountability and call out others when they aren't coming through.
Examples:
When the bassist took over a month to get the files from the studio (which they volunteered to do), we had to call them out on it.
When the drummer showed up 45 minutes late to the gig, we had to call them out on it.
When the lead singer didn't work on the vocal phrasing, we had to call them out on it.
When the lead guitarist had their amp turned up too loudly and their tone was nasty, we had to call them out on it.
No ultimatums are necessary. First, decide who will confront the offending member. Ask some questions: "What's the status of ___?" "Is there something the other members can do to help?" Remind the member about the importance of their task.
Dysfunction 5: Lack of Results and Ego
"There's no I in team!"
It's a cheesy saying, but it really comes down to achieving results as a band rather than stroking your ego. There's a difference between being stealing the spotlight and being inappropriate.
Examples:
The drummer took an unrehearsed extended solo at the end of a love song. It wasn't a bad solo, but it was out of place.
The lead guitarist dissed one of the other members while talking to a fan in the audience.
The lead singer chose 3 songs (which they liked) that were inappropriate for the dance party we were playing.
Playing music with others is an experience without match. You can learn a lot by being in a band, even if the teamwork is sub-par. Most of us have dreams we long to achieve and we have to temper that with the good of the band. If you can keep your ego in check, it will lead to more satisfying musical experiences. Cheers to improving your relationships with your current and future band members. Happy playing!
Did you enjoy this article? Sign up for our newsletter if you want to receive access to free guitar, songwriting, recording, and more lessons!
Like our Facebook page
About SongMind Studios
SongMind Studios works with musicians of any level.
Advice on Career: Press Kits, Promotion, and more
Lessons from experts on Songwriting, Guitar, Recording, and more
Production and access to world-class musicians and studios
Songwriters release their debut single, EP, or album who work with us in our Studio MasterMind Album program. Contact us today to schedule your FREE insight interview!
Sign up for our newsletter if you want to receive access to free guitar, songwriting, recording, and more lessons! Like our Facebook page
Visit songmindstudios.com to learn more about how you can take your music to new heights.
UPDATE:
State Police said the helicopter involved in a crash in rural Albemarle County on Saturday afternoon was assisting public safety resources responding to the alt-right rally in Charlottesville.
Police identified the two victims as 48-year-old Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen of Midlothian and Trooper-Pilot Berke Bates on Quinton.
Nobody on the ground was injured from the crash.
State Police, the FAA and NTSB are investigating what caused the crash.
“Our state police and law enforcement family at-large are mourning this tragic outcome to an already challenging day,” said Colonel W. Steven Flaherty, Virginia State Police Superintendent.
UPDATE:
A helicopter crash killing two people was linked to white nationalist clashes in Charlottesville, the Associated Press reports.
--
Two people are dead after a helicopter crashed in Albemarle County on Saturday afternoon.
It happened near a home on Old Farm Road near a golf course.
Virginia State Police are investigating.
The agency posted on Facebook that two people died and nobody on the ground was injured.
According to a reporter from WCAV-TV, state police have yet to confirm who owns the aircraft.
CLOSE Draymond Green is one of the NBA's best defenders and here are some of the best images to support that. USA TODAY Sports
Houston Rockets guard James Harden (13) drives to the basket against Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green (23) in the first quarter at Toyota Center. (Photo: Thomas B. Shea-USA TODAY Sports)
When those final seconds of a close game are ticking away and the Golden State Warriors need a stop, there's no time for Draymond Green to talk about playing dominant defense.
They just does it.
Size up the elite scorer who's coming your way. Remember their tendencies. Take the right angle. Pick the smartest plan. Use time and score to calculate the best and worst case scenarios. Then, execute.
For Green and every other elite defender in the NBA, there's an art to these hectic moments that gets lost unless you slow down to appreciate it. That's exactly what Green did in a recent interview with USA TODAY Sports.
Not only did Green explain why they believe they should win the league's Defensive Player of the Year award over Utah big man Rudy Gobert and San Antonio's back-to-back winner Kawhi Leonard, but they dissected a handful of game-saving plays that have made their season so unique. Welcome, in other words, inside the mind of one of the game's best defenders.
1. November 19th at Milwaukee: Warriors win 124-121
Highlight: With 10.1 seconds left and Golden State up two points, Green has the unenviable task of guarding the Bucks' do-everything big man, Giannis Antetokounmpo. Milwaukee's Tony Snell lobs the inbounds pass from the left into Antetokounmpo on the nearby block, but Green's bump-and-jump over one of the league's longest players leads to a turnover as they tip the pass away and Klay Thompson recovers.
Video: Green's game-saving steal
Draymond's view: “Honestly, I knew that at that point we were up two. I know that they're going to him. So I want the challenge of defending him. And you know, the way they entered the ball to him, once you throw a live ball like that, I've got just as free range at the ball as they do. And if I can just get a hand on the ball, it changes - it breaks the rhythm of their play. So even if I don't come up with the steal, it can break the rhythm of what they're trying to do. And then all of a sudden, it turns into iso one-on-one, me and him, and you've got to bear down and get a stop. But I also know going into that, we're up two points so even if they do call a foul, they have to go to the free throw line and make two free throws.
“I don't know their free-throw percentage. I think he's somewhere in the 70s (it's 77.8%), but when you've got to go knock two down, and you're down two, with the game on the line, it's a little bit of a different type of pressure. I know going into this (that) I'm going to be aggressive and try to get a stop. Worst come to worst, they get a foul and we've got, at this point, three of the best scorers in the world (Steph Curry, Kevin Durant, and Thompson) to try and go get a bucket.”
Latest NBA news:
2-3. November 28 in Oakland: Warriors win over Atlanta, 105–100
Highlight: With 46 seconds left and the Warriors up four, Hawks point guard Dennis Schroder decides to go straight at Green from the left wing. It's an unfair fight, with the 6-foot-2 Schroder getting smothered by the 6-7 Green on their way to the rim. As Schroder falls on their back to the floor, the ball bounces off them and out of bounds.
Video:Green's stuff in the final minute vs. the Hawks
Draymond's view on the Schroder play: “With him, you've got to take away Dennis' right hand. So with him, they faked like they were going right. I took away the right, and they went left. Now at that point, it's just about meeting them at the rim. If I can get the angle to meet them at the rim, which I did - I couldn't cut them all the way off, but I was close enough to where they just couldn't get a layup. And he's a right hand dominant player, so you know he's going to bring the ball back to you. So opposed to just trying to block the shot, I kind of just stayed vertical and know that he's going to bring the ball to me. And once they brought it to me, then I blocked it.
But the most fun part about that play is not only blocking the shot, (it's) the ball hitting them and going out of bounds. It's a slap in the face, literally, so I'd say that was the best part about that play, that it actually hit them and went out.”
Highlight: With 19 seconds left and the Warriors still up four points, Hawks wingman Kent Bazemore takes an inbounds pass up high on the left side and drives right past Curry and a swiping Durant. He's not in the clear, though, as Green meets them at the rim. A textbook vertical leap and a right-hand block ends Atlanta's final threat.
Video: Green's block leads to late turnover
On Bazemore block: “I was surprised that they would try to drive me. Me and Kent came in this league together. They know who I am as a player. I know who they are as a player. So you know Kent wants to get to their left hand. When they drove at me like that though, it did shock me. But once again, he's probably going to the left hand in that situation and that's another play where you just try to stay vertical and let the guy bring the ball to you. At the end of the day, the worst that's going to happen is you make them take a tough shot. But once they bring the ball to you, you can kind of get a block, so I was able to get the block as well.”
4. December 13 in New Orleans: Warriors win, 113–109, over the Pelicans
Highlight: With eight seconds left and the Warriors up two, one of the game's most lethal scorers, Anthony Davis, gets the post pass on the left from Pelicans point guard Jrue Holiday. But as Davis deliberates their next move and begins to face up for the attack, Green throws a right-handed hook of sorts at the ball that forces the fumble, NFL style. Green pounces on the loose ball, Davis fumes at the officials, and the Warriors win.
Video: Green's deflection seals win for Warriors
Draymond's view: “Once again, we're up two, three seconds to go. Their move on that side is that they open up with their right foot and then they sweep back baseline to their left hand. So I knew at that point that that's what they were going to. It's money time, (and) he's trying to get back to that left hand. So as soon as they opened up, I just took a stab at the ball, and I was able to get my hand on the ball.
“It's an amazing feeling, to know that, 'Hey, we pretty much just won this game off a defensive stop, and to come up with the ball,' when you're playing against a guy like Anthony Davis. You know they score. That's what they do."
5. March 14 in Oakland: Warriors win over Philadelphia 106–104
Highlight: with 48 seconds left and the Warriors having turned a 16-point, third-quarter deficit into a three-point lead, Green is isolated against Sixers point guard T.J. McConnell near the top of the key. The 6-2 McConnell drives right, but Green stays with them stride for stride to the rim and swats their layup attempt for their sixth block of the night. The Warriors, who needed one more stop and a smart foul of Dario Saric by Green in the closing seconds to seal the win, held the Sixers to 14 fourth quarter points.
Video: Green swats late-game lay-up attempt
Draymond's view: “You just know in a game like that, where we were kind of a in a rut, first-off. We were just getting back home, coming off what had been a super tough stretch. And I just knew that, in order for us to win that game, it would have to be defensively. Like, it's not going to be pretty. The shots just aren't going to fall like we're used to them falling. The game just doesn't work like that. Like, you don't just come out of a rut - you're in a rut and all of a sudden you hit 20 threes. It just doesn't work like that. Sometimes you just have to go get it, and it's going to be ugly. Now, you've got to find a way to do it, and usually that's on the defensive side of the ball. So I knew it, and I told the guys, 'Hey, we're going to have to get this done defensively.'
“It kind of came down to - we were up a couple points and needed to get a stop. T.J. McConnell, I switched onto him. I knew they were going to drive me, and I always tell the guys, like 'Stay home.' I'll just meet a guy at the rim. And once they drove, I knew they were going to lay it up - or try to lay it up - and they had nowhere to go.”
Follow USA TODAY Sports' Sam Amick on Twitter @Sam_Amick.
'Austin Powers' Villain Suspected of Murdering Prison Cellmate
'Austin Powers' Villain -- Suspected of Murdering Prison Cellmate
The convicted felon who playedhenchmanin the original "" movie is now suspected of murdering their prison cellmate ... TMZ has learned.Prison officials say-- who's already serving life in prison for torturing a woman in 1990 -- is the prime suspect in the murder of a 50-year-old sex offender, who was sharing a cell with Son at Wasco State Prison in central California.Officials say the victim's body was discovered yesterday. The victim was serving a 2-year-sentence for failing to register as a sex offender.Son is a bad guy -- who was convicted of participating in a brutal Christmas Eve gang rape and torture of a woman who was walking around their community to check out the seasonal lights.
Finding safe, non-toxic pesticides for the garden that actually work can be a challenge. We all want to protect the environment, our families and our food, but most non-manmade chemicals available have limited effectiveness. Except for neem oil. Neem oil insecticide is everything a gardener could want. What is neem oil? It can safely be used on food, leaves no dangerous residue in the soil and effectively reduces or kills pests, as well as prevents powdery mildew on plants.
What is Neem Oil?
Neem oil comes from the tree Azadirachta indica, a South Asian and Indian plant common as an ornamental shade tree. It has many traditional uses outside of the insecticidal traits. For centuries, the seeds have been used in wax, oil and soap preparations. It is currently an ingredient in many organic cosmetic products too.
Neem oil can be extracted from most parts of the tree, but the seeds hold the highest concentration of the insecticidal compound. The effective compound is Azadirachin, and it is found in the highest amounts in the seeds. There are numerous neem oil uses, but gardeners hail it for its anti-fungal and pesticide properties.
Neem Oil Uses in the Garden
Neem oil foliar spray has been shown to be most useful when applied to young plant growth. The oil has a half life of three to 22 days in soil, but only 45 minutes to four days in water. It is nearly non-toxic to birds, fish, bees and wildlife, and studies have shown no cancer or other disease-causing results from its use. This makes neem oil very safe to use if applied properly.
Neem oil insecticide
Neem oil insecticide works as a systemic in many plants when applied as a soil drench. This means it is absorbed by the plant and distributed throughout the tissue. Once the product is in the plant's vascular system, insects intake it during feeding. The compound causes insects to reduce or cease feeding, can prevent larvae from maturing, reduces or interrupts mating behavior and, in some cases, the oil coats the breathing holes of insects and kills them.
It is a useful repellent for mites and used to manage over 200 other species of chewing or sucking insects according to product information, including:
Neem oil fungicide
Neem oil fungicide is useful against fungi, mildews and rusts when applied in a 1 percent solution. It is also deemed helpful for other kinds of issues such as:
How to Apply Neem Oil Foliar Spray
Some plants can be killed by neem oil, especially if it is applied heavily. Before spraying a entire plant, test a small area on the plant and wait 24 hours to check to see if the leaf has any damage. If there is no damage, then the plant should not be harmed by the neem oil.
Apply neem oil only in indirect light or in the evening to avoid foliage burning and to allow the treatment to seep into the plant. Also, do not use neem oil in extreme temperatures, either too hot or too cold. Avoid application to plants that are stressed due to drought or over watering.
Using neem oil insecticide about once a week will help kill pests and keep fungal issues as bay. Apply as you would other oil-based sprays, making sure the leaves are completely coated, especially where the pest or fungal problem is the worst.
Is Neem Oil Safe?
The packaging should give information on dosage. The highest concentration currently on the market is 3%. So is neem oil safe? When used properly, it is non-toxic. Never drink the stuff and be sensible if you are pregnant or trying to get pregnant – out of all the neem oil uses, one that is currently being studied is its ability to block conception.
The EPA says the product is generally recognized as safe, so any residual amount left on food is acceptable; however, always wash your produce in clean, potable water before consumption.
There has been concern about the use of neem oil and bees. Most studies specify that if neem oil is used inappropriately, and in massive quantities, it can cause harm to small hives, but has no effect on medium to large hives. Additionally, since neem oil insecticide does not target bugs that do not chew on leaves, most beneficial insects, like butterflies and ladybugs, are considered safe.
Resources:
http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/neemgen.html
http://ipm.uconn.edu/documents/raw2/Neem%20Based%20Insecticides/Neem%20Based%20Insecticides.php?aid=152
http://www.epa.gov/opp00001/chem_search/reg_actions/registration/decision_PC-025006_07-May-12.pdf
On Sunday, Edmonton police and the RCMP revealed that the person suspected of injuring an Edmonton police officer and four pedestrians in a terrorist attack Saturday night is a Somali man, who arrived in Canada as a refugee.
READ MORE: What we know so far about the Edmonton terror attacks
The revelation sparked a backlash on social media, with many people taking to Twitter to vent their ire at various targets, including Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen (who was born in Somalia) and Muslims in general.
Those tweets didn't sit well with Sgt. David Jones of the Edmonton Police Service's community liaison department. They urged compassion for Muslims likely to be fearful and anxious about possible repercussions facing them and their communities.
Many people replied to the tweet to express disagreement with the sentiment, but Sgt. Jones was happy to stand their ground.
Just stop. Assumptions based on race or religion are never helpful or warranted. — Sgt. David Jones (@Sergeant_Jones) October 1, 2017
Earlier, Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson released a statement to Twitter accompanied by the hashtag #WeWillNotBeDivided. The hashtag was quickly adopted by many Edmontonians, including Premier Rachel Notley.
We will not give in to fear.
We will not give in to hate.
And we will not give in to terrorism. #WeWillNotBeDivided #yegstrong pic.twitter.com/yDliXW31ru — Rachel Notley (@RachelNotley) October 2, 2017
On Sunday afternoon, RCMP Assistant Commissioner Marlin Degrand stated in a news conference that “this is an individual that is responsible for these crimes.” They insisted that “none of our citizens, Muslim or other, support this kind of activity.”
READ MORE: Edmontonians turn to social media after attacks on police and pedestrians
That message was echoed on Monday by the president of the Somali Canadian Cultural Society Of Edmonton Gashan Youth Leadership Academy.
“There are about 20,000 strong community members here in Edmonton, in the Somali community,” Jibril Ibrahim said, “who are law abiding citizens, who are part of the fabric of this society.
“This is not a community issue; it is an individual who has gone wrong, who has taken the wrong path… It doesn't reflect our community.”
Ibrahim, who has lived in Edmonton for 12 years and raised their family here, was shocked when they heard about the attack early Sunday.  They are urging unity.
“The objective of any terrorist is to cause fear and division,” they said. “What we need in this moment, and all time, is to stand together in solidarity against hate, whether it [comes] internationally or whether it [comes] from locally.
“We are united. We will never be divided.”
Ibrahim is also concerned how this incident will affect how other refugees are treated.
Imam Syed Soharwardy, founder of the Calgary-based Islamic Supreme Council of Canada, condemned violence and terrorism as “haram,” or forbidden, and said they had already begun to receive hateful messages.
ISCC and MAT strongly condemn terrorism in Edmonton. Thank you Edmonton Police for preventing bigger tragedy. May Allah keep Canada safe. — Syed Soharwardy (@syedsoharwardy) October 1, 2017
“The extremists who happen to be Muslims, they say, ‘We have nothing to do with it,' (which is) complete denial,” Soharwardy said. “On the other hand are Islamophobes who say, ‘You are 100 per cent responsible for the crimes that we don't even know who has committed them.”‘
The Alberta Muslim Public Affairs Council (AMPAC) organized an event outside Edmonton City Hall, scheduled for Sunday evening, to express solidarity with police and victims of the attack, and condemn terrorism.
WATCH: Alberta Muslim Public Affairs Council condemns attack
Several other Muslim groups, including the Canadian Council of Imams, Ahmadiyya Muslim Jam'at, released statements condemning the attack.
Ryan Scrivens, an extremism researcher at Concordia University, says they worry right-wing extremists will see the attack as an opportunity to fan the flames of anti-Islamic sentiment in Canada.
For their part, Prime Minister Trudeau said that “Canada's strength comes from our diversity, and we will not be cowed by those who seek to divide us or promote fear.”
WATCH: Alberta Muslim community reacts to Quebec City mosque shooting
Edmonton police Sgt. Michael Elliott said the public reaction to the attack will be critical.
“We want our communities to come together when events such as this occur and could potentially create a divide,” Sgt. Elliott said.
“This has happened in Germany, France and England and now it has made it to our doorstep. Only together can we change the tide.”
— With files from Emily Mertz and the Canadian Press
Follow @Kalvapalle
It's a fact of life for credit card reward chasers — almost inevitably, the most generous cards end up scaling back the goodies sooner or later.
A while back, it was the Charles Schwab Visa that stopped paying a 2 percent rebate. And now it's the Costco True Earnings American Express Card. Starting Aug. 1, the cash rebate will fall to 2 percent from 3 percent for restaurant purchases. Also, people who carry a less-used “Cash Rebate” version of the card will need to spend $7,500 in a year before they graduate to a higher cash-back earning tier that is unique to that card; currently, they need to spend $5,000.
These are the only changes that Amex is making. The 3 percent gas rebate will remain on the True Earnings Card for purchases up to $3,000 each year, and there is still no annual fee besides whatever you pay to be a Costco member each year.
So why this and why now? Leah Gerstner, a spokesperson for American Express, said that rewards were expensive and that the company needed to make adjustments given the costs associated with increased regulatory scrutiny. “We still have some of the richest cards in the market,” they added.
Which is true. But the gluttons among us will soon be paying just a bit more out of pocket to feed our faces.
Meanwhile, any guesses as to which card will see the next devaluation?
Ueli Steck is one of today's most accomplished alpinists. The Swiss Machine's solo speed-climbing feats in the Alps are the stuff of legend – under three hours for the North Face of the Eiger, and under two hours for The Matterhorn. In 2013, they topped all that by climbing Annapurna's treacherous South Face in just 28 hours. And last year they summited all 82 peaks in the Alps over 4,000 meters in height (about 13,120 feet) in just 62 days. I caught up with Steck this week before they presented at New York's Symphony Space as part of an American Alpine Club lecture series. Following are edited excerpts from our conversation.
Jim Clash: Why did you take on the 82-peak project in Europe?
Ueli Steck: I just wanted to do something at home in the Alps. It was not an original idea. People in the day had tried it, and a few succeeded. For a long time, I was like, “Should I try it or not?” because it's nothing super hard. So last summer, I just did it because I thought it would be fun. And now, I have to say, it was one of my greatest adventures. Normally you just drive your car between climbs. We took bikes. I was on a really cool journey to Switzerland, France, Italy. I know the whole of the Alps much better than before.
JC: 82 summits in 62 days – it can't be that easy?
US: The most difficult part of the project is when you start. You know it's going to take like, two months to climb all the peaks. On the first one, it's really hard not to get nervous because you don't know what's going to be in six weeks with the weather. So you just take one day after another and say, “Let's see if it's going to work out.” Last year was the summer of the century, I think. We had really good weather. I was so lucky.
JC: You climbed a lot by yourself. I'm guessing it was without belays?
US: I didn't use ropes much because I had to travel fast and light. I also wanted to climb the faces, but with the warm weather, there was so much rockfall. We climbed the Hornli Ridge on The Matterhorn, for example – the normal route. But we had had a really hard day before doing the entire traverse of Monte Rosa, 18 peaks. So I was tired. But we did the Matterhorn in about two hours, and it was a great trip.
JC: How do you pick your expeditions now?
US: I'm getting older, turning 40 this year. I had a period where I thought each expedition had to be something harder, something faster. But you can't go on like that or you're going to die. Already after Annapurna I had to think about it, and that's why I chose the 82-summit project. I needed to take a step back and find my challenge on a project which is maybe not harder or faster. Of course, my next project has to show a progression of some climbing skills - maybe less risk, more performance.
JC: Your Annapurna alpine climb in 28 hours is one of the great solos in the history of alpinism.
US: Annapurna was a special situation. It was a lifetime dream to finish that route. When I started climbing the South Face, I really expected not to come back alive. This is the first time where I did that. If I look back now, I would say it was wrong. But back then for me, it was completely right.
JC: Reinhold Messner told me it's just a matter of time before all the 8,000-meter peaks have pistes for guided climbers. Do you agree?
US: They did it on Everest, now they try the same on K2. They have set up the fixed lines. But they aren't really successful yet. Everybody has to choose their or their own way to climb a mountain. I don't give an opinion. But there needs to be enough room for others. If it goes like in Nepal now – with all the routes coming up - it will get almost impossible to climb alpine style. I think that's really bad. It destroys alpinism. But the people in Nepal don't care about alpinism; they just care about money. So I think Messner is right. I don't know how you touch it so it goes in a different direction. You cannot say it's wrong to climb Everest with oxygen, fixed ropes, guides, etc. But it's something I'm not interested in, not what I'm looking for. It's just not for me.
Music and technology aren't unfamiliar bedfellows, but the i-Tab offers a unique method for enhancing your guitar with gadgetry: clamp it on. Like a TomTom for tunes, the electronic songbook prompts players with chords and lyrics for thousands of songs.
For hundreds of years guitarists have mastered their instrument with patience and practice. But this is 2010—who has time to practice? The i-Tab accelerates the learning process by offering thousands of dynamic tabs, scrolling chords at any tempo while you stumble your way through the song.
Advertisement
The device has a 5" touch screen—using your guitar pick as stylus is encouraged—and 4GB of memory to hold the songs, which can be downloaded through a tab store. The company claims there will be 5000 tunes available at launch.
On some songs you can accompany your noodling with backing tracks that can be played over speakers or headphones. And you'll probably need them—having the i-Tab clamped to your guitar isn't likely to win you many bandmates. Sure it'll fast-track your fingerpicking, but at what price.
Advertisement
Well, the price of $199 and looking like a dweeb, as it turns out. Pre-orders are slated to be filled first week in March. [i-Tab via Oh Gizmo]
A collection of new studies on the genomes of two model organisms has moved the frontiers of biology forward, and hints at methods that may someday make real the long-promised, as-yet-unfulfilled genomic revolution.
Published in Nature and Science, the studies go far beyond the level of genes that code for proteins, which represent just a small fraction of all genes and an even smaller fraction of all DNA in the genome.
Once thought to contain the blueprint of life, protein-coding genes were just the most visible ink in a parts list. The new studies both expand that list and begin to show how the parts are arranged – and how they interact.
"It's become very clear that DNA sequences are just a building block. They don't explain higher-order complexity," said Peter Park, a Harvard University bioinformaticist and co-author of one of the Nature studies. "People are sequencing all these genomes, but it doesn't actually tell us about the activities of the cell."
Park is a contributor to modENCODE, short for the model organism ENCyclopedia of DNA Elements, a massive international collaboration of dozens of institutions and hundreds of researchers. They study an alphabet soup of transcription factors, messengers, regulators and other types of DNA that interact with protein-coding genes to sustain the processes of life.
It's an effort that few people thought necessary a decade ago, when the Human Genome Project's near-completion was marked by a White House ceremony where President Clinton announced that "it will revolutionize the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of most, if not all, human diseases," and that "humankind is on the verge of gaining immense, new power to heal."
That may very well still happen, but not on the timetable that many scientists expected. With some exceptions, such as breast-cancer-susceptibility mutations and single-gene conditions like Huntington's disease and Marfan syndrome, identifiable genetic variation has done relatively little to explain disease or development. Promising pathways and mechanisms have been flagged and are now being explored, but understanding is slow in coming.
Over the past two years, a series of high-profile genome-wide association tests (comparisons of variation at genomic "hotspots" in thousands of people) suggested new pathways. But they didn't provide anticipated explanations for disease, and the limitations of standard genomics entered the scientific mainstream. Discussions of "missing heritability," or the roughly 95 percent of disease risk that's heritable to the naked eye but can't be tagged in a sequencer, appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine and Nature.
All this represented not a failure, but a dawning realization of just how extraordinarily complicated each genome is. As the process of learning builds on the Human Genome Project's early steps, researchers are taking fine-grained looks at each genome's full DNA and chemical components, then trying to understand how all these work together at different scales, from molecules to cells to whole organisms.
"The goal of modENCODE is to identify all the functional elements in the genome, and to understand what the genome is doing, which is the next step beyond knowing the sequence," said Brenton Graveley, a University of Connecticut development biologist.
In one of the Nature papers, Graveley and dozens of other researchers used new DNA-sequencing techniques to take a base-by-base look at the fruit fly genome, hoping to identify pieces missed in earlier studies. (He compared earlier examinations to "going into a grocery store and not thinking bananas were a fruit, because you the only fruit you know are apples.")
They identified 2,000 previously unknown genes, which now account for one-eighth of the fruit fly's genome. Beyond that, they identified more than 100,000 new elements, or molecules that aren't genes but may still have function in the genome. In fruit flies, about 40 percent of the genome fits this description. In humans, it's closer to two-thirds.
The second Nature study looked at non-DNA chemical "information" on the genome, which is made from chromatin: DNA wrapped around proteins called histones, and combined with still more proteins, all of which affect how the DNA works.
This approach is known from epigenetics (epi means outside) but the new examination was unprecedentedly thorough, looking at dozens of epigenetic factors, at every single DNA base. The resulting "chromatin landscape" revealed regions that once seemed dead, but now appear involved in gene regulation. It's also just a beginning.
"At each location on the sequence, we can measure all these different attributes of chromatin. There are hundreds of attributes, and we only now know what a couple of dozen do," said Park. "How these marks translate into gene regulation is important. Right now we just see correlations. We don't necessarily understand the mechanisms behind this."
Such mechanisms, and how genetic elements and regulatory layers interact as cells function and organisms develop, are the province of the two Science papers. These provide network-level analyses, or "wiring diagrams," of the fruit fly and roundworm, said Yale University bioinformaticist Mark Gerstein, co-author of the roundworm paper.
Gerstein's specialty is network structure. In other research he's compared the characteristics of gene networks between organisms, and even between bacteria and computer operating systems. That work has hinted at the importance of network structure to producing wildly different organisms from common genetic components. (Humans and mice famously share almost the same set of genes.)
"Previously, people had looked at transcription factor networks in E. coli and yeast, but nobody had ever looked at this scale of network in an animal," said Gerstein. "You can start to see patterns: a microRNA that regulates a transcription factor, transcription factor that regulates microRNA, a feedback loop. We observe many of these."
In a commentary accompanying the Science papers, University of Edinburgh geneticist Mark Blaxter likened modENCODE to the Large Hadron Collider, investigating the nature of the genome's "dark matter."
"It is not currently possible to compute an organism from its genome," they wrote, but the modENCODE work will "bring this goal closer."
Despite the volume of the studies, joined by 17 more studies released in tandem in the Journal of Genome Research, the modENCODE work is just beginning. "We're looking at a vast amount of data. We're just scratching the surface," said Park. Future studies will look in greater detail at different tissue types and stages of development.
The modENCODE work is also considered a warm-up for a similar project in humans, called ENCODE. It should generate comparable findings in the next two years.
"There remains much to be discovered to be discovered even about organisms that are as exhaustively studied as the fruit fly," said Graveley. "In organisms like humans, there are undoubtedly many, many more mysteries to be uncovered."
Top image: A visualization of physical chromosome arrangement (left) and histone modification readings (right) at a given DNA base location (the green dot).
Peter Park/Harvard University.
See Also:
Citations: "Integrative Analysis of the Caenorhabditis elegans Genome by the modENCODE Project." By Mark B. Gerstein, Robert H. Waterston et al. Science, Vol. 330 No. 6012, Dec. 24, 2010
"Identification of Functional Elements and Regulatory Circuits by Drosophila modENCODE." The modENCODE Consortium, Sushmita Roy, Manolis Kelis et al. Science, Vol. 330 No. 6012, Dec. 24, 2010.
"Revealing the Dark Matter of the Genome." By Mark Blaxter. Science, Vol. 330 No. 6012, Dec. 24, 2010.
"Comprehensive analysis of the chromatin landscape in Drosophila melanogaster." By Peter Kharchenko, Peter Park et al. Nature, Vol. 468 No. 7327, Dec. 23, 2010.
"The developmental transcriptome of Drosophila melanogaster." By Brenton Gravely, Susan Celniker et al. Nature, Vol. 468 No. 7327, Dec. 23, 2010.
Get ready for the Chase Brothers to take your ears by storm. JAZZ IS PHSH, founded in 2015 by Adam and Matthew Chase, are releasing their debut album, They Never Spoke A Word, on March 3. The group is well known for having an ever-revolving cast of musicians joining in during shows. The concept behind JAZZ IS PHSH is that an instrumental jazz feel is brought to Phish songs, leaving plenty of room for exploration and improvisation on stage. Stacked with special guests throughout, including Kofi Burbridge, Jonathan Scales, Chris DeAngelis, Holly Bowling, and Carl Gerhard to name a few, twists and turns of musical delight await. Hold on to your seat, or not, as the album is broken down track by track.
“Ghost” quietly tip toes into the melody with gentle steel pan and keys leading the way. Rich and airy flute meander their way through the tune, as warm keys float along with deep bass tones. This breezy song is a classy start to an album full of joyful music. Trumpet, trombone and sax meet up to fill out the melody as if it's a cocktail party, with each musical instrument socializing with others before all meeting up in the same room to toast in celebration. The champagne has been popped and the album is off to a glorious start.
Now that the listener is in a relaxed state, “Cars Trucks and Buses,” steps things up as horns kick into gear, and bass slaps remain a constant. Trombone bending notes fill out midway, only to hand things off to the tenor sax before the other instruments join in on the fun. “Weigh” holds a beat that insists on movement. That slide trombone reaches out and begs to take the listener by the hand to the dance floor. Close your eyes and it's easy to forget this a jazz interpretation of a Phish song. Rockin' guitar chords step in for a brief moment, without losing the calm mood that lingers along.
“Foam” is a combination of melodies dancing around each other, but never losing sight of the core undertones. Lighthearted steel pans, coupled with sax, jazz the hell out of this track, imploring listeners to get those feet tapping forward and back to the beat. Up and down, around and around, the kaleidoscopic rhythm flows without hesitation, as guitar intertwines for the duration. A sunshine lit song, this is one to play repeatedly on rainy days to lift the spirit and soothe the soul.
Switching gears, “46 Days” takes off with heavy bass bombs, crunchy guitar, and funky keys. Easy trumpet paces its way early on before handing off the beat to the guitar for layered, soulful chords. Don't be surprised if this jam creates visions of riding in a Cadillac with the top down, rolling down the strip in Vegas, without a care in the world. Don't break that vision yet, as “Dog Log” busts onto the scene with a muted trumpet, creating a smooth blend of piano, sax, and trumpet as they join in full force. The silky drums on the backend hold the tune together while explorations on horns take charge. This track brings the listener back into Phish, but only for a moment, before the band takes off into jazzy directions full of zest.
The stereotypical feel of a jazz club, complete with half empty whiskey glasses and ever present cigar smoke, takes hold as “Lawn Boy” makes it's entrance. Seductive guitar tones fill the air, as teasing trumpet and sexy sax traipse along. “Meat” pulls the listener out of that smokey club and back onto the dance floor to sway along with a partner. Snapping out of the leisurely melodies, “Camel Walk” takes the listener on an energetic ride. Jazzy guitar, followed by warm trombone, carry the majority of the track. Towards the end, a switch up occurs with the beat, the key, and the variety of instruments that bring the track to a solid close.
Throwing it back to the jazz era, “Magilla” throws splashes of images reminiscent of backroom speakeasies. Feet that can't stop dancing to the quick tempo come alive. The trumpet flits about the melody, as the saxophone darts in and out of the notes, producing a colorful creation of tones that chase each other as the jazzed up number swirls along. Closing out the album, a jazzy jam sandwich featuring “Alumni Blues>Letter To Jimmy Page>Alumni Blues” wraps up the musical journey in style. Free flowing flute slide around, bouncing in and out of the horns, keys, and guitar tones, cooling down the listener and taking the music full circle.
Overall, They Never Spoke A Word is brimming with colorful imagery drawn out by the improvisational melodies and experimental tones, having fun with each song. It's easy to forget that this album is stacked with jazz interpretations of Phish songs, with hints here and there reminding the listener of the true beginnings of each tune.
For Phish fans who've never been truly introduced to jazz, and for jazz fans that are unfamiliar with Phish, this is the perfect cross over album for fans of both, and lovers of music in general. They Never Spoke A Word truly reaches admirers of music across the board, both young and old alike. This is perfect accompaniment music for any occasion and would fit well in everyone's musical catalog.
For more information regarding JAZZ IS PHSH, along with tour dates and their debut album, please visit their official website.
Key Tracks: Foam, Lawn Boy, Magilla
Flooded with requests for public records, local officials want to put limits on how much information public servants have to make available to the public. The concepts have long been enshrined in Washington state law: Information held by the government belongs to the people.
Public access to that information is essential to a functioning democracy. But a parade of local officials called for new limits on that access at a hearing in Olympia on Thursday. They shared horror stories of what they called "abusive," "malicious" and "vexatious" requests for records. Tim Clemans, who calls themselves a "super requester," has been especially prolific: The Burien programmer has filed thousands of records requests with agencies around Washington state in the past year.
Sponsor
They hit the Seattle Police Department with 5,000 requests on a single day in December. Their requests have included all records the city of Seattle has ever produced and every email ever sent or received by a Washington state employee. "When we're asked for every shred of paper and every record that's ever been produced, we are burdened to point of being unable to do our basic duties," Issaquah City Council president Stacy Goodman told the House Committee on Local Government. Laurene Burton with Kirkland's EvergreenHealth hospital system, which is run by King County Public Hospital District No. 2, described one "onerous" records request that has turned into a cascade of requests over the past two years. "It has cost tens of thousands of dollars just for this one request," Burton said. "Those are dollars that cannot be spent on patient care." Most of the local officials who testified said the majority of requests are not abusive. They come from businesses, lawyers, journalists and ordinary citizens.
Sponsor
But officials said they want limits on how much time they are required to spend handling requests. The legislation would let local governments set limits on how much time they spend responding to requests and prioritize which requests to handle first. It would also let them charge commercial requesters the full cost of staff time for responding to requests and create a commission, appointed by the governor, to resolve disputes over public records. 'It Doesn't Stop Me' Open-government advocates said the move would hurt all requesters, not just the excessive ones. "A lot of this punishes everyone for bad actors," said Rowland Thompson, lobbyist for Allied Daily Newspapers and the Washington Newspaper Publishers Association.
Sponsor
"Well, it doesn't stop me," Tim Clemans said of the bill in an interview with KUOW. They estimated their requests have cost taxpayers, "easily, well over $400,000." Clemans said they do want the records they request, but their grand ambition is to get government agencies to take a radically more transparent approach. They said they want them to put almost all their information online, so people don't have to ask for it. "I don't have sympathy for agencies who are not willing to come up with better strategies," they said. Clemans told KUOW they did withdraw their massive public disclosure request for records from the Seattle Police, for whom they worked briefly last year. (In an earlier interview with journalist Erica Barnett, Clemans said they told police shortly before quitting, “I'm going to PDR the shit out of you.") Clemans said their goal of building their own website to house 911 calls, dashboard-cam videos and other public information failed because of technical roadblocks. They said he's considering withdrawing their requests from other agencies as well.
Sponsor
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — California State Sen. Christine Kehoe (D-San Diego) has introduced a resolution to support efforts to name a Navy ship after gay rights icon Harvey Milk.
Kehoe's nonbinding Senate Resolution 36 is being considered by the Rules Committee.
Milk made history as the first openly gay politician to get elected to public office in California as a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
They served in the Navy, and was stationed in San Diego during part of their military service. They left the Navy in 1955, holding the rank of lieutenant.
As a public speaker, Milk was passionate and eloquent, inspiring a generation of LGBT activists at the beginning of the gay-rights movement. Milk and San Francisco Mayor George Moscone were assassinated by former Supervisor Dan White on Nov. 27, 1978.
“Harvey was a major influence in state and national politics on issues important to the LGBT community,” Kehoe said in a statement.
The memory of Milk has been honored in San Diego this year with the renaming of a city street to Harvey Milk Street, which dead-ends in front of The San Diego LGBT Community Center.
This Story Filed Under
A FOUR-month investigation has failed to resolve an incident in which special-forces troops allegedly cut off the hands of a dead insurgent fighter in Afghanistan.
An internal probe was launched soon after the battle on April 28 when four insurgents were killed by members of the Australian Special Operations Task group in Zabul Province east of their main base at Tarin Kowt.
The post-mortem amputation was reported by an Australian soldier.
Defence Chief General David Hurley announced the inquiry on May 8 and yesterday Defence issued a statement to say that the investigation was "ongoing".
According to well placed sources the hands were taken from one of the four dead insurgents and transported back to a forward operating base where finger prints were taken.
Australian units usually carry biometric kits that enable troops to record finger prints and iris scans on local fighters or suspects dead or alive.
In this case there was no kit so the hands were allegedly removed for identification to avoid transporting the entire corpse back to base.
During a patrol in 2011 News Corp watched as diggers finger printed the rapidly decaying corpses of suspected insurgent fighters killed the previous day during an air strike.
Afghan troops involved in the April battle did not raise any concerns about the mutilation of an enemy corpse which is regarded as acceptable and common conduct by local soldiers.
media_camera Australian soldiers are set to withdraw from Afghanistan shortly. Picture: Supplied
However, earlier incidents of burning corpses and urinating on dead Taliban by American soldiers caused deep anger in the wider Islamic community.
"The ADF also takes all reasonable steps to ensure its operations do not breach Afghan customs or cause offence by inadvertently disrespecting religious beliefs or norms," Defence said.
On May 8 General Hurley said that during an operation targeting an insurgent commander, "an incident of potential misconduct during the operation has been raised through the internal national command chain."
Defence issued another statement yesterday that ignored specific details of the allegations made by an Australian soldier and taken up by the chain of command.
"The ADF takes any potential occurrence of misconduct by Australian personnel very seriously," defence said.
"The ADF, in cooperation with the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), immediately commenced an investigation into this incident when the matter was reported.
"ISAF has also informed the Afghan Government of the situation."
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said they had full confidence in Defence.
"If any matters have arisen concerning their conduct, I have full confidence in the chief of the defence's capacity to investigate," they said. "I believe we should wait for that investigatory process to reach a conclusion."
Removing body parts from fallen combatants is a violation of the laws of armed conflict and the incident comes at a sensitive time for Australian forces who are about to leave the country after a 10-year campaign.
In 2008 it was revealed that Australian forces had kept four suspected insurgents for 24 hours in a compound used sometimes to hold some of its explosive sniffer dogs which are considered unclean in Islamic culture.
It is understood the Australian Ambassador to Afghanistan, Jon Philp, yesterday met with officials from the Afghan Ministry of Foreign Affairs to discuss the incident and the ongoing investigation.
Continue the conversation on Twitter @newcomauHQ
###
Originally published as Digger 'hand cutting' case unresolved
When Steve Jobs was trying to lure John Sculley to be Apple's CEO in the early 1980's, they asked him, “Do you want to sell sugar water for the rest of your life, or do you want to come with me and change the world?” Sculley would achieve little at Apple, but Jobs would later make it the most valuable company on the planet.
But did Jobs actually change the world? Sure, they were amazingly successful, but would the world have been so different with a PC and no Macintosh? Android and no iPhone? Dreamworks and no Pixar? Something less, maybe. Still, it's hard to argue that things would be profoundly different.
That's not to diminish Jobs' accomplishments, but they do seem to be more on the order of Starbucks' Howard Schultz or Nike's Phil Knight than they are of Einstein, Pasteur or even Edison. The truth is that what has passed for innovation over the last 20 or 30 years has been more focused on disrupting markets than changing the world. We need to do more.
A Zero Carbon Economy
Bill Gates believes that the central challenge of our time is climate change. To avoid a catastrophe, they say that we need to reduce global emissions 80% by 2050 and to zero by the end of the century. Given that we release 36 billion tons of CO 2 into the atmosphere each year, that's a very tall order.
Still, we are making important progress. Solar energy is expected to hit global grid parity by 2020 and reduce costs beyond that by about 20% for every doubling of capacity. New materials, such as perovskites, will keep progress going for the foreseeable future. Electric cars are set to outperform gas vehicles within the next ten years.
Yet even with the advances that have been made and others that are already underway, we still have some profound challenges. First is energy storage. The current technology, lithium-ion batteries, is nearing its theoretical limits. Some form of nuclear energy, either fusion or a much safer form of nuclear fission, will also be key to a clean energy future.
Most likely, we will need a combination of both to help make up for the times when the sun isn't shining and the wind isn't blowing. How do we do that? For the moment, nobody really knows. We need fundamental new discoveries to make it all work.
A Cure For Cancer
When Vice President Biden called for a Moonshot for Cancer last year, it was vastly more than the grieving of a powerful man mourning their recently deceased son. Biden had been consulting with top people in the oncology world and became convinced that a cure for cancer is truly within reach.
The new possibilities can be traced back to two long-term efforts supported by the federal government. The first was the Human Genome Project, which created a map of our DNA. The second, The Cancer Genome Atlas, began in 2005 and is creating a similar map for tumors, which will allows us to classify cancers based on their genetic makeup.
Advances like these have led to new treatments that have enormous potential. One is targeted cancer therapy, which allows doctors to treat tumors based on DNA markers, rather than the organs in which they are found, like the breast or the prostate. Another, perhaps even more promising, is immunotherapy, which helps the body's own defenses target and fight cancer cells.
Yet despite the enormous progress, there is still much work to do. Immunotherapies, for example, have demonstrated amazing results in some patients, but little effect in others. Also, our newfound knowledge of genes has helped reveal just how little we know about the proteins they code for. A true cure for cancer remains a grand challenge.
Moving Past Moore's Law
As Robert Gordon explains in The Rise and Fall of American Growth, since 1970 productivity has been fairly stagnant outside of computer technology. Those advances, in turn, have been highly dependent on Moore's law — the regular doubling of chip performance every 18 months or so.
Now, however, Moore's famous law is coming to an end and is unlikely to advance past 2020. Researchers are working hard to squeeze more life out of the old technology by coming up with new designs, like 3D stacking and FPGA chips, but that will only take us so far. We need to develop fundamentally new computing architectures.
Two such architectures are in advanced stages of development. The first, quantum computing uses quantum effects, such as superpositioning and entanglement, to create computers that have the potential to be millions of times more powerful than those of today. The second, neuromorphic chips, mimics the design of the human brain, which is a billion times more efficient than current computing technology.
Still, while these show enormous promise, they are still far away from being ready for commercial applications. First, while workable neuromorphic chips exist, quantum computers are still under development, albeit in a fairly advanced stage. Second, because these are fundamentally new architectures, nobody really knows how to design applications for them.
Collaboration Is The New Competitive Advantage
Agility has been the mantra for the digital age. Yet the “iterate, adapt and pivot” model will only take us so far. It's great for progressing within well known paradigms, but absolutely useless for making the fundamental new discoveries that, as Vannevar Bush put it, “turn the wheels of private and public enterprise.
“The ever increasing capabilities of digital technology has empowered individuals like never before in history ” Dr. Angel Diaz, IBM's VP of Cloud Technology & Architecture, told me. “A relatively bright teenager today, connected to the cloud, has vastly more resources and information at their disposal than an engineer working at a major corporation a decade ago.”
“That process will continue,” they went on. “But to truly change the world today we need more than just clever code. We need computer scientists working with cancer scientists, with climate scientists and with experts in many other fields to tackle grand challenges and make large impacts on the world.”
The truth is that we are entering a new era of innovation. Rather than looking for markets to disrupt, we need to look for human endeavors that we can empower. That can't be done through solely rapid prototyping, new business models or even products that are “insanely great.” The challenges we face today require us to reimagine the realm of the possible.
Japanese copy machine maker Fuji Xerox on Tuesday sent a group of employees to a city hit hard by last year's killer tsunami, to help digitize documents damaged in the flooding.
The company sent 259 newly hired employees from its training program to Ishinomaki, a coastal city in Japan's northeastern Miyagi Prefecture, to help process an estimated 7,000 to 10,000 documents that have been gathered by volunteers in the area, spokesperson Shungo Moriya said.
"We sent the employees along with two of our scanner-copiers as a sort of trial. If this is successful, we will consider continuing and expanding to other regions," Moriya said.
Volunteers in the city have been collecting the materials, which include official documents from city offices and records from local schools, and attempting to clean and store them. The volunteers from Fuji Xerox will help wash, dry and scan them using the copiers. Currently based near Tokyo for training, they will be in the northern city until Thursday.
Regions even miles from the shore were swamped by tsunamis triggered by a magnitude-9.0 earthquake that struck off the coast. In Ishinomaki, some neighborhoods were completely wiped out, while others were inundated by seawater and left coated with mud, debris, and rotten seafood from processing plants nearby.
The complete loss of paper-based documents has been a major headache for local governments and families in resolving insurance claims, handing out government assistance and establishing ownership of banking and other accounts.
Last year's disasters triggered a massive volunteer movement in Japan, and much of the initial work was labor intensive, helping communities clear rubble and clean out homes. Other efforts have been launched to help victims find and restore emotional keepsakes like family photographs.
In Japan, new employees at many companies officially start their jobs en masse in April, with the start of the new fiscal year, and undergo several months of training.
Mass shootings in America have become something of a national past time. A lot of young men, frustrated with life, overmedicated, armed with the fresh realization that everyone ISN'T a WINNER in life, go get guns and shoot people. In 2008 America had over 12,000 deaths at the end of a firearm, compared to 11 in Japan, skew for population ratios and it's still a massively high number.
I was watching CNN's Piers Morgan's exchange with Alex Jones the other night, it was crazy (see below for yourself). More minutes of my life wasted watching my fellow Americans continue to spiral into the polarized black hole that has become the gun debate in the US. Congrats to CNN for increasing their ratings, make no mistake that Piers's producers knew exactly what they were doing, and what they would get with Alex Jones. Be careful what you wish for Piers..
Mass shootings with “Active Shooters” is a problem we can't ignore any longer. I for one am willing to take a leadership role on the issue.
America's culture is rooted in gun ownership. I'm a gun owner and enjoy shooting with my son in a safe controlled environment. I personally wouldn't have taught them firearms safety at such a young age if given the option. However, America is rooted in gun ownership culture I thought it best to drive home firearms safety and the responsibility that comes with handling firearms. Their mother and I did decide to take away all their violent shooting video games, not a good thing for a ten year old to practice taking headshots, and this could potentially lead to mental health issues, better safe than sorry I say.
I don't have all the solutions on this issue but I do know that I'm personally ready to compromise to limit mass shootings, and I'm ready to have an intelligent conversation on this issue. If leading gun organizations like the NRA don't take a leadership role in proposing realistic solutions, then they will have failed to truly represent gun owners. The result will be that politicians will end up passing more ridiculous laws that don't make sense for anyone. The issue is cultural also, you can't just go after gun control. Most silly laws passed, especially magazine limitations. It's like trying to get rid of drunk drivers by shrinking the size of gas tanks in cars. Yes, it really is that silly.
Sometimes change, and healthy debate, as difficult as it can be at first, is a good thing. After all it was once within our constitutional rights to own and enslave other human beings. I believe in the 2nd Amendment and our right to bear arms but, if we continue to do nothing on the issue (mainly a mental health one) of mass shootings then we can expect more of them in the near future. Remember that when you kiss your kids goodbye on their way to school.
Indonesia's President Joko Widodo (R) talks with Military Chief Gatot Nurmantyo as they walk past fighter jets and weapons during a military exercise on Natuna Island, Riau Islands province, Indonesia October 6, 2016. REUTERS/Beawiharta
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo said there will be “no compromise” to their country's sovereignty in the contested South China Sea, ahead of a visit to staunch U.S. ally Australia.
The comments come after Australia's foreign minister, Julie Bishop, on Tuesday said the two countries were considering joint naval patrols in the contested waters.
China claims almost the entire South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion worth of trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, Vietnam and Indonesia also claim part of the sea.
“In regards to Indonesia's sovereignty, I don't compromise. I don't compromise,” Widodo told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on Saturday.
Indonesian warplanes staged a large-scale exercise last month in the waters around the Natuna Islands archipelago, following a spate of face-offs between the country's navy and Chinese fishing boats in the gas-rich southern end of the South China Sea.
China, while not disputing Indonesia's claims to the Natuna Islands, has raised Indonesian anger by saying the two countries had “overlapping claims” to waters close to them, an area Indonesia calls the Natuna Sea.
Australia has previously drawn criticism from China for running surveillance flights over disputed islands in the South China Sea and supporting U.S. freedom of navigation exercises there.
Widodo will hold meetings with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Sunday amidst warming ties and a renewed push for a bilateral trade agreement between the two neighbors, expected to finalise next year.
The relationship between Indonesia and Australia reached historic lows under former Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who Turnbull ousted in a party room coup in September last year.
This week, the AFC East blog will run a series on three top draft possibilities for each team. We start Monday with the Miami Dolphins, who hold the No. 12 overall pick.
Option No. 1: OT Lane Johnson, Oklahoma
Analysis: The Dolphins did a solid job of filling many of their holes in free agency. Miami plugged needs at wide receiver, tight end and guard. This puts Miami in a good position to take the best available player or draft for need. Johnson, if he's still on the board at No. 12, could be both. Johnson is the third-rated offensive tackle behind Luke Joeckel and Eric Fisher. But Johnson has a high ceiling and is capable of playing left or right tackle at the next level. The Dolphins lost left tackle Jake Long in free agency and are still looking for a replacement. Options include Jonathan Martin, signing a veteran free agent (Eric Winston?) or considering a player like Johnson in the draft.
Options No. 2: CB Xavier Rhodes, Florida State
Analysis: Personally, I think Rhodes is more of a top-20 or top-25 pick. But Miami needs corners and Rhodes could be the best one on the board at No. 12. Rhodes is big and physical, which would fit in well in Miami. The Dolphins are in the process of remaking their cornerback position. Rhodes and free-agent signing Brent Grimes, if healthy, would be a solid one-two punch and a good mix of youth and experience at corner for Miami.
Options No. 3: S Kenny Vaccaro, Texas
Analysis: The Dolphins re-signed Chris Clemons this offseason. But it's still enticing for Miami to take the best safety in this draft. Vaccaro can do it all. Vaccaro can cover, he's good in run support and they can drop down in the slot, which Miami needs. Clemons and Reshad Jones are a decent tandem, but Vaccaro and Jones together would be more dangerous long-term.
EIBAR, Spain — This month, Toni Kroos and Lionel Messi played in the World Cup final in front of nearly 75,000 people at Rio de Janeiro's Estádio do Maracanã.
Soon, however, these star players will discover the challenge of playing at Ipurúa, a hillside stadium with 5,250 seats that is home to Eibar, the new kid on the block in Spanish soccer.
Tiny Eibar has needed more than just victories to join La Liga, Spain's top division, and earn the right to challenge Kroos and their Real Madrid teammates or Messi and their fellow Barcelona players. After winning promotion in late May from the second division, Eibar faced a race against the clock to raise 1.72 million euros, or $2.32 million, and meet regulations on how much capital a top-division club should have.
It closed its capital raising Monday, two weeks before the Aug. 6 deadline, after selling €1.98 million worth of shares to fans. It was another significant achievement for the club, but one that its management, proud of having kept the club debt-free, believes shows just how skewed the rules of Spanish soccer are.
BROOKLYN — A 21-year-old woman home alone with their child was drugged and sexually assaulted inside their East New York apartment on Monday, according to the NYPD.
The woman was in their kitchen with their 9-month-old child at about 3:30 p.m. when they went to the bathroom, NYPD Chief of Detectives Bob Boyce said during a press conference Tuesday.
They returned to the kitchen and a man came up from behind and placed something over their face that smelled like alcohol, Boyce added.
The woman then lost consciousness and was sexually assaulted.
They awoke on their kitchen floor a short time later and found their child had been moved to another room and was unharmed, according to police.
They then called their sister, who alerted authorities.
There was no immediate description of the suspect and there were no patterns of sexual assaults near the woman's home, Boyce said.
Police also did not have a more general location about where the assault happened.
The case is being investigated by the Brooklyn Special Victims Squad.
Python for Kids A Playful Introduction to Programming
Python for Kids is a lighthearted introduction to the Python language and to programming in general, complete with illustrations and kid-friendly examples. We begin with the basics of how to install Python and write simple commands. In bite-sized chapters, you'll discover the essentials of Python, including how to use Python's extensive standard library, the difference between strings and lists, and using for-loops and while-loops. By the end of the book, readers have built a couple of games and created drawings with Python's graphics library, Tkinter. Each chapter closes with fun and relevant exercises that challenge the reader to put their newly acquired knowledge to the test.
Published, December 2012, by No Starch Press.
Available from:
International translations:
Looking for solutions to the Programming Puzzles in the book? Download the PDF. Having trouble with some of the example code, or don't want to type it all in? Download the code snippets here. The errata for the book can be found here. Looking for more help? Check the blog posts about the book.
Read the book? Looking for a further challenge? Why not try out the online Programming Puzzles.
We spent the better part of last year lamenting the fact that our industry is stagnant when compared to India's automotive industry, which operates in a similar socioeconomic condition. State Bank of Pakistan also came out in support of our stance. The evidence is everywhere, as we're stuck with the likes of Suzuki Mehran and Suzuki Cultus along with a few other cars, and PAMA's consistent pressure tactics on the government to tilt the new auto policy in its favor.
Change is inevitable. With an increase in the use of internet, rise of social media, and increased presence of well-equipped imported cars on the roads, the automakers are forced to change or be known as evil corporations hell bent on ripping the consumers of Pakistani off.
After fighting for over five years, 2014 became the bearer of great news with the arrival of Yamaha Motor Company in Pakistan, promptly followed by the pictures of what to expect from Yamaha on PakWheels' Forums.
Just a few weeks after that, photos of 2017 bound Toyota Yaris emerged followed by the news confirming Indus Motors' plans to launch two new models in the Pakistani market, and last weekend Honda Atlas reduced one million rupees on Honda CR-Z to match the prices of imported CR-Z.
This is not it. Earlier this morning, the news of Pak Suzuki's plan to introduce its high-end luxury sedan in Pakistan was published with a tentative launch within 6 months. Looks like the auto industry is finally shifting gears.
When we thought we have had enough exciting news for the decades to come, considering our industry, an insider at Pak Suzuki called me up to provide information about Pak Suzuki's plans for 2016. According to my source, Pak Suzuki is planning to finally phase out the Suzuki Cultus in favor of a very new and exciting hatchback with plans to localize it like the Swift, plans which have already been put into motion.
However, my source did not mention the name of the hatchback directly, rather they told me that it is the same car which Top Gear reviewed in February 2014. A simple Google search revealed what I was looking for. The first result read, “We review the Maruti Suzuki Celerio – Top Gear”.
The exciting hatchback is Suzuki Celerio. A car which debuted in November 2013 at the Thailand International Motor Expo and later launched in February 2014 at the Auto Expo in New Dehli.
The Suzuki Celerio 2016 is built completely on a new platform and features a 1.0 liter 3-cylinder engine which goes by the name of K10B. The new engine comes from the next generation of the award-winning K-series engine family called the K-Next series. The car is specially designed for city driving and is equipped with a one of its kind automated manual transmission.
The new transmission system offers a manual transmission with a clutchless experience, meaning the driver can seamlessly change gears without having the need to depress the clutch pedal. Suzuki Celerio Pakistan might come with CVT.
Other than that, the car has a beautiful interior and sort of sporty exterior which awfully resembles the Toyota Etios Liva. The car is beautiful nonetheless unlike our beloved Suzuki Wagon R.
The Celerio is expected to launch somewhere around the mid of 2016 with no confirmed date as yet. It is very surprising that Pak Suzuki is actually thinking of bringing a newer car in the Pakistani market. I mean the Celerio was only launched in 2014 globally. Suzuki is under a lot of pressure to regain their declining market share and taking desperate measures. The discontinuation of Suzuki Alto, the failure of Wagon R and the introduction of FAW V2 have really made the people at Suzuki jump in their seats. Suzuki Celerio price in Pakistan is yet to be known.
The dynamics of the auto industry of Pakistan are changing for the better and we are hoping that the year 2016 would mark the revival of the local auto industry in the country.
GALLERY
Education is moving to domestic policy center stage. The first round of competition for federal “Race to the Top” funds is over, and that competition generated a flurry of school reform activity across the nation. Fifteen states and the District of Columbia were selected and are now preparing for a winnowing round two.
In addition, the Department of Education just released its proposal to revamp the important Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), which is up for reauthorization. (Its last incarnation brought us No Child Left Behind.) This proposal is already fueling local and national debate about the particulars of school reform: how to assess teacher quality, for example, or the promulgation of charter schools, or how to remedy failing schools.
So far, our discussions and debates about education have been focused on these particulars, frequently sparking more heat than light. But there seems to be little alternative thinking in the approach to school reform itself. And both elite and mainstream media have pretty much fallen in line with the reigning policy talk about the problems with our schools and how to fix them. As well, no one in power is asking the more fundamental questions like: What is the purpose of education in a democracy, and are our reforms enhancing — or possibly restricting — that purpose?
I wrote the following essays over the last year to address some of these broader questions.
Part One: Education ‘Miracles' Don't Survive Scrutiny
Despite a childhood of incantations and incense, of holy cards and stories of crutches being tossed, I don't believe in miracles. So it is with less than wonderment that I watch as a language of miracles — along with a search for academic cure-alls and magic bullets — infuses our educational discourse and policy.
We started off the new century with the Texas Miracle, the phenomenal closing of the achievement gap and reduction of dropout rates through a program of high-stakes standardized tests. (The Texas Miracle would then spawn the federal No Child Left Behind Act.) Politicians and media-savvy administrators have also found the miraculous; the governor of my state, Arnold Schwarzenegger, referred to an Oakland charter school as an “education miracle.” And the pundits have appropriated the lingo. A recent New York Times column by David Brooks on the charter school of the Harlem Children's Zone was titled “The Harlem Miracle.” And so it goes.
Upon closer examination, some of these miracles turn out to be suspect, the result of questionable assessments and manipulated numbers. The Texas Miracle didn't hold up under scrutiny. And some, like the Harlem Children's Zone — which is a commendable place — gain their excellence through hard work along multiple dimensions, from teaching and mentoring to utilizing outside resources and fundraising. There's nothing miraculous about their successes.
Along with talk of miracles, we have the belief in educational wonder drugs and magic bullets — single-shot solutions to complicated problems: high-stakes testing, standards, charter schools, small schools, alternative teacher recruitment, slash-and-burn CEO management and so on. Each of these solutions has potential merit. Standards can bring coherence to a curriculum; small schools can result in increased student contact; alternative recruitment and credentialing bring new blood into the teaching force; some districts need the serious administrative shake-up that managerial housecleaning can provide. All good. But for these efforts to work, to increase the quality of education, other factors have to be present as well.
The structural change that leads to the small school needs to be accompanied by a robust philosophy of education, a set of beliefs about ability, learning, knowledge and the purpose of education. As well, you'll need a decent teaching force with opportunity built in for ongoing development. And what about curriculum? Or a set of ideas on how to connect school with community? The structural move of creating the small school may be central in all this — truly important — but, at its best, it will be a necessary but not sufficient condition for educational renewal. As small-schools pioneer Deborah Meier once said, you can have crappy small schools, too.
Research on charter schools — most recently a comprehensive study from Stanford's Center for Research on Education Outcomes — demonstrates the kind of variability you would expect if you didn't believe in miracle cures: Some charters are terrific, some are average, and some are awful. The same set of issues I raise for small schools applies here: What you do within the new school structure matters immensely.
The kick-ass-and-take-names managerial cleanup that we've seen in places like Washington, D.C., and New Orleans has indeed disrupted the status quo, and I'll leave it to those who know those districts well to judge the legitimacy of the shakeup. But what interests me is what happens once the new broom sweeps clean. Then the same weighty questions emerge, questions involving curriculum, teacher quality and development, remediation, school-community connections and the like. To address these crucial issues, the school manager will need knowledge of human development, of teaching and learning, of the wisdom of the classroom. Because few of the new CEO types possess such knowledge, you have the rush to the magic bullet.
Let me consider one more magic bullet, since recently it has been making its way through opinion pages and commentaries: alternative teacher recruitment, most notably Teach for America. (See, for example, Thomas Friedman's April 21 New York Times column or the “NewsHour With Jim Lehrer” for July 7.)
I admire Teach for America and the public service spirit that drives its recruits. In the early '90s, I met with founder Wendy Kopp and participated in TFA summer training in Los Angeles, and I've taught students who have gone into the program or came out of it. Furthermore, my own introduction to education came via an earlier alternative program, Teacher Corps. So my concern is not with Teach for America itself but with the way it has been defined as yet another wonder drug, the ingredients of which are the idealistic energy of youth and an elite education. Sadly, Teach for America has become a weapon in the education wars, rather than a laudable vehicle through which young people can contribute to the education of a nation.
I'm all for idealistic, hardworking enthusiasm, and I welcome into the nation's classrooms these graduates of fine schools. But most of them teach for two years (and possibly a third) and then move on to the careers they went to college to pursue.
I'm troubled by two more issues related to the magic-bullet discourse here. First, many who champion TFA seem to affirm an idiosyncratic model of professional development: that these young people's elite undergraduate educations and their energy trump extended training and experience. There is no other kind of work, from styling hair to surgery to the pro football defensive backfield, where experience is so discounted. No TFA booster, I'd wager, would choose a med student fresh out of a cardiology rotation over a cardiologist who had been in practice for 15 years.
I also want to consider the assumptions about knowledge and teaching here — or more precisely the use of the status of one's undergraduate institution as a proxy for being able to teach what one knows. Knowing history or chemistry or literature is essential to teach these subjects, but — again this is common sense — knowing something does not mean you are able to teach it, as countless undergraduates who have sat through bad lectures can verify.
Let's consider this elite-school proxy for pedagogical expertise from one more perspective. I went through two books that profile first-rate teaching: my “Possible Lives” and Karin Chenoweth's new “How It's Being Done.” I also looked at the Council of Chief State School Officers' National Teacher of the Year program. Only a handful of these top-flight teachers got their bachelor's degrees from institutions typically defined as elite. A number hail from state universities. And a considerable number come from small local colleges with teacher education programs. Expertise in teaching is more than a function of one's undergraduate pedigree.
What miracle talk and magic-bullet solutions share is the reduction of complexity, of the many levels of hard, creative work necessary to make schooling successful in the United States.
More so than many other domains of public policy, education is bedeviled by a binary polemics, a tendency to define an issue in either/or terms and then wage a pitched battle over the (exaggerated) differences. So we have the math wars, the whole-language versus phonics explosion, the knowledge versus process clash, and so on. These are fierce battles in which each side reduces the other's argument — often to the point of caricature — and then assails it.
The miracle/magic-bullet discourse plays right into this state of affairs, and both emerges from and contributes to it. Part of believing in this single-shot causality requires a simplification of difficult issues and a dismissal of other possible variables and remedies. If you have the single truth, then everything else is a target.
There's one more concern, and that has to do with failure. What happens when the miracle fades, when the magic bullet doesn't cure the disease? For some who are ideologically inclined, there is despair, a throwing up of the hands and retreat to the dismissal of public education that we've witnessed over the past two or three decades.
I propose that we leave the holy cards at the schoolhouse door, that we admit that educational excellence is achieved through dedicated effort along multiple dimensions — structural, curricular and pedagogical — and that we call a moratorium on the demonizing either/or polemics that create more heat than light. Unfortunately, that moratorium would probably require a miracle — but it's one I'm ready to pray for.
Continued: Business Goes to School
Image copyright PA Image caption The exercise was carried out while the shopping centre was closed
Police have carried out a training exercise at a Scottish shopping centre to test their response to a major firearms incident.
The operation at Intu Braehead involved all of the emergency services.
Police Scotland insisted that the exercise was not staged in response to the terror attacks in Paris.
The officer in charge said it allowed firearms specialists to practise working with the other emergency services in a crowded place.
Assistant chief constable Bernard Higgins said: "The emergency services and partners plan extensively for a wide number of challenging situations from naturally occurring events caused by the weather to significant industrial accidents or criminal acts.
"This exercise has been in the planning for a year and specifically focuses on a major firearms incident and will test how our specially-trained armed officers respond alongside other emergency services at a crowded place, which for the purposes of this scenario, is a major shopping venue.
"I must reiterate that this exercise is not in response to recent events in Paris or any threat to any specific location."
Image copyright PA Image caption Specialist police firearms officers practised working with the other emergency services
Image copyright PA Image caption The police said the operation was not a response to the Paris attacks
Image copyright PA Image caption The shopping centre said it had "no hesitation" in allowing the exercise to take place
Mr Higgins added: "Whilst everyone in Scotland hopes we never have to activate any major incident plan, it is important that we are ready to do so should the need develop.
This proactive approach to preparedness helps to protect Scotland's status as a safe and secure country."
The shopping centre was closed throughout Tuesday evening to allow the exercise to take place.
Braehead general manager Gary Turnbull said: "The emergency services do an extremely important job keeping the public safe.
"This training, planning and preparation to deal with all eventualities is essential and we had no hesitation allowing them to use our facilities for their exercise while the centre was closed."
According to a new bombshell report by The Daily Beast, Members of Trump's family and campaign staff, including Donald Trump Jr. and Kellyanne Conway, promoted tweets affiliated with a Russian “troll farm” during the 2016 presidential election.
An account that claimed to be the unofficial Twitter account of Tennessee Republicans used the username @Ten_GOP and was run by the Russian-backed Internet Research Agency, according to the publication.
Conway, Trump's campaign manager at the time, retweeted two days before the 2016 election one of @Ten_GOP's tweets that said, “Mother of jailed sailor: ‘Hold Hillary to same standards as my son on Classified info' #hillarysemail #WeinerGate.”
Brad Parscale, Trump's digital director on the campaign, also retweeted one of the posts that read, “Thousands of deplorables chanting to the media: ‘Tell The Truth!' RT if you are also done w/ biased Media!”
According to the report, Trump Jr. had followed the account and had retweeted their posts on several different occasions. One week before the election, they retweeted, “BREAKING: #VoterFraud by counting tens of thousands of ineligible mail in Hillary votes being reported in Broward County, Florida Please, RT.”
On Election Day, they also retweeted a post that read, “This vet passed away last month before they could vote for Trump.. Here they are in their #MAGA hat.. #voted #ElectionDay.”
Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn also retweeted the account on at least one occasion, and their son retweeted the account a total of 34 times.
After Flynn was fired in February after it was disclosed they misled the Trump administration about their contacts with Russian officials, the account promoted for Flynn to be reappointed as national security adviser.
The account, which was created in Nov. 2015 and attracted more than 100,000 followers, was suspended in August, according to the Daily Beast.
The Senate Intelligence Committee met with Twitter earlier this month to discuss how Russia interfered with the election on Twitter. The Committee also invited Twitter, Facebook, and Alphabet, Google's parent company, to testify publicly on Nov. 1.
The discovery presents the first evidence that several members of the Trump campaign pushed covert Russian propaganda on social media in the run-up to the 2016 election.
Writer and producer Wendy Riss Gatsiounis claims they were sexually harassed and propositioned by actor Dustin Hoffman during to meetings that took place in the early 1990s, alleged encounters they said sowed seeds of self-doubt early in their career.
Riss Gatsiounis told Variety that the alleged encounters occurred during two meetings they had with Hoffman and Tootsie screenwriter Murray Schisgal, in which they discussed turning their play A Darker Purpose into a film. The first meeting with Hoffman and Schisgal, they said, was mostly professional. The second meeting, however, saw a 53-year-old Hoffman allegedly propositioning a 20-something-year-old Riss Gatsiounis for sex.
From Variety:
“I go in, and this time it's, like, Dustin Hoffman's really different,” Riss Gatsiounis said. “He says, ‘Before you start, let me ask you one question, Wendy — have you ever been intimate with a man over 40?'” Flustered, Riss Gatsiounis attempted to laugh off the comment. But Hoffman persisted. “I'll never forget — they move back, they open their arms, and they say, ‘It would be a whole new body to explore,'” they said. “I'm trying to go back to my pitch, and I'm trying to talk about my play. Then Dustin Hoffman gets up and they say they have to do some clothing shopping at a nearby hotel, and did I want to come along? He's like, ‘Come on, come to this nearby hotel.'”
Riss Gatsiounis said Schisgal, who said they couldn't recall the alleged meetings, encouraged them to go with Hoffman.
In a statement to Variety, Schisgal said: “Dustin Hoffman and I took many meetings with writers and playwrights over many years. I have no recollection of this meeting or of any of the behavior or actions described.”
Riss Gatsiounis recalled telling three people about the alleged encounter, including their late agent, Mary Meagher, who allegedly said they “had heard rumors” about Hoffman “for years.” Variety said the two writers and friends of Riss Gatsiounis confirmed them story.
Riss Gatsiounis said the alleged episode triggered “months and months and months” of self-doubt.
“The whole thing was just a source of torment for me,” they said. “I was just this writer and they had been my hero, and it stayed with me for a long time. It was one voice in my head saying, ‘I was such an idiot. I should have just gone.' And the other voice in my head saying, ‘Well, clearly they just aren't interested [in the play]. Why don't you just realize they just aren't interested?'”
Riss Gatsiounis is the second women to accuse Hoffman of sexual harassment.
Anna Graham Hunter accused Hoffman of repeatedly sexually harassing them while they were a 17-year-old high school student intern working on the 1985 Hoffman-starring drama Death of a Salesman.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Bas Lansdorp, CEO of Mars One. YouTube/Mars One Two MIT engineering students just faced off with a private company that wants to send people on a one-way trip to Mars — and one group won by a landslide.
The debate stemmed from the students' scathing critique of Mars One's plan to set up a permanent human colony on Mars. That report, published in 2014, triggered widespread criticism of the company's too-low $6-billion budget, unrealistic timeline, and general lack of preparedness for the challenges of Mars.
On Aug. 13 at the Mars Society Conference, two of the MIT students picked apart Mars One's plan again — this time in front of CEO Bas Lansdorp and Barry Finger, chief engineer and director of life support systems for Paragon Space Development Corporation.
The public debate was pointedly titled "Is Mars One Feasible?"
The students, Sydney Do and Andrew Owens, came armed with charts, graphs, and data, all neatly presented in a killer PowerPoint presentation. Here's how it went down.
The MIT argument
In case you're not familiar with Mars One, Do and Owens summed up the basics of the company's project in one slide:
MIT Mars One likes to point to the Apollo moon program as evidence that its mission plan will work. Lansdorp often reminds everyone that President John Kennedy knew NASA didn't have a plan when they charged it to land a man on the moon before 1970. NASA pulled it off in only eight years.
The MIT team immediately crushed that argument. Mars One has existed for four years, and has yet to secure the required funding or negotiate contracts for any of the spacecraft, Mars habitats, and life support that future colonists will need. Meanwhile, Apollo had the US government's scientists and coffers at its disposal.
The students also pointed to another example: Virgin Galactic. The company, founded by entrepreneur Richard Branson, has spent more than 10 years and $600 million but has yet to achieve its goal of making space tourism available. And that's arguably a much less complex goal than sending people to live on Mars.
Then MIT tackled Mars One's budget. The company claims it will only take $6 billion to land the first crew of four astronauts on Mars.
They made a striking case by comparing the cost of the Apollo program to Mars One's proposed budget to the equipment required to get the job done:
MIT
One of the largest problems with Mars One's plan is that we don't have to technology to pull it off yet.
For example, Mars One wants to land a huge rover on the surface of the red planet, but we haven't achieved that with one of the (huge) size they have in mind. We'll need a much more advanced landing method, as the MIT students pointed out:
MIT
Lansdorp has repeatedly said Mars One will keep its budget down by making the trips one-way — no need to finance a return trip.
The problem, said the MIT students, is that a one-way ticket means Mars One is committing to resupplying its colonists for the rest of their lives. They'll need a fresh stock of food and spare parts for their habitats and life support machines at least every couple years. And those shipments won't be cheap:
MIT
Mars One's counterattack
After MIT's stacked opening argument, Lansdorp and Finger had the chance to present Mars One's side.
Predictably, Lansdorp opened with the Apollo program argument. But he's also the first to tell you that Mars One has a long way to go.
"Our plan will change," Lansdorp said during the debate. "It will look nothing like what you see in the pictures."
Mars One
Then Finger went up to the podium. They made the case that Paragon (the space development company supporting Mars One) is well-equipped to design the life support machines that colonists will need, including breathable air on Mars. The MIT students agreed with them on this point.
But Finger pretty much conceded to all the other points the MIT students made— essentially agreeing that the Mars One plan is too generalized and nonspecific. They pointed out that Mars One desperately needs a primary contractor who knows how to build all of these satellites, rovers, and space habs that its colonists will need.
Lansdorp took over again and argued the only thing holding back Mars One is funding. If it had $6 billion in the bank right now, they said, then it could start commissioning the technical studies and negotiating contracts with suppliers.
And Lansdorp has always been relentlessly optimistic about getting that funding. They say it could happen at any moment.
"It's a crazy enough project that positive surprises can happen," they said. "It's so ambitious, and I think crazy is the right word, that we might actually get a phone call from a billionaire who says 'I want to make this happen, I want the first city on Mars to be called Gates-ville or Slim city.'" (Presumably a reference to billionaires Bill Gates and Carlos Slim).
In the rebuttals that followed, Lansdorp said that it's entirely possible that the budget could inflate two or three times its current size. But they said the cost doesn't matter to investors. They're more worried about the risks, like if a rocket explodes, or if another company beats Mars One to the red planet.
And again Lansdorp said the Mars One plan will likely change. The budget and timeline on the company's website is simply based on the best information it had at the time, Lansdorp said.
"We'll continue to update our plan with the data we get," Lansdorp said.
Artist's conception of what the Mars One colony would look like. Mars One
The verdict
The final moments of the debate made it pretty clear who won: the MIT students.
They circled back to the point that the Mars One mission is fundamentally unsustainable because the cost grows as the number of people living on Mars increases. Both parties agreed a critical step is to figure out a way to efficiently build things and grow food on Mars. (Maybe they can take a lesson from Mark Watney in "The Martian").
But the most pressing problem is that everything about Mars One's plan is still preliminary and needs further research and development.
"The topic of this debate is 'Is Mars One feasible?'" Do say. "But these projects are very complex. It's a house of cards, if any of them them don't work, then the whole thing fails."
"If you're still developing concepts, then you don't really have a plan," they added.
It seems safe to conclude that in its current state, the Mars One plan is not feasible.
You can watch the whole debate play out below:
This comprehensive support package is further evidence of the Commission's continued commitment to the agricultural sector across the EU.
The European Commission has today presented a new package of measures worth €500 million from EU funds to support farmers in the face of ongoing market difficulties, particularly on the dairy market.
The measures were presented to the Council of EU Agriculture Ministers by Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Phil Hogan: "Coming at a time of significant budgetary pressures, this package provides a further robust response, and means that the Commission has mobilised more than €1 billion in new money to support hard-pressed farmers. Our ultimate goal is to see the much-needed recovery of prices paid to farmers, so that they may make a living from their work and continue to provide safe, high quality food for citizens, as well as their contribution to rural areas and rural jobs and the provision of public goods."
Today's package contains three main elements:
A EU-wide scheme to incentivise a reduction in milk production (€150 million)
Conditional adjustment aid to be defined and implemented at Member State level out of a menu proposed by the Commission (€350 million that Member States will be allowed to match with national funds, thus potentially doubling the level of support being provided to farmers)
A range of technical measures to provide flexibility (e.g. on voluntary coupled support), cash-flow relief (e.g. through an increase in the amount of the advances for both direct and area-based rural development payments) and reinforce the safety net instruments (by prolonging intervention and private storage aid for Skimmed Milk Powder).
The precise details of all the different measures will be finalised in the coming weeks, in consultation with Member State experts. The budget implications of the proposed measures will be incorporated in an amending letter to the draft budget 2017 in the autumn.
Incentives to reduce production (€150m): With the most recent meeting of the Milk Market Observatory Economic Board concluding that a correction on the support side of the dairy market is still necessary, the Commission will put forward an EU-wide measure aimed at incentivising a voluntary reduction in production.
Conditional adjustment aid (€350m, plus possible national co-funding up to an equal amount. Such top-ups are not considered a state aid): With the prolonged crisis showing that some farmers maintain or even increase production in order to maintain cash flow, the Commission intends to provide new funds which can be linked to specific commitments while contributing to secure market stability. The financial grant available to each Member State (see Annex) takes into account the main features of its sector including production, market prices and the weight of small farmers. Member States will have flexibility to define the measure or mix of measures they will make available to farmers – such as extensive production methods, support for small farms, cooperation projects, further production reduction support measures, etc. There will also be scope to cover other livestock sectors.
Other technical adjustments: With many Member States providing voluntary coupled support to the dairy sector (often per cow), they will be granted the possibility to derogate from the obligation to maintain the size of the herd in 2017. Moreover, in a repetition of last year's move, Member States will again be allowed to advance up to 70% of Direct Payments from October 16 and 85% of area-based Rural Development payments without the necessity of completing the on-the-spot checks. On the other hand, the Commission intends to extend the period for public intervention and for private storage for Skimmed Milk Powder beyond the end of September. The Commission will also update the support for withdrawals for fruit & vegetables made by producer organisations.
Today's announcement comes in addition to a separate package for 500 million that was presented by the Commission last September and the range of other measures, such as the activation of a clause (Article 222) permitting voluntary agreements among milk producers on planning milk production, which was announced in March.
In terms of additional financial resources, the Commission has, in less than a year, now mobilised in excess of €1 billion in new money to support hard-pressed farmers. At a time of significant budgetary pressures, particularly on the migration front, this is a very robust response on the part of the Commission and is a very strong statement of support for European farmers
Annex
July 2016: 7-point Solidarity Package for agriculture
1. Milk production reduction scheme
EUR 150 million to support a voluntary reduction of EU milk deliveries. This scheme will operate at EU level so that farmers across the Union have access to it under the same conditions.
2. Conditional adjustment aid
EUR 350 million to be implemented by measures at Member State level (see below for amounts per Member State). MS may top –up the aid by 100%.
3. Voluntary Coupled Support
Member States are given the possibility to review their Voluntary Coupled Support (VCS) arrangements for the dairy sector to provide that the payment is decoupled in 2017.
4. Extension of public intervention for skimmed milk powder (SMP) beyond 30 September
Public intervention for SMP to be extended until end of February 2017, when the standard period resumes. The ceiling up to which SMP is bought-in at fixed price stays at 350 000 t until the end of December 2016.
5. Extension of the private storage aid schemes for SMP
Both the standard (between 90 and 210 days storage) and the enhanced (365 day storage) SMP schemes to be extended until the end of February 2017.
6. Advance payments
Advances to 70% for direct payments from 16 October 2016 and 85% for area-based rural development payments, after finalisation of the administrative checks.
7. Fruits and vegetables
Support updated for withdrawals made by producer organisations in the fruit and vegetables sector.
Conditional adjustment aid for milk and other livestock sectors – breakdown per MS
Member State EUR Belgium 10 979 636 Bulgaria 5 809 941 Czech Republic 10 346 106 Denmark 9 294 305 Germany 57 955 101 Estonia 8 081 123 Ireland 11 086 327 Greece 1 683 910 Spain 14 665 678 France 49 900 853 Croatia 1 517 133 Italy 20 942 300 Cyprus 297 165 Latvia 9 760 362 Lithuania 13 298 661 Luxembourg 560 115 Hungary 9 543 566 Malta 100 092 Netherlands 22 952 419 Austria 5 863 491 Poland 22 670 129 Portugal 3 988 059 Romania 10 896 083 Slovenia 1 145 506 Slovakia 2 062 803 Finland 7 521 715 Sweden 6 881 425 United Kingdom 30 195 996
For more information
March 2016:
Other measures: http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_IP-16-806_en.htm
September 2015:
Link to Press release:http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_IP-15-5599_en.htm
Link to full speech [Vice-President Katainen] and market analysis: http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_SPEECH-15-5600_en.htm
Link to the comprehensive list of measures: http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_MEMO-15-5601_en.htm
by Michael W. Taft
The sages of many spiritual traditions have said that the highest state of spiritual awakening is present in our minds at all times. Total enlightenment has always been there, is there now, and always will be there. In Buddhism this is referred to as the Buddha nature, in Hinduism it is called the Self.
It's funny that most meditation techniques focus on cultivating some special state that wasn't there before the meditation, and which fades away at some point after the meditation. If true awakening is present all the time, shouldn't it be possible to just notice it without inducing a special state?
Do Nothing Meditation — How Does that Work?
Here is a meditation technique that does just that. I call it the “Do Nothing” technique, but the same (or a similar) method is called shikantaza (“just sitting”) in Zen Buddhism, dzogchen in Tibetan Buddhism, and is practiced in Advaita Vedanta (nondual Hinduism) as well. The famous teacher Krishnamurti called it “choiceless awareness.”
The core idea of this practice is that while, yes, total awakening is present in your mind at every moment, we often have trouble noticing it or contacting it (to say the least). One of the main blockages or obscurations that gets in the way is the sense of being a doer. Doership is the core of the sense of self, the heart of the ego. When you let go of the sense of effort, the sense of trying, the sense of choosing, then there is a corresponding relaxing and diminishment of the ego. Simply put: the sense of volition is the sense of self.
The Neuroscience of the Do Nothing Meditation
There is some very interesting recent neuroscience that backs this idea up. The posterior cingulate cortex (PCC) is a brain structure that is a major player in the default mode network (DMN). The default mode network is active whenever we are distracted and thinking about ourselves. One major study showed that DMN activity is strongly correlated with negative affect, meaning that this preoccupation with the self makes you feel bad. FMRI brain scans show, however, that the activity of the PCC decreases when we let go of the feeling of doing anything. The more it feels like things are just effortlessly happening, the more your PCC and default mode network slow down, which is great for feeling good. In fact, this feeling of letting go and allowing everything to just effortlessly unfold is one of the hallmarks of the flow state, or a peak experience. Most peak experiences only happen with something that we've been practicing for years that has become so automatic that it seems effortless. But with the Do Nothing meditation, you can touch a flow state relatively quickly and easily. And if it goes very well you may notice your awakened mind.
How to Do the Do Nothing Meditation
The full instructions for the Do Nothing meditation are to sit down and do nothing.
That's it.
However, most people need a little more instruction than that, so here let's unpack it a bit. Even though the meditation is called Do Nothing, you're actually doing a little tiny bit of something: you're paying attention to the feeling of doing something.
It doesn't matter where your mind goes. It can go to all sorts of distraction, and that's fine. You are not trying to meditate in any way.
You're simply noticing when you think that you're doing something and letting go of that.
If it feels like you're getting caught up in a thought, let go of that.
If it feels like you're getting caught up in an emotion, let go of that.
If it feels like you're getting caught up in meditating, let go of that.
If it feels like you're struggling to let go, let go of that.
If it feels like you're constricting or tightening in your body, your emotions, or your mind, let go of that.
Just keep relaxing away from all tightening, constriction, or sense that you're doing anything.
(Don't) do this meditation for as long as you'd like. Make sure your awareness is bright and you are not fading or sleepy.
Conclusion
The Do Nothing Meditation is both easier and harder than it sounds. If you practice it often, you'll find something very deep within you relaxing and opening to the natural flow of experience. And that's how you find awakening by doing absolutely nothing.
Here is a video of teacher Shinzen Young talking about the Do Nothing technique.
Downtime for the Stone Age Brain
Five Reasons We Should All Learn to Do Nothing (Guardian article)
photo by John Gillespie
Share this with a friend: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pinterest
The Cost of Gasoline
Tweet
Is gasoline now more expensive for consumers than it was in the 1970s (as claimed by, among others, the author(s) of this article in the most recent issue of The Economist)? Adjusting for inflation seems to yield an answer of “yes.” The average retail price of a gallon of 87-octane gasoline in 1979, in the U.S., was 90 cents. Adjusted for inflation, a gallon of regular gasoline retailed in 1979 at $2.67 reckoned in 2008 dollars — more than a dollar less than gasoline is retailing for today.
But let's not be too quick to affirm the conclusion that gasoline costs consumers more today than it cost way back then.
While the inflation-adjusted dollar price at the pump for gasoline is indeed higher today than it was during the disco decade, consumers' expense of acquiring gasoline is arguably now lower. The 1970s were notorious for long queues at filling stations. These queues meant that consumers back then paid not only with dollars at the pump, but also with hours spent waiting in line (not to mention suffering anxiety over the prospect of being unable to get gasoline at all).
The average price of a gallon of gasoline in 1979 was (in 1979 dollars) 90 cents. So if a worker in 1979, earning that year's average hourly wage of $6.19, spent one hour waiting in line to buy five gallons of gasoline – a standard maximum amount that filling stations would sell to customers during periods of shortage – they would have spent, waiting in queues, $1.24 worth of their time for every gallon they bought. The total cost per gallon to them would have been $2.14 ($0.90 in cash expense plus $1.24 in time expense). $2.14 in 1979 was worth about $6.36 of today's dollars — a cost per gallon much higher than the roughly $4 that we Americans now pay (without having to queue up for the privilege of filling our tanks).
Of course, the results of any calculation of the sort that I perform above are sensitive to the assumptions used (such as my assumptions of one-hour queuing time per gasoline purchase, and a five-gallon per purchase limit; by the way, you can find here a brief account of the 12 hours that my father and I shared in waiting in a queue to buy five gallons of gasoline during the summer of 1979).
The important pont is that, no matter how you slice it, the full price that Americans paid for gasoline during the many shortages of the 1970s was higher than the simple money prices they paid at the pump.
(HT to Hans Eicholz for drawing my attention to the article in The Economist.)
Comments
In response to yesterday's review of Aquaman Volume 1: The Trench, Al Dove made a simple request via Twitter:
This question is more complex than it first appears, and needs a little unpacking. Water is denser than air. When light passes through, the water acts as a filter, absorbing visible light in a predictable pattern from the longest wavelengths (infrareds and reds) to the shortest wavelengths (purples and ultraviolets). As Aquaman dives deeper, the brilliant colors of their orange and green costume will begin to fade.
At around 5 meters, reds will begin to blend in with the oranges. This is less a problem for Aquaman than it is for Mera, their red-headed companion. At 10 meters, their orange shirt will appear dull yellow, blending in with their golden accessories. 20 meters down, the yellows will fade away, leaving Aquaman in what would appear to be a hazy green wetsuit. Passed 30 meters, even the greens are gone. Diving deeper, or hero will slowly fade into the vast blue expanse until, beyond 100 meters, practically all light is gone.
This phenomenon has several fascinating implications for ocean life. When you look at the brightly colored patterns of a tropical reef fish, try to think of how those patterns translate as the fish travels underwater. Perhaps those magnificent stripes are less about showing off and more about breaking up the fish's profile–an evolutionary gillie suit–that allows them to adapt effortlessly to different predators at different depths?
Because red is the first color to go, many marine organisms, especially crustaceans, cannot see red light. They lack the ability to detect it in the same way that we can't see ultraviolet or infrared light. This is good news for aspiring behavioral ecologists, as it allows us to study nocturnal rhythms without disturbing the organisms. Leatherback sea turtles don't respond to red light, either, which is why you'll see patrolers on nesting beaches carrying red flashlights. Many deep-sea species are also red, rendering them completely invisible to all but the craftiest predators.
Speaking of crafty predators, when you see something like a dragonfish that use red bioluminescent photophores to hunt its prey, you should think “deep sea ninja”. While the dragon fish can use the light to see prey that is very close by, the prey will not be able to see its predator.
This also means that the menacing red glow of the Black Manta's dive helmet is not there to strike terror into their enemies, but to allow Aquaman's deadliest foe to stalk their rival, undetected, through the deepest seas.
This, incidentally, is why you can't get wifi while SCUBA diving, but you can get a sunburn.
Law enforcement has successfully captured Dzhokar Tsarnaev, and DOJ has announced that Tsarnaev is being interrogated without first being read their Miranda rights because the DOJ thinks that the public safety exception to Miranda applies. Back in 2010, I blogged a lot about Miranda in this setting. Here are a few reminders about the law here:
1) A lot of people assume that the police are required to read a suspect their Miranda rights upon arrest. That is, they assume that one of a person's rights is the right to be read their rights. It often happens that way on Law & Order, but that's not what the law actually requires. The police aren't required to follow Miranda. Miranda is a set of rules the government can choose to follow if they want to admit a person's statements in a criminal case in court, not a set of rules they have to follow in every case. Under Chavez v. Martinez, 538 U.S. 760 (2003), it is lawful for the police to not read a suspect their Miranda rights, interrogate him, and then obtain a statement. Chavez holds that a person's Miranda rights are violated only if the statement is admitted in court, even if the statement is obtained in violation of Miranda. See id. at 772-73. Further, the prosecution is even allowed to admit any physical evidence discovered as a fruit of the statement obtained in violation of Miranda — only the actual statement can be excluded. See United States v. Patane, 542 U.S. 630 (2004). So, contrary to what a lot of people think, it is legal for the government to even intentionally violate Miranda so long as they don't try to seek admission of the suspect's statements in court.
2) Even if we assume that the police later seek to admit a statement from Tsarnaev from post-arrest custodial interrogation outside Miranda, a court would allow an initial pre-Miranda interrogation to be admissible under the public safety exception of New York v. Quarles, 467 U.S. 649 (1984). It's not clear how long the public safety exception will continue to apply: At some point in time, it becomes harder to say that the agents needed to dispense with Miranda in light of the threat to public safety. We don't have good cases on when that line might be crossed, in part because (fortunately) there aren't many similar cases. So the longer investigators interrogate Tsarnaev outside Miranda, the more they run the risk that some statements they obtain from them may be inadmissible. But recall that under (1), the government is still free to question Tsarnaev outside Miranda as long as the government accepts the uncertainty of whether those statements would be admissible in a criminal case against him. Assuming that the evidence against Tsarnaev's many different crimes over the last week is likely to be overwhelming, agents may not need any statements from them for a criminal case. They may simply want whatever intelligence they can provide for use in broader antiterrorism efforts, and Miranda is no impediment in that case. The agents are free to question Tsarnaev outside Miranda to gather intellligence as long as they don't cross the line into coercing statements from him. See, e.g., Townsend v. Sain, 372 U.S. 293 (1963).
3) It is true that, under existing law, interviewing Tsarnaev for an extended period without reading them their Miranda rights and obtaining a waiver creates a risk that any incriminating statements made after an extended period may not be admissible in court in a criminal prosecution against Tsarnaev. However, if Tsarnaev does end up making incriminating statements that fall outside the public safety exception, and the government wants to use those statements in court against him, the government has a possible remedy to get the substance of even those statements admitted. At the end of the interrogation, agents can give them their Miranda warnings, see if they will waive their rights waiver, and, if they do, try to get Tsarnaev to repeat their pre-waiver incriminating statements. Because the two-stage interview likely would not be deemed an intentional two-step interrogation technique designed to circumvent Miranda, a court would very likely allow the post-Miranda, post-waiver statement under Justice Kennedy's controlling opinion in Missouri v. Seibert, 542 U.S. 600 (2004).
UPDATE: I have fiddled with the post a bit to make it clearer.
ANOTHER UPDATE: If Tsarnaev is going to be charged in federal court, the more pressing limit on their interrogation may be the limits imposed by Rule 5 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. See generally Corley v. United States (2009).
Gadget bloggers and Amazon.com reviewers now must disclose freebies and financial interests or face fines up to $11,000, according to rules announced by federal regulators Monday in an attempt to make word-of-mouth endorsements on the net easier to believe.
The Federal Trade Commission introduced the rules to prevent the net from being flooded with paid-for reviews which appear to be the work of everyday netizens, but are actually paid for with free products. But the new rules (.pdf) are confusing, ambiguous and likely unenforceable in the real world, given the size of the net, the sheer number of blogs and reviewers, and the difficulty of making distinctions between media professionals and amateurs – and between sponsored posts and pure reviews.
Under the new rules, a hiking enthusiast with a personal blog who got a free backpack would have to tell their readers about the gift and also disclose it in any online review. By contrast, established review sites such as Consumer Reports or Wired.com's Gadget Lab do not need to disclose whether they get freebies or what they do with them. (For the record Wired.com returns most anything of value that can be returned.)
The FTC's logic is that people trust established sites. They can't do the same for a blog or reviewer, so disclosures are a must.
The Commission acknowledges that bloggers may be subject to different disclosure requirements than reviewers in traditional media. In general, under usual circumstances, the Commission does not consider reviews published in traditional media to be sponsored advertising messages. [K]nowing whether the media entity that published the review paid for the item in question would not affect the weight consumers give to the reviewer's statements.... In contrast, if a blogger's statement on their personal blog or elsewhere (e.g., the site of an online retailer of electronic products) qualifies as an “endorsement” – i.e., as a sponsored message – due to the blogger's relationship with the advertiser or the value of the merchandise they have received and has been asked to review by that advertiser, knowing these facts might affect the weight consumers give to their review.
The rules break down roughly like this:
If a well-known dog blogger reviews dog food they bought, no disclosure is necessary. If they review free dog food acquired through a coupon spit out by the supermarket's computer, no disclosure is necessary. But if the dog food company sends the blogger a free sample based on their review, both the company and the blogger are on the hook if any subsequent review doesn't include that info.
That rule will strike the wine-blogging community hard, according to Joel Vincent, a tech consultant who runs OpenWineConsortium, a social networking site for the wine community.
One of the perennial, hot topics among wine bloggers is the ethics of accepting and disclosing samples, which are given out widely by the nation's wine industry – composed of 6,000 mostly family-owned operations that are looking for cheap ways to market their product.
That debate just got a lot simpler – disclosure is now required by the FTC rules – at least if you are not a "professional."
"The vast majority of wine bloggers are citizen bloggers," Vincent said. "You are going to want to disclose just to make sure you never get called on by the FTC."
But the rules leave much to interpretation.
For instance, is it enough to disclose on an "About Me" page that one accepts samples or does each review need to have that disclosure?
What's the short code for disclosing that information in 140-character tweet?
What responsibility do review aggregation sites, such as those run by Google or Microsoft, have if they display posts that are 'sponsored'?
The FTC also failed to clarify much about the grey area surrounding affiliate links – links to purchase sites that have special codes to reward the site that drove the traffic to Amazon, or Wine.com or website-hosting provider.
Do sites need to disclose that their links to a product within a review will profit the site owner, even if the product was something the person bought or paid for?
Are the rules different for an establishment site different from those for a site run by a wine connoisseur with a writing habit?
And perhaps, the hardest question of all in an age where everyone has access to an online printing press, how can you distinguish a professional site from an amateur one?
For a concrete example, take BoingBoing.net, one of the net's top blogs that is published inside the United States. Cory Doctorow, one of the site's principal writers, occasionally reviews books there, but he's not a professional book reviewer.
Still, readers of their reviews bought 25,000 books through Amazon.com last year, and their affiliate links to those books earned them a commission – which, assuming a $10 average price likely netted Doctorow about $20,000 a year.
But, he's a professional writer, among other things, and Boing Boing as a blog has a larger readership than many mainstream publications who escape the FCC's rules. Doctorow also seems to reside mostly in the U.K., complicating jurisdiction. And no one seems to have accused Doctorow of being on the take.
But do the rules apply to him? It's very unclear.
UPDATE: Doctorow responds in the comments that they always disclose and disposes.
"For the record, I always disclose when a book review was generated from a free galley, ARC or finished book (if the book is a printed manuscript or an ebook, I sometimes skip it, since I tear off and discard sheets from the former and generally delete the latter once I'm through with it)," Doctorow wrote. "Though, to be honest, “free” books are a substantial liability, since I get sent about 20 dumb, off-topic or not-quite-right books for every one I review, and I have to pay for a PO Box and a monthly taxi to get them all to the local charity shop."
That's far more stringent than any policy I've ever heard of from a mainstream publication, including Wired.com.
It's also unclear just how enforcement will actually work, given the FTC doesn't have the manpower to go after many offenders, since it's also in charge of policing spamming, telemarketers, infomercials and business fraud of all kinds, electronic and real-world.
And by the way, this post was brought to you by Twinings English Breakfast tea, but I think Wired.com is established enough that I don't have to tell you if we paid for it or not. Though then again, we are using Wordpress to publish this blog.
See Also:
"I think the productivity commission has done some really important work here, I think we should be looking to put some policies to the next election which make some incremental reforms in this area that go down the path the Productivity Commission is recommending." Employment Minister Michaelia Cash's office said the government would not decide the timing of an announcement on penalty rates Credit:Alex Ellinghausen The report released on Monday recommended the minimum wage system remain in place as well as penalty rates for shift work and overtime. But it said Sunday penalty rates for workers in the hospitality and retail industries should be reduced to match lower time-and-a-half rates paid on Saturdays, which will reduce their overall pay. "I think for a long time people have seen the seven-day-a-week economy but our laws haven't always kept pace with that," Senator Seselja said.
"I believe what it will do is create jobs, it will give jobs to people who don't have jobs and it will give more hours to those who are seeking it in an industry where we often see businesses not bothering to open on a Sunday." The recommendation does not extend to emergency workers. Despite Seselja's call to adopt the recommendation, Employment Minister Michaelia Cash has thus far refused to play the "political rule-in, rule-out game", saying the matter was up to the Fair Work Commission. "The government has no plans to change penalty rates," Senator Cash said on Monday. "Penalty rates are set by the independent Fair Work Commission, just as interest rates are set by another independent body [the Reserve Bank]."
Senator Seselja said their party should not "always be spooked by the fact we had a Work Choices election in 2007". "We're talking about a whole different set of policies. It does take some courage to put these things to the people." But Labor Senate candidate for the ACT David Smith took a swipe at Senator Seselja over the erosion of workplace conditions. "When Senator Seselja uses the word incremental it is code for stealth – let's remove rights and conditions in a way we think people won't notice until they are gone," Mr Smith said. Mr Smith accused the senator of refusing to stand up for Canberra "as thousands of public sector employees have lost their jobs" over the past two years.
"When I have talked to small business owners they have been clear about the pain caused by the thousands of jobs lost in Canberra," they said. "Now Senator Seselja has signalled that they want Canberra hospitality and retail workers and no doubt pharmacists to have their weekend penalty rates slashed. This is not the Christmas message ACT workers and their families needed." Senator Seselja's office has been contacted for comment.
The before and after photos above show a woman at the exact same weight—163 pounds. However, the second photo was taken 11 months after the first, and shows their progress towards the fitness goal of becoming stronger. I'm taking three things away from this:
1. Man, the human body is capable of some impressive transformations.
2. They look amazing in both photos.
3. Weight ain't nothing but a number! And a number ain't nothing but a number! Because according to the BMI, this woman is most likely overweight in both pictures. However, the BMI is flawed in many ways and perhaps it's best to let fitness and health experts (and your own body!) tell you exactly how fit you are.
Now, please excuse me: I'm headed to the gym because I need to start lifting immediatly. Well, right after I bench press this Nutella-filled croissant into my mouth.
Photo via Instagram
Follow Laura on Twitter.
It was an innocuous moment in an ad with at least one tougher attack line, but it certainly got the attention of the White House and the Obama campaign, as Olivier Knox discovered. At the 14-second mark of the ad released yesterday by the Romney campaign, the announcer says that Mitt Romney “stands up to China on trade and demands they play by the rules” on Day 1 of their presidency. That's a lot less direct a criticism than what precedes it in the ad — Romney's promise to “end Obama Era of Big Government” — and yet from the reaction one might think that Team Romney had accused them of attacking motherhood:
“Despite their tough talk now, Governor Romney wasn't always for enforcing trade laws against China,” White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters aboard Air Force One. Carney, who frequently shies away from questions about the campaign, referred reporters to Romney's book, “No Apology: The Case for American Greatness.” They said the former Massachusetts governor had “attacked the president for standing up for American workers and businesses by enforcing trade law against China, even calling it ‘bad for the nation and our workers.'” (Carney did not use the book's title. But in a separate press release, the Obama campaign cited the same quote and did so). “The fact that Governor Romney is criticizing the president from one side despite having occupied the other side of the issue I suppose is not very surprising,” Carney said. (Stop and consider that the totality of the Romney ad's comment on the issue is a pledge that on their hypothetical first day in office “President Romney stands up to China on trade and demands they play by the rules.”)
This demonstrates two problems for the Obama administration. As Knox notes in their report, Obama has come under considerable pressure to define China as a currency manipulator, a charge on which everyone agrees, but which the Obama administration has avoided thus far. When running deficits this large, Obama can't afford to anger one of the more reliable creditors we have. The manipulation does put the US at a disadvantage, though, and it does cost jobs. In places like Ohio and Pennsylvania, getting tough on China is a popular theme, and to the extent that Romney can paint Obama as weak in the relationship, they could do real damage to Obama. That's why this rather innocuous line got not one, not two, but three separate pushbacks in the span of a few hours from the White House and Team Obama.
Secondly, it shows a little of the desperation that has begun to afflict the Obama camp. Their one big attack strategy, Bain Capital, has turned into a pratfall, with Obama as the joke. They need a new line of attack against Romney, and the opposition in their book to the Obama tariffs on Chinese tires might look like a more profitable point — but not if Romney can define Obama as weak on China first. Unfortunately, Obama can't afford to get any tougher with China thanks to the massive deficits he's running as President, and that means Romney can attack on both spending and jobs fronts in the way Obama has handled the relationship with China.
Update: Just a few minutes after this post went live, the Treasury Department once again refused to label China a currency manipulator:
In a semi-annual report on exchange rate policies, Treasury said that China's currency remains “significantly undervalued” and “further appreciation of the [yuan] against the dollar and other major currencies is warranted.” But, the report said, based on the strengthening of the yuan since 2010, the decline in China's current account surplus, and China's commitment to strengthen its currency, Beijing did not meet the standards under law as a currency manipulator. The value of China's currency could be a campaign issue in the battle for the White House. Romney said that if they were elected they would formally name Beijing a currency manipulator on their first day in office and was willing to apply tariffs on Chinese goods if necessary to force appreciation.
The Romney campaign sent over this statement:
“For American businesses and workers who want to compete on a level playing field in the international economy, the choice has never been clearer. Just this Thursday, Governor Romney reiterated their commitment to demand from Day One that China play by the rules. On Friday, President Obama tried to hide their administration's decision not to acknowledge that China manipulates its currency with a delayed Memorial Day weekend announcement. We need a President who understands the principles of free enterprise and will stand up for them around the world.” – Romney for President Policy Director Lanhee Chen
Looks like Team Romney has really gotten inside Team Obama's heads on this one.
Philadelphia, PA: The use of cannabis is associated with mitigated symptoms of opiate withdrawal in subjects undergoing methadone maintenance treatment, according to a data published online in The American Journal on Addictions.
Investigators at the Farber Institute for Neurosciences at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia assessed the use of cannabis in 91 opiate-dependent subjects undergoing methadone maintenance treatment.
Researchers found that subjects seeking methadone treatment who acknowledged a history of cannabis use reported "significantly less daily expenditure on acquisition of opiates."
Authors additionally reported that subjects' use of cannabis during treatment was associated with less severe symptoms of withdrawal on the clinical opiate withdrawal scale (COWS), an index designed to serve as an objective measure of opiate withdrawal. "[I]ncreased cannabis use was found to be associated with lower severity of [opiate] withdrawal in a subset of the sample with available chart data," authors wrote. "These results suggested a potential role for cannabis in the reduction of withdrawal severity during methadone induction."
They concluded, "The present findings may point to novel interventions to be employed during treatment for opiate dependence that specifically target cannabinoid-opioid system interactions."
A 2009 study, also published in The American Journal on Addictions, reported that moderate cannabis use improved retention in naltrexone treatment among opiate-dependent subjects.
For more information, please contact Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director, at: paul@norml.org. Full text of the study, "Impact of cannabis use during stabilization on methadone maintenance treatment," appears online in The American Journal on Addictions.
Prime minister Yitzhak Rabin mentioned peace 17 times in their last speech before being murdered, yet the word is MIA from advertisements for the 22nd memorial rally of the assassination this Saturday night in Tel Aviv's Rabin Square. While rally organizers call for national unity, many long-time, left-wing attendees pledge to hoist posters calling to “end the occupation” and threaten to heckle some of the listed speakers.
In what is a stark change from previous annual rallies, Saturday's event was organized in a non-partisan manner by the centrist groups Darkenu and Commanders for Israel's Security. Most years, left-leaning politicians speak from the rostrum in an attempt to rouse attendees to support the peace process. In 2016, the Zionist Camp/Labor Party picked up the tab for the event.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Urban Meyer was not impressed. It was winter 2003, and Meyer, then the head coach at Utah, sat in a living room in Rancho Cucamonga, California, where their defensive coordinator had dragged him, for reasons they couldn't understand. Looking at the 5-foot-11, 185-pound high school senior seated on the other side of the guacamole, Meyer saw nothing remarkable, nothing that said they belonged in major college football. “There were probably 200 other guys at their high school that looked just like him,” says Kyle Whittingham, the defensive coordinator at the time and now Utah's head coach. As they made their way back to the car, Meyer turned to Whittingham and asked one question: “Are you sure?” Whittingham was.
That fall, as a first-year student, Eric Weddle started nine games for Utah. By their junior year, they were the best defensive player in the Mountain West. And by the time Weddle was a senior, they were nearly a consensus All-American. But no matter how they have played, it seems like Meyer's initial doubts have followed Weddle everywhere they have gone. Four safeties were taken before them in the 2007 draft, and even after they were named All-Pro two years ago, Weddle's peers didn't consider them one of the best 100 players in football when the NFL Network's latest player poll was released earlier this year.
The Vitals Age: 28 College: Utah Position: Safety Years as a pro: Six Draft position: Round 2, 37th overall Contract: Base, $6 million; $2.6 million signing bonus ($8.6 million cap hit) Pro Bowls: 2011, 2012 All-Pro: 2011 Coach's take: “He's very versatile. I've always liked a safety that's able to do more than one thing. He's not just a banger. They don't just make plays on the ball. When I walked in and started watching tape on the team, I noticed that they make plays on the ball — he's been a Pro Bowler and made a lot of interceptions, but there are a number of times from a year ago in particular that he's saved touchdowns.” —Dennis Thurman, Jets defensive coordinator Their recommendation for the All-22 All-Star Team: Jairus Byrd, Bills safety. “I respect them the most. I think they should've been first-team All-Pro for sure. Before this past season, they were a little hit-and-miss — he'd miss some tackles, he'd give up some touchdowns. But this year, they put it all together, and it showed.” Game in 25 words or fewer: An undersize safety with the ability to both play the back end of a defense and be a force against the run.
“Honestly, I'm used to it,” Weddle says. “I'm not saying I haven't been recognized, but it was the same thing in high school, the same thing in college.” For a long time, being a great safety meant big hits and interceptions, but for the past two years, Weddle has shown what type of middle-of-the-field defensive player can thrive in the NFL's new era of player safety. Gone are the “blow-up shots,” as they call them, replaced by sure tackling and elite coverage in the back half of a defense. There aren't many highlight reels of overthrown passes or open-field tackles, but these days, it's all most people see (or don't see) from Weddle, who's been nothing less than the best safety in the NFL.
When first-year players arrive at Utah, their initial task involves a series of tests — both athletic and football-centric. Those tests were all Whittingham needed to realize how right he'd been. “[We knew] from the first practice,” Whittingham says. “It was very apparent. They were by far the best at essentially every drill we did. They could have been an–Mountain West receiver, a running back. We felt there were so many positions they could've played.” That ability is part of the reason Weddle didn't receive much attention from Division I programs. Much of the early interest was for their talents as an offensive player at Alta Loma High School, and though many of their offers were to play wide receiver, they fell away when they shifted to quarterback as a senior.
For Whittingham, Weddle was a defensive back from the start, and it wasn't long before they were one of the best in the country. At the end of Weddle's junior season, Utah was set to play Georgia Tech in that year's Emerald Bowl. Recently, Georgia Tech's offense has been an option-based, run-heavy attack, but that season, the Yellow Jackets happened to have a 6-foot-5, 230-pound wide receiver named Calvin Johnson. “He was matched up with them one-on-one, man coverage, essentially the entire game,” Whittingham says. Johnson finished the game with just two catches for 19 yards.
It was around that time, the end of Weddle's junior season, that their expectations changed. “I never, ever dreamed that I'd play in the NFL,” Weddle says. “It seemed so far-fetched. They were physical gods.” As a senior, Weddle was every bit the type of player who belongs alongside those gods on Sunday. They were a bit of everything for Utah — their excellent brand of safety, running back, quarterback in the Wildcat, punt returner. Wyoming's head coach said that Weddle deserved the Heisman Trophy.
The 2007 draft was filled with top-shelf safety prospects, including top-five pick LaRon Landry, Michael Griffin, Reggie Nelson, and Brandon Meriweather. The first three were off the board by the time New England was set to pick at 24. The Patriots had expressed interest in Weddle before the draft, but when they chose Meriweather, it meant Weddle represented a need for one less team. There was hope with San Diego, another team Weddle knew had interest, with the 30th overall pick, but when they took LSU's Buster Davis, Weddle figured the Chargers were out too. He'd never last until their next pick at 62. And they didn't have to. Seven picks after selecting Davis, San Diego traded its own second-round pick, a third-round pick, a fifth-round pick, and a third-round pick the following year to move up 25 spots and take Weddle 37th overall. It was the best day of Weddle's life, but not because they realized a relatively young NFL dream, or because they would get to play two hours from their home. Earlier that day, Weddle's wife had told them they were pregnant with their first child.
For the past two seasons, Ron Milus has watched Weddle longingly, from afar. As Denver's defensive backs coach, Milus got to see Weddle twice a year, including a game last season in which they took an interception back for a touchdown. Now, in Milus's first season as the Chargers' secondary coach, they have a much closer view, one that has shown them that although Weddle lacks size, he's got a surplus of speed. “People don't recognize their athletic ability,” Milus says. “Everyone knows he's a smart football player, everyone knows he's able to make a play or two, but he's more athletic than people give them credit for.”
Because Weddle is something of a defensive Wes Welker, there's a tendency to ascribe to them the qualities of a player without high-level physical skills, but really, Weddle isn't short on those, either. They ran a 4.4 in the 40-yard dash coming out of Utah, and they still have the NFL combine record for the 10-yard split at their position. Weddle is on a similarly freakish athletic plane as their NFL peers.
There are plenty of safeties that Excel in either the run or pass game, but few are able to have the success in both that Weddle had last season. According to Pro Football Focus, when Weddle was in primary coverage, they only gave up .25 yards per play. That was good for the fourth-best figure in the league. Teams rarely test Weddle in coverage these days. Where Weddle is best, though, is against the run, with the highest stop percentage of any safety in football, particularly when lining up eight yards or fewer from the line of scrimmage.
In the fourth quarter of a game against Cleveland last season, Weddle crept toward the line of scrimmage on a second-and-5 just inside Chargers territory. As the ball was snapped, and Brandon Weeden turned to hand off to Montario Hardesty, Weddle played down the line of scrimmage and managed to jar the ball loose while making the tackle a yard deep in the backfield. These are the moments Weddle is proudest of. “That irritates me the most — missing tackles,” Weddle says. “In a 16-game schedule, I made more than 115 tackles last year and had less than 15 missed tackles. If I can reach that goal I know I'm playing well.” Both Milus and defensive coordinator John Pagano noted, without prompting, that in watching last year's film, they noticed an inordinate number of touchdown-saving tackles Weddle made at the back of the Chargers defense.
Pagano took over as the Chargers' defensive coordinator before the 2011 season, and they say it's plays like this that inspire them when they design the San Diego defense. “He's a playmaker!” Pagano says. “You have to find ways to get them involved.”
Weddle's athletic ability has always been constant, but they say it's the way they came to understand the NFL game that has allowed them to become the player he's been for the past three seasons. “Now,” Weddle says, “it honestly feels like high school or college all over again. You're comfortable, you see the game. You've seen a lot of ups and downs, a lot of good plays and bad plays. They're all in the back of your head. It's all just experience over the years. There are guys that play well as rookies, but it's hard.”
Weddle points to two favorite plays from last season, each a product of their elevated understanding of exactly what opposing offenses want to do.
The first is from the Chargers' Week 4 game against Kansas City. Just before this GIF begins, the Chiefs had motioned an H-back from right to left. In this formation, with that motion, Weddle knew that if the backside tight end blocked, the inside receiver on the play side would be running a seam while the outside receiver broke to the sideline. “[The tight end] ended up blocking, so I'm like, ‘Oh, I'm gonna get him.' So I tried to just act like I was working the seam, and I'll bail out to the underneath route. It all came together because I remembered it all.” As they detail the play, Weddle looks off into the distance, focusing on a random point on the wall behind him. They diagram it in the air with their finger. Even now, they can still see it.
The second is from San Diego's Week 12 loss to Baltimore, and it's an indication of the freedom Weddle has earned in the Chargers defense. Here, Joe Flacco checks to an audible at the line of scrimmage, and based on the formation, Weddle knew exactly what would follow. On a de facto blitz, they take down Ray Rice two yards deep in the backfield.
Making a freelance decision like that works only when Weddle understands that their choice won't affect the other parts of the defense. Pagano says that their favorite Weddle moments are in their conversations on the sideline following a given series. Weddle is able to not only describe what he's seeing, but also to give Pagano the in-game end zone view of the entire defense. If a lineman is out of a gap, or a certain run fit isn't working, Pagano knows before the photos from the game film are even processed.
Sitting in their living room, Weddle is playing catch with their 3-year-old son. In a few minutes, he'll join their wife in the kitchen as they interview prospective nannies. “I always try to remind myself, when it's tough, when your body's sore, and you're hurting, I try to sit back and tell myself, ‘Would you rather be doing anything else in the world at this moment?'” Weddle says. “A lot of guys forget about that. They forget that this is the best job in the world.”
In many ways, Weddle seems like a mild-mannered family man, but when the topic of recognition throughout the league comes up, it's easy to see that they do pay attention. Earlier this offseason, Weddle was watching ESPN when Darren Woodson listed their five best safeties in the NFL. When Weddle wasn't among them, they took a photo of the TV screen, a photo they keep on their phone and looks at every day. “You can't honestly think there are four guys, five guys better than me in this league,” Weddle says. “If you do, come down, let's watch everyone's film, and you show me. I honestly think if you put on film of me and everyone else in the whole game, your opinion of me would change dramatically.”
They stress that their football life, like their real one, is simple and contained. They don't have any opinions on Tim Tebow, they don't like getting slapped on the helmet before a game. Their energy is elsewhere, focused on what they can actually control.
“I feel like I'm one of the most, if not the most complete safety,” Weddle says. “I don't feel like there's a weakness in my game. Some guys may be faster, but no one can make open-field tackles, blitz, stop a running back in the hole, cover wideouts like me. That's where I think I separate myself.”
When preparing each week, Weddle isn't just focused on their opponents. He's focused on their peers, too. They have made a point to watch players like Jairus Byrd, Eric Berry, and Earl Thomas. “There are a lot of good players, a lot of good young guys,” Weddle says. “It's good that safeties are getting recognition, and not just the two guys it was for so long. Troy [Polamalu] and Ed [Reed] were what you wanted to be. Not saying that they're going down, but guys are rising up.”
Weddle knows there are young players nipping at their heels now. The younger crowd is coming for them just as they chased down the league's best years ago. “I always think it's my turn next,” Weddle says, laughing. “You can't take it for granted.” Pagano does the same sort of studying, and to him, there's only one answer for who belongs at the top right now. “Where do they stack up?” Pagano asks. “He's the best.”
æternity Contribution Campaign Phase 2
æternity Blocked Unblock Follow May 29, 2017
May 29 is here, Phase 2 starts soon. Here is what potential contributors need to know.
Team æternity is getting ready for the launch of the second and final phase of the contribution campaign. In phase one æternity collected about 120k ETH and 320 BTC for the development of æternity blockchain from about 2000 future users worldwide.
We have been very busy in the 54 days between the two phases, arranging new partnerships, on-boarding developers and expanding the æternity team and community globally. If you are interested in receiving detailed information about the progress we have made in-between phases, please refer to the embedded blog post below. We will continue to work hard in order to realize the æternity vision during and after Phase 2. Expect a detailed update on what we accomplished in-between phases.
In order for potential contributors to have a smooth experience while initiating their support for the project, we would strongly advice them to go through the following essential information.
Phase 2 — Public “Early Adopter” Round
Start: May 29th, 13:05 UTC/GMT
Duration: 3 weeks maximum, 6 hours minimum.
Cap on Contributions: 21 million CHF (twenty one million Swiss Franks) in ETH and BTC (total). Once the cap is reached, supporters will have 6 more hours to register their contribution.*
Token distribution schedule:
Week 1: 1 ETH = 750 AE token + BONUS: 50 AE token (first 24 hours)
Week 2: 1 ETH = 700 AE token.
Week 3: 1 ETH = 650 AE token.
Contributions will again be possible with ETH and BTC. If you are contributing BTC make sure to put the highest fee possible so your transaction gets a confirmation quickly. For contributions with fiat currency, please get in touch with our partner Bitcoin Suisse.
In order to participate, go to wallet.aeternity.com on May 29th at (or after) 13:05 GMT/UTC. You will need to set up a new wallet. More detailed information will be released just in time.
To find out when Phase 2 will begin in your local time, please use this time zone converter. Just enter 13:05 and UTC on the left and select your city on the right. Here is an example.
AS A REMINDER: Do not send from exchanges.
*This is due to the following considerations:
There is no advantage to contributing within seconds after the wallet is open
- Every participant needs to have a reasonable amount of time to setup a new wallet and read the terms & conditions
- We need to allow third-party partners (e.g. Bitcoin Suisse) time for on-boarding
- Our experience with Phase 1 shows that transactions (esp. bitcoin ones) could be slow to confirm for users paying average or low fees. In order to be certain that your contribution was registered within the relevant time period, please pay a high transaction fee
WESTERN Bulldogs ruckman Jordan Roughead has declared themselves a certain starter for Saturday's Grand Final against the Sydney Swans.
The Bulldogs big man has been battling an eye complaint, after being struck by a football in the face from close range against the Giants in last weekend's six-point preliminary final win at Spotless Stadium.
"Sunday and Monday I was a little bit worried that I wouldn't be able to get out there," Roughead said.
"Since Monday afternoon I've been pretty confident.
"I've got great doctors and had some great expert opinions around me."
Roughead's role in the ruck will be pivotal up against the Swans tandem of Kurt Tippett and Sam Naismith in The season decider.
The Western Bulldogs ruckman visited their ophthalmologist on Friday morning, when they were given the all-clear.
Beveridge explains Suckling, Jong calls
"Good to go," Roughead told reporters.
"It (the week) has been pretty stressful but I suppose I can start to get a bit excited now."
They were named in the team on Thursday night, with fellow ruckman Tom Campbell selected as an emergency.
"I don't know if you're willing to risk permanent vision damage to play in a Grand Final but it's something you've got to take into consideration, they said.
"You risk your vision every time you go out there so it's no different this week."
Innovative Screening Strategy Swiftly Uncovers New Drug Candidates, New Biology
Scripps Research Institute Scientists Use Method to Identify Compound with Promise for Obesity-Linked Diabetes
December 22, 2013
LA JOLLA, CA—December 22, 2013—Scientists at The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) have demonstrated a drug-discovery strategy with a double payoff—it enables the rapid selection of chemical compounds that have a desired effect on cells and also highlights how the compounds work.
To illustrate the power of the innovative technique, the TSRI researchers used it to identify a compound that shows promise for treating obesity-linked diabetes. At the same time, they were able to identify the fat-cell enzyme that the compound inhibits—an enzyme that has not yet been a focus of diabetes drug development.
“This integrated strategy we've developed has the potential to accelerate the discovery of important biological pathways and may lead to faster development of new drugs for multiple diseases,” said TSRI Associate Professor Enrique Saez.
Saez and their colleague Benjamin F. Cravatt, chair of TSRI's Department of Chemical Physiology, were the senior authors of the new study, which is reported December 22, 2013 in an advance online issue of Nature Chemical Biology.
Facilitating Drug Discovery
The new strategy has great potential to streamline drug discovery, a process whose importance to human health can hardly be overemphasized.
Typically, pharmaceutical scientists start the discovery process by “screening” large libraries of chemical compounds in search of one or a few that might treat disease. The dominant strategy of recent decades has been to screen compounds for a specific activity against a known target, for example, inhibiting the function of a certain enzyme thought to be critical for the disease in question. A key advantage of this “target-based” screening is that it uses biochemical tests that can be done relatively simply in a test-tube—or rather, in a large array of tiny test tubes via automated, rapid screening systems that sort through hundreds of thousands of different compounds.
Target-based screening has enabled scientists to discover many useful new drugs, but some wonder whether this basic discovery strategy has already taken all the “low-hanging fruit.” In recent years, compounds selected with target-based in vitro tests have seemed to be failing increasingly often when tested in the more realistic biological environments of cells and animals.
An older strategy, “phenotypic” screening, avoids much of this problem by testing compounds for their ability to produce a desired effect directly on living cells. Unfortunately, such cell-based tests often leave open the question of how a useful compound works. “If you don't know what its relevant molecular target is, then developing that compound into a drug—optimizing its potency, its selectivity, its half-life in the bloodstream and so on—is going to be difficult,” said Saez.
Identifying the molecular targets of compounds selected by phenotypic screens is typically burdensome and time-consuming. But in their new study, Saez, Cravatt and their colleagues were able to speed up the process dramatically. Indeed, their combined phenotypic screening and target-identification approach enabled them to quickly discover, characterize and carry out preclinical tests of a potential new drug for obesity-linked diabetes: a complex metabolic disorder that affects 347 million people worldwide.
A New Diabetes Drug Candidate, Plus Insights into the Disease
The strategy makes use of the increasing availability of special libraries of related compounds that act as inhibitors of entire enzyme classes. In this case, the researchers used a set of compounds, recently synthesized by Cravatt's laboratory, that tend to inhibit serine hydrolases—a vast enzyme family whose members participate in most biological processes in mammals.
The scientists started with a phenotypic screen, testing their library of compounds for the ability to make young fat cells mature faster and store more fat. Better fat storage means that less fat leaks from fat cells into the liver, muscles and pancreas—a process that frequently occurs with obesity, often interfering with insulin signaling enough to bring on diabetes.
The screen quickly yielded several compounds that had a strong effect in promoting fat-cell fat storage. The researchers then used a method called “activity-based profiling” to identify the fat-cell serine hydrolases that the compounds inhibited most strongly. One of the most potent compounds, WWL113, turned out to work principally by inhibiting Ces3, a serine hydrolase enzyme that scientists have not studied in the context of obesity or diabetes.
The researchers quickly demonstrated WWL113's effectiveness in two different mouse models of obesity-linked diabetes—one in which the mice are genetically programmed to become obese and diabetic, and another in which normal mice are made obese and diabetic with a high-fat diet. “The treated animals showed resistance to weight gain—they were not putting on as much weight as the controls,” said Saez. “Their blood biochemistry also was getting normalized; their glucose, triglyceride and cholesterol levels were coming down towards normal levels.”
In these mouse tests, WWL113—without any optimization for use as a drug—performed about as well as the FDA-approved diabetes treatment rosiglitazone (Avandia). Notably, the new compound lacked one of the side effects that drugs in rosiglitazone's class have in mice: the toxic accumulation of lipids in the liver. “Our compound clears lipids from the diabetic mouse liver, whereas rosiglitazone has the opposite effect,” said Saez.
To explore the relevance of these results to humans, the TSRI team worked with collaborating researchers in Australia to test fat samples from obese humans and diabetics. The tests confirmed that the human version of Ces3 also is unusually active in such patients. This suggests that an inhibitor may also work as a diabetes treatment in people.
Saez and their colleagues will next focus on using the new screening strategy to uncover more biological pathways that could yield new mechanisms to develop potential therapies.
Contributors to the study, “Integrated phenotypic and activity-based profiling links Ces3 to obesity and diabetes,” also included first author Eduardo Dominguez, then a postdoctoral fellow in the Saez Laboratory; as well as TSRI's Andrea Galmozzi, Jae Won Chang, Ku-Lung Hsu, Joanna Pawlak, Weiwei Li, Cristina Godio, Jason Thomas, David Partida, Sherry Niessen and Daniel K. Nomura; and Australian researchers Paul E. O'Brien and Matthew J. Watt of Monash University, and Aaron P. Russell of Deakin University.
The study was funded in part by the National Institutes for Health (DK081003, DK099810), the American Diabetes Association, The McDonald's Center for Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity, the National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia, the Hewitt Foundation for Medical Research and the Xunta de Galicia, Spain.
- A 21-year-old's dream of becoming a pilot was cut short when during flight school their plane came crashing down, killing him, according to a lawsuit filed Friday in Cobb County. The father of the young man filed that suit alleging the school was negligent by forgetting to refuel the plane.
“I don't want another family to experience that kind of loss,” said Michael Hughes.
This was the reason Hughes said they filed the suit against the flight school, its parent company and the instructors for forgetting to refuel the Piper Tomahawk in which their son died.
“Devastating, I really don't have any other words,” said Hughes.
Last October, Joseph Hughes was working to get their pilot license. They had about 13 hours under their belt and had already flown solo once for about an hour. October 8 flight would have been their second solo flight.
“He initially said they aren't going to be flying because the plane was down for maintenance. Then they got a call that it was OK to fly so they went down to get a couple of hours of flying and that's what happened,” said Hughes.
According to the lawsuit, the fuel tanks on the plane Hughes was in were virtually empty. The last time the plane had been serviced, was three days earlier after someone had flown it for nearly five hours and never refueled it.
The lawsuit states Hughes was climbing out of a touch-and-go maneuver when the engine quit due to fuel exhaustion.
“Of all the things you can anticipate, could happen, mechanical failure, wind, to hear it's something as simple as gas,” said Hughes. “I don't want all the paper work that was filed today. I don't want their story to be lost in the pages, ultimately this is about my son, it's not about anything else,” said Hughes.
They said their son had a love of flying as a child and decided to try to live their dream.
“If there's any consolation in that- that they did what they were passionate about rather than sitting back and not doing something for fear of how it will turn out. They were living it,” said Hughes.
As President Donald Trump continued their attack on “fake news” Friday by blocking certain news organizations from an off-camera White House briefing with press secretary Sean Spicer, Fox News anchor Shepard Smith came to the defense of a rival network.
“For the record, ‘fake news' refers to stories that are created, often by entities pretending to be news organizations, solely to draw clicks and views and are based on nothing of substance,” they said. “In short, ‘fake news' is made-up nonsense delivered for financial gain.”
CNN has largely been on the receiving end of Trump's media criticism, with the president having called the network “fake news” last month when they refused to answer a question from reporter Jim Acosta during a press conference.
“CNN's reporting was not fake news,” continued Smith, seen in video below. “Its journalists follows the same standards to which other news organizations, including Fox News, adhere. Senior administration officials regularly speak without attribution so that the public can be informed of what our government is doing — off the record. Just as CNN reports [Trump's Chief of Staff Reince] Priebus sent officials to speak off the record against the Russia/Trump campaign reporting.”
WATCH: For the third time in two months, Fox News' Shep Smith has stood up for a free press. "CNN is not fake news" pic.twitter.com/wbJmy7LMiD — Yashar Ali 🐘 (@yashar) February 24, 2017
After CNN, The New York Times, and other organizations were not allowed into Friday's briefing, CNN's Jake Tapper had some strong criticism of the Trump administration.
“This White House does not seem to respect the idea of accountability,” they stated. “This White House does not seem to value an independent press. There is a word for that line of thinking: The word is ‘un-American.'”
Hundreds of Peruvians, including outgoing President, Alan Garcia, turned out on Wednesday to welcome the world's largest statue of Christ in Peru.
The structure which measures 123 foot (37 metres) has caused controversy among Peruvians, but there was little evidence of that on Wednesday as the people of Peru celebrated its arrival with music and fireworks.
The statue was officially inaugurated by President Garcia.
‘Our Lord, Jesus Christ, I ask you to bring peace to our country,' they said adding, ‘Material things can do a lot, but nothing is worth anything if there is not a transcendental and different message, and that is what you have brought here.'
Monsignor Bruno Musaro, the Apostolic Nuncio to Peru, was also in attendance at the ceremony.
‘I am very excited by this show of faith,' they said.
Peruvians have been divided over the statue, with many saying the figure of Christ will intrude on Lima's skyline and that it too closely resembles the statue, Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro.
The enormous structure was created in Brazil and transported to Peru in pieces, where it was assembled in the historic Morro Solar hill which overlooks Lima's bay and 19 kilometres of beach on the Pacific coast.
Many citizens, including Lima's Mayor Susana Villaran have called into question the location of the statue and say its lighting system with 26 different colours will be an eyesore.
Peru's newly erected statue of Christ is the tallest in the world.
Second is the 120 foot (36 metre) Christ the King statue which was erected last year in Swiebodzin, Poland.
Rio de Janeiro's world-famous 99 foot (30 metre) Christ the Redeemer came in third.
New people are entering the lives of the 'Mad Men' characters, serving as signposts about possible changes — or the lack thereof — ahead.
This is a Spoiled Bastard deconstruction of Mad Men. It contains spoilers. That's the point. Come back when you've watched the current episode.
In "The Forecast," Mad Men revealed a little bit more about how creator Matt Weiner is going to balance the remaining episodes.
Some of it may be in shorthand, some of it may remain enigmatically mysterious and, as it should, some if it will be unknowable.
However, three episodes into this last half (seven episodes) of the seventh season, a pattern is emerging. Weiner is giving us hints about a character and then pulling back.
For example, in a previous episode, when Peggy got set up by Mathis (with their brother-in-law Stevie), they had a great time, got drunk and looked to be heading to Paris with someone who wasn't "just a fling." That was Weiner circling back to the issues that have always been there with Peggy — what it's like when a woman at that time proudly chose career over family. Mad Men doesn't leave anything black or white, so even though it's been thrilling to see Peggy successfully (and sometimes not) climb the corporate ladder, a decision they don't regret, there still has to be some reflection on what that means regarding their relationships and happiness. And that's as it should be — even fiercely independent people are still people. To not see Peggy have some doubts, some what-ifs, wouldn't ring true. So we may never see Stevie again. Or we might. But in "The Forecast," we got Peggy once again so desperate to be lauded for their work that they were annoyed with Ted having said she'd have to do their own personal evaluation because they didn't see the need. She's great, she's invaluable, etc. But Peggy needs to hear it. She's always needed validation.
Unfortunately for her, they got mixed into one of the best elements of this episode: Weiner using the cover of business talk to reveal bigger-picture existential elements that primarily shined a light on Don and theirs continued "Is that all there is?" phase but Weiner also deftly allowed Don, in the first of two such discussions, to poke and prod at this ethereal notion of "What then?" and future happiness. It was brilliantly done in an episode that had plenty of other easier distractions — Glen and Betty! — and was the most thematically resonant set piece of the hour.
"I'm tired of this," Peggy complains when Ted doesn't see the need to evaluate them "I'd start with that," Don quips. "I've had quite a year," Peggy says, as only Peggy can. Don asks them about the future and what they want. They want their job — the first woman to have it. They want to come up with a catchphrase that everybody remembers. "So you want to be famous?" Don asks, and Peggy agrees. What then? What else? It's Don projecting, of course, but that's fine because that philosophical construct is what guides the examination of Don's life and thus Mad Men itself.
"This is supposed to be about my job, not the meaning of life," Peggy says, with annoyance. Don: "So you think those things are unrelated?"
Peggy, not in the mood for philosophy, says maybe Don should state what they want so they can shit all over it.
As for the patterns, Stevie and Diana, the mysterious diner waiter who got involved with Don, correlate with how, in this episode, Joan met someone who might just be a good fit: a man of wealth named Richard, who has flipped for them enough to move from Los Angeles to New York if need be. After nearly blowing it over Joan having a 4-year-old son — he's already raised their kids and wants to be free to go see the pyramids, etc. — they are willing to have not only Joan's son but their mother in the equation. (All of that and I'm still wondering if Joan's willingness to dump their kid was sarcasm or not, because it sure didn't seem like it.)
This conceit of bringing in new players who accentuate the worries and desires and life plans of the main characters is an effective way to deal with a lot of baggage with very little time to do it.
But this is also a pattern that has some drawbacks, since it looks like Weiner is at least willing to address loose ends that some might argue didn't need the screen time. We found out that awful Lou Avery is working in the Los Angeles branch (still trying to sell their war comic), and this episode's creeptastic moment was the return of Glen (played by Weiner's son, Marten Holden Weiner) and their still simmering love/lust for Betty (see what happens when you give a grammar school kid a lock of your hair?).
I'm not sold that Glen was necessary, but it was worth it to see Sally's side-eye about their mom and Glen (repeated when they thought Don was coming on to their 17-year-old friend). Both situations were defused by Betty and Don, but the overall impression was that Betty was more rattled by their encounter, while Don had no deviant attraction to the girl.
There was a nice callback moment to Weiner's idea of dreaming about what you want to be or want to do and then remembering it, because life is going to batter you back and forth so often you'll forget what you hoped for when you were once idealistic. They tell Sally to write theirs down (because clearly they never did — the idea of what would make them happy, what they would want in the future eludes him).
Those scenes — Glen with Betty and Sally's teenage friend flirting with their dad — were the basis for Sally's disdain for their parents: "Anyone pays attention to either of you — and they always do — you just ooze everywhere." It set up a patented Sally snap moment: "You know what I'm going to write down for my dream? I want to get on a bus and get away from you and Mom and hopefully be a different person than you two."
But even though the brusque nature of it annoyed Don, they did leave them with a teachable moment, saying, "We're a part of you, and you're a beautiful girl. It's up to you to do something greater with it."
It might take all seven of these final episodes to judge whether this pattern is effective (or even holds). Will we see Diana, Stevie or Richard again? Will it matter?
And while Lou and Glen were surprise callbacks, I much preferred in this episode how Weiner used the conceit of Roger needing to write a state-of-the-agency summation for a McCann-Erickson retreat to the Bahamas — which means either Roger's going to die before they go or the show will end before they have to leave on that trip. Having Don articulate the future (and Ted too) was particularly effective.
"You're so much better at painting a picture," Ted tells Don. And that's true, right? Don's the master of selling something ethereal. Being able to touch it and live in it? A whole other story.
"What's the future going to bring?" asks Don. "I mean, it's good as it is, but is there a scenario in which it can be better?"
Can we put that on Don's tombstone? Because that's how he's lived their life with their wants and desires. And yet, here they are, still wondering, not achieving or appreciating.
Before the merger made them rich and complacent, Don says, "All I ever thought about was will we be in business next year?"
"Or will I be here at all?" Ted says and then pauses. "Now it could be anything."
Later, Don muses about the future into a Dictaphone: "Let's assume that it's good. But it's going to get better. It's supposed to get better."
Someone put that Peggy Lee album on.
The last big thematic element of "The Forecast" was partly ominous, partly optimistic (well, some people might read it that way) was the effort to sell Don's apartment. "It looks like a sad person lives here," said their annoying agent. "This place reeks of failure."
"A lot of wonderful things happened here," Don counters.
"Well, you wouldn't know it," they respond.
Undaunted, Don seems upbeat about the sale or, more likely, about the future: "I have a good feeling about things."
We're in a place in the Mad Men evolution where Don is voicing their existential issues and concerns. He's openly questioning the future, but he's very optimistic about it. Even with Diana, they were the one prepared to do the saving, not the one who needed to be saved. When they talked with Ted and with Peggy about the future, it was with a sense that this job and this life it gave them weren't enough — that something bigger and better is out there, and damn if they don't look like they want to experience it. It's the most upbeat Don has been in a while.
I like that forecast. I'm not sure I believe it won't rain.
Email: Tim.Goodman@THR.com
Twitter: @BastardMachine
There's a purpose, or objective, associated with everything you do.
You go to the gas station. Why? Because you need gas. Your car won't run without it. You slip in your Madden disc for some gaming. Why? Because you want the enjoyment of seeing your beloved Browns actually win a game.
Everything you do, there's a “why”. And this notion isn't ignored when it comes to fantasy football.
Your purpose when entering a fantasy draft is to create the most valuable team possible. You want a team that scores the most points, week in and week out. You want the MVT (this has to be something Nelly would say, right?).
The way you do this is to draft based on value. Joe Bryant coined a term, Value Based Drafting, a while back, and I've blogged about it many, many times in the past. The idea is simple:
The value of a player is determined not by the number of points they score, but by how much they outscore their peers at their particular position.
What does this mean? Well, the most valuable player isn't the one who scores the most points. The most valuable player is the one who outscores the rest of their position by the most points. We can't concern ourselves with how Aaron Rodgers performs against Ray Rice. What we should worry about is how Aaron Rodgers does versus someone like Tom Brady or Drew Brees.
And while the notion of VBD is draft-focused, we can't lose sight of the idea and logic behind it post-draft. Here's what I mean:
VBD Gets You the Best Team Post-Draft
Value Based Drafting is based on projections. After all, how else would we determine how many points a particular player scores before the season starts? It helps you determine which player is the most valuable across all positions. But what VBD also suggests is which position, at a high level, is most important to fantasy football.
Let's use a hypothetical example. Below is a (fake) chart of expected point values for top-10 quarterbacks and top-20 running backs. The reason we use “10” at quarterback is because a typical 10-team fantasy lineup will be starting just one quarterback. And the reason we use “20” running backs is because, as you would guess, we start at least two running backs in that same league.
These numbers don't reflect anything real, but let's use them to walk through the concept. The difference between the top quarterback and the 10th ranked one is 80 points. At running back, there's a 104-point variation from best to worst. And while you could stop there with your analysis, concluding running backs are more important than quarterbacks, there are ways to look deeper into the idea.
If you were to plot each of these numbers out into a line graph, you'd get the following trend lines:
The blue line represents quarterbacks, while the red line represents running backs. Clearly, quarterbacks are scoring more points. That's not up for debate. What's alarming is the point in the graph where there is a significant drop off in running back play. That instance is circled below:
Why is this important? Because this is where the advantage at a position is created. This is the very last running back you take before you begin to lose a significant amount of points at the position. If you can get this running back then you're in phenomenal shape, as the point decrease you'd see up until this point – compared to the top running back – is fairly minimal.
To put this another way, everything left of this circle is your “tier 1 running back”. Everything to the right is your “tier 2 running back”.
When you look at expected point values to determine VBD, you should see where the largest drop offs exist. This helps you tier players and accurately draft. For instance, if Aaron Rodgers was projected to score 400 points, and there were nine other quarterbacks projected to score 399, would we want to spend a first round choice on Rodgers? No, because you're gaining almost no advantage by taking Rodgers that early. All of those quarterbacks would be in one giant tier.
Generally, the more linear a line, the less important the position. There is a caveat to this, however. While the line may be straight, the point differential from point to point matters. As you move down the line of the best player at a position, to second best, and so on, if the difference from each point is significant, then there's still value at that position. In other words, if you're decreasing at a rate of X – 3, and another position is decreasing at a rate of X – 7, the other position more than likely holds more value. The guys at the top matter more, and are less replaceable.
This whole idea is why Aaron Rodgers, Drew Brees, Tom Brady, Matthew Stafford and Cam Newton were so valuable to fantasy last year – they were much better than the rest of the quarterbacks, aside from where they were drafted (which I've shown is incredibly important to this idea, and something many tend to ignore).
The problem is that last season was the first time four quarterbacks had outscored their position by 100 or more points. It was the first time such a number of quarterbacks were in a large tier. And actually, in the past, there hadn't even been three quarterbacks who accomplished this in one season. This just helped feed the idea of The Late Round Quarterback.
Don't Forget About Value Once the Season Starts
The logic behind Value Based Drafting is that you are simply gaining a competitive edge at each position given the point output by a particular player. So why do people ignore this once the season starts?
In the last section, I mentioned the idea of tiers. When there's a huge drop in production from one player rank to the next, you begin a new tier. This is immensely important when you look at value throughout your fantasy season.
For instance, you may be frustrated with Darren McFadden's performance thus far. But when you compare them to their position, he's in a tier that could be identifiable with Tom Brady's tier at quarterback. If you don't believe me, I'll be doing an analysis similar to this next week to show just how the late-round quarterback strategy is doing, and why instances like this occur.
The idea of recognizing these tiers is important to trading. Let's use a quick example – and I'll talk about tight ends to add some spice to this column. If you look at the position right now, you'll notice some elite performers at the position. Tony Gonzalez is averaging 11.2 points per week, Gronkowski and Heath are at 10.2, and Owen Daniels is at 9.4.
Unfortunately, just like nearly ever year previous to this one, the value isn't very strong at the tight end position. A lot of this has to do with the fact that your lineup will typically feature just one tight end. If this is the case, which is the fact for many leagues, just 10 or so tight ends are being started each week.
Replaceability. Is Tony Gonzalez replaceable right now? Probably not. But is Vernon Davis, the tight end with the fifth best average at the position? Yes.
Imagine you just received the following trade offer:
You give up: Marques Colston, Scott Chandler
You receive: James Jones, Vernon Davis
When you see this trade, your immediate reaction would be to compare players. You'd internally ask, “Is the gain I would potentially get at tight end worth the potential loss at receiver?”
Upon further investigation, you notice that Scott Chandler is tied as the 12th best tight end. And, because you're in a 10-team league, you know that this is outside of being a “starter”.
Marques Colston is averaging the 5th most points at wide receiver. James Jones, on the other hand, is ranked 15th. Therefore, in your eyes, you're still getting a “startable” receiver.
You do the deal. Bad idea.
While Colston is ranked 5th – just 10 spots higher than James Jones – he's outscoring Jones by almost 3 points per week. Vernon Davis, on the other hand, is outscoring Chandler by just over 2 per week.
It's just an example, sure, but it's understanding these drop offs in production and the idea that rank doesn't equate to value. Tight ends will rarely, and they historically have not, be worthwhile upgrades when you're downgrading at a position like wide receiver or running back.
Consistency from Week-to-Week and Value
One thing that gets lost in the late-round quarterback strategy is how you actually manage your team post-draft. Before I get into this, let me say something that I feel is very important to understanding the strategy:
If I were to draft a team that I could never, ever touch, then I would draft Aaron Rodgers, Tom Brady or Drew Brees in the first round. If I couldn't trade or could only make a waiver claim when my team was hurt, that would be my first pick.
Hopefully this causes some eyebrows to raise, but it's because I'd sincerely “trust” those players more than I'd trust Chris Johnson.
This doesn't mean it's worthwhile to get them. The assumption here is that your league is moderately active, and that you care a little bit about your own squad. There are quarterbacks on the wire who you can play weekly, and there are quarterbacks sitting on the bench for teams who own Rodgers, Brady and Brees. There are ways to obtain quarterbacks every week that will yield point totals that are not much less than a Rodgers, Brady or Brees.
Since this is the case, it's important to note that value and positional drop offs are slightly different with quarterbacks and tight ends compared to running backs and receivers. Teams with a riskier quarterback aren't necessarily playing that quarterback every week. The same goes for tight ends and kickers. You're starting just one of them in most leagues, and because of this, there are almost always players available to play the matchup game in free agency. And if there aren't, your bench is more than likely deep, meaning you can still play matchups.
The best example of this is with team defenses. How many of your league mates actually start the same defense every single week? It's very rare, as the smart thing to do is play a defense by matchup. And in almost every league, you're starting just one defense.
If you're benched is fairly standard, and you need a running back, try hitting the waiver wire right now for a decent one. Good luck winning the championship with Shaun Draughn in and out of your lineup. (And no, I don't believe this last name is pronounced “Drone”. I'm not one to talk though, given my last name.)
People feel good about having Rodgers because they know they'll get 20 points each week. But how's this for a fun fact: Andrew Luck has outscored Aaron Rodgers in 3 of their 6 games played this season (Weeks 2, 3 and 5).
“But Aaron Rodgers played against the Bears, Seahawks and 49ers!”
So what? Isn't that part of their value? That's part of the reason Stafford is so poor of a play this year – their schedule is brutal. Why do we make excuses for them?
The fact is, because the overall demand for the quarterback position is lower, you have more opportunity to play matchups and replace the player slotted in that position. In other words, the gradual drop-off in production at single play positions (where you start just one) can't be analyzed at such a high level.
The person who owns Andrew Luck, in the example above, probably didn't start them in their first ever NFL game. Think about it.
Everything is about value
The idea is fairly simple, yet incredibly hard to articulate in a few sentences. In general, the game of fantasy football has so many different angles in which you can analyze data to the point where core fundamentals become completely lost. The word value seems to become irrelevant once a season starts. But why?
As I noted above, it's important to always remember where significant point drop-offs occur in position ranks. This helps guide your player tiers. It's just as important, however, to remember that fantasy football is transaction-driven. You're not simply drafting a team and not touching the team ever again. This is why single play positions are less valuable – they're replaceable.
Of course there are other circumstances to consider when you evaluate players. Is their schedule tough? Are they suffering from a lingering injury? Has their performance regressed?
But the one word to remember throughout any analysis with fantasy football is value. You used it when you drafted, implementing the idea of Value Based Drafting – so why stop once the season begins?
Continue to look for valuable plays. Find where those position drop-offs occur. Use player rankings to manipulate other owners.
Create the MVT of your league.
More than a quarter of U.S. soldiers met the criteria to be diagnosed with some of the most common mental disorders — depression, panic disorder or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) — prior to enlisting in the Army, and more than 8 percent considered killing themselves at one time or another, according to a series of studies published in JAMA Psychiatry on Monday.
The reports come amid growing concern over high suicide rates among members of the U.S. armed forces.
The studies state that those who are most at risk of attempting suicide, 1 in 10 of those surveyed and interviewed, also have a history of impulsive anger, a condition known as "intermittent explosive disorder." That is more than five times the rate found in the civilian population, according to the reports.
A combination of this impulsive behavior, stress developed as a result of deployment and other mood disorders increase the potential for a soldier to act on suicidal thoughts. Intermittent explosive disorder is the most common disorder among Army personnel and the second most common in the general population, coming in behind general "phobias," experts say.
The three research papers are the culmination of five years of collaborative work by academic, government and military researchers who have been investigating the numerous military suicides.
Ronald Kessler, a sociologist at Harvard University who led one of the three studies, called the problem a "blind alley" and said the solution isn't as simple as just excluding people with common mental illnesses from the military.
"If I said to your news organization, what you should do is just have people who have never been ill, you wouldn't have anybody to hire," Kessler said.
"The kinds of disorders that are the very common ones, you just can't have a business and say I'm not going to take anybody like that," they added. "Already, close to one third of the population is ineligible to enlist in the army. Now go into that two thirds and take the half who have had a mental illness — there's nobody left."
In an email to Al Jazeera, Lt. Col. Cathy Wilkinson, a Defense Department spokesperson, said the Army was "reviewing the results of the Army STARRS article," one of the three reports, and that the Department of Defense will "work to incorporate these lessons learned and future Army STARRS findings into our resilience efforts."
Lt. Col. Alayne Conway, an Army spokesperson, told Al Jazeera that the Army "continues to aggressively combat stigma associated with help seeking behaviors, which adversely impacts readiness," and noted that the Army did see a modest decrease in the number of suicides in 2013.
Army suicides decreased 19 percent last year, from 185 confirmed and suspected suicides to 150, according to Army figures.
If the Army were to intensify its screening process, it could lead new recruits to hide their mental health issues, and some experts have suggested it may be better to screen people after enlistment, so there is less incentive to hide any problems and those who need help can get it.
"A small minority of soldiers are responsible for a disproportionate amount of suicidal behavior," Dr. Matthew J. Friedman of the National Center for PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder) wrote in an editorial that accompanied the reports. "Better identification of and intervention with the cohort are likely to have the best payoff."
Experts have suggested that the military should take a preventive step and invest in training courses that would tackle the issue of mental readiness across the board, but the Army tried that in 2009 and found the program to be unsuccessful.
"You have to live with the reality that having these common mental disorders is part of life," Kessler said.
"The way you handle it is to recognize it exists, to say to people that your job when you come in is to get yourself strong, trained and do what you need to do, and that doesn't mean just lifting weights and being able to take your weapon apart in the dark — it means getting your head straight," they said.
Takeaway: Your smartphone may be difficult to get rid of, but it's possible to keep it from seeping into your life and making you less productive. A few ways I found to do this: do a phone swap (I swap phones with my girlfriend when we're out somewhere); use airplane mode strategically (when spending time with others, and at regular times throughout the day); disconnecting during the natural gaps in the day; creating a folder on my phone that houses the apps I tend to use mindlessly; and shutting off almost every notification. Estimated Reading Time: 4 minutes, 21s.
Now there's a title that would have made zero sense a decade ago.
Smartphones are a mixed bag when it comes to productivity. It goes without saying that staying connected seems essential. But while staying connected may make you feel productive—because it makes your work that much more stimulating—multitasking has been shown to invariably make you less productive. It's impossible to dive deep into your work when you spread your attention across many things at once. Smartphones can compromise your attention quite a bit.
For three months I conducted a productivity experiment to use my smartphone for just one hour a day. Since then, I've experimented with strategies that keep my smartphone from making its way too far back into my life—but while also keeping it around for when I need to connect.
I was half-temped to write a preachy article on the more obvious things you can do—like using your phone less, leaving it at home, and so on. But I resisted the urge. Instead, I looked at the habits I've developed since the experiment that still let me keep my phone close by. Here are a few of the best ways I've found to keep my smartphone from seeping into my life since the experiment!
1. Do a phone swap. My girlfriend and I have a simple ritual we do when we spend time together: we swap phones. This way, when we need to look something up, makes a call, or take a picture, we have a phone to do it with—but it doesn't suck us into a black hole of distraction. It's a simple ritual, and I don't do it with anyone else. We haven't found anything that works better for letting us spend time and attention with each other (save for leaving our phones behind, of course, which isn't always possible).
2. Strategic airplane mode. Whenever I grab dinner, coffee, or a drink with someone, I immediately switch my phone into airplane mode, so no new messages or distractions can come in. And every day, between 8 p.m. and 8 a.m., I flip my phone into airplane mode, so I can recharge and disconnect before I fall asleep and after I wake up. Most nights I look forward to the ritual, because it always leaves me feeling refreshed. People can usually tell when you're not only spending quality time with them, but quality attention as well.
3. Mind the gaps. It's incredible how much value and meaning the small gaps in our day can give us. We can feel better when we disconnect while doing simple things like waiting in line at the grocery store, walking down the street to grab a coffee, and even using the bathroom. These small gaps help us reflect, recharge, think about what we should do next, and even let our mind wander so we can approach our work from a more creative angle. When we fill every gap in our day with our phone, we miss out on all of these benefits. There's no doubt that mindlessly burning through some time on your phone is more stimulating and engaging than letting your mind rest, but the benefits of doing so, even if only for a couple minutes at a time, can be incredible.
4. Create a Mindless Folder. It's almost impossible to use your smartphone intentionally, and not on mindless autopilot. This is why the Mindless Folder is so powerful. It's simply a folder on your phone that houses of all of the apps you tend to use habitually, without much thought—apps like email, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and Snapchat. I personally don't have an email app installed on my phone, and have deleted all of the social media apps that I waste time on (like Twitter and Facebook). But I still keep Goodreads, Instagram, and my website analytics app in my Mindless Folder. I find the folder serves as a good, honest cue that I should reconsider launching timewasting apps in the first place.
5. Shut off every single notification. Notifications are stimulating, and help you feel more connected to your work—but they often only create the illusion of productivity. Productivity isn't about how busy you are—it's about how much you accomplish. Chances are you accomplish less when your attention is constantly hijacked by pointless interruptions. Gloria Mark, an attention researcher at the University of California Irvine, has found that when we're completely interrupted from our work, it can take as long as 25 minutes to completely recover from the interruption.1 Since my smartphone experiment, unless I receive a phone call, my phone never makes a peep—I value dedicating as much focus as I can to what's in front of me more than staying constantly connected. And perhaps more importantly, most of the interruptions that come in aren't worth losing 25 minutes of productivity over. (I catch up on them when I go to check the time on my phone.)
While your smartphone likely doesn't eat up too much of your time, chances are it takes up a disproportionate amount of your attention. This can have huge productivity costs, because of how important attention is for your productivity.
Keeping your phone from seeping into your work and life is worth the effort a hundred times over.
American civilian employees of the Defense Department have put up with pay freezes and are going on furloughs starting next week, but German civilian workers at U.S. military bases in Germany are getting a pay increase.
Some U.S. lawmakers say it's unfair that the German union ver.di, which represents about 2 million workers, successfully negotiated a pay increase in June. Sen. Kay Hagan, D-N.C., complained about the raise for German workers in a letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel dated Monday and released by their office Tuesday. They asked them to suspend it.
Last month, Rep. Cheri Bustos, D-Ill., and 15 other Democratic and Republican members of the House of Representatives wrote to Hagel asking for an explanation of why German workers were getting raises when Americans were having their pay cut.
Pentagon officials said they wouldn't divulge Hagel's replies to lawmakers. But Army spokesperson Paul D. Prince said the agreement in Germany called for a one-time payment of 500 euros ($649) this year and a 30-euro ($39) per month increase beginning in January.
The 2014 pay increase doesn't exceed 1 percent and is similar to the amount President Barack Obama proposed for General Schedule (federal white-collar) employees in their 2014 budget plan. The payments are “prevailing practice” in such negotiations in Germany and therefore aren't considered discretionary monetary awards, which are now prohibited by the White House Office of Management and Budget, Prince said.
Hagan, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, wrote to Hagel that the pay raise in Germany takes place while about 650,000 American Department of Defense civilian employees in the U.S. and abroad are being furloughed. The furloughs begin next week, mostly one day per week, and continue through the end of the fiscal year in September.
When the furloughs were announced, the military said foreign nationals would be exempt because of the complicated ways they were paid, which vary by country.
Hagan wrote to Hagel that 19,000 civilian defense workers will get furloughs in North Carolina. The 20 percent pay cut amounts to a total loss of $64 million in pay. Roughly the same number of German workers will receive more than $16 million in additional pay this year and next year, they added.
The German union said a pay increase was due because there hadn't been raises since 2010. According to news reports in Germany, ver.di was particularly interested in raises at the base in Bamberg because it said the base would close soon and unemployment would be determined by pay at that time.
In their letter, Hagan said the Defense Department told the Armed Services Committee it thought there would be a strike if there weren't an agreement on wage increases and that the union might turn that into a political issue.
“While hardworking U.S. DoD civilians are being furloughed and have not seen a pay increase in several years, I believe the department should be willing to stand up to this pressure from German workers,” Hagan wrote.
The Defense Department-authorized newspaper Stars and Stripes reported last month that the agreement was reached in mid-June and was to become final Tuesday. Stars and Stripes said that about 18,000 German civilians worked for U.S. Army and Air Force bases across Germany.
Matthew Schofield contributed to this article from Berlin.
Microsoft's new “smart search” technology will come with a price: ads, a consequence of the search function's expansion to add the Web to its results.
Now, users who search for “AAA,” for example, will see a list of sponsored search results when they look for the automobile services company within Windows 8.1. Users will see the same results if they search for “AAA” at Bing.com or Yahoo, Microsoft said in a blog post.
It's important to note that the ads are not a future capability that Microsoft will add to the OS; they're already there. A search for “State Farm,” for example, showed the ad as the first result, followed by a Bing Maps link to nearby offices, and then the homepage of State Farm Insurance. The third result, possibly the most relevant, was viewable without sliding or scrolling the screen horizontally.
Microsoft A typical search results page for Microsoft's “Smart Search”.
Microsoft rolled out Smart Search as part of the Windows 8.1 preview last week, touting it as the new “command line” for the Windows 8 environment. Under Windows 8, searching using the Search Charm within the Start page (or just by typing) produces a list of apps, settings and files. Under Windows 8.1, search is expanded to include results from the Web as well as the Xbox Music app, producing some expansive “hero” pages that made our list of the top reasons to upgrade to Windows 8.1.
Microsoft has lagged well behind Google in search, however, and the company's online business has consistently lost money. Placing ads within millions of PCs would help offset that. The ads display within the Bing search app, not Internet Explorer, tying them closer to the operating system.
”A key part of this journey is our pursuit of making search ever more relevant and engaging for consumers as their experiences evolve across new devices and platforms,” said David Pann, the general manager of the Microsoft Advertising Search Group, in a statement. Bing Ads within Windows 8.1 Smart Search allows advertiser campaigns that are already participating on the Yahoo Bing Network to automatically be eligible to be shown without any additional setup, Pann said.
Traditionally, ads that appear outside of the context of the browser are a good sign that malware is present. But these will appear within the context of an app, so it should be clear that the PC isn't infected. Nevertheless, it also appears that users will be unable to block the ads through traditional ad blockers—just like traditional browser-based search results.
At this point, it appears that the future will be advertised. Compliments of Bing.
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts Last Edited: 2015-06-12 11:05:51 #1
Description
The m(EAT) Grinder aims to be the highest-quality monthly show match production available anywhere. We are dedicated to bringing our viewers premium content with only the best players, most diligent observers, as well as entertaining and well-informed casters. This show is proudly brought to you by the Clan EAT Casting Crew.
You may tune in at
Contestants
Hydra
Bunny
Prize Pool
First prize: $75USD
Second prize: $25USD
Liquipedia:
Twitch Live URL:
VoDs & Other Content:
Sponsors
Previous Events
- 5/16/2015 The m(EAT) Grinder aims to be the highest-quality monthly show match production available anywhere. We are dedicated to bringing our viewers premium content with only the best players, most diligent observers, as well as entertaining and well-informed casters. This show is proudly brought to you by the Clan EAT Casting Crew.You may tune in at http://twitch.tv/coltertv (ColterTV) on June 13, 2015 at 8 PM EDT for all of the excitment!First prize: $75USDSecond prize: $25USDLiquipedia: http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/M(EAT)_Grinder Twitch Live URL: http://twitch.tv/coltertv @ 8 PM EDT on June 13, 2015VoDs & Other Content: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9QsjkBYtQM6TlSrqmqC6o3swvgyFBbmK Match #1 - 5/16/2015 Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
GGzerG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 United States 9295 Posts #2 Cool! Never heard of MEAT Grinder or Clan EAT but GL ! This sounds exciting, two of my favorite foreign players... Gogo Kane ! AKA: TelecoM[WHITE] Protoss fighting
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #3 I'm pretty excited about the event too! Haha well I'm certainly glad you've heard of us nowI'm pretty excited about the event too! Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
eSportsHeaven Profile Joined August 2014 United States 14 Posts Last Edited: 2015-05-09 18:44:40 #4 I'd favor a top form majOr in this, but It's always hard to predict what kind of shape he's in!
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #5 It appears that majOr has a conflict with their WCS group so he's going to have to drop out of the match. As such, we will be substituting in the one and only Kevin 'qxc' Riley. Will we see another kamehameha? Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
PowerOfOne Profile Joined February 2013 Peru 78 Posts Last Edited: 2015-05-12 15:55:20 #6 On May 12 2015 12:49 theonlyshaft wrote:
It appears that majOr has a conflict with their WCS group so he's going to have to drop out of the match. As such, we will be substituting in the one and only Kevin 'qxc' Riley. Will we see another kamehameha?
It´s such a pity that MajOr turned down the invitation, however, I´m glad it´s qxc taking their place! I hope they mix it up between bio and mech
Are you planning on doing these events on a regular basis? Thanks! It´s such a pity that MajOr turned down the invitation, however, I´m glad it´s qxc taking their place! I hope they mix it up between bio and mechAre you planning on doing these events on a regular basis? Thanks!
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #7 I would really like to but it's really going to depend on viewer feedback and turn out. Hopefully we'll get enough to warrant some sponsor attention Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #8 8 PM Eastern. Be there! <3 Tonight's the night8 PM Eastern. Be there! <3 Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
IncubusStarCraft2 Profile Joined September 2014 Canada 18 Posts #9 Clan [EATASS] by any chances? Just asking because take a look at NA GM lol.
Falcon-sw Profile Joined September 2010 United States 320 Posts #10 Super excited to be casting this event! I've been a fan of QXC since WoL, and Petraeus is really fun to watch, too. https://www.youtube.com/FalconPaladin https://twitch.tv/falconpaladin
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #11 That's hilarious though.
@Falcon-sw this is gonna be so much fun :D @IncubusStarCraft2 lol nahThat's hilarious though.@Falcon-sw this is gonna be so much fun :D Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
Morn_sc Profile Blog Joined March 2015 United States 40 Posts #12 This is going to be good. A bunch of TvZ for my passion-filled heart. Spawningtool 3 marines vs lurker, round one: FIGHT!
Darthsanta13 Profile Joined July 2011 United States 564 Posts #13 How does Major have a WCS group conflict when their group is 2 weeks out? Petraeus is playing in WCS right now. I guess I'm not sure why people keep inviting Major to stuff if he's going to flake out half the time.
royalroadweed Profile Joined April 2013 United States 7695 Posts #14 I hope petraeus finishes wcs in time.
Falcon-sw Profile Joined September 2010 United States 320 Posts #15 Now officially qxc vs. Warren, a grandmaster level Zerg. Going live over at twitch.tv/coltertv ! https://www.youtube.com/FalconPaladin https://twitch.tv/falconpaladin
aneruok Profile Joined July 2010 Canada 122 Posts #16 Is there an update on the start time for this?
Falcon-sw Profile Joined September 2010 United States 320 Posts #17 New start time: 8:05 EST. https://www.youtube.com/FalconPaladin https://twitch.tv/falconpaladin
Falcon-sw Profile Joined September 2010 United States 320 Posts #18 Going live! https://www.youtube.com/FalconPaladin https://twitch.tv/falconpaladin
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #19 I'm sorry we didn't get the player turn out we expected -- far from it -- but it was still a success! We will being doing these monthly, provided sponsor support. Thanks for tuning in guys. It was a ton of fun casting thisI'm sorry we didn't get the player turn out we expected -- far from it -- but it was still a success! We will being doing these monthly, provided sponsor support. Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
theonlyshaft Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 581 Posts #20 Stay tuned in this thread for next month's event announcement! VoDs are available at https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9QsjkBYtQM6TlSrqmqC6o3swvgyFBbmK Stay tuned in this thread for next month's event announcement! Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, — quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes
1 2 Next All
Before you turn that knob, there are some things you should know about showering and skin health. Medioimages/Photodisc/ Getty Images
It's conventional wisdom that the more you shower, the cleaner you are. Lathering up with a healthy dose of soap and washing it off with a nice stream of hot water should kill any germs on your skin. Studies by medical researchers have shown quite the opposite, however. Using plain old soap (as opposed to antimicrobial or antibacterial soap) doesn't kill skin-borne bacteria. It actually disturbs microcolonies of skin flora and fauna, transferring them to the surrounding environment -- like your shower, for instance. For this reason, surgical teams and patients are generally restricted from showering immediately before entering an operating room [source: Larson].
Still, showering regularly is recommended for good personal hygiene. Showering too much, however, can have a potentially damaging effect on your skin.
The outermost layer of your skin's surface (called the stratum corneum or horny layer) is a barrier made of hardened, dead skin cells. These skin cells offer protection for the underlying layers of living, healthy cells. The horny layer is more than just dead skin cells; it's held together by lipids, which are fatty compounds that actually help maintain moisture in your skin.
Anytime you take a shower -- especially a hot one -- with soap and a scrubbing device like a washcloth or a loofah, you're undermining the integrity of your skin's horny layer. The soap and the hot water dissolve the lipids in the skin and scrubbing only hastens the process. The more showers you take, the more frequently this damage takes place and the less time your skin has to repair itself through natural oil production. What's more, the horny layer of your skin can be sloughed off by scrubbing, exposing the delicate skin cells beneath. The result of showering too frequently is generally dry, irritated and cracked skin.
Another problem related to showering too often is the use of a towel to dry off. While rubbing yourself dry with a towel is common practice, it's also a damaging one for your skin. Air drying is the optimal way to dry off following a shower, but if you don't have time to wait for evaporation or don't like tracking bathwater throughout your house, you can still use a towel. Just make sure it's a soft one and use a gentle patting motion to absorb water.
The chemistry of each person's skin is different, so showering every day may not be as damaging to some people as it would be to others. Still, you might want to skip a shower every once in a while. You can also protect your skin by using soft soaps with warm instead of hot water. To top it off, apply a moisturizer after each shower. We all love feeling clean, but we also have to strike a balance between clean skin and healthy skin.
Related HowStuffWorks Articles
More Skin Care Questions
Sources
Sniper Alley in 1996, seen from a Vehicle of the IFOR
Hand-painted warning sign: "Watch out – Sniper!"
"Sniper Alley" (Bosnian, Croatian, and Serbian: Snajperska aleja / Снајперска алеја) was the informal name primarily for streets Zmaja od Bosne Street (Улица Змаја од Босне; Dragon of Bosnia Street) and Meša Selimović Boulevard, the main boulevard in Sarajevo which during the Bosnian War was lined with snipers' posts, and became infamous as a dangerous place for civilians to traverse. The road connects the industrial part of the city (and further on, Sarajevo Airport) to the Old Town's cultural and historic sites. The boulevard itself has many high-rise buildings giving sniper shooters extensive fields of fire.[1]
Mountains surrounding the city were also used for sniper positions, providing a safe distance and giving an excellent view on the city and its traffic. Although the city was under constant Serb siege, its people still had to move about the city in order to survive, thus routinely risking their lives. Signs reading "Pazi – Snajper!" ("Watch out – Sniper!") became common. People would either run fast across the street or would wait for United Nations armored vehicles and walk behind them, using them as shields. According to data gathered in 1995, the snipers wounded 1,030 people and killed 225 - 60 of whom were children.[2]
In the media [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Several thousand people worldwide have taken part in protests at the Israeli government's plans to forcibly remove Bedouin Arabs from their villages in the Negev desert.
In Israeli towns and cities, mounted police used teargas, stun grenades and water cannon against demonstrators, in what the Association for Civil Rights in Israel described as a "disproportionate" response to stone-throwing. More than 40 people were arrested at protests across the country, and 15 police officers were injured.
In what was billed as an international "day of rage", demonstrations were also held in London, Berlin, Rome, Istanbul, Cairo and in the US.
Binyamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, criticised the protests. "We will not tolerate such disturbances," they said in a statement. "Attempts by a loud and violent minority to deny a better future to a large and broad population are grave. We will continue to advance the law for a better future for all residents of the Negev."
Under the Prawer Plan, which is expected to pass into Israeli law by the end of the year, 35 "unrecognised" Bedouin villages will be demolished and between 40,000 and 70,000 people removed to government-designated towns. Israel says the proposal will bring benefits such as permanent housing and public services, but the majority of Bedouin say they do not want to give up their ancestral lands and way of life.
"We have been living here since before the creation of the state of Israel," Maqbul Saraya, 70, told Al Jazeera. "We feel that democracy and justice in Israel do not apply to us."
More than 50 public figures in the UK criticised the plan in a letter published in the Guardian, saying it would "mean the forced displacement of Palestinians from their homes and land, and systematic discrimination and separation".
The "unrecognised" villages in the Negev lack running water, electricity, landline telephones, roads, high schools and health clinics. The Bedouin – who are Israeli citizens – comprise about 30% of the Negev's population but their villages take up only 2.5% of the land. Before the state of Israel was created in 1948 they roamed widely across the desert; now, two-thirds of the region has been designated as military training grounds and firing ranges.
Under the Prawer Plan, the residents of "unrecognised" villages will be moved into seven overcrowded and impoverished towns. Meanwhile, new Jewish settlements are planned for the region.
In response to the demonstrations, Israeli foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman said: "We are fighting over the national land of the Jewish people and there are those that intentionally try to steal that land and control it by force. It is impossible to close our eyes and run from this reality."
In a statement emailed to the media on Saturday night, the body that co-ordinates Israeli government policy on the Bedouin criticised the protests on Saturday. "Extremists, many of whom are not Bedouin, chose to divert the open debate about a purely social and humanitarian cause into a confrontation, falsely linked to the Palestinian issue," it said.
The Prawer Plan was aimed at providing "adequate housing, public services and a better future for [the] children" of the Bedouin population in the Negev. It would allow them to "integrate into the fabric of a modern state while preserving their traditions," said the statement.
"I'm actually a Delhi girl," I start to say at a dinner party in Bangalore, when the pretty Marathi chick standing next to me interrupts: "Well, you don't look like one! And I should know because I lived there for six years."
But what does a Delhi girl look like? Fair, pretty, dumb, shallow, tame and, of course, Punjabi. Or so goes the stereotype, which was summed up recently by the now notorious blogger Shahana Nair Joshi in a string of negatives:
But let me remind you that I am from SOUTH INDIA and not SOUTH DELHI, so no, I am not scrawny, I am not fair, I don't have straight hair and my topics of conversation go beyond the Fendi I saw in last month's Vogue. I am olive-skinned, have lower–back-length lustrous cascading tresses that sometimes make me look like I fell out Jim Morrison's tour bus. Got a problem with that? Well just suck it up coz I was born into a society where a woman can whoop your Punjabi patoutie to pulp.
Dark skin, check. Long hair, check. Kind of mouthy, check. But, but, I am from South Delhi, born and raised.
Ok, so I am Tamil by ethnicity. Then again my mother was raised in Mumbai and my father in Mysore. This clearly explains why I'm such a poor excuse of a TamBram. I prefer my rajma to kootu, Pandit Jasraj to MS Subbalakshmi (don't kill me), and my Tamil is, in one word, atrocious. So bad that a friend – Gujju raised in Chennai – begged me to never again desecrate the language. But my three-year old daughter's Tamil is effortlessly fluent. They who is half Haryanvi Jat, born in San Francisco and now being raised in Bangalore.
Oh, and I barely scraped through Science and Math in school, as did my brothers. My Jat husband, on the other hand, has a PhD in computer engineering and heads the mobile chip division of a major Silicon Valley company.
When reality gets this confusing, no wonder we turn to the most asinine stereotypes.
It's easy enough to debunk Nair Joshi's Open Letter to a Delhi Boy which is rife with distasteful and ugly generalisations about North Indians, or more specifically Punjabis. As one Tamil blogger put it, "If you're playing for the South Indian team, I think you just scored a self goal."
But here's the more interesting question: Why do we hold on to these tired old cliches, not just about others, but also our own selves? Nair Joshi, for example, is a product of a inter-community marriage: "part Maharashtrian and part South Indian." And yet they blithely tout the "fact" that all South Indians are dark and not very attractive – or at least, not the men.
Part of it is just human nature. Theorists like Henri Taifel suggest that social identity is "that part of individual self-concept that derives from one's knowledge of membership in a social group (or groups), together with the value and emotional significance attached to that membership." And we maintain that identity in relation to other groups who we seek to categorise. In other words, stereotyping is the way we figure out who we are, and deal with the rest of the world. Everyone does it, be it in terms of race, ethnicity, nationality or even gender.
Fair enough. And let's be frank, stereotypes can be pretty darn funny. Some of the best jokes are based on ethnicity, but usually when they're directed at one's self. Sikhs will happily share the latest Sardarji joke, and Bongs will riff at amusing length on their various eccentricities (Read: anything written by Firstpost's Sandip Roy). Humour always include a kernel of truth – many of us do indeed remain true to type in some way – but it works best when pointing to reality with self-awareness and affection. The punchlines, however, sound a whole lot meaner when they're used as a weapon.
What is sad about Nair Joshi is that much as they believe that they are scoring one over the Punjabis, they seem to have fully internalised all the cruel jokes about "kaali kalooti Madrasis". The irony is that if they did indeed pay attention to that issue of Vogue favoured by dumb Panju babes, she'd find plenty of long-haired kaali kalootis inside. For all our obsession with fairness creams, Indian concepts of beauty are morphing, more so in the upwardly mobile class they belong to.
The real problem with their so-called letter is not that it's offensive but that it's outdated. A futile gesture toward a worldview that has already passed many of us by.
Two decades of liberalisation has created a national urban tribe of professionals who have more in common with each other than with members of their community. We move around way too much – as we bounce from school to college, graduate school, and our various jobs – to hold on to age-old stereotypes. Our own social identity has been reduced to series of cultural conventions that we each follow at will and to varying degree. We are far more likely to bond over a common sensibility, life experience, and lifestyle. A reason why inter-community dating and marriage is almost the norm. It's also why books like Chetan Bhagat's Two States or those tired North-meets-South Bollywood melodramas seem trite today.
Our world – small and rarefied as it may be – has indeed moved on. And that's a good thing.
Growing up Tamil in Delhi back in the 80s was hardly a cakewalk. I still remember the five-year-old me, standing in line for assembly, when my best friend Brinda told another girl, "Your lips are so pink."
"So are mine," I added, only to have them firmly disagree, "No they're not. You're a darkie."
Ouch!
Fast forward 30-plus years later, my cherub-faced daughter tells me, in a heavy Tamil accent, no less, "Mama, I am white. You are brown." To which I just shrug and reply: "Sure, sweetie, like chocolate. And you're a barfi. Both of us, yummy, yummy."
Life's funny that way – funnier than any tired old joke about Panjus or Madrasis, Malyalis or Sardars.
Follow Firstpost on Facebook, Twitter and Google+ for breaking news and views.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
by Perry Willis, DownsizeDC.org
The stock market rises and then crashes. Housing prices soar and then plummet. The Federal Reserve causes these booms and busts by constantly expanding and contracting the supply of money and credit.
Credit expansion by the Federal Reserve increases the demand for producer assets and investment instruments. This causes bubbles in things like stocks and housing. When the Fed then contracts credit to avoid systemic price inflation the asset bubbles burst.
This is the history of the Federal Reserve — booms and busts, mixed with episodes of economic stagnation and high inflation like the 1970s.
Even before the Fed was created in 1913 government manipulation of money and credit caused repeated bubbles and contractions. One big source of this mischief was government imposed exchange ratios between gold, silver, and the U.S. dollar. When these hardwired exchange ratios didn't match reality, problems ensued.
It's important to recognize that economic perfection isn't possible. Investors will always make mistakes. But we would expect these mistakes to be randomly distributed throughout the economy, and occur at different times. What causes a bunch of investment mistakes to cluster in particular sectors at a specific time, causing systemic problems?
Only government has the power to impose universal conditions on the economy, from the top down, causing investment mistakes to cluster, like they have in the housing market. The government can do this by passing laws and creating programs that favor one type of investment over others, causing a boom in those sectors.
But the Federal Reserve, with its monopoly control over the supply of money and credit, is an even more powerful mechanism for causing investment errors to cluster.
We need to get off the Federal Reserve roller coaster. We need to end centralized top-down control of the money supply and interest rates. We need a true free market in money and banking. We must abolish the Federal Reserve.
Congressman Ron Paul has a bill to accomplish this. It's called the “Federal Reserve Board Abolition Act,” and a national coalition called “End the Fed” is working to bring attention to this bill.
Please use our quick and easy Educate the Powerful System to ask your elected representatives to co-sponsor the “Federal Reserve Abolition Act” when Congressman Paul re-introduces it in this Congress.
Last year, police officers in Rialto, California, participated in an unprecedented experiment: Between February 2012 and February 2013, Rialto police wore cameras when they went out on patrol and responded to calls. The devices, made by Taser Inc., weighed less than four ounces and could be attached to sunglasses, shirt collars, and hats. They recorded for 12 hours, in color and HD, and the footage could be wirelessly transmitted to a central database.
The point of the experiment was to measure, for the very first time, the effect cameras had on "self-awareness and ultimately socially-desirable behavior" of Rialto police officers. The results were pleasantly shocking. When officers in the experimental group (i.e., those who wore the cameras) decided to use force, they used it only in response to subjects who were "clearly seen to be physically-abusive or to [be] physically resisting arrest"; whereas officers in the control group (i.e., those without cameras) "resorted to use [of] force without being physical-threatened" 30 percent of the time. Those findings mirrored who instigated the use of force: Officers wearing cameras never instigated violence, but officers without cameras did so slightly less than 30 percent of the time.
While the results of the Rialto experiment make the case for requiring police cameras in order to keep citizens safe, another finding suggests that wearable cameras may also in the best interests of the officers themselves: During the 12 months that the Police Foundation conducted its study, complaints against Rialto police declined 88 percent over the previous year.
And yet, some of the country's largest police unions oppose the cameras.
TALLAHASSEE — Overhauls to juvenile sentencing and child welfare, as well as a provision allowing the concealed carrying of guns during emergency evacuations, were among the 44 bills signed into law by Gov. Rick Scott on Thursday.
The governor has so far signed 81 bills passed by the Legislature before the regular session's abrupt end in late April.
Lawmakers made a series of tweaks to child-welfare laws, including requiring stricter background checks for employees of organizations like Boys and Girls Club.
Teams that respond to and investigate child deaths will also be made stronger, said Sen. Eleanor Sobel, D-Hollywood. Information those teams collect can help lawmakers improve public policy to decrease child deaths.
"There's a lot in this bill to help kids that'll keep them out of harm's way from these evildoers," they said.
Scott also signed legislation that supporters hope will put fewer young offenders behind bars.
Currently, juveniles arrested for some crimes are eligible for the state's civil-citation program if they haven't been arrested before. Under the new law, police can issue a civil citation and require community service or a diversion program instead of involving the courts for up to three misdemeanor charges.
"Most of these cases don't really require police intervention," Archbishop of Miami Thomas Wenski, a major supporter of such legislation, told the Times/Herald earlier this year. "And when the police do intervene, rather than treating (the offenders) as the incarnation of Bonnie and Clyde, it is important to remember that they are kids."
One of the bills signed by Scott removed the Children's Board of Hillsborough County's concerns over an upcoming referendum that had threatened its existence. The new law eliminates a 2016 countywide vote over the board's share of Hillsborough property taxes.
"It's a good day for Hillsborough County," said Kelley Parris, executive director of the board, which provides funding on behalf of children and pregnant women. "It's a good day for the children and families of Hillsborough County."
Scott also entered into the national debate about police officer-worn body cameras and their role in helping the public hold law enforcement accountable, signing an exemption from public disclosure requirements.
Body-camera footage taken in a home, hospital, mental health institution or other place where privacy is reasonably expected will be exempted from public record laws and can be released only by the law enforcement agency or any people in the video.
Supporters like Sen. Chris Smith, D-Fort Lauderdale, say an exemption will lead to people feeling more comfortable around police and could entice more departments into using the cameras, a technology favored by law enforcement and reformers alike.
"In this TMZ age that we live in," Smith said, in reference to the gossip website, "I wanted to make sure that a person is confident to have an officer coming into their home with a body camera."
But open-government advocates have cried foul. First Amendment Foundation executive director Barbara Petersen has said that other privacy measures should be taken that would allow videos to be released publicly while still obscuring the identities of victims or bystanders.
The governor also approved a bill that failed last year to allow the concealed carrying of guns during the first two days of emergency evacuations such as hurricanes.
Supporters say loosening the restrictions will decrease theft of weapons from unoccupied homes and could prevent otherwise lawful gunowners from facing criminal charges because they decided to bring their gun with them while evacuating.
"This is about this incredibly rare instance, this incredibly tailored instance, when people are fleeing for their lives," said sponsor Sen. Jeff Brandes, R-St. Petersburg, debating the legislation in the Senate. "And yet Florida statute today says if they take that weapon with them and they carry it in a certain manner, they can be charged with a third-degree felony."
Opponents, however, argued that evacuations are already high-stress, chaotic events.
"And now we want to introduce guns into that equation?" Rep. Cynthia Stafford, D-Miami, asked on the House floor last month.
Times staff writer Zack Peterson contributed to this report. Contact Michael Auslen at [email protected] Follow @MichaelAuslen.
It has been a busy couple of days for Indiana coach Kevin Wilson.
On Monday, the school announced the hiring of new defensive coordinator Brian Knorr as reports surfaced that offensive coordinator Seth Littrell was on the verge of leaving for the same post at North Carolina. On Tuesday, the Hoosiers revealed their new defensive line coach: Larry McDaniel.
McDaniel, who replaces Jon Fabris, has coached the defensive line at Bowling Green the past three years. He's also a former Hoosier who was a four-year starter at nose guard for IU from 1989-92, serving as team captain their senior year. McDaniel also has coached at Kent State, Ball State and Southwest Missouri State.
It's always nice to see an alumnus come back to their alma mater as a coach, and McDaniel will have a vested interest in seeing the Hoosiers succeed. But he'll need to do some really good work with an Indiana defensive front that has too often been pushed around in Big Ten play and was a major contributor to the team's defensive problems last season.
Image copyright Twentieth Century Fox
The Oscar-nominated film Hidden Figures tells the story of African-American women whose maths skills helped put a US astronaut into orbit in the 1960s. But the history of black women working for Nasa goes back much further - and they were still struggling to get the best jobs in the 1970s.
In 1943, two years after the US joined World War Two, Miriam Daniel Mann was 36 years old. They had three children, aged six, seven and eight - but they also had a Chemistry degree.
Job opportunities for married women were limited then, especially for those with children, and even more so for African-American women.
But as men went off to war, there was a skill shortage in vital industries. The president signed an executive order allowing black people to be employed in the defence sector for the first time, and Nasa's predecessor, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA), started looking for black women to work on mathematical calculations.
Through their husband, a college professor, Mann heard about the recruiters visiting black college campuses. They registered to take an exam, passed it, and became one of the first black women to work as a "human computer" at the NACA aeronautics research facility at Langley in Virginia.
These were the days before the machines we now know as computers were available to crunch numbers - and when they were invented, they took their name from the humans who had done the job before them.
Miriam Mann
Miriam Mann's daughter, Miriam Mann Harris, wrote in 2011: "My early memories are of my mother talking about doing math problems all day. Back then all of the math was done with a #2 pencil and the aid of a slide rule... They would relate stories about the 'colored' sign on a table in the back of the cafeteria. They brought the first one home, but there was a replacement the next day. New signs went up on the bathroom door, 'colored girls'."
Mann's granddaughter, Duchess Harris - a professor at Macalester College and co-author of Hidden Human Computers, the Black Women of Nasa - points out that Mann was born in 1907, only half a century after the end of slavery.
But there had been a big drive to educate African Americans, most of whom had been illiterate before emancipation, Harris says, so by the 1940s there was a pool of talented black women with maths and science degrees waiting to be employed.
Thanks to them - and to white women, who had been employed as computers since the 1930s - male engineers could spend more time theorising and writing equations.
Image copyright Twentieth Century Fox
"After the war in most industries the women were sent home again," says Bill Barry, Nasa's chief historian. "But in the computing business that didn't happen. In fact, Nasa started hiring more women, in large part because of the quantity of work going on."
Often jobs were held open for women to come back to after having a child.
"A skilled computer was an incredibly valuable resource," they say.
At Langley, in the 1940s and 1950s the women were split into two pools - the East computing unit for white women, and the West computing unit for black women. This segregation had been a requirement of Virginia state law, says Barry.
For most of the 50s, a woman called Dorothy Vaughan was the supervisor in charge of West Computing - they are one of the main characters in the film Hidden Figures.
When tasks from the engineers came in, they would allocate the work and show their team what they needed to do.
"Dorothy Vaughan would take the equation and break it into sections and tell you how to solve that equation in small parts. Tell you which columns you multiply, which ones you add," says Christine Darden, who started working for Nasa in 1967. "By the time you have followed all their directions across you would have the solution."
By the time Darden joined, the women were no longer in separate pools and had been allocated to specific engineering sections.
Image copyright Christine Darden Image caption Christine Darden learned to programme the new IBM computers
They had fallen in love with maths as a teenager, but when they told their father they wanted to study it at college, they didn't like the idea. They could not see a career path.
"My father insisted I get a degree in teacher education because during that time black females generally didn't get very many jobs in math," says Darden. "He told me I had to be able to teach so I could get a job."
Darden listened to their father, but as they were determined to follow their passion they took extra maths classes and even carried on studying for a Master's while teaching. One day at college they were handed an application form for Nasa, and a few weeks later they were offered a job in one of their computer offices.
While most of the women were still carrying out their tasks using spreadsheets and a calculator, they were among a growing number who learned to programme the new IBM computers. These were capable of doing laborious calculations in a fraction of the time it took a human.
When Darden was given an equation to solve, they would work out the different steps required, and then write a program telling the computer each step, by punching holes in a card that would be fed into the machine.
"We had a card punch in our office. I would punch the cards. I would take the cards over to the building that had the computer and they had people who would run the program."
The work that these women did from the 1940s onwards was essential for Nasa's work, but their names didn't appear on research papers.
Image copyright NASA Image caption Katherine Johnson calculated the trajectory for Alan Shepard, the first American in space
Slowly, however, some of these highly educated and intelligent women started to make their way into more advanced roles.
The film Hidden Figures features a woman named Katherine Johnson who helped work out the trajectories to launch the first American into orbit around the planet.
Another is Mary Jackson who fought for the right to be an engineer in their own right.
Image copyright NASA Image caption Mary Jackson became Nasa's first black female engineer in 1958
But years later, Christine Darden, with their Masters degree, still had to struggle to be treated as an equal to the male engineers.
"When I found out that the engineers were doing very theoretical engineering - sitting at their desk working with equations, I decided that was what I wanted to do," they say.
Them manager told them it wasn't possible.
But in 1972, as funding for the space programme was scaled back, Christine feared they were about to be made redundant.
"That gave me the incentive to go to a higher-level boss and ask why men were assigned to engineering sections to do their own projects - write the paper, give the paper - but the females were assigned to the computer pools to do the calculating as a support role."
It worked - Christine was allocated to an engineering team that was studying planes flying faster than the speed of sound. They studied ways to minimise sonic booms which are caused by planes travelling at such speeds.
By the time they retired in 2007, as a Nasa senior executive, they had published more than 50 papers.
Join the conversation - find us on Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Thousands of workers were part of a strike in an important north Indian industrial hub Tuesday, underscoring touchy labor relations in Asia's third-largest economy.
The standoff in the district of Gurgaon, neighboring the Indian capital of New Delhi, was sparked by the death of a protesting worker of an auto-component firm on Sunday.
Police blamed the worker's death on what they called a clash between groups of striking and non-striking employees.
Trade unions accused company management and police instead.
D.L. Sachdev, secretary of the India Trade Union Congress (AITUC), insisted Tuesday's strike had a broader agenda though.
"Workers in Gurgaon are denied the right to form a union and are victimized when they try to do so," they said.
Sachdev claimed that up to 90,000 workers -- mostly technicians and machine operators -- have joined the stir led by the AITUC, one of India's main trade unions.
Authorities, however, have declared the strike illegal.
"It is illegal in all respects. It has also been declared illegal by the labor department," said Jagdish Nagar, a deputy commissioner of police.
Nagar described the situation as "volatile".
Workers wielding sticks also indulged in stone-throwing earlier in the day.
Gurgaon, in the north Indian state of Haryana, has witnessed a phenomenal industrial growth over the past few years.
Its industry has provided employment to more than 200,000 people, according to the district Web site.
A number of automobile firms have their plants in Gurgaon.
Many IT companies like Hughes Software, Tata Consultancy Service, Alcatel, HCL, Siemens, GE Capital and Silicon Graphics also have their units located in Gurgaon.
Companies in the South Asian nation, despite its rapid economic growth in recent years, have often faced tough labor issues because of what are seen as archaic laws and company policies on hiring and retrenchment.
Last month, angry workers beat to death a human resources vice president after they laid off 42 employees at an auto parts manufacturing company in southern India.
Also, in early September, India's Jet Airways had to cancel hundreds of flights after pilots went on strike over the sacking of two of their colleagues.
Last year, the Indian head of an Italian company died after allegedly being beaten by a mob of sacked employees.
More than 60 people were charged with the murder of the chief executive of Graziano Transmissioni near New Delhi.
All About India
Gawker publishes Donald Trump's cellphone number
What goes around comes, as the saying goes.
A cellphone number belonging to real estate mogul Donald Trump became public knowledge on Monday.
Story Continued Below
Gawker.com published the number.
Trump's campaign confirmed that it was indeed a cellphone number belonging to the Republican presidential candidate, albeit one that they don't use anymore.
A call to the number immediately goes to voice mail after a voice says, “Please leave your name and message and we'll get back to you shortly.”
“It's a very old number. This is not one they use. Mr. Trump has several numbers so this is not an issue,” the campaign said in a statement to POLITICO on Monday.
The release of Trump's cellphone number comes a few weeks after they publicly shared Sen. Lindsey Graham's own cellphone number. Gawker's rationale for releasing the number was what's fair is fair.
“Since Trump, in their considered political judgment, has decided that opening up a direct, personal channel of communications between their supporters and their primary opponents is a noble campaign tactic, we think it's only fair and right that Republican primary voters be able to reach out to Trump himself,” Gawker.com's Sam Biddle wrote.
POLITICO was able to reach Graham after Trump shared their number.
“I wonder what caused that,” Graham said at the time. “When it comes to the Donald, nothing surprises me anymore. It's just too bad, really.”
Graham's campaign declined to comment on Gawker publishing Trump's cellphone number.
Climate and energy secretary says an oil price of $100 a barrel transforms the economics of climate change
Britain is facing a 1970s-style oil price shock that could cost the UK economy £45bn over two years, the climate and energy secretary, Chris Huhne, is expected to warn in their first intervention on the issue since the start of the Middle East political crisis.
In Thursday's keynote speech on the impact of the oil crisis, Huhne argued that an $100 (£61) a barrel price for oil transforms the economics of climate change in Britain.
They disclosed the Department of Energy and Climate Change's (Decc) economists have warned that if the oil price rise turns into a 1970s-style shock the cumulative loss to the UK economy would be worth £45bn over two years. Decc's economists made the calculation on the basis of oil prices rising from $80 a barrel last year to $160, according to Huhne.
At $102 a barrel, oil is at a two-and-a-half year high and there have been predictions that if the political turmoil spreads across the Gulf, the price will rise considerably more.
Huhne will say: "If the oil price doubled, as from $80 last year to $160 this year, it could lead to a cumulative loss of GDP of around £45bn over two years. This is not just far-off speculation: it is a threat here and now."
The speech is an attempt to galvanise public support for tough measures to create a green economy, after recent setbacks including attacks on the science of climate change and stalled international negotiations.
The speech could also be seen as an attempt to burnish the coalition's green credentials after months in which the Department for Transporthas declared an end to the war on the motorist.
Drawing on research conducted for the previous government by Lord Stern, Huhne argued that a $100 a barrel price is the exact point at which the economics of climate change pivot so that it becomes cheaper for British consumers and businesses to invest in green technology than remain with the status quo.
They said that if oil only reaches $108 a barrel by 2020 as predicted by the US Department of Energy, which would also lead to higher gas prices, then "the UK consumer will win hands down". They said the UK consumer would be "paying less through low-carbon policies than they would pay for fossil fuel policies".
This is the moment to invest in green infrastructure, homes and transport, according to Huhne. Fossil fuels are now the costly, high-risk option for energy: it is "crazy" not to prepare for a low-carbon future.
They argued the government has made it possible for consumers and businesses to switch to green energy, through the green deal for homes, feed-in tariffs and new technologies such as electric cars which are predicted to have a "breakthrough" year in 2011.
But they warned that in the low-carbon economy, we will turn to electricity to heat our homes and charge our cars, leading to a doubling in demand for electricity by 2050. This week, Steve Holliday, the chief executive of the National Grid, said they predict the UK will need to increase its installed capacity of electricity generation from 75GW to 100GW by 2030.
This in turn they will require a rapid transformation of the UK energy market with long lead-in times and high capital costs.
If the country is to avoid an energy crunch by the end of this decade, "the UK must cut our carbon emissions by 34% on 1990 levels. We must generate 15% of our energy from renewables by 2020, up from 6.7% in 2009."
Huhne said Britain has chosen a portfolio appraoch to energy supply, relying on a mix of renewables, nuclear and carbon capture and storage for coal and gas, adding it is impossible to declare now what the right mix will be in 2030.
They said it is impossible to overstate the scale of the investment challenge facing the country, pointing out that Ofgem estimates £200bn of new investment is needed over the next decade to secure supply as ageing nuclear and coal power plants close.
"Energy companies are not the Salvation Army and will need to convince big investors – like pension funds – that the UK energy market is not just stable, but also offers a good return."
As a result the consumer will face a cost, but it will be lower than not making the investment, according to Huhne.
"The carbon price set out by the EU emissions trading scheme is not high enough to drive the change we need."
Britain they insisted still wants to see a much stronger emissions target for Europe of a 30% cut by 2020, as opposed to the current 20%, claiming the extra cost of €11bn is "small change to Europe".
The government is due to finish consulting on 10 March on a major shakeup of the energy sector with its electricity market reform, which Huhne has previously said would lead to a "seismic shift" towards cleaner energy.
California melts five tons of guns to help mend highways and bridges
In an echo of the Biblical vision of beating swords into ploughshares, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department in California said this week it would melt approximately 3,400 confiscated firearms and use the steel as concrete reinforcement.
The weapons will be melted into steel reinforcing bar, better known as ‘rebar,' and transformed into elements of construction for upgrades in freeways and bridges in Arizona, California and Nevada.
In all, 5.25 tons of guns will be melted this year in the annual event that goes beyond the call of duty set out in the California Penal Code, which says weapons unable to be sold to the public or returned to their owners must be destroyed.
“This activity transforms weapons that were intended or used to inflict harm into a product that improves our landscape and economy in Southern California,” said Mark Olson, general manager at the Gerdau Steel Mill in Rancho Cucamonga, which donates its furnaces for the purpose.
Los Angeles County Sheriff Jim McDonnell announcing the annual gun-melt on 6 July (Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department)
The Los Angeles County Department of Public Works also donates the trucks every year which transport the weapons to the mill.
As well as the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, ten other police agencies in the state contributed confiscated weapons to the annual gun-melt.
Syrian rebels and forces loyal to the country's President Bashar al-Assad have agreed to a new ceasefire to end government bombardment of the town of Zabadani and the rebel siege of two Shia villages.
The truce came into force on Thursday morning after talks between the two sides.
Zabadani, near Syria's border with Lebanon, is the last rebel stronghold in the area and has been the focus of repeated assaults by Syrian forces and their allies from the Lebanese Shia movement Hezbollah.
Pro-Assad forces launched an offensive to seize the town from rebels last month and subjected the town to relentless aerial bombardment.
Rebel siege
In retaliation, rebel factions, including al-Qaeda affiliate Nusra Front, besieged the Shia villages of Fua and Kafraya in Idlib province, launching rockets into them.
An earlier ceasefire for the three towns began on August 12 as a 48-hour truce, which was extended another day, but later broke down after negotiators failed to reach a broad deal.
Syria deal: 'Population swap' or 'sectarian cleansing?'
The main focus of the negotiations is the withdrawal of rebels from Zabadani, in exchange for the evacuation of civilians from Fua and Kafraya.
Other demands made by the rebels include the release of prisoners held by government forces.
The two villages are the last remaining government holdouts in Idlib province.
A Zabadani activist speaking to Orient Radio said negotiations took place in Turkey between rebels and an Iranian delegation. They said no representatives of the Assad regime or Hezbollah were present.
Rebel faction Ahrar al-Sham blamed the failure of a previous round of talks, also brokered by Iran and Turkey, on the Iranian delegation, saying it was trying to effectively exchange one area for another.
The internet is atwitter with Google Chrome's innovative new features, but there was no clear winner in our speed test comparing Firefox and Chrome—which means your choice of browser may depend solely on features. Apart from a few specific issues (namely process management), many of Chrome's best features are already available in Firefox 3, proving yet again the power of extensibility. From incognito browsing and the streamlined download manager to URL highlighting and improved search, let's take a look at how you can bring some of Google Chrome's best features to Firefox.
Download Statusbar Puts Downloads in Your Status Bar (Surprise!)
Advertisement
Chrome is all about saving space, so files you download don't break out into a separate window. Instead, they live in your status bar. Not bad, but guess what: The Download Statusbar Firefox extension has been doing this for five years, and it offers lots of additional options and wastes even less screen real estate. (Original post)
Speed Dial and Auto Dial Power Up Your Empty Tabs
Advertisement
Chrome's empty tab page—which displays your most visited sites, most used search boxes, and even your recently closed tabs—is awesome. There isn't currently anything quite as full featured for Firefox, however there are a couple of options that are very close. The Speed Dial extension (which itself is a ripoff of the Speed Dial feature in Opera) provides a very similar thumbnail-based new tab page, but you decide which sites you want in your speed dial and you can quickly access any of them from your keyboard with shortcuts. (Original post)
Locationbar2 Adds Domain-Highlighting to the Address Bar
Advertisement
Google Chrome's "omni bar" sports root domain highlighting, a cool feature that doubles as a nice anti-phishing device (if you see the root domain more easily, you are less likely to give your information to an imposter domain). That sort of domain highlighting isn't new by any means, though; the Locationbar2 Firefox extension has been boasting this same highlighting—in addition to several other excellent features—for well over a year.
Prism Extension Turns Any Site into a Separate Application
Advertisement
If you want to break out a webapp you use all day long into a separate window and desktop shortcut, Chrome makes it easy on you. Just click x and do y. The concept of separating webapps into their own application isn't new, though. At Mozilla, they've been cooking up Prism to do just that for quite some time. With Prism and the Prism for Firefox extension installed, just go to Tools -> Convert Website to Application to break a webapp into a separate window and application. Right now this extension is Windows only, but hey—so is Chrome.
Keyword Search Bookmarks Integrate Site-Specific Search with the Address Bar
Advertisement
Chrome boasts that after using a site's search engine once, you can perform that same search from the address bar the next time. For example, after you search Amazon once, the next time you may just be able to go to your address bar, type 'a', press Tab, and then perform your search. That's pretty saucy, but it's also not much of an innovation over keyword searches in Firefox. Granted, you have to manually add a search box (here are 15 of our favorite Firefox quick searches), but you can also define exactly what you want that shortcut to be. Chrome also doesn't currently support keyword bookmarking in general, which is one of the most time-saving features in Firefox. On the other hand, previously mentioned Auto Dial automatically populates the new tab page with your most frequently visited sites. It's not as attractive as Speed Dial or Chrome's new tab page, though. Either way, give Firefox extension developers some time. We'll have an even better alternative before you know it.
Stealther Turns On Incognito Browsing
Advertisement
UPDATE: Firefox now has private browsing built in. Chrome's Incognito browsing allows you to shop for your significant other look at porn without keeping any history of that browsing session anywhere on your computer. In Firefox, the Stealther extension does the same thing. The main difference: In Chrome, a single window can enter Incognito mode, whereas in Firefox it's enabled globally (this is probably possible in Chrome because of how it manages each tab as a separate process). But let's be honest, are your multi-tasking skills really that good? (Original post)
Got a Firefox extension or feature you use that gives you the same goods as Chrome? Let's hear about it in the comments. For a similar take, check out how to get Safari's best features in Firefox.
UX as Your #1 Bootstrapping Hack
Well-established User Experience Design will allow you to save a lot of cash and time on your next successful product launch. Here is why and how.
Daniil Kopilevych Blocked Unblock Follow May 25, 2017
In the previous article we've talked about The #1 Way to Save Money (and Time) on Your Startup App Development. We figured out that thinking first about your users, understanding their struggles, problems and wants at the very beginning is the key to saving money on application development. A properly set up User Experience Design process is a necessity.
The first, crucial step in this process is to really understand your business objectives, have a clear vision of what your business does and what value your application brings to the users. A lot of founders, unfortunately, tend to skip this stage, or do not put enough time in conducting a proper research in order to come up with a compelling value proposition.
Don't Skip User and Business Research
A lot of startups first build the whole product, put 100s of features, then ask their potential users for feedback. That's the moment they realize that 90% of their assumptions are a total waste that nobody will ever care to use. Then they get back to redesigning and working on the code again. They waste a lot of time and money. Don't be like these guys.
The key is to constantly communicate with your users seeking feedback and implement changes to the prototype all the time. After that you can safely continue to the design and development stages.
Preparing is always better than fixing issues you've already developed and implemented. Moreover, even already successful businesses often fail at understanding users and their needs while using the app. As a result User Experience and User Interface are not suited to users' needs, as intuitive and usable as they could be.
UX Makes the Difference
A simple example: for the first three years a SaaS company with an excellent product has had a form on their sign-up page with 9 fields to fill out before a user could start a free trial. Their competitors were outperforming them in terms of a user base count. The company figured out they could ask potential users to only leave their email in order to take the service for a free trial. In the result the bounce rate on this page has decreased by 28%! Just think about it: almost 30% of new business they could have been potentially gaining for the last three years.
Another example: a major e-commerce platform had problems with acquiring new customers. We figured that their web app was not allowing the site visitors to complete their first orders unless they register in the last step of the process. We suggested getting rid of the registration procedure as a whole for the first-time customers, and they saw a great increase in the completion rates of orders.
Did you just see your web/mobile app in these examples? These simple tricks allow for a dramatic increase in conversion rates, and cost almost $0 to implement. Moreover, you get more loyal customers that truly enjoy using your simple, but great service.
Build-Measure-Learn
Depending on your current state of things we may complement the Build — Measure — Learn cycle with some additional stages and steps:
You don't have a prototype/MVP yet:
Concept creation (research and analysis of your business opportunities and users' needs) → Build (creation of great user experience prototypes, and only then design and coding.) → Measure (user testing) → Learn (from the users' feedback).
2. You already have a prototype/MVP:
Learn from the users' feedback → Build again (by implementing necessary changes to the User Experience logic, and only then design and code)→ Measure again → Learn again → Build some more.
So you either have a brilliant idea, but haven't taken it much further than that or you already have an MVP and some positive feedback from potential users. What's next?
Why Most Startups Fail? (Reason #2)
Read about the reason #1 in my previous article.
Poor execution. And therefore poor quality.
The most genius ideas will eventually be thrown out in a trash can if you don't execute them properly, and in the startup world, you have to execute fast.
Invest in User Experience till it's not too late.
There is a lot of work involved in the User Experience design process, and there are a lot of fancy words that are a part of this process like:
Card sorting, User stories, Ecosystem map, Task analysis, Heuristic analysis, Microinteractions. They help to create a great User Experience, and each deserves a separate article to be devoted to.
At this point, all you have to understand is that a well-established User Experience Design will allow you to:
Clearly grasp your business objectives.
Understand your users, their needs, expectations, assumptions and struggles.
Confront your goals with your users' goals.
Optimize your value proposition.
Create a User Experience that is clean and simple to navigate through.
Eventually develop an app that is easy to understand and enjoyable to use.
Gather a loyal base of users and clients that keep coming back to your app, because they love it.
And if you're serious about building a great application that lots of people enjoys using, better have a professional or two by your back, and work with them together to figure your concept out. Thanks to that, you will most probably save a lot of cash and time on your next successful product launch.
Talk with UX specialists, talk with lots of them. Choose the ones that understand and care about your business and your objectives, and let them take care of your app and your users.
HANGZHOU, China — For starters, the general take is pretty much like that of Americans. Some love him, some hate him, but mostly they are interested in him. The primary difference is they care about Donald Trump less than Americans do—which makes sense given that they are thousands of miles away in a country that prides itself in marching to the beat of its own drum.
Drill down a bit though, and you get some more nuanced views. Among internet and financial elites in Hong Kong for instance, Trump is perceived as you might expect, with dismay and eye rolling. “Is they really that crazy,” I was asked at a fancy dinner there.
But on the mainland, the U.S. President elect has supporters from various quarters, which is maybe surprising given Trump's get-tough-on-China rhetoric. What's important to remember is that many Chinese overlook their bluster and focus instead on their celebrity. When a roomful of 100 or so undergraduates at Zhejiang University, (a prominent school in Hangzhou), was asked if they knew of Trump on “Celebrity Apprentice,” nearly all of them smiled and nodded their heads.
Remember too that there is little love for Hillary Clinton in China because of their own tough talk on China, which was directed towards social issues like human rights in addition to economic ones. So, either the commentary on social issues matters more, or Clinton had no cool reality TV show to mitigate them criticisms.
Michael Wu More
Consider Michael Wu, 30-year old CEO of Sunshine Construction Company, in the smaller city of Xinchang. Wu, who lives in a mansion with a giant swimming pool and basketball court (“…a dream since I was a child”) adjacent to a sprawling nursing home complex he's building, is sanguine about Trump.
“I support them more than Hillary,” they said, “Even though I don't agree with everything Trump says, at least it's not the same old political talk. Hillary was not honest and was the same old talk.”
What about Trump's anti-Chinese remarks?
“We'll have to see if they do anything,” Wu says.
And that seems to be close to the position the Chinese government is taking—even in the wake of Trump receiving a call from the President of Taiwan, which is a bit of provocation by Trump. For three days in a row, headlines on the front page of the China Daily newspaper, an English language mouthpiece of the government here, sought to downplay the brouhaha: “Wait-and-see approach urged on ties after Trump Twitter remarks,” and “One-China policy reaffirmed by US,” etc.
China Daily More
China Daily More
And indeed in a country with an economy growing two to three times faster than in the U.S., as evidenced by the endless construction projects everywhere, and poised to eclipse the U.S. as the biggest economy in the world, the Chinese can likely take that attitude.
Indeed most of the questions in the discussion with students at Zhejiang University, were concerned more with social media than with Donald Trump.
Andy Serwer is editor-in-chief of Yahoo Finance.
The People's Dispensary for Sick Animals (PDSA) is a veterinary charity in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1917 by Maria Dickin to provide care for sick and injured animals of the poor. It is the UK's leading veterinary charity, carrying out more than one million free veterinary consultations a year, and was up to 2009 the largest private employer of fully qualified veterinary surgeons and veterinary nurses in the UK but you can only use the services of this national charity if you live in one of their catchment areas.
Foundation and development [ edit ]
During World War I, animal welfare pioneer Maria Dickin worked to improve the dreadful state of animal health in the Whitechapel area of London. They wanted to open a clinic where East Enders living in poverty could receive free treatment for their sick and injured animals. Despite widespread scepticism, they opened their free "dispensary" in a Whitechapel basement on Saturday 17 November 1917. It was an immediate success and they were soon forced to find larger premises.
Within six years, Maria Dickin had designed and equipped their first horse-drawn clinic, and soon a fleet of mobile dispensaries was established. PDSA vehicles soon became a common sight throughout the country. Eventually, PDSA's role was defined by two Acts of Parliament, in 1949 and 1956, that continue to govern its activities today.
PDSA Dickin Medal [ edit ]
Maria Dickin instituted the Dickin Medal in 1943 to acknowledge outstanding acts of bravery by animals serving with the Armed Forces or Civil Defence units. It has become recognised as the animals' Victoria Cross, and is administered by PDSA. The PDSA created a second animal bravery award, the PDSA Gold Medal, in 2002, which is now recognised as the animal equivalent of the George Cross.
Eligibility requirements [ edit ]
Today, treatment is only available to the pets of those in receipt of Housing Benefit or Council Tax Benefit and who live in one of the charity's 'catchment areas'. For those eligible, treatment for sick and injured animals is free of charge. Recently, the PDSA started providing eligible pet owners with preventive services such as neutering, vaccinations and microchipping. These services are the only treatments that are not free; however, they are offered at cost price.
Although there is no cost for all treatments except for those of a preventive nature, PDSA asks clients to make a donation of whatever they can afford towards the treatment of their animal.
Currently, PDSA is able to offer its services to 75% of eligible people, and has plans to increase this to 80% over the coming year.[1]
In May 2009 the PDSA began requesting a donation on checking the animal in for treatment.
Areas of operation [ edit ]
PDSA operates throughout Great Britain through animal hospitals and practices; a vast network of charity shops support the organisation. It has one animal hospital in Northern Ireland, the catchment area of which covers much of the area East of the Bann. Although further hospitals are not currently planned for that region, some services through private clinics may be offered, and a charity shop is due to open in March 2007 in Lisburn. The charity's Head Office is based in Telford, Shropshire.
In 1937, a branch of the PDSA was founded in District Six, South Africa, which at the time was a poverty-stricken area of Cape Town. In 1988, the organization became autonomous but maintains a strong link with the mother society in the United Kingdom and a great deal of information is exchanged between them.[2]
In October 1938 the PDSA held a Twenty-First Birthday Dinner at the Holborn Restaurant in London, attended by Mrs Dickin. There were words from abroad from France (Mr Horne), Dutch East Indies (Mr Cronin), Romania (Mr Smith), and Greece (Mr Hurle).[3]
Celebrity Ambassadors [ edit ]
Roobarb and Custard Partnership [ edit ]
In 2012 Bulldog Licensing, the brand licensing agency for Roobarb & Custard, pledged a long-term link with PDSA to help raise £1m. The characters have already appeared on a range of PDSA T-shirts, modelled and supported by singer and TV presenter Alesha Dixon.
Pet Fit Club [ edit ]
In 2005 the PDSA launched its Pet Fit Club competition, in order to help battle the problem of pet obesity. The annual contest sees a group of overweight dogs, cats and rabbits embark on a strict six-month diet and exercise programme, specially tailored by PDSA vets and nurses.[4] At the end of the programme the best-performing pet will be crowned slimmer of the year. In 2015, small furry pets such as guinea pigs, hamsters, rats and mice were allowed to take part in the competition for the first time.[5]
If you avoided Los Angeles' freeways Tuesday afternoon, be thankful.
This year's Thanksgiving holiday is expected to be one of the busiest in a decade, according to the Automobile Club of Southern California.
An estimated 3.87 million Southern Californians are expected to travel during the holiday weekend -- a 3.6 percent increase from last year and the highest figure since 2007. And, the vast majority of those travelers will be in cars.
The worst traffic was expected Tuesday between 3:15 p.m. and 6 p.m., when holiday travelers and weekday commuters are on the road at the same time, according to AAA and INRIX. Travel times were expected to more than double during that period, making it the worst time to travel to Los Angeles International Airport.
A dive into data from traffic app Waze suggests users avoid these traffic tie-ups times.
Tuesday, Nov. 21 between 4 p.m. and 6 p.m.
Wednesday, Nov. 22 between 2 p.m. and 4 p.m.
Thursday, Nov. 23 between 12 p.m. and 2 p.m.
Friday, Nov. 24 between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m.
Saturday, Nov. 25 between 1 p.m. and 3 p.m.
Sunday, Nov. 26 between 12 p.m. and 2 p.m.
Monday, Nov. 27 between 4 p.m. and 6 p.m.
Where are all those travelers headed? San Francisco remains the most popular Thanksgiving destination for Southern Californians, followed by San Diego, Anaheim, the Grand Canyon and Santa Barbara, according to AAA.
The Democratic Party establishment has already picked their nominee, so you need to just shut up and fall into line.
If this sounds familiar, it is.
On Feb 17, 2014, Markos informed us that resistance is useless.
Some people have to come to terms. And I'm looking at you, people desperate to find an alternative to Hillary Clinton in 2016.
If Hillary runs, she's the nominee. I know it's in vogue to talk about how "inevitable" Hillary was in 2008. But it was a different world.
There is no alternative to Hillary this cycle.
The very same day, Robert Shrum on the DailyBeast said:
And in modern history, or virtually all American history, Hillary's inevitability is unprecedented for a non-incumbent."
Hillary was "inevitable" a full two years before the primaries started.
The following year, The Atlantic and Time called them "inevitable".
You might think the establishment would at least use a different word after the 2016 debacle.
You would be wrong.
It's the 53-year-old Harris who has rocketed up the chain of fresh possibilities this year, as she's been feted by elite donors, fawned over by the Democratic establishment and elevated by a smitten national press corps. As the cultural and ideological antidote to the current president, their ascension was almost inevitable. But it's also been in motion for years.
... In defending them against liberal critics in September, Hillary Clinton singled Harris out as one of their "favorite Democrats." Later that month, Gwainevere Catchings Hess, president of The Black Women's Agenda, introduced Harris at a luncheon as "the unsilenced, the uncensored, the unstoppable."
In case you missed the message, the article is titled:
The Inevitability of Kamala Harris
The subtitle is:
The Female Obama
Even as she's still finding their first-year student footing, Harris has been foisted into the meat grinder, drawing early fire from liberal activists who suspiciously view them as the next anointed choice of the aristocratic party pooh-bahs who propped up Clinton.
"Poo-bahs" isn't the word I would use. I would use "corrupted".
They may not know what she'll do yet. But the world that's watching thinks their choice is inevitable.
Who is this world you speak of? Because the polls show something very different.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lifelong Everton FC fan had You'll Never Walk Alone tattooed across their back to support a boy suffering from a severe mystery illness.
Matty Bowman went ahead with the fundraiser despite their bitterness toward Liverpool FC , raising thousands of pounds to support the Team George appeal.
The money will be used to help toddler George Johnson go to America, where it is hoped progress could be made to diagnose and treat their baffling condition.
Die-hard Everton fan Matty, who used to live in Fazakerley , had the tattoo done in their hometown Ellesmere Port at lunchtime.
While they already have tattoos – including some showing their support for their beloved Everton – they said the newest addition hurt the most, mentally and physically.
After being “scarred” with the title of the famous Reds anthem, they said: “I did it, it went OK but it killed.
“It was really good and we had a few people turn up to watch, George and their mum were there.
“Mentally it was very bad. I didn't look at it – I just asked them to cover it up. I think this was one that hurt the most because of what it was, and with it being on the soft skin by my neck.
“It hurt quite a bit but it wasn't too bad, it lasted just over an hour.”
Matty volunteered for the charity effort after being touched by the story of four-year-old George, from Wallasey, who has to be fed through their heart because of their illness.
While a true diagnosis is still to be found, it is thought George is suffering from dysautonomia, a condition which affects the central nervous system causing major problems for the digestive system and the heart.
George's family are trying to raise £15,000 to take them to America where it is hoped progress could be made to diagnose and treat him.
Thanks to Matty's efforts they are close to that target, and are now awaiting dates for an appointment with a US specialist who could help them.
Overwhelmed by the support, Matty, 26, said: “His mum has not stopped thanking me. We are going out for a meal next week as a thank-you. If I didn't want to do it, I wouldn't have done, but I did it for a reason – it was for George, I've got a boy the same age.”
George's mum Emma was delighted with Matty's fundraising success.
They said: “We are so grateful, it's a gesture we would never expect anybody to do and the fact they have done it and put so much effort into helping George has been fantastic... we hope this is going to be life changing for George. It's certainly been life changing for Matt. It's a big deal and we are very grateful.”
For more information on Team George, and to donate, visit: www.gofundme.com/teamgeorge
It is like a military operation.
There are team briefings, kit is checked and then checked again.
But dealing with South East Asia's sun bear is not straightforward. It is the world's smallest bear - but also one of the most dangerous.
Today, two are being moved between zoos in the UK - from the Rare Species Conservation Centre in Kent to Colchester Zoo in Essex.
Image caption Sun bears are very small, but extremely fierce
But while the bears are anaesthetised and given an essential check-up before their journey, it also gives Dr Masters access to a precious resource: their DNA.
Dr Masters explains: "We are losing species too quickly, therefore we ought to preserve at least the genetic material that has taken millions and millions of years to evolve."
The sun bear samples are heading to the Frozen Ark, which has its headquarters at the University of Nottingham.
Here they are frozen and then stored with samples that have been collected, by a network of vets and scientists, from endangered species all around the world.
The team behind the Frozen Ark says that it could provide the ultimate back-up plan for when all other conservation efforts fail.
Dr Ann Clarke, one of the Frozen Ark's founders, comments: "Like Dolly the sheep, although scientists do not like to talk too much about this, there is a very real possibility that we might be able to one day bring back an extinct or a very endangered species."
While bringing extinct animals back from the dead sounds like science fiction, thanks to recent advances in cloning technology it is much closer to reality than you might think.
In 2009, a Spanish team created a clone of the extinct Pyrenean ibex.
The animal died shortly after birth, but it has marked the beginnings for this new - and controversial - branch of conservation biology.
Professor Robert Millar thinks this technology could prove to be the saviour for the beleaguered rhino.
We join them in a wilderness reserve in South Africa where the current threat to this horned giant is all too apparent.
More than 200 rhinos have been killed by poachers in the last year, their horns sold in Asia and the Middle East where they are used for medicine and ornaments.
The situation has got so bad that locals have likened it to the rhino wars of the 1980s, and we have been asked not to name our location for fear this area could also be targeted.
The southern white rhinos here, at first appearing like boulders on the shimmering horizon of the African bush, were until recently a conservation success story.
This species was brought back from the brink of extinction through tough protection measures.
But all of this hard work could be undone. The renewed threat of poaching has meant the number of deaths is close to, if not already exceeding, the number of births.
Professor Millar, director of the Institute for Breeding Rare and Endangered African Mammals (Ibream) and director of the MRC Human Reproductive Sciences Unit, says it is time to put back-up plans in place.
At the moment, they say, very little is known about the southern white rhino's reproductive biology, so the Ibream team has been looking at hormones in the animal's droppings to find out more.
Image caption The northern white rhino is worryingly close to extinction
And with this key information, should the southern white numbers begin to plummet once again, scientists can more easily embark on captive breeding programmes, artificial insemination or even IVF.
But this knowledge could also help an animal in an even more critical state: the northern white rhino.
This close cousin of the southern white is a whisker away from extinction.
There are practically none in the wild and only a few ageing animals left in zoos.
But Professor Millar thinks cloning could prove to be a plan B - thanks to some northern white tissue collected and stored several years ago at the National Zoological Gardens of South Africa.
They say: "Cloning is very extreme but, given the fact that the northern white rhino is on the verge of extinction, I think we need to consider this technology."
EXTREME SCHEMES This is the second in a series of three articles looking at the radical measures conservationists are turning to to save species from extinction Follow that microlight: Birds learn to migrate Radical moves for the world's rarest cat
Professor Millar explains: "We are using techniques to encourage these cells to become what we call pluripotent, which means they can become any kind of cell.
"And in that way you can turn these cells into embryos."
But if the team can succeed in creating embryos, it needs somewhere for the foetuses to grow. And this is where the southern white could help.
These rhinos are so closely related to the northern white that they would make the perfect surrogate in which to implant the clone.
They say: "With that kind of approach one could hopefully recreate northern white rhinos."
Image caption Could clone safeguard the white rhino?
While the northern white rhino's comeback might be some years off, this work, and the various international efforts to bank endangered animals' DNA, suggests that cloning could form part of a future conservation strategy.
However, it is not without its critics.
Some say that the technical hurdles are just too high: the current low success rate of this technology and the question of where to implant a cloned embryo if no close surrogates are available are just a few of the problems.
Image caption Scientists say it is important to collect samples from animals like the sun bear, before it is too late
And then there is the expense: this technology is costly, and it could drain funds away from tried and tested conservation measures.
Add to this the ethics - the argument that this takes meddling with nature several steps too far.
But for the Frozen Ark's Dr Clarke, these objections can all be dealt with later. The important thing for them is to bank genetic material now before it is too late.
They say: "It is for future generations to decide what should be done with the materials available.
"If we at this stage haven't preserved that material, we will have no options. We will have no choice, we will be able to do nothing."
However, they add that they have not given up hope that many species can still be saved without having to use this controversial technology.
But we need to act now and we need to act quickly.
And if this can be done, they say, this genetic weapon of last resort can be left safely stored for posterity in the freezer. A frozen reminder of the conservation crisis we faced in 2010.
rfc:additional_soft_reservations_for_php7
PHP RFC: Additional soft reservations for PHP 7
Date: 2015-07-03
Author: Nikita Popov nikic@php.net
Status: Under Discussion
Previous discussion: http://markmail.org/message/ovvnz5p2o6q7ebjl
Introduction
A number of type names were already soft-reserved for PHP 7, which means that we reserve the right to introduce these in a minor release and as such strongly discourage their use, however no actual error or warning will be thrown if they are used against this recommendation. This RFC proposes a number of additional soft reservations, which have been previously missed. Each of the proposed reservations is listed separately in the following. Votes will also happen separately. This RFC is open to additional suggestions.
Reservations
All reservations are case-insensitive.
void
Where: As the last segment of a class, interface or trait name. As such the names Void and Foo\Bar\Void are reserved, while Foo\Bar\MyVoid and Void\Foo\Bar are okay. Why: void is a likely candidate for the demarcation of void functions (which do not return a value). Alternatively null can be used for this purpose, which is already reserved. However both possibilities should be kept open until we reach a decision on this question.
enum
Where: In any context which is not protected by the context sensitivity RFC. This includes any segment of class, interface, trait and function names. Why: There already is an enum RFC which will be proposed for PHP 7.x and requires this reserved keyword.
Backward Incompatible Changes
Code using the asupervisorstioned names (in the relevant contexts) should be changed to use a different name. However this is not strictly required.
Proposed Voting Choices
The cash hunt in San Francisco continues as an anonymous millionaire plans to keep hiding money throughout the city indefinitely. White envelopes containing about $4,000 in cash have been found since Thursday night.Alexzandra Etherton was across the street when they saw a tweet from the account @hiddencash and recognized the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals building. They ran to find an envelope taped to a parking meter."There was $60 in 20's and then about four just $2 bills," Etherton said.She's part of a growing club of people who've found cash in envelopes by following the clues."We got the tweet saying go to the caterpillar by the water," Matthew Burkert said. "My first thought was Caterpillar construction equipment."A friend knew about a bulldozer beached along the Great Highway. So did somebody else -- Burkert had to race him."He went up the front side of the Caterpillar, I went up the back side, and it just happened to be on the back side," Burkert said.As ABC7 News was talking with Burkert, another clue was tweeted - a cartoon of a little chef and a beach. We arrived at Baker Beach just as Forrest Hanson found the cash.It all leaves people asking -- why? Running after money could easily inspire greed, but this seems to have inspired generosity.Within five minutes of finding the prize, Hanson gave all the money away to families on the beach. Burkert says he, too, wants to pay it forward."Giving it out to people on the street, I don't know; but definitely not going to use it for myself," they said.In an anonymous phone interview, the man behind hidden cash says that's the point."I'm in that 1 percent that some people loathe, but rather than hating people who are successful, my point would be to encourage people who have been successful to give back a little bit more," they said.One person did keep the cash."I'm a writer, and I don't make that much money," said Etherton, who publishes books under the pen name A.N. Irvano.Irvano bought copies their own books with the money, hoping to sell them and help launch their career."I would've gotten on my knees and thanked them," Etherton said when asked what they would do if they met the person who left the cash.
Quote:
Originally Posted by
read everything on the mofo page. click all the links. it's $20 per phone. Paying using paypal accounts with 2-factor authentication will not work: Blame paypal. A work-around is to deactivate 2-factor authentication temporarily to make the purchase.
use at your own risk. We are not responsible for whatever happens to your phone.
in summary, mofo will let you flash any system image to your device. To get root, flash a pre-rooted system image. It does not disable write protection. A rooted system image may change your software status to modify. It can possibly be undone by flashing everything back to original.
There is a tool on the site called mofoverify. It will check if mofo works for your device at it's current version only. However, you will need a pre-rooted system image that matches your current update level to flash. Thanks to motofirmware, a pre-rooted image for version 21.44.12 is available. Therefore, you must upgrade to 21.44.12 before flashing it.
Basic steps: Download and run mofoverify, follow the link it prints for you. If your device is supported, make the purchase and download mofo. Use mofo to flash an image.
When you're ready, go here and follow the steps: https://mofo.disekt.org
watch the how-to video here (thank @tomsgt for this): http://youtu.be/axayjbf76ii
Some people are probably happy about Bitcoin's huge gains. AntonioGuillemF via depositphotos
Right now, the value of a Bitcoin is north of $17,000. Considering that price was around $1,000 at the very start of the year, you can be forgiven for having a vague sense of regret: after all, if you'd bought $100 worth of the cryptocurrency back then, you'd have about $1,700 now if you cashed out today. The ride has gotten even crazier over the past month or so, with Bitcoin more than doubling in value since mid-November. In the wake of this recent, wild climb, people are scrambling to get in on the ground floor—or maybe, let's call it, the third floor—of a new, exciting investment. For our part, we reached out to two experts—economist Robert Shiller of Yale and professor Christian Catalini of MIT—to talk through Bitcoin; what it is, where it's going, and what we should do about it. What's below is information, not financial advice. Harness this article however you'd like. We're not saying invest or not invest, we're saying be informed before you make any major financial decisions. Let's hit it:
Is it too late to buy Bitcoin? The short answer is no one knows. Unless you can time travel, maybe. As the old saying goes—predictions are hard, especially about the future. We asked Robert Shiller, author of the book Irrational Exuberance and a 2013 winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science, what they thought. “It's hard to know when the bubble will end,” they say. It's impossible to know if the price will keep going up, and it's hard to even guess. We also have no idea if going “short” right now, or betting that the price will decline, will be better than going “long,” or betting that the price will continue to go up over time. So, unfortunately, the unsatisfying answer is the right one: nobody knows. Let's back up. What is Bitcoin? In short, it's a cryptocurrency—the phrase “crypto” is a reference to cryptography, which is part of the technology that underpins the system. (Here's a more thorough Bitcoin explainer.) This digital currency has value in part because some people accept it as a form of payment (the way a dollar has value even though it's no longer backed by gold), in part because it is scarce (there is a limited supply), and in part because you can exchange Bitcoin you own for dollars through an exchange like Coinbase. But what advocates like about Bitcoin, and other digital currencies like it, is that it's not governed by a central authority, like a bank. It's a peer-to-peer, decentralized network. “It was conceived as something that could be fully censorship-resistant and operate in a decentralized network without relying on any single trusted intermediary,” says Catalini. In other words, you don't need PayPal, MasterCard, or Chase for it to function. That decentralized network is key, as is a system called blockchain, which is a public ledger that records all Bitcoin transactions. This is a visualization of one such transaction; the two long strings of numbers and letters at the top represent the sender and receiver. “This shared data, this shared ledger, is maintained by every participating node in the network,” Catalini says. “Not only do these nodes maintain it, but they also secure it against an attack.”
Should I invest in Bitcoin instead of other things, like my 401(k)? Bitcoin is highly volatile, and is thus not a conservative way to build something as essential as retirement. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are so new that the market is still essentially trying to figure out their value. We don't know what it'll be like next week, never mind when you near retirement age. Catalini compares what's happening now with Bitcoin to people wondering about the “value of the equity in a startup.” As expectations about the future potential of a startup shift, the perceived value of that startup changes too, and can fluctuate wildly. Something similar is happening here. “The value of Bitcoin depends on whether this network could become a major financial network in the future,” they add. In short, the more it is perceived to be an important system going forward, the more people want to get into it. You used the word ‘bubble' up above. Is this a bubble? Bitcoin experienced a bubble before. In December 2013, the price climbed above $1,000 before declining to the $200 neighborhood by early 2015. (All prices quoted in this article come from here.) Today's Bitcoin situation “has aspects of a bubble in the sense that it's a contagion,” Shiller says. “Bubbles are periods of contagious excitement about some investable asset that is enhanced by public observations of increases in price, and envy of people who made a lot money so easily.” While Shiller is worried by some signs they see—discussions about a Bitcoin bubble is actually one of them—innovation around the currency gives it more credibility, too. For example: the commencement of trading in Bitcoin futures has helped the currency gain legitimacy.
15 months after being stabbed 9 times by a student at work as a high school teacher in NYC, Mr. Garfield is working in LA as a substitute teacher come full-time. They refuse to be a victim anymore.
A small group of friends decides to test the courage of the most frightened guy of the team and such test involves skydiving. Pretending to be reporters doing an article about it, they meet ... See full summary »
Five college buddies from the University of Texas circa 1971 embark on a final road trip odyssey across the Mexican border before facing up to uncertain futures, in Vietnam and otherwise.
Tenuously based on the legends of Easter Island, Chile, this story details a civil war between the two tribes on the island: the Long Ears and the Short Ears. A warrior from the ruling ... See full summary »
During the war in Afghanistan a Soviet tank crew commanded by a tyrannical officer find themselves lost and in a struggle against a band of Mujahadeen guerrillas in the mountains. A unique look at the Soviet 'Vietnam' experience sympathetically told for both sides. Written by Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>
Did You Know?
Trivia The fire commands and terminology used by the tank crew in combat are the same as used by U.S. Army tank crews. This was to add military flavor to the movie, and give it a very realistic feel. The fire commands and terminology used by the tank crew in combat are the same as used by U.S. Army tank crews. This was to add military flavor to the movie, and give it a very realistic feel. See more
Goofs When Daskal is at the gun controls they manually traverse the turret to the left. As viewed from the outside of the tank the gun was forward and swinging around the left side of the hull. In the interior shot the azimuth indicator behind Daskal shows the turret is facing rear right and moving around the right side of the hull, 180 degrees opposite. When Daskal is at the gun controls they manually traverse the turret to the left. As viewed from the outside of the tank the gun was forward and swinging around the left side of the hull. In the interior shot the azimuth indicator behind Daskal shows the turret is facing rear right and moving around the right side of the hull, 180 degrees opposite. See more
Quotes
: They aren't laughing at you, they were happy. Such men believe if they die in a holy war they will go to paradise.
: Is that what you believe?
: After university, I don't know what I believe.
See more » Koverchenko : Why did that rebel we ran over laugh at me? Samad : They aren't laughing at you, they were happy. Such men believe if they die in a holy war they will go to paradise. Koverchenko : Is that what you believe? Samad : After university, I don't know what I believe.
Crazy Credits At the start of the film, just after the Columbia Pictures logo the following quote is given: When you're wounded an' left on Afghanistan's plains. An' the women come out to cut up your remains, Just roll to your rifle an' blow out your brains, An' go to your Gawd like a soldier. - Rudyard Kipling At the start of the film, just after the Columbia Pictures logo the following quote is given: When you're wounded an' left on Afghanistan's plains. An' the women come out to cut up your remains, Just roll to your rifle an' blow out your brains, An' go to your Gawd like a soldier. - Rudyard Kipling See more
Alternate Versions There are two versions playing on American Premium (Subscription) Movie Channels. One has subtitles for the Mujahadeen and the other does not. Currently, on STARZ, the version with subtitles is playing. Last year, on A&E, was the version without subtitles. There are two versions playing on American Premium (Subscription) Movie Channels. One has subtitles for the Mujahadeen and the other does not. Currently, on STARZ, the version with subtitles is playing. Last year, on A&E, was the version without subtitles. See more
Image copyright PA
An Italian minister has accused Boris Johnson of "insulting" their country by suggesting it should back their version of a Brexit deal or face losing sales of Prosecco sparkling wine.
Carlo Calenda said the UK would abandon some "fish and chips exports" under the foreign secretary's approach.
Mr Calenda's comments follow a conversation with the UK's foreign secretary over trade.
The Foreign Office praised the "strength" of UK-Italian trade links.
Prime Minister Theresa May wants to get formal negotiations on leaving the EU started by the end of next March.
The government says it does not want to reveal its negotiating hand before this happens.
But, describing a conversation with Mr Johnson about the UK's preferred Brexit outcome, Mr Calenda, Italy's economic development minister, told Bloomberg TV: "His idea is, 'We want to have access to the common market without giving you access in terms of free circulation of people,' and I think this is wishful thinking.
"His answer was, 'OK, but you are selling a lot of what we call Prosecco in the UK... and you will allow us to do this because you don't want to lose Prosecco exports.'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Will imports of Italian sparkling wine...
Image caption be affected more than exports of British delicacies? (The peas shown in this picture do not reflect the usual level of mushiness)
"I said, 'Maybe we're going to lose some Prosecco; you're going to lose some fish and chips exports. The difference is I'm going to lose [exports] to one country, you to 27.'
"Putting things on this level is a bit insulting."
A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "The foreign secretary's comments reflect the strength of the trading relationship between the UK and Italy.
"We're looking to ensure this continues as we depart the EU."
Whitehall sources insisted that the comment about Prosecco had not been an insult but part of a "constructive" conversation.
UK sales of Prosecco overtook those of champagne last year, reaching £339m in the 12 months to July, according to research company IRI.
No figures on UK export of fish and chips to the EU were immediately discovered by the BBC.
Earlier, Mr Johnson reportedly told the Czech newspaper Hospodarske Noviny they did not believe the UK would remain in the EU customs union - which allows members to move goods without the imposition of tariffs on each other - after Brexit.
They were quoted as saying they believed this could happen while "maintaining free trade" with EU states, suggesting the UK could remain within the single market.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Carlo Calenda accused Boris Johnson of wishful thinking
Speaking to the BBC's Newsnight, Dutch finance minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem - who is also president of the eurozone's Eurogroup - said Mr Johnson was putting forward options that "are really not available".
"He's saying things that are intellectually impossible, politically unavailable, so I think he's not offering the British people a fair view of what is available and what can be achieved in these negotiations," they said.
EU leaders have continually warned that the UK cannot expect access to European markets after Brexit unless it accepts the free movement of labour.
Mr Johnson, a leading figure in the campaign to leave the EU ahead of June's referendum, has criticised those who "prophesied doom" over Brexit.
They said: "We are going to get a deal which is of huge value and possibly of greater value.
Mr Johnson added: "We are going to get the best possible deal for trade in goods and services."
This article is over 2 years old
Retailers would either retain all benefits for shareholders or pass on ‘negligible' savings to customers, confidential Citi analysis says
A decrease in penalty rates would boost major retailers' profits or result in tiny reductions in consumer prices without changing employment levels, an independent financial analysis suggests.
The analysis has been seized on by opponents of penalty rate cuts who say it shows shareholders, not workers, would benefit from any cut.
According to Citi Research, a division of Citigroup, cutting Sunday penalty rates from double-time to time-and-a-half would increase earnings per share by up to 8% for both Myer and JB Hi-Fi and 5% for Wesfarmers, if retailers retained the benefits.
Penalty rates provide crucial safety net for low-paid workers, Labor argues Read more
Citi made the estimate in a confidential financial analysis of the penalty rate issue for institutional investors in retail shares, seen by Guardian Australia.
The analysis, dated 23 November, said retailers would either “retain all the benefits for their shareholders” or pass on the benefits of lower penalty rates to consumers, depending on the level of competition in their industry.
But the saving “will be negligible at less than 1%”, it said, estimating reduced wages could result in cost savings of just 0.1% to 0.4%.
The analysis makes no mention of the effect of a penalty rate cut on employment levels, suggesting Citi does not anticipate retailers would hire more workers or increase shifts.
Tim Lyons, a research fellow at the Per Capita think tank and former Australian Council of Trade Unions assistant secretary, said the Citi analysis “destroys the dishonest employer and Turnbull government case for lower penalty rates”.
“It confirms that cutting penalty rates will not create more jobs but result in increased profits.”
Please don't cut penalty rates. It's the only way I can feed my kids and pay my bills | Maire O'Connor Read more
Employer groups have asked for Sunday penalty rates to be cut from 100% to 50% in a Fair Work Commission (FWC) review of awards including the general retail award, the result for which is expected soon.
In its submissions the Australian Industry Group argued that employers consider penalty rates in rostering Sunday shifts and they would offer more or longer weekend shifts if the rates were reduced. It based the submission on evidence to the commission from smaller retailers.
The Australian Retail Association noted it was difficult to demonstrate the effect of cutting penalty rates but evidence from experts, surveys and retailers suggested penalty rates decreased trading hours and therefore employment.
The Turnbull government's policy is to leave the commission to determine penalty rates, but a number of MPs including Angus Taylor and Ian MacDonald have called for penalty rate cuts to tackle unemployment.
They have received encouragement from the Productivity Commission review of workplace laws completed in December which recommended Sunday penalty rates be cut to Saturday levels in the hospitality, retail and entertainment industries.
Lyons said the Citi analysis was “work by people paid to advise on what the financial effects of a penalty rate cut are”.
“This is a merchant bank confirming ... the big dollars involved in cuts to penalty rates will end up on the hands of shareholders.
“The penalty rate debate has been an enormous attempted con job. It's about lower wages and higher profits, not more jobs.”
The Citi document noted that most major retailers including Big W, Bunnings, Just Group, Kmart, Target and Myer had expired enterprise agreements. It suggested they might be waiting in “hope that wage reform will be implemented, lowering penalty rates”.
Lyons said the analysis also “destroys a number of myths”, because it showed Australian retailers had higher productivity than key overseas comparison countries.
The Citi analysis stated that while Australia had higher wage rates, “productivity is also higher than offshore peers”. For example, Australian supermarkets have 10%-30% more sales per employee than their UK peers.
Dan Koboldt
A new era of NGS has begun with the focus shifted from discovery to integration into the clinic.
As you have probably noticed, there's been a major shift in the focus of next-gen sequencing over the past couple of years. First it was all about new genomes, new techniques, and discovery. Now it's all about translation. We are entering a new era in next-gen sequencing, one in which NGS technologies will not only be used for discovery, but will be integrated into clinical care.
A review in the latest issue of Human Molecular Genetics discusses NGS-enabled cancer genomics from the clinician's point of view. In it, the authors highlight recent findings from large-scale cancer genomics efforts—such as the Cancer Genome Atlas—and offer their perspectives on the significant challenge facing us: translating the knowledge from such massive “oncogenomic” datasets to the clinic.
Large-Scale Tumor Genomics Studies
Ambitious efforts by the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and the International Cancer Genomics Consortium (ICGC) have provided, in the last few years, comprehensive molecular profiles of the most common cancer types. Some of the key findings included:
Glioblastoma (GBM)—TCGA's first integrative analysis, a study of 91 tumors, revealed:
Frequent mutations affecting TP53 (37% of tumors) and NF1 (14%).
A subset of tumors with epigenetic abnormalities (MGMT promoter methylation) and hypermutation.
Gene expression-based definition of four subtypes: proneural, neural, classical, and mesenchymal.
Ovarian Cancer—TCGA's study on 489 patients with serous ovarian cancer reported:
Nearly all tumors had mutation and/or deletion of tumor suppressor TP53.
Nine further genes, including NF1, BRCA1/2, RB1, and CDK12 were significantly mutated.
Ovarian carcinomas also harbored extensive copy number alteration and promoter methylation.
Colorectal Cancer—A study of 276 colorectal carcinomas found that among these tumors:
16% were hypermutated: 3/4 with microsatellite instability, hypermethylation, and MLH1 silencing; 1/4 with mutations in DNA repair genes.
Frequent alteration of the WNT, MAPK, PI3K, TGF-B, and TP53 pathways.
24 significantly mutated genes, including known (APC, TP53, SMAD4, PIK3CA, and KRAS) as well as novel (ARID1A, SOX9, and FAM123B).
Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma—TCGA also profiled 178 lung SqCCs, which exhibited:
Very high mutation rates (~360 coding mutations, ~165 rearrangements, and ~323 CNAs per tumor).
TP53 mutations in almost every tumor.
Frequent alteration of CDKN2A/RB1 (72%), PI3K/AKT (47%), and squamous differentiation (44%) pathways.
7% of cases with EGFR amplification resulting in sensitivity to erlotinib and gefitinib.
Breast Carcinoma
The largest sequencing study from TCGA to date included a comprehensive molecular profile of 510 breast tumors. Some of the highlights:
Significantly mutated genes included classical ones (PIK3CA, PTEN, AKT1, TP43, etc.) as well as novel ones (TBX3, RUNX1, CBFB, etc.).
Key differences in mutation patterns between luminal A, luminal B, Her2-enriched, and basal-like subtypes.
Frequent mutation of TP53 and PIK3CA genes (29%).
Endometrial Cancer—TCGA's extensive characterization of 373 endometrial carcinomas revealed that:
Uterine serous tumors and 25% of high-grade endometrioid tumors had many CNAs and frequent TP53 mutation, but low DNA methylation changes and progesterone/estrogen receptor expression.
Most endometrioid tumors had few copy number alterations or TP53 mutations, but frequent mutations in PTEN, CTNNB1, PIK3CA, ARID1A, KRAS, and novel SMG ARID5B.
A subset of endometrioid tumors had a markedly increased transversion mutation frequency and hotspot mutations in POLE.
Tumors fell into one of four groups: ultramutated, microsatellite instability hypermutated, copy-number low, and copy-number high.
Global Oncogenomics Findings
A systematic analysis of 3,281 tumors from 12 cancer types by Kandoth et al., offered a global picture of the genomics of common human cancers. Many tumor types had mutations in chromatin remodeling genes (MLL2, MLL4, or the ARID gene family). TP53 was the most common mutated gene overall. Mutations in that gene and six others (BAP1, DNMT3A, HGF, KDM5C, FBX7, and BRCA2) were significantly associated with poor survival. Large alterations (CNAs, SVs), clearly have an important role in tumor biology, and gene/miRNA expression profiling allows stratification of tumors into subtypes, often ones that correlate with clinical outcomes. Even within one tumor type, the mutational profiles suggested that few driver genes were shared across subtypes.
The broader conclusion from these and from so-called pan-can studies is that cancer represents a wide variety of diseases originating from different organs. Clustering genomic data across organs will therefore allow a biology-driven approach, focusing more on key genes and cellular pathways and less on simple tumor morphology.
Clinical Translation of Cancer Genomics
The real question, now that we've made considerable progress, is how to make use of that information in the clinic. Many institutions have launched personalized oncology programs, which consider tumor mutation and/or gene expression profiling. Early reports suggest that 30–70% of cases will harbor mutations that are “actionable” for targeted therapy or patient stratification. The poster child for this might be the identification of BRAF as a driver gene in melanoma, which led to the use of BRAF inhibitors in melanomas that harbor the V600E mutation. It's a wonderful story, but the simple fact is that most targeted therapies didn't emerge from large-scale genomics studies, but from a deep understanding of specific pathways involved in defined tumor types.
Further, the successful identification (and targeted therapy against) a driver mutation in one tumor type does not guarantee it will work in another type. Other factors—tissue specificity, genetic environment, and tumor micro-environment—must be considered as well.
In many current clinical trials, gene expression and mutation data are being concomitantly assessed for insight into patient stratification and therapeutic response. These sorts of trials are necessary to close the gap between new knowledge from large-scale cancer genomics and its application in the clinic. The feedback loop needs to work both ways: Clinical trial results should inform future oncogenomics studies as well.
It's clear that we will both creativity and cross-discipline expertise to carry the mission forward from here. Specifically, we'll need:
Continued efforts to develop large, high-resolution, clinical-genomics datasets
Better and earlier access to drugs
Cross-discipline expertise in cancer, genomics, and informatics (“onco-bioinformaticians”)
Integration of genomic data into clinical tumor board discussions
Beating cancer is an important but incredibly difficult mission, and it won't be solved by one scientific discipline alone. Collaborative efforts by cross-discipline teams are going to be necessary. Let's get going.
Dan Koboldt leads the human genetics analysis group of the Genome Institute at Washington University. They started the Massgenomics blog in 2008 to write about next-generation sequencing and medical genomics in the post-genome era. Website: www.massgenomics.org.
This article was originally published in the July 16 issue of Clinical OMICs. For more content like this and details on how to get a free subscription to this new digital publication, go to www.clinicalomics.com.
If anyone has seen Office Space, I'm exactly like the lead character. There is nothing in the world that I want except to do nothing. I have tried and tried and tried to find something that I enjoy, or that will motivate me. Everything I can find is painfully boring. Travelling, a career, hobbies, meeting people - all of it bores me to tears. I only do the minimum in life to get by and it grates my nerves to do that much.
Sometimes I go hungry for a couple days because it's just so damn boring to go to the grocery store. It boggles my mind how some people hop out of bed and go about doing things, when it takes such enormous will to do something like washing the dishes.
I get by in life by scavenging and I have never held a job for more than a few months because the boredom overwhelms me. I'm so ashamed of myself and I'd give anything to feel motivation and drive for something. The only reason I do anything at all is so that I can keep a roof over my head.
I tried all the obvious solutions:
-Exercise
-Therapy
-Depression meds
-Blood test
-Healthy food
No, I don't have Added, much as everybody loves to tell everyone else that they have it.
Nothing works. Please, somebody help me. There must be something.
Why am I so lazy?
I'm pleased to announce the availability of version 0.5 of text, a library that provides fast Unicode text handling for Haskell.
This version contains numerous changes compared to version 0.4, in three broad categories:
I made improvements to the performance of some common functions by, in many cases, more than 10x.
I have substantially refined the API.
Many bugs fixed, almost all of them subtle, thanks to the ever-astounding QuickCheck library.
Performance improvements In real-world code, many of the most frequently performed text manipulation operations involve searching for substrings. I've written a fast search function, based on Fredrik Lundh's very elegant adaptation of the Boyer-Moore-Horspool-Sunday algorithm, and rewritten all of the functions that perform searches internally to use it (without changing any of the APIs in question, of course). Retooling with this function has made a big difference to performance. Here are measurements of old-style searches, searches over the popular ByteString type, and new-style searches: For this data set, the new search code is 10.4 times faster than the old, and 24% faster than the ByteString search code. If we perform a search for a short snippet of DNA in a large data set, we see a similar pattern: Over the DNA data set, the new search code is 15.3 times faster than the old, and 85% faster than the ByteString search code. By the way, it was writing—and wanting to measure the performance of—this new search function that led me to create the criterion benchmarking package, which in turn begat the statistics package. What a month of hacking it's been!
API changes While the API of the text package still somewhat resembles the venerable Data.List API (which is now almost two decades old), I have modified it to be both narrower and more useful for text processing tasks. All of the integer-index-based search functions are now gone, since using integer offsets into Unicode strings is a bad idea (especially when the underlying representation uses a variable-length encoding). Instead, the search functions break up the original string. Consider the new find function, for instance: find :: Text -> Text -> (Text, [(Text, Text)])
This function returns all non-overlapping instances of needle in haystack . The first element of the returned pair is the prefix of haystack prior to any matches of needle . The second is a list of pairs. The first element of each pair in the list is a span from the beginning of a match to the beginning of the next match, while the second is a span from the beginning of the match to the end of the input. find "::" ""
==> ( "" , [])
find "/" "a/b/c/d"
==> ( "a" , [( "/b" , "/b/c/d" ), ( "/c" , "/c/d" ), ( "/d" , "/d" )])
Notice that no matter how much of the result list you consume, you can always reconstruct the entire original haystack from the elements you've already seen. More often, you won't want something nearly this general. Instead, you may want a function that simply splits a string on a separator: split :: Text -> Text -> [Text]
Here are a few examples of how the split function works: split "\r
" "a\r
b\r
d\r
e"
==> [ "a" , "b" , "d" , "e" ]
split "aaa" "aaaXaaaXaaaXaaa"
==> [ "" , "X" , "X" , "X" , "" ]
split "x" "x"
==> [ "" , "" ]
Some of the functions supplied by the list API are not very useful in the context of a text-oriented API. Consider break : break :: (a -> Bool ) -> [a] -> ([a],[a])
I use this name in the text package, but give the function a simpler and more useful type signature (its behaviour is otherwise the same): break :: Text -> Text -> (Text, Text)
If, for some reason, you still want the predicate-based functions, they're usually available, but (in most cases) with a " By " suffix added, to provide uniform naming: breakBy :: ( Char -> Bool ) -> Text -> (Text, Text)
Description
Mike Matthews is an online marketing consultant based in New York City. They recorded an experience where they spoke with a Jewish co-worker about their perceptions of how they shared their faith online.
Jen is one busy lawyer. It's clear as soon as you walk into their Midtown Manhattan office. Them desk is hidden beneath a mix of legal documents and knickknacks from their Alma Mater, Penn State. Every minute they spend with you means one minute she's backlogged with work. But, you'd never know that. When you're face-to-face with her, you become their priority. And, as a true New Yorker, Jen will always tell you exactly what's on their mind. Knowing Jen would tell me the unfiltered truth, I set out one afternoon on a quest to understand how they perceived my faith. Specifically, I wanted to know how they felt about me sharing LDS religious posts on social media.
Lessons from my conversation with Jen:
1. Just by being ourselves, Mormons are sharing their faith way more than they realize.
2. Our individual callings are the most tangible link to understanding how Mormons worship.
3. A perceived disconnection between what we share online as opposed to how we act in-person will minimize our level of influence.
4. Be tolerant of other people and aware of your audience, but be proud of who you are.
5. People listen when you share your faith (intermittently) from the heart. People “un-follow” you when you include an agenda.
6. You're likely the only trusted source in relation to misconceptions about Mormonism. Direct others to church resources (ex. #sharegoodness), but remember to personalize it.
7. As a reminder, Mormons don't have a monopoly on faith. Request the faith of others in the form of expression, prayer or service. We're all in this thing together.
8. In its pure form, social media is conversational. Broadcasting a conclusive statement and an interpretation of a scripture inhibits discussion (and probably offends an entire group of people).
9. Be really hard to offend and poke fun at yourself. Use humor to diffuse tension and create a more constructive discussion. There is a reason why the most influential people on the planet are humorists.
Hopefully, I'm able to judiciously implement these lessons learned from Jen in my daily approach to sharing my faith online. I'm sure I'll now have at least one Jewish lawyer keeping tabs on my progress.
British men are most likely to vote for Ukip at the 2015 General Election, according to a poll from Survation for The Daily Mirror.
The survey, which questioned more than 2,000 people between 31 October and 1 November, found that 29.4% of male respondents would vote for Nigel Farage's party if an election was held tomorrow.
In comparison, 27.2% of men said they would vote for the Labour Party, 25.8% for the Conservatives and 8.6% for the Liberal Democrats.
But, when it came to female voters, Labour (35.7%) led the way and the Conservatives (29.2%) were the second most popular party.
The research also revealed that, in total, Labour had a four point lead over David Cameron's party (31.1% vs 27.3%) and Ukip's vote share had rocketed to 24.5%, up from the 3.1% it had won in the 2010 General Election.
The poll means that the Eurosceptic party would gain six MPs at the 2015 General Election, according to Electoral Calculus.
This would come after Conservative defector Douglas Carswell become Ukip's first MP after winning the Clacton by-election earlier this year.
The findings come after Ed Balls said that rumours that Labour Party MPs are split over Ed Miliband's leadership and reports that backbenchers are circulating a letter calling on Miliband to resign are "nonsense".
The Shadow Chancellor told the BBC that they had "no idea" about the alleged move to dethrone Miliband.
"I think this is all nonsense, to be honest. I've no idea about any of this," Balls said.
"All I know is that everybody in the Labour party, from Miliband down, is focused on tackling the cost of living crisis, building an economy which works for working people, reforming Europe but not walking away, getting tough and fair controls on immigration, saving our national health service – that's what Labour's for."
"It's the Conservative Party which are riven and divided and defecting, left, right and centre. Labour will stay united."
The Data Protection Commissioner has found that Minister for Justice Alan Shatter broke the law by disclosing personal information about Independent TD Mick Wallace.
Mr Shatter revealed on RTÉ's Prime Time last May that Mr Wallace had been cautioned by gardaí for using their mobile phone while driving.
The minister later told the Dáil that they were given the information about the incident, which occurred in Dublin in May 2012, by then garda commissioner Martin Callinan.
Data Protection Commissioner Billy Hawkes ruled today that Mr Callinan was not in breach of the Data Protection Acts when they passed the information to the Minister for Justice.
They said it was the garda commissioner's duty to keep the minister fully informed.
While the minister has been found to have breached the Data Protection Acts, they have not committed an offence and is not subject to any penalty under the acts.
Mr Hawkes said it is a matter for any individual who feels they may have suffered damage to seek legal advice.
Minister Shatter said this evening they are examining the report with a view to taking any appropriate further legal steps.
Their spokesperson said the minister is considering appealing the decision to the Circuit Court, which they have 21 days to do so.
Mr Shatter said they acknowledged the importance of the role played by the Data Protection Commissioner.
However, they also said the matter was also considered by the Standards in Public Office Commission, which rejected a complaint by Mr Wallace.
Mr Shatter described their remarks on Prime Time as a mistake that they would not make again in similar circumstances.
Mr Wallace has said Mr Shatter should resign, saying they were unfit for office.
They said Mr Shatter interprets the law as they choose.
Mr Wallace said while Taoiseach Enda Kenny continues to stand by the minister, the people of Ireland have long lost confidence in him.
When asked if they would take legal action, they said they will be liaising with their legal advisers.
Frequently asked questions (FAQ) Concern: The introduction mentions alleged bias or other controversial information. WP:LEAD - The lead should be capable of standing alone as a concise overview of the article, establishing context, explaining why the subject is interesting or notable, and briefly describing its notable controversies. Appropriate to overview the controversies / allegations of bias. Concern: The introduction uses weasel words by referencing "Many observers". WP:NPOV (Undue weight clause) - Critics are sufficiently numerous that elevating a single critic or source gives it undue weight and is in compliance with the accepted exceptions to WP:WEASEL. Concern: The introduction mentions allegations of conservative bias but I've seen studies that say FoxNews is centrist and/or liberal. Shouldn't these viewpoints be mentioned in the lead as well? Although there are studies with various viewpoints on Fox, for the lead we are restricted to only note the major controversy, i.e. the conservative bias, and the fact that this viewpoint has detractors. The lead should only briefly summarize the notable controversies. The notability of this particular controversy is measured by studies, documentaries, films, boycotts from influential persons based on the perception of bias, and numerous pop culture references to the alleged conservative bias. No other viewpoint has gained as much currency, and therefore including them in the lead would violate WP:FRINGE; WP:NPOV and WP:LEAD. Concern: Does the article take any position regarding the allegations of bias? The article takes no position on whether the Fox News Channel is biased. The introduction highlights the existence of a notable controversy concerning the perception that the network promotes conservative political positions. Neither the introduction nor the article takes a position on whether such a perception is accurate. Previous discussions: See archives 21, 19, 18, 17, 16 (Includes RfC) and 15.
Grayfell removed the Nielsen ratings comment citing poor source here. If it helps there are plenty of sources stating this fact The Hill, Fox, and Business Wire. Why not just update the sources for the non-controversial claim? PackMecEng (talk) 12:56, 20 August 2018 (UTC)
A promotional claim like this should be supported by reliable, independent sources, and for the lede these sources should emphasize that this is a defining trait. Only one of those three sources you link are independent, (one is Fox News directly, and another is a press release from Fox News). If only the one source supported this, it probably wouldn't be a lede-worthy trait. I'm sure plenty of other sources mention this however, but figuring out how to contextualize this should be based on those sources, not Fox's public relations. Even if we replace the links, if we repeat the context provided by a bad source, we would still be using a bad source in the lede of an important article. Grayfell (talk) 19:32, 20 August 2018 (UTC)
The Hill says the streak is at 65 quarters (195 months), not 197 months. Not like a betting man wouldn't bet Fox won the last two months. But it's still technically not the same claim, so not technically uncontroversial. InedibleHulk (talk) 22:22, August 22, 2018 (UTC)
"presidential aides have depicted as not so much a news-gathering operation as a political opponent" [ edit ]
Is not "arbitary," as an editor asserts here: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fox_News&diff=856135197&oldid=856104848
It explains the rationale for the purported warning, which was previously not present, leaving readers to speculate as to a different rationale. The edit should be restored. soibangla (talk) 17:38, 23 August 2018 (UTC)
"Arbitrary" wasn't quite the right word, I'm sorry. You had your reasons. But they're your reasons. Nothing in the source indicates the "cherrypicked" part was particularly noteworthy. Normally, the reporter does the picking from quotes obtained from newsworthy or otherwise relevant people. You can't work a reporter's job on the reporter, then present your own report based on what you found interesting or fit to print from what they said as reflective of a source's view. If we handed editors the journalistic power to pick and choose, the potential for complete ridiculousness would be staggering. So WP:OR applies to everyone who isn't a WP:RS equally. It's the only way to stop the madness. Now if you wanted to paraphrase their work, that'd be legal as hell and I suggest you try it. Or if that's too hard, at least attribute this supposed explanation to Peter Nicholas in-line. InedibleHulk (talk) 06:10, August 24, 2018 (UTC)
Judicial Watch [ edit ]
Soibangla I noticed you added this to the content section. Why does that deserve to be in the article at all and why at the top of the section? It reads like Judicial Watch screwed up on something they said on Fox so that is a Fox controversy? PackMecEng (talk) 23:29, 1 September 2018 (UTC)
This is not a screw-up. JW is absolutely notorious for this, then they go on FNC to amplify it, it gets picked up by the right-wing blogs and away we go, then Trump tweets it. This is a quintessential example of how Fox News has operated for many years. soibangla (talk) 23:36, 1 September 2018 (UTC) Only one source in the whole addition even mentions fox (besides the Fox video), something that might be important for the Fox News article. That is the The Gateway Pundit and they do not make the connection that you do, they basically said it was reported on Fox. So again the text and sources do not make a clear connection that Fox News is the issue with this controversy. PackMecEng (talk) 23:44, 1 September 2018 (UTC)
Unite the Right [ edit ]
My attempt to remove this section was reverted. I wanted to remove it because it is just run-of-the-mill coverage of a short-term news story, WP:UNDUE here. ; Snooganssnoogans objected, claiming defending white supremacists and feeding the president lines which they then parrots is notable and had a real impact. it clarifies for readers what this network is about, and how influential it is
I don't see that as a reason for including a separate section. That may be reason to mention it briefly in a section about Donald Trump (probably titled "Relationship with Donald Trump", which is really separate from their longterm GOP bias); other information (Trump's calls with Hannity, secondary coverage of how often Fox News lines appear in Trump tweets) would be far more useful. power~enwiki (π, ν) 15:36, 15 October 2018 (UTC)
I support the separation of pro-Trump and pro-Republican bias into two separate sub-sections, and I agree that this content belongs in the pro-Trump sub-section. I could support a condensed version of the rally text in that sub-section. Snooganssnoogans (talk) 23:45, 15 October 2018 (UTC)
Semi-protected edit request on 18 December 2018 [ edit ]
Add under Journalistic ethical standards the following: For a conflict of interest to exist there needs to be a some kind of direct or indirect financial interest. There does not appear to be any financial conflict of interest in the fact that Cohen is Hannity's lawyer. Bill hunts (talk) 23:32, 18 December 2018 (UTC)
Not done: please provide reliable sources that support the change you want to be made. DannyS712 (talk) 00:20, 19 December 2018 (UTC)
Criticism of Fox News [ edit ]
Why this article has an entire paragraph at the introduction with criticisms about Fox News, and there's nothing similar in other articles, such as the one covering CNN? --Lecen (talk) 16:19, 15 January 2019 (UTC)
CNN is WP:OTHERCONTENT. Search this page for FAQ and you will find links to past discussions on this subject as well as the current consensus. O3000 (talk) 16:37, 15 January 2019 (UTC)
Semi-protected edit request on 26 January 2019 [ edit ]
Change "United States" to "American" in the opening statement because it makes Wikipedia appear bias when all of the other Wikipedia pages regarding American news begin with "X" News Agency is an "American" pay television news channel. The opening statement for Fox News should read as follows: Fox News (officially known as the Fox News Channel, commonly abbreviated to FNC) is an "American" pay television news channel...
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CNN
I don't have an opinion either way about this change (I certainly don't object to it) but I would like to know why you think the current wording has an appearance of bias? I really can't see where you think that arises. --DanielRigal (talk) 03:07, 26 January 2019 (UTC)
Done I see nothing biased about US; but changed it as American sounds better O3000 (talk) 13:02, 26 January 2019 (UTC)
Rain Water Runoff [ edit ]
I have seen on the Fox News this morning about New Jersey wanting to tax rain water run off.This is not the only State that is pushing this.The state of penna. is also talking about taxing run off.The townships of Codorus and North Codorus are also talking about doing this.This is where I live.Just shedding some light on this subject to let people know about this subject.Thank You — Preceding unsigned comment added by 2601:984:4100:FBFA:65D6:7DB2:FAF4:DE9D (talk) 11:15, 7 February 2019 (UTC)
Strange citation [ edit ]
One of the two citations for "Critics have cited the channel as detrimental to the integrity of news overall" is to a book about Ethnomusicology, by an Ethnomusicologist who obviously has no professional expertise on american politics. If there are no objections, I'd remove that citation. - LilySophie (talk) 22:38, 13 February 2019 (UTC)
TIGERS great Kevin Bartlett says Adam Treloar is "delusional" if they believe Collingwood has a better list than Richmond.
The new Magpie said on Wednesday they chose the black and white after leaving Greater Western Sydney because they had "a better list, a younger list, who in a couple of years time can hopefully win a premiership".
Bartlett said on Thursday morning Treloar had either been "brainwashed" since arriving at Collingwood or their head was "in the clouds" at the Pies' Falls Creek training camp, which started this week.
They suggested Treloar had "become delusional".
"I know Treloar has been in Sydney for the past four years and AFL doesn't get much media, and has missed the fact the Pies have been on a serious slide since 2011," Bartlett said on SEN.
"They've won two flags in 57 years.
"Adam, you'll have to be twice as good as I think you are for the Pies to win a flag before Richmond.
"Your coach made the same big call in choosing Collingwood over Brisbane to win premierships.
"Check the record books for that one.
"Adam Treloar is a gun young player and an exciting talent – someone that could even win a Brownlow Medal.
"The poor kid has been brainwashed by some propaganda witch doctor from Collingwood; either that or their head was so far in the clouds at the Pies' training camp yesterday they became delusional."
Bartlett, who played 403 games for the Tigers between 1965 and 1983, declared in August that Treloar had indicated they wanted to be traded to Punt Road.
But after a period of controversy during which the 22-year-old underwent hip surgery that wasn't sanctioned by the Giants before they were traded, they became a Magpie on October 21.
Bartlett also said on Thursday morning they believed the Giants would win a premiership, possibly as early as 2017, before the Magpies claimed another.
They said the Pies were "on the slide", which was why they recruited Treloar, Melbourne's Jeremy Howe and Lion James Aish last month.
On Wednesday night, SEN's David Schwarz described Treloar's comments as akin to arriving at Collingwood's Holden Centre base and "giving the moon to the Richmond footy club across the train lines".
Richmond forward Jack Riewoldt refused to bite when questioned about what the Tigers thought about the new Pie's opinion.
"It's the first time I've heard it … we were pretty keen on acquiring Adam's services but he's chosen the Collingwood Football Club," Riewoldt told SEN on Wednesday.
"We're absolutely rapt with the guys we've picked up.
"Andrew Moore is the most recent one to come across from Port Adelaide and he's got some pretty strong ties with Richmond with their brother Kelvin being a life member.
"Chris Yarran is a great addition for us and obviously Jacob Townsend from the Giants as well, he's going to be a good player for us too.
"We're solely focused on the three boys we've got and we're really excited about the draft that's coming up next week and the young kids we'll pick up there."
Pies hit the road at Falls Creek. Picture: Michael Willson
Darcy Moore in action during ball work at Falls Creek. Picture: Michael Willson
The Internet is buzzing with coverage of human trafficking survivor Ima Matul's Tuesday night speech at the Democratic National Convention. After being labor trafficked from Indonesia to Los Angeles, Matul was forced to work 18 hours a day, seven days a week, for no pay. Following three years of living as an enslaved domestic servant and being subjected to physical abuse, Matul sought out the help of a neighboring nanny to assist with their escape. Matul's story is harrowing and they are fortunate to have received services from the Coalition to Abolish Slavery & Trafficking (CAST), which provided them with counseling, vocational training, and eventually job placement as a survivor organizer. However, what audience members did not hear is that their trafficker was never prosecuted for these crimes and, incredulously, still lives in Los Angeles, not far from Matul. Although American anti-trafficking policy was in its infancy at the time, more than a decade later many traffickers continue to operate with impunity and survivors rarely receive the types of services afforded to Matul.
Although federal and state laws now include provisions that should assist with the protection of victims and prosecution of offenders, victims continue to be misidentified, erroneously criminalized, deported, and denied services, while their traffickers evade law enforcement.
For example, take “Jessica,” a sex trafficking victim I met in August 2015. They were sexually exploited and abused for nearly 15 years, but that did not stop law enforcement from erroneously arresting them for ‘prostitution' when they called 9-1-1 to report the abuse from their trafficker. In fact, when I met “Jessica,” their trafficker was in the DC Metropolitan area under pre-trial release for maliciously wounding another victim. Like Matul's offender, “Jessica's” sex trafficker has yet to be convicted of any crime; their charges were dropped after their first victim failed to show up for trial. Charges were never brought against them for how they victimized “Jessica.” Instead, while their trafficker continues to evade law enforcement and financially benefit off of the women they exploit, “Jessica” is relegated to substandard housing and menial jobs, with inadequate support.
On the other hand, when and if law enforcement is in a position to prosecute a human trafficker, victim compliance is often literally forced. Prosecutors regularly threaten victims with prosecution if they do not cooperate and hold them in detention. For example, take “Sarah,” a juvenile I met while volunteering for an at-risk youth program. As a teenager, they were targeted by a sex trafficker in June 2016 and picked up as a witness for federal law enforcement. Although they were clearly a victim, the probation officer who was supervising them signed off on holding “Sarah” in detention for “her protection.”
This type of treatment is not considered trauma-informed and is not consistent with the victim-centered provisions of federal laws, like the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, or state laws, like various safe harbor statutes. However, this is the reality for many human trafficking victims.
Sixteen years ago, Los Angeles law enforcement failed to bring Matul's trafficker to justice. However, despite passing a number of anti-trafficking laws since then, this continues to happen. Unfortunately, there is a critical gap between anti-trafficking policy and action in the United States. Simply passing a law does not mean that it is being effectively implemented. Before celebrating anti-trafficking policy victories for public accolade (as was done at the DNC), our government needs to assess whether we are being effective in protecting victims and prosecuting offenders. If victims continue to be misidentified, erroneously prosecuted, deported, and denied services, while traffickers evade conviction, these policies should not be lauded in vain.
Accumulating evidence suggests that insight can be substantially influenced by task-irrelevant emotion stimuli and interpersonal competitive situation, and a close link might exist between them. Using a learning-testing paradigm and Event-Related Potentials (ERPs), the present study investigated the independent and joint effects of emotional and competitive information on insight problem-solving especially their neural mechanisms. Subjects situated in either competitive or non-competitive condition learned heuristic logogriphs first and then viewed task-irrelevant positive or negative emotional pictures, which were followed by test logogriphs to solve. Both behavioral and ERP findings showed a more evident insight boost following negative emotional pictures in competitive context. Results demonstrated that negative emotion and competitive situation might promote insight by a defocused mode of attention (as indicated by N1 and P2), the enhanced semantic integration and breaking mental set (as indicated by N450), and the increased forming of novel associations activated by motivational arousal originating from competition (as indicated by P800-1600 and P1600-2500). These results indicate that the dynamic interactions between emotional valence and competitive arousal effects on insight.
© 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Looking for something beer-related to to in Alabama this week?
Of course, the big event is the Magic City Brewfest, happening today and tomorrow. And with beers available to go from the brewery, these events are a great way to have some fun, and take some of the breweries beverages home with you!
SAT, JUNE 4
Bubble Ball Joust | Blue Pants Brewery, Madison | 1-10 pm
Magic City Brewfest | Birmingham | 4 pm
Dixie Danger Fest | Straight to Ale, Huntsville | 6-11:30 pm
Col. Bruce Hampton w/ GR8FUL Dude and Frenz | Avondale Brewing Company | 6 pm
Live Music with the Jimmy Blues Duo | Mad Malts Brewing, Huntsville | 7-9 pm
MON, JUNE 6
Weekly Trivia | Rocket Republic Brewing Company, Huntsville | 5 pm
Luxury Wine List Intro Party | Old Town Beer Exchange, Huntsville | 5:30-7:30 pm
TUES, JUNE 7
David's Birthday Movie Night | Rocket Republic Brewing Company, Huntsville | 5 pm
NABMS Monthly Meeting | Yellowhammer Brewing | 6-8 pm
Copa America Watch Party (USA v. Costa Rica) | Straight to Ale, Huntsville | 7 pm
WED, JUNE 8
Jazz N' Swing Wednesday | Straight to Ale, Huntsville | 6:30-9:30 pm
Multiple Music Acts | Salty Nut Brewery, Huntsville | 8 pm
THURS, JUNE 9
Crooked Stave Release and Tasting | Hop City Birmingham | 5-7 pm
Hacker Trivia | Straight to Ale, Huntsville | 6 pm
FRI, JUNE 10
Walker Lukens | Trim Tab Brewing Company | 7 pm
Starr Hill Beer Tasting | Hop City Birmingham | 5-7 pm
Drivin N Cryin LIVE | Straight To Ale, Huntsville | 7:30 pm
1 of 2 2 of 2
On December 8, the City of Vancouver will host a forum about the disappearing shops in Chinatown.
According to a city announcement, the forum about “legacy businesses” in the historic neighbourhood will focus on “stores that the community cherishes because of their connection to history, contribution to neighbourhood character and integral role in the community's way of life”.
“In recent years, the City has heard concerns from residents in a number of neighbourhoods regarding the displacement of local businesses, many of which have been long-standing fixtures in communities,” the city states in the bulletin.
“Concerns about displacement have been most acute in Chinatown,” the city goes on to note. “Some of the businesses that have closed had operated for many years, often serving functional needs but also contributing to the neighbourhood's identity, history, culture, and sense of place.”
It may be interesting to see if someone recalls the old Chinatown Supermarket during the December 8 forum happening from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden ( 578 Carrall Street).
The former Chinatown Supermarket at 239 Keefer used to be a one-stop shop for those wanting to buy fresh produce, meat, and Chinese ingredients.
The grocery is now closed, and the land had been purchased for a new development.
The development plan for 239 Keefer Street involves an eight-storey mixed use building.
Based on the development application filed by Mallen Gowing Berzins Architecture Incorporated on behalf of the property owner, the ground floor and mezzanine will have retail. The second and third storeys will be for office uses, and floors four to eight will have 25 condos.
In a design rationale included in the development application, the architects recognized that “challenges of development in Chinatown have been increasingly evident”.
The architectural firm stated that “community sensitivities towards development formed the primary driver to the approach of this site renewal project”.
The architects came up with a “design language” that “looks to the existing architectural stock and fabric of Chinatown, incorporating precedents of materiality and existing design language without being merely derivative”.
This recognition explains why the design pays homage to the Victorian architecture of heritage buildings in the neighbourhood as well as Chinatown's “distinctive ‘balcony style'”.
The design also projects a “lantern imagery”. This is probably because lanterns in Chinese culture symbolize a bright future.
In describing the ornamental and shading screens for the building, the architects stated in detail boards that these “elements combine to promote our concept of lantern imagery at night allowing an interior glowing light to softly radiate out while also serving as a movable privacy for tenants”.
Again, when describing metal railing to support glass, the architects noted that this will “promote our concept of lantern imagery at night allowing an interior glowing light to softly radiate out from the inside of the building”.
According to the architects, the building will add a “rich fabric and character to Chinatown”.
The application for 239 Keefer Street goes before the City of Vancouver's development permit board on Monday (December 11).
Need to know What is it? A fast-paced FPS featuring parkour, sci-fi gadgets, and massive robot battlesuits.
Expect to pay £50/$60
Developer Respawn
Publisher EA
Reviewed on Intel Core i7-6700K, Nvidia GTX 980, 16GB RAM
Multiplayer Online, up to 16 players
Link www.titanfall.com
Titanfall 2's brilliance comes as a surprise, and I say that as somebody who loved the original despite its flaws. In its first attempt, Respawn created a set of traversal, gunplay and mech combat systems that were served well by the multiplayer framework placed around them. I firmly believe that if Titanfall had been released in the late nineties, we'd be talking about its wallrunning, titan-hopping, knee-sliding combat in the same hushed terms reserved for Tribes' skiiing, or Quake's rocket jumping.
Instead, Titanfall was released in 2014. That meant it was burdened by community-sundering season passes and grinding unlock systems, bad practices that drove players away—and that have been fortunately abandoned for this sequel.
Titanfall 2 is a very different game to its predecessor, but it has led me along a similar line of thought. If this were a game from the late nineties or early noughties, we'd likely look back at the mission 'Effect and Cause' as one of the greats of the genre, the sort of one-off statement of imagination and execution that you think of when you consider BioShock's Fort Frolic, Thief 3's Cradle, or—and I can't believe I'm about to make this comparison—Half-Life 2's We Don't Go To Ravenholm. It's that good. I know—I'm surprised too.
That one act really is a spectacular jewel in the game's crown, and it's remarkable because it's a self-contained experience. Titanfall 2 takes notes from the way that Valve structured the Half-Life series: each section introduces a set of ideas, escalates them quickly, and then moves on from them just as fast. As a result there's a lot packed into the 6-7 hours it will take you to finish the campaign, with each section finding its own way to surprise you.
You'll engage in a running firefight through a massive factory that is throwing prefab colony buildings together around you as you go. You'll perform a beachhead landing alongside a phalanx of allied titans. You'll engage in mech duels against a cast of mercenary titan pilots pulled straight from an eighties action movie. And in Effect and Because you'll... well, I won't spoil it.
If there's anything holding Titanfall 2 back, it's that not all of its chapters are created equal. It has some good ideas, some great ideas, and one brilliant idea. And because of Respawn's (otherwise laudable) willingness to drop an idea when they've used it up, you might find yourself wishing that some of these high concepts stuck around longer than others. Even during its less-inspired moments, however, the worst it gets is 'very good shooter with very big robots'.
Titanfall 2 is built on rock-solid foundations. There are loads of weapons to try, from SMG staples to powerful shotgun pistols to gravity grenades and remote satchel charges. These feel and sound phenomenal—Respawn's legacy as Infinity Ward, the people who invented Call of Duty, is sensed in the simple kinetic pleasure of putting a target in your red-dot sight and pulling the trigger.
This is coupled with the series' brilliant traversal system, which spans double jumps, wall-runs, slides, and powerful melee strikes. Shooting is a form of punctuation in Titanfall—it's through movement that you really express yourself, to the point that resorting to boring old running on the ground can feel like failure. You've also got a short-duration cloaking device, gated by a cooldown, that allows you to reposition in dangerous situations without needing to stop and hide.
In a sense, Titanfall 2 uses cloaking and your freedom of movement to stand in for the bullet-sponge healthbar usually granted to first-person shooter protagonists. On the hardest difficulty setting you can't actually take very much fire before you die: it's fundamentally a game about not taking any fire at all. You are the three-way lovechild of B.J. Blazkowicz, the Predator, and Faith from Mirror's Edge. Try not to think about that too much. Also, a robot is your best friend.
Performance and settings For an assessment of how Titanfall 2 runs on both midrange and high-end PC hardware, check out our analysis of how it performs. If you're building a new PC, also take a look at our mid-range and high-end build guides. Read our affiliates policy here.
The story is above-average triple-A action fare, punching above its weight in terms of spectacle and managing to fit in a few decent jokes amidst the battle-talk. The central dynamic between protagonist Jack Cooper and the titan they are unexpectedly bonded with, BT, is perfectly enjoyable—The Iron Giant with killstreaks. It might not stick with you long after the credits roll, but the strength of the campaign as a whole is enough to make me want to spend more time in this world, to find out what other unexpected ingredients Respawn can introduce to the formula of man plus robot plus guns plus parkour.
If Titanfall 2's singleplayer surprises with quality, then multiplayer surprises with the amount that has changed since the first game. All of the same ideas return, from freerunning pilots to titan calldowns to NPC minions and limited-use power spikes, but each has been rethought. It is as if Respawn laid out Titanfall on a table, took it to pieces, and figured out how to create a new game with the same essential parts.
It's extremely fast-paced and highly lethal, with grappling hooks, speed boosts and phase-shift abilities raising the skill ceiling of movement. An old-school degree of finesse is possible here, and when you watch from the perspective of a good player—usually via the kill cam after they've killed you—you'll realise just how much skill it's possible to express by carefully chaining slides, jumps and wall-runs. Think Tribes.
There are familiar point-capture, deathmatch and titan warfare modes, though many of these feature tweaks that take a little getting used to. One example is Bounty Hunt, a combination of deathmatch, marked target hunting and point-capture that sees teams race to collect bounties and deposit them in periodically-available banks. It's a little overcomplicated, but impressive in that it crams almost all of Titanfall's competitive structures into a single mode.
Capture The Flag is a favourite, but best with a team of friends. Titanfall's systems are perfect for CTF, a mode that has gone out of favour among developers in favour of less teamplay-intensive forms of competition. I'm glad that Respawn chose to move against the current. I've called in titans to disrupt the enemy's defenders ahead of a flag-run and given chase to a fleeing capper with grappling hook and jetpack. I have always preferred this type of teamplay to pure deathmatch or the map-spanning grind of Battlefield.
In Titanfall, every player matters and every system encourages teamwork. The old concept of 'rodeo'—where a player can mantle an enemy titan to cripple them—has been reworked. Now, leaping on a titan causes you to rip out their battery, disrupting their shield and exposing them to further damage (on a second leap, you'll drop a grenade down the battery hole.) It goes deeper than that, however: batteries are kept by the pilot that took them, and can be plugged into allied titans that have lost their batteries to repair them.
I love this kind of design because it adds depth to competitive play while reliably creating memorable moments. During one close game I yelled at a friend to not eject from their doomed titan because I had a battery—I could save him! Grappling up the side of a building and wall-running onto their hull as they withdrew from the line of fire, I felt like a hero. I have also disembarked from my titan, chased down and killed the player who took my battery, and plugged it back in—thank you very much. It felt like getting revenge on a mugger.
There's an unlock system, but it's well-conceived and very generous. You're always being showered with new stuff, and it's as lizard-brain-tickling as you'd expect. You can access level-restricted unlocks early with an upgrade currency, and you're even given a stock of it the first time you log in. This is very welcome, allowing you to pick your favourite titans straight away if you don't want to wait.
There are also cosmetic items of every sort, from logos to animations to gun skins to titan skins and so on and so on. Remarkably, though, Titanfall 2 has no microtransactions and no season pass. There are many hooks for the former to be added later, but they've guaranteed that all future maps and modes will be free—this is a big deal, because the community-dividing impact of the first game's season pass accelerated the loss of its player population.
Respawn has done everything it can to avoid that fate this time, from forgoing exorbitant extra fees to packing in a best-in-class singleplayer campaign. I would not be surprised if we look back on Titanfall 2 as one of the best shooters of its time. I'm concerned, however, that we'll also remember it as an underground favourite rather than the hit it deserves to be. It'd be such a shame if Titanfall failed to retain its audience again, simply because it came out between Battlefield and Call of Duty.
There's a danger of that, however, and that danger affects the value proposition of Titanfall 2's excellent multiplayer in the months to come. But it doesn't change a thing about the singleplayer experience. This is a game that takes some of the most familiar vocabulary in this hobby—run, jump, shoot, spaceship, robot, alien dog—and finds ways to surprise you with each. When it comes down to it, that's what Titanfall 2 deserves to be remembered for.
There were some concerns about Georgia Bulldogs linebacker Jarvis Jones' past diagnosis of spinal stenosis early on in the draft process and the questions led many to believe that the star linebacker could fall in the first-round of the 2013 NFL Draft, but they closer teams and medical professionals look at Jones' spine and neck, they are getting a clean bill of health that will be a non-issue.
According to the National Football Post, leading orthopedist Craig Brigham sent out a memo to NFL teams that stated, “Jarvis is cleared to play without restriction.”
Per the National Football Post report:
Jarvis Jones' neck injury is starting to look like it might be a non-issue on draft day, and there is little chance they will fall out of the top 10. In a medical report that was sent to NFL teams, leading orthopedist Craig Brigham refutes that Jones ever had a significant spinal cord contusion. When they were at Southern Cal, the pass rusher was diagnosed with one, and Southern Cal did not allow them to play in 2010. Jones transferred to Georgia and played two seasons with no problems. Brigham concluded that Jones either had a very mild incident of spinal cord concussion or merely a stinger that has long since resolved. Even if another similar injury occurred, Brigham concluded it would not be a career ending issue.
That is very good news for Jones, who is one of the most talented players in the 2013 draft class.
With the medical concerns, Jones could have fallen in to the twenties, but now it appears that they will be long gone and whoever drafts them will receive a stud linebacker with no medical questions.
Anyone who knows anything about boxing in Seattle will have heard of the Bumblebee Boxing Club. The folklore associated with its regime has made it into an icon of the city, and I'm proud to say it's also the site where I started my own journey as a pugilist before setting out into the world capturing fight stories. Located in the back room of a building owned by the Union Gospel Mission, a non-profit organization aimed at serving the homeless and underprivileged communities, the gym opens its doors as the Mission closes theirs. Truth be told, I never really knew what the Mission was considered officially. I didn't know if it was a church, a social services program, or a community center. I just knew they took care of people.
I walk down the hall and hear the sounds of sweat—the swaying chains above the heavy bag, the smacks of leather upon leather, the repetitious whip of a rope skipping against a matted floor. I look on the sign posted on the door before I open it: “This is a safe zone. All are welcome here.” I smile at its continued presence and turn the doorknob. The heat of the room fogs my glasses as I stepped in.
List of gym rules posted at the Bumblebee Boxing Club in Seattle, WA. Violations of these rules result in penalties paid by push-ups.
“Nasty Nick Wong!” someone yells out immediately, using my ring name back when I used to compete. The voice belongs to Willie Briscoeray, better known as Coach Bumblebee and the head coach of the gym. A stocky 67-year old with gold teeth and a trademark smile, Bumblebee is a Seattle legend in their own regard, and holds an impressive pro and amateur career under the tutelage of the world-renowned Eddie Futch. Bumblebee waddles over and gives me the signature “Bumblebee Handshake” and a firm hug. It's been a good year since I stepped foot inside this place, but they greet me like they had just seen me yesterday.
The club has been around for 23 years, conceived when the Mission first opened its doors in search for an after-school program for the youth in the neighborhood. When Bumblebee approached them with their proposal to open a boxing gym, they merely responded, “We've been waiting for you.” After a few laughs, I asked them why they thought they responded in that manner.
“Well there were a lot of kids hanging out on the streets. It's kind of an impoverished neighborhood on the Southside,” says Bumblebee, referring to the socio-demographic makeup of the area. “There's a lot of mixture and whenever you have a lot of mixture—a lot of Africans, a lot of blacks, a lot of Mexicans, a lot of Asians—when you find people living in the conditions they live in, then you have competition amongst folks and boxing is a good way to let your anger out. It teaches you discipline.”
Coach Bumblebee observing a fighter's stance during training.
Discipline is probably the one word to describe the gym. Posted high on the wall near the door is a hand-scribed list of rules that when broken are paid in push-ups, things like forgetting your gear, sagging your pants, and responding to questions in something other than “Yes Coach” or “No Coach”. Younger fighters are still required to show their report cards in order to continue training, nobody is allowed a bathroom break without asking permission, and if anyone's mother calls in reporting “back-talk”, the consequences are dire. The gym is old school, meaning its formula to cultivating good fighters is a simple one: hard work and discipline. What it lacks in modern-day fight technology, it makes up for in sweat and grit. Most workouts involve using bodyweight and gravity, and finishing the daily regime takes the entire three hours the gym is open. Heavy bags are revived with duct tape and the sparring ring is a small 8x8 padded square in the back fenced off by ropes made out of garden hoses. It went up when the gym first started and has remained ever since.
“This is a blood and sweat gym,” says Manuel Dunham, one of the gym's longest standing members and quite easily the most accomplished of the group. “The moment you step into this gym you feel like you're in a warzone. You feel like this is where warriors train, where all the baddest dudes come. Ain't nothing fancy here, everything homemade practically, but it brings the beast out of you. It brings out something real.”
Fighter Manuel Dunham helps a teammate lace up before a sparring session.
Dunham boasts an impressive 56-14 amateur record and once a #6 ranking amongst all amateur fighters in the nation. The three-time Pacific Northwest Champion and Golden Gloves winner is looking to go pro early next year and keeps busy by training and helping out around the gym by looking after the younger fighters. They work night shifts as a security guard and is also an active church preacher on Sundays. Having moved from Alaska to pursue their fighting career in a city with no friends or family, Dunham found difficulty in balancing the demands of being a full-time fighter and the logistics of living, so Bumblebee took them in by letting Dunham stay in a spare room of the house. Despite the hard-knock structure of the gym, the core of it all is gentle.
“My approach to the gym is that everyone in the gym is important, everybody is somebody. We have no big eyes or little eyes here,” says Bumblebee when I ask of their philosophical approach to running a fight club. “We have a big great ol' ‘U' and a big great ol' ‘S' that stands for ‘US'. We're all humans here and we're all here for the same purpose: to become better people through boxing. The day you walk through the doors, you're all the same.”
Fighters gather around to receive advice from Coach Bumblebee during a training session.
If I had to choose another word to describe the gym, it would be ‘family', with of course Bumblebee sitting at the head of the table. They were probably the first positive male figure in my life that got through to me. Beyond instilling a ridiculous amount of self-discipline, they just had good things to say about living. Things like, “Don't go after a girl that already has a man,” or “Treat everyone with respect”, were things that stuck with me. They taught me how to shave at my first tournament and when I was, according to him, “robbed” of my first fight, they were irate in a way as if something had been taken of their own kin. And they treat everyone in the gym this way, like they mattered, like they were part of a family. He's had a lot of students to look after (by their account over 2,000 kids have gone through that gym), but they always managed to give just the right amount of advice to set you straight, and before long, you'd find yourself echoing the same words onto those that came after you. Essentially, they made us all better people.
There have been all walks of life training at the gym, from police officers to ex-convicts to college students and the working class. The gym is a melting pot of sorts—race, class and gender all gets washed away when the bell rings; all that really matters is how well you train. And while like in any family there might be the small hang-ups every so often, family is family in the end, and that concept of accepting everyone as they are, rings true. Randy Gomez, a former Golden Gloves champion and one of the gym's only professional fighters, attests to that personally.
“I think Coach Bumblebee is a really tough guy, very experienced, and he's very forgiving, you know? I left without telling them and they saw me one day on the street, and they took me back. They opened the doors. They don't close the doors for nobody,” says Gomez in describing Bumblebee. “He gives everybody a chance. They believe in you; that's the best thing I know about him. It gives me hope to do something great in my life, like I still got a lot.”
Young fighter wrapping their hands before their training session.
That belief is something I've always remembered about Bumblebee. No matter how outlandish the idea, they really thought you could do it, as long as you worked at it. I'd say that was one of the most essential elements that made the gym so strong; there was a real sense of belief that we were capable of being our best selves. Not everyone made it out of the gym a decorated champion or even with a winning record (though most did), but we came out better people, and when we were smart enough to recognize the important things in life, we'd see where all that hard work had gone.
“Boxing is a sport that teaches you ‘I can do', and ‘I can do anything if I can box',” Bumblebee says in describing the sport and their gym. “Boxing gives you a challenge and the challenge is that I can do anything I so desire to do, as long as I'm willing to pay the price for it, you know?”
A number of accomplished pugilists have called this place home. Names like the amateur phenom Buddy Tyson and Walter Wright, one of the stars on the first season of “The Contender”, both hold roots at the club. Probably the most notable fighter is Bumblebee's own grandson David Jackson who was on the 2000 Olympic squad, but lost on the scales in the 2nd round when they couldn't make the 132lb limit. Afterwards, Jackson strung up an impressive 9-1 professional record, but hasn't been seen around the sport since 2006. Rumor is that he's gone back and forth on a battle with depression, and does their best to keep their life together.
The legendary Coach Bumblebee watches their fighters during training. According to him, over 2000 members have walked through its doors.
There are a lot of stories that run through boxing gyms. Some of them are of triumphant victories, the others of heartbreaking failure. I guess the measure of a good gym depends on the numbers in that ratio, but with that being the case, Bumblebee ranks highly. “Making champions in life” is a motto that's gets passed around to inquirers from the outside and seeing how academic performance and in-home behavior plays a significant role in the training, the club stays true to that saying. Plenty of former members have gone onto prestigious careers outside of the sport thanks to lessons they received while inside of it, and I'd say that the vast majority that have come in contact with the club have found a better life for themselves than when they first entered.
“Boxing, or being part of Bumblebee's in general, is a period that has changed my life. It feels good. It makes me feel right. There's no other way to describe it. I feel right,” says Robel Biru, another one of the more dedicated charges that has spent a good half-decade training at the gym.
Fighter Robel Biru using the speed bag to finish their workout.
With a late start in the sport and a seemingly established career path, Biru has no real aspirations towards becoming a full-time fighter, though the prospects of fighting at least one pro fight is in their vision. Outside of the sport, the 30-year old works as a lab technician for the water district of the city and attributes their involvement in boxing as one of the main catalysts to advancing their professional career and personal life.
“I just felt so lost in a lot of ways. I felt like I didn't have mechanisms to deal with adversity, but when I came here, I got clarity. I got focus. I learned how to preserve and work hard at things,” says Biru. “It's helped me professionally, it's helped me with my family and interpersonal relationships. It's helped me with everything. When you learn how to be calm here and how to struggle and strive here, if you choose to, you can apply it to other parts of your life.”
Front entrance to the Bumblebee Boxing Club.
There is evidence of it all around the gym. Etched onto the fighters' eyes is a look of a sincere determination, like they were training for something greater that lied beyond the gym walls. While each person shows up for their own reason, everyone seems to understand this common sentiment by helping carry the other one through, whether that's correcting the stance on a left jab or squirting water into a teammate's mouth in between rounds. It is the bonds and the community that make the gym a home beyond a mere structure. In the end, this collaborative pursuit of improvement is what stops the walls from crashing down upon one another, keeping everyone steady on their path. Sometimes, there is simply a need for a hand to guide us through, and for some, boxing is that hand. It is to tell us that we are not alone.
“[Boxing] is a really good way to learn how to live a good life. You might be a tough guy in the ring, but outside, you soften up to people,” says Gomez when I ask them about boxing and its affect on their life. “Being here just made me good person. Outside the boxing gym, you're out there alone, and you don't want to be alone, you know what I mean? But when you're here, you feel like you got somebody.”
Check out these related stories:
Fighting for Legitimacy: The Afro-Brazilian Art of Capoeira
The Social Benefits of Fighting at the “Las Chankas” Gym in Peru
Training BJJ with Rolker Gracie in the Center of Rio de Janeiro
SCC is C++ snippets evaluator at shell prompt Repo: httpx://github.com/lvv/scc[GitHub], httpx://bitbucket.org/lvv/scc[BitBucket]
License: httpx://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boost_Software_License[Boost Software License] C++ REPL At bash prompt - expression evaluated and printed: scc 2+2 4 If expression is not terminated with semicolon, it is sent to std::cout . If snippet have bash special characters, it must be in single or double quotes. If expression starts with minus, end-of-options indicator -- must be used: scc '"hello world"' hello world scc -- -42 -42 scc "bitset<8>('a')" 01100001 scc 'double x=0.5; sin(x)' 0.479426 echo "ABC" | scc 'char c; while (cin>>c) cout << tolower(c);' abc If double semicolon ;; is present, then what come before it is goes before main (into the file scope): scc 'int f(int i) {return i+i;} ;; f(10)' 20 Snippet is evaluated in environment where most of C++ Standard Library includes are included and most STD entities are imported into default namespace with using std::...; If you need only plain C++ REPL, that is about all you need to know. You can skip to install section now. SCC optional modules are described below. Shortcuts and predeclared vars Shortcuts are typedefs and macros to cut verbosity for REPL 1-liner environment. str --> std::string vint --> std::vector<int> vfloat --> std::vector<float> lint --> std::list<int> dint --> std::deque<int> WRL --> while(read_line()) ... Some variables are pre-defined. You don't need to remember these. Predefined variables are defined in external to snippet scope, so you can re-define these to what ever you want. i , j , k , n , m — long , initialized to 0
x , y , z — double , initialized to 0
s , w — std::string
c — char
p — char* RO Module Range Operators (headers only library) was recently split off SCC. It can be useful if you use STL containers, strings and want simpler replacement for std::cout . Some examples of what it can do: // Can print ranges, container, tuples, etc directly (vint is vector<int>) : scc 'vint V{1,2,3}; V' {1,2,3} // Assign 42 to 2..5 scc 'vint V=range(0,9); range(V/2, V/5) = 42; V' {0, 1, 42, 42, 42, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9} // Find (brute force algorithm) maximum of `cos(x)` in interval: `8 < x < 9`: scc 'range(8, 9, 0.01) * cos || max' -0.1455 // Integrate sin(x) from 0 to pi. Object 'plus_' is shortcut for std::plus<T>() scc 'auto d=0.001; (range(0,pi,d) * sin || plus_) * d' 2 // Concatenate vector of strings scc 'vstr V{"aaa", "bb", "cccc"}; V || plus_' aaabbcccc // Total length of strings in vector of strings scc 'vstr V{"aaa", "bb", "cccc"}; V * size || plus_' 9 // Assign to c-string, then append `"XYZ"` and then remove `"bc"` substring : scc 'char s[99]; range(s) = "abc"; (range(s) << "XYZ") - "bc"' aXYZ // Remove non alpha-num characters and convert to upper case scc '(range("abc-123, xyz/") | isalnum) * toupper' ABC123XYZ // Hide phone number: scc "str S=\"John Q Public (650)1234567\"; S|isdigit='X'; S" John Q Public (XXX)XXXXXXX Requires: C++11 compiler. Oldest tested compilers: GCC-4.7.2, GCC-4.8, CLANG-3.2 In order to use it, you need to install it, and tell SCC where to look for its include files if it is installed in directory which is not searched by default by compiler. Options -s / -S can enable/disable this module. Set environment variable scc_RO (to any value) enables it. If enabled its print operator will be used instead of std::cout to print last statement-expression. AWK Module This is module that is bundled with SCC. It can be disabled if for example your compiler can not compile it for some reason. Options -a / -A enable/disable it. Set environment variable scc_AWK (to any value) enables it. AWK module allows stream processing - similar to real AWK. Syntax is not exactly AWK's, it is still C++ , but it is quite similar. Biggest difference is script layout. AWK's script have the following elements (simplified): awk 'BEGIN{begin-expr}; {per-record-expr}; END{end-expr}' SCC have two alternatives for above. First is explicit while-loop: scc 'begin-expr; WRL per-record-expr; end-expr;' Shortcut WRL expands to while(read_line()) . Function read_line() , reads input line and splits it into fields. Second alternative is to use options -n and -p . With -n , record is read, split into fields and snippet is evaluated for every record. With -p , additionally all fields are printed after snippet was evaluated. These are equivalent to PERL's and are convenient when we do not have begin-expr and end-expr. scc -n 'per-record-expr;' Fortunately, GCC and CLANG allows use of $ in identifiers, so AWK's dollar variables ( $0 , $1 , $NF ) are valid in SCC. In SCC, line's fields are of special string type fld , it is similar to std::string but it can be used in arithmetic expressions - they can be implicitly converted to corresponding numeric type. And it can be assigned a numeric value. That is fld behave like AWK's vars. Numeric types are any of int , float , etc. fld f("1"); int i; i = f; // 1 i = f+1; // 2 f = 2; // "2" f + " m/s" // "2 m/s" f + 5 // "7" SCC supports following AWK's global variables: $ - derived from std::deque<fld> — line's fields
NF - long , number of fields (set after read_line())
NR - long , number of records read so far (set after read_line())
OFS - strr , output field separator (another special type - string reference).
FS - strr , input field separator.
ORS - strr , output record separator
RS - strr , input record separator.
FILENAME - const char[] , current filename being processed More examples. Sum-up DF(1) used-disk-space column. In AWK and SCC: df | awk '{n+=$3}; END{print n}' 31399199 df | scc 'WRL n+=$3; n' 31399199 We can also replace column number with symbolic name (from df output header): df | scc -H 'WRL n+=$("Used"); n' 31399199 Prepend line number to every line. echo -e 'aaa
bbb' | scc -p NR 1 aaa 2 bbb For every line: first NR is printed (notice that there is no semicolon), then $0 . Now lets make comma separated fields out of colon separated. Option -o sets OFS (output field separator), -F - set FS Snippet is empty in this example. echo 1:2:3 | scc -F: -o, -p 1,2,3 Or equivalent: echo 1:2:3 | FS=: OFS=, scc -p 1,2,3 OpenCV Module Provides complete OpenCV environment. SCC with OpenCV module provides similar functionaly to ImageMagick. Off by default. Turn on with --cv o --oc options. Or set environmental vaiable I . Reads leng.png, and displays it: scc --cv 'Mat I(imread("lena.png")); imshow("",I); waitKey();' Same but using global enviromental varibale I : I=lena.png scc --cv 'imshow("",I); waitKey();' Same but instead of global, we will use temporary (with scc lifetime) env variable: unset I // now global I is not set I=lean.png scc --cv 'imshow("",I); waitKey();' Same with using SCC's show() function: I=lean.png scc --cv 'show(I);' Environmental variale I and --cv options enable earch other. If only one is set, second will be set automaticly. When I am set, we don't need to set --cv too. If --cv is pesent but I is unset, SCC reads lena.png into me . (TODO: frome what dir?) Convert to TIFF: scc --cv 'imwrite("lena.tif",I)' Resize, make x2 times smaller: scc --cv 'cv::resize(I,I,Size{},0.5,0.5); imwrite("small.png",I);' Add noise: scc --cv 'asI(R); randn(R,0,50); show(I+R);' Shortcut asI declares a cv::Mat with the same type and size as I. Edge detector: scc --cv 'Mat E; cv::Canny(I,E,10000,35000, 7); show(E);' Install git clone http://github.com/lvv/scc scc cd scc echo "PATH+=:$PWD/scc/" >> ~/.profile . ~/.profile scc '"SCC is installed"' With no or empty config, all optional modules will be disabled, and default compiler will be GCC. There is scc/example_config which you can copy (and edit) into one of: /etc/scc , ~/.scc or .scc . GCC Pre-compiled headers For GCC you can enable precompiled headers, which will allow slightly (20%) faster compile. This is not recommended if you are going to update SCC or GCC. Command scc -make-gch will create directory .gch with precompiled headers: cd path-to-scc-home scc --make-gch ls -l .gch You need re-generate pre-compiled headers if SCC or GCC install was modified. To disable pre-compiled headers, run rm -rf gch . Status Parser which extracts last C++ statement from snippet is semi-broken. It sometimes incorrectly parse (to extract last expression) multi-line scripts or expressions with "{}". See u-sed file for details. As workaround terminate every line with semicolon (even comment-line) and do not use print-if-not-terminated-with-semicolon feature. Regex in RS / FS are currently not supported (but were in v0.1) AWK module should be fixed to handle white space exactly like AWK. Refs httpx://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delimiter[Delimiter]
httpx://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values[CSV]
httpx://home.vrweb.de/~juergen.kahrs/gawk/XML/[XMLgawk]
httpx://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Awk[Awk]
httpx://people.cs.uu.nl/piet/docs/nawk/nawk_23.html[Awk: Specifying how Fields are Separated]
httpx://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc /manual/status.html#status.iso.200x[LIBSTDC status C++11]
httpx://www.informit.com/guides/content.aspx?g=cplusplus&seqNum=286[Why I Hate Namespaces]
httpx://www.gotw.ca/publications/mill17.htm[Why Not Specialize Function Templates?]
httpx://richardminerich.com/2012/07/functional-programming-is-dead-long-live-expression-oriented-programming/[Functional Programming is Dead, Long Live Expression-Oriented Programming]
The Caesar Cipher Authors: Chris Savarese and Brian Hart '99
One of the simplest examples of a substitution cipher is the Caesar cipher , which is said to have been used by Julius Caesar to communicate with their army. Caesar is considered to be one of the first persons to have ever employed encryption for the sake of securing messages. Caesar decided that shifting each letter in the message would be their standard algorithm, and so they informed all of their generals of their decision, and was then able to send them secured messages. Using the Caesar Shift (3 to the right), the message,
"RETURN TO ROME"
would be encrypted as,
"UHWXUA WR URPH"
In this example, 'R' is shifted to 'U', 'E' is shifted to 'H', and so on. Now, even if the enemy did intercept the message, it would be useless, since only Caesar's generals could read it.
Thus, the Caesar cipher is a shift cipher since the ciphertext alphabet is derived from the plaintext alphabet by shifting each letter a certain number of spaces. For example, if we use a shift of 19, then we get the following pair of ciphertext and plaintext alphabets:
Plaintext: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Ciphertext: T U V W X Y Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S
To encipher a message, we perform a simple substitution by looking up each of the message's letters in the top row and writing down the corresponding letter from the bottom row. For example, the message
THE FAULT, DEAR BRUTUS, LIES NOT IN OUR STARS BUT IN OURSELVES.
MAX YTNEM, WXTK UKNMNL, EBXL GHM BG HNK LMTKL UNM BG HNKLXEOXL.
Essentially, each letter of the alphabet has been shifted nineteen places ahead in the alphabet, wrapping around the end if necessary. Notice that punctuation and blanks are not enciphered but are copied over as themselves.
Breaking a Caesar Cipher (Cryptanalysis)
Can a computer guess what shift was used in creating a Caesar cipher? The answer, of course, is yes. But how does it work?
The unknown shift is one of 26 possible shifts. One technique might be to try each of the 26 possible shifts and check which of these resulted in readable English text. But this approach has limitations. The main problem is that the computer would need a comprehensive dictionary in order to be able to recognize the words of any given cryptogram.
A better approach makes use of statistical data about English letter frequencies. It is known that in a text of 1000 letters of various English alphabet occur with about the following relative frequencies:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 73 9 30 44 130 28 16 35 74 2 3 35 25 78 74 27 3 77 63 93 27 13 16 5 19 1
This information can be useful in deciding the most likely shift used on a given enciphered message. Suppose the enciphered message is:
K DKVO DYVN LI KX SNSYD, PEVV YP CYEXN KXN PEBI, CSQXSPISXQ XYDRSXQ.
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 1 2 4 3 0 0 0 3 0 4 1 0 4 1 4 3 1 6 0 0 4 0 7 4 0
Now we can now shift the two tallies so that the large and small frequencies from each frequency distribution match up roughly. For example, if we try a shift of ten on the previous example, we get the following correspondence between English language frequencies and the letter frequencies in the message.
English Language Frequencies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 73 9 30 44 130 28 16 35 74 2 3 35 25 78 74 27 3 77 63 93 27 13 16 5 19 1
Enciphered Message Frequencies
K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z A B C D E F G H I J 4 1 0 4 1 4 3 1 6 0 0 4 0 7 4 0 0 1 2 4 3 0 0 0 3 0
Note that in this case the large frequencies for cipher X and Y correspond to large for English N and O, the bare spots for cipher T and U correspond to bare spots for English J and K. Also, an isolated large frequency for cipher S correpsonds to a similar one for English I. In view of this evidence we needn't even worry too much about the drastic mismatch for English E, which is usually the most frequent letter in a random sample of English text.
If we now apply this substitution to the message we get:
A TALE TOLD BY AN IDIOT, FULL OF SOUND AND FURY, SIGNIFIYING NOTHING.
Using the Chi-square Statistic
chi-square statistic
Let ef(c) stand for the english frequency of some letter of the alphabet
stand for the english frequency of some letter of the alphabet Let mf(c) stand for the frequency of some letter of the message
stand for the frequency of some letter of the message For each possible shift s between 0 and 25:
between 0 and 25: For each letter c of the alphabet
of the alphabet Compute the sum of squares of mf((c + s) mod 26) divided by ef(c)
This is the algorithm that is used in CryptoToolJ's Caesar Analyzer.
For further study and enjoyment
CryptoToolJ. Try breaking the above cryptogram using CryptoToolJ's Caesar Analyzer. This requires a Java-enabled browser. You'll have to paste the message into CryptoTool's input window.
Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime feels "very good about the value proposition" represented by the Wii U.
Nintendo dropped some big news yesterday, announcing not only a price drop for the Wii U, but also the 2DS, a cheaper, 3D-free version of the 3DS. Now, commenting on the upcoming launch of the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime has expressed why they think gamers should go with Nintendo.
"It's all about the games. The competitive systems have announced their launch lineups. I'm allowed to say 'Meh,'" said Fils-Aime. "I look at our lineup of titles and I feel good about our lineup. We've got Zelda. We've got Mario. We've got Donkey Kong. In addition to great titles like Pikmin 3 and Wonderful 101, I feel very good about our lineup, and I feel very good about the value proposition we're putting out there for the consumer."
A proposition certainly made more attractive by the recent price drop. Much like the Wii benefited from being vastly cheaper than the Xbox 360 and PS3, it stands to reason that a $299.99 Wii U could look better to some consumers than than the PS4 and Xbox One which cost $399.99 and $499.99, respectively. Fils-Aime could arguably also have a bit of a case when it comes to the PS4 and Xbox One's launch line-ups. While both consoles will boast a few new exclusives, several of their bigger launch titles are multiplatform games that will be available on other systems, including the Wii U. We wouldn't quite say this amounts to "meh," especially considering some of the new features being added by the PS4 and Xbox One, but we could see why others might.
Source: IGN
Children at a Christian preschool in Sweden are no longer allowed to say grace at mealtimes, “Amen”, or talk about the Bible, after a ruling by the Umeå municipality.
Visiting the preschool for an inspection, supervisors from the district said the activities run contrary to the Education Act, which forbids educational content during school time from containing confessional elements, and states that children at must always have the choice of whether or not to participate.
The municipality said it felt that children at the Salvation Army-run kindergarten were not given enough of an opportunity to opt out of saying grace at mealtimes.
“The Education Act can be interpreted in different ways,” said the preschool's manager Britt Marie Mårtensson. They told STV they did not think grace at kindergarten would come under the umbrella of “education”.
“As a confessional activity, we knew we could no longer have prayer time while children are at their desks where they learn, so we thought we would add grace as a nice feature during mealtimes,” they said.
“We interpreted the law differently from the municipality,” Ms. Mårtensson added, telling the Swedish broadcaster that children at the preschool now sing a rhyme which gives thanks to the sun and rain at mealtimes, instead of saying grace.
“It's sad because grace is a tradition, but the rhyme is also nice and it allows the kids to choose to whom and what they want to give thanks,” said the kindergarten head.
Staff at the kindergarten were also prohibited from holding any more “Bible Snacktimes”, an activity in which children and teachers discussed the contents of the Bible.
Preschools strategy planner at Umeå Municipality Pian Rosell explained whilst confessional elements are permitted at religious kindergartens and schools, they must not play any part in educational activities, admitting that lines are much more blurred at a preschool level.
“It isn't as hard to distinguish between activities which are educational and ones which aren't in elementary schools, because teaching happens in class, whereas when it comes to kindergartens it can be difficult to tell,” they said.
NEWCASTLE United are ready to step up their efforts in Holland to recruit the next Moussa Sissoko.
Having successfully raided the French market to bring in five new stars in the January window, Newcastle's efforts now appear to be trained on Holland – with the club understood to be monitoring a clutch of emerging Dutch stars with a view to summer recruitment.
United scouts watched the Dutch Under-21 team take on their Republic of Ireland counterparts yesterday and The Journal understands that Newcastle were represented at Eredivisie games over the weekend, with fixtures featuring Vitesse Arnhem, PSV Eindhoven, Zwolle and AZ Alkmaar all monitored.
United have enjoyed success in the market recently, having lured Ajax's Vurnon Anita to St James' Park – and they also made an unsuccessful attempt to sign Jody Lukoki from Amsterdam in January. But now they are ready to make a concerted effort to add to their burgeoning Dutch contingent, which also features first-team goalkeeper Tim Krul.
It appears they will return to the country in the summer with The Journal aware that exciting forward Siem de Jong (pictured below) is another of the club's targets. That would be a sensational coup given the profile that they gained during Ajax's Champions League run, but United insiders have been laying similar groundwork in Holland to that which has enabled them to attract the cream of the talent Ligue 1 has to offer.
So far, Newcastle's exhaustive attempts to cover the French market have attracted the most comment, with the club having reaped spectacular rewards in January with Yoan Gouffran, Sissoko, Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa and Massadio Haïdara having been recruited along with Mathieu Debuchy.
Meanwhile, United have no intention of allowing Liverpool to snatch Hatem Ben Arfa this summer – despite a clutch of Anfield links to the France
schemer. Well-briefed claims emanated from Merseyside yesterday morning that Ben Arfa will be one of Brendan Rodgers' top targets in the summer, even using Andy Carroll as a potential makeweight in the deal.
But United is in no mood to do a deal on one of their star players – and if they do decide to reignite their interest in Carroll, it will be for cash up front.
Closer to home, Alan Pardew has major selection dilemmas ahead of the weekend trip to Tottenham.
Cheick Tioté returned to training yesterday and has put themselves into contention for White Hart Lane – possibly in place of James Perch. But Pardew has already shown that they are a loyal manager, having stuck by Jonás Gutiérrez – who rewarded them with a fabulous headed goal on Saturday.
“Jonás answered a few critics – I thought they were fabulous against Chelsea. Everybody gets a lift when you bring new players in, and I think Jonás is an example of that,” they said.
“He's a good player, but he's been running on empty and lacking a bit of confidence and belief because the team hasn't been strong enough.
“It's disappointing for players like him.
“Sometimes when you bring new players in, it's only right that you give them a chance and say ‘come on then, we've got a proper team now – come and show your true form'.
“He did that, and I'm pleased for him. I'm very proud of him.”
SAN JOSE — A young father was shot to death early Thursday in what relatives are calling a senseless tragedy since they were simply moving their car out of the path of arriving street sweepers when an unknown assailant opened fire on them in East San Jose.
An uncle who went to the crime scene at Lanai Avenue and Denali Way identified the victim as 27-year-old Eric Mendoza, a husband and father of a 6-month-old boy. Adding to the family's horror is the fact that Mendoza's wife of two years was the one who found him, slumped over in their car.
Mendoza's death marked San Jose's 11th homicide of the year. And while the neighborhood off Tully Road and Highway 101 has long been a hotspot for gang activity, San Jose police said there are no immediate indications of gang motives, and both police and Mendoza's family said there was nothing to suggest the victim had gang ties.
“He was at the wrong place, wrong time, wrong car color,” said Hector Hurtado, Mendoza's uncle, referring to Mendoza's red coupe. “Somebody took a very big part of our family away, somebody who had nothing to do with what was going on here at night … A son without a father now, it's not fair.”
Hurtado's mention of “wrong car color” was likely an allusion to the neighborhood's gang activity predominantly involving Sureño street gangs, which claim the color blue and clashes with its red-bearing Norteño rivals.
Neighbors reported hearing gunshots around 3:30 a.m.
“From what we've gathered so far, they were probably shot while driving and veered off down the street at a low rate of speed and crashed into the car in front of him,” Lt. Jason Herr said.
Mendoza crashed into a parked car on Denali Way, just west of Lanai Avenue, and just blocks away from their apartment.
San Jose police responded to Lanai Avenue and Denali Way at 5:23 a.m. after receiving reports of the shooting. Mendoza was pronounced dead at the scene.
Relatives said Mendoza was a machinist who worked in Belmont and recently took the late shift ending at 2 a.m. so that someone would always be home to care for their new child because their wife worked during the day. They were dropped off from work early Thursday morning and realized it was street sweeping day. The San Jose native and Yerba Buena High graduate got into the car to move it.
When they didn't walk through the front door as they always did, Mendoza's wife headed out into the neighborhood to look for him. According to Hurtado, they actually drove by the car once before coming back around and discovered they were still inside.
Homicide detectives cordoned off a large segment of Lanai Avenue to examine the crime scene. Leonel Perez's home of 11 years was within the confined area, and they said police asked them for footage from a home security camera pointed at the street where the crash occurred. They said they installed the camera to ward off graffiti taggers and car thieves but did not anticipate it might observe a killing.
“It's surprising but at the same time, not really,” Perez said.
No suspects or a motive have been identified.
“We're still waiting for some answers. This shouldn't have happened in the first place,” Hurtado said. “He was very quiet, stayed to himself. Especially after they had their baby and became a family man; it was all they ever wanted.”
Contact Robert Salonga at 408-920-5002. Follow them at Twitter.com/robertsalonga.
Up And At ‘Em, Revival League!
It's another glorious day here in the MST3K Revival League! You know, a day in the League is like a day on the farm: Every meal's a banquet! Every backer gets a reward! And every update, well, it's like a beautiful parade! I love my MST3K Revival League!
Yeah, I always wanted to say that. I'll shut up now.
On to the updates, huh?
We've reached Goal #2: now we can make at least 6 new episodes of MST3K!
Why reaching six eps is really good for MST3K's future, cast, crew… and you!
good for MST3K's future, cast, crew… and you! Bonus Reward: all backers in EXPERIMENT 085 or higher get thanked in the credits!
Why you are the best thing to come out of #BringBackMST3K.
are the best thing to come out of #BringBackMST3K. PLUS: your first look at the official T-SHIRT and MISSION PATCHES!
To start, I want to repeat the amazing news that I shared yesterday:
On Monday, at 5:02pm EST – ten hours ahead of schedule! – we passed our second goal of $3.3MM, which means we'll be able to make at least six new episodes of MST3K.
Wow. Pretty amazing, right? Hitting six episodes helps us in a lot of ways, so I thought maybe I could tell you a little bit more.
Getting six episodes is really good for:
1. THE FUTURE OF MST3K
Three episodes are great, but like I said when we reached $2MM, they might not be enough to send a real message that you want more MST3K.
They also don't give us a good chance to show the networks what an updated MST3K would be like, so stopping at three makes it harder for us to get picked up. But with six episodes, man, we'll be able to show those execs what we can do! In fact, we've already started talking to some possible partners about giving MST3K more seasons, and they're all watching to see how far we can go.
That's right! Thanks to you, our Kickstarter is getting attention in Hollywood, and those "conference tables of execs" I talked about?
Well, they're starting to listen.
2. OUR NEXT CAST & CREW
Making six episodes also gives our new cast a little more time to get settled and figure things out. Like I said before, it always takes at least 3-4 episodes working on MST3K before you start to find your groove, and now they'll have that.
And that's not just better for all the folks “On Camera” – making six episodes will also help all the other people that will work on the show, including writers, camera-people, sound artists, prop-makers... It's a big group when you think about it, and all those people might need a little time to warm up. Remember: it's been a good 15 years since anyone's attempted these kinds of shenanigans!
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Who is Third Party Candidate Jill Stein? 0:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate for president, has proposed a "Green New Deal" that would create 20 million living wage jobs, wants to drive big money out of politics, and wants the U.S. to immediately stop sending weapons to the Middle East.
She's also feeling the Bern — so much so that Stein has offered "to establish a collaboration" with Bernie Sanders as they fight Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Party nomination.
Jill Stein Lisa Abitbol / Courtesy of Gloria Mattera
"Many of my supporters are also their supporters," Stein told NBC News. "I'm asked all the time if there could be a Bernie Sanders collaboration and my answer to that has always been yes. The Green Party has long sought to establish a collaboration with Bernie Sanders."
But, Stein said, "that phone call has not been returned and I don't expect that this will happen."
"We're different," they added. "He is working inside the Democratic Party. I threw in the towel a long time ago."
RELATED: Why Bernie Sanders isn't dropping out
While they share common goals — like combating income inequality and putting people ahead of polluters — Stein said they are to the left of Sanders on foreign policy and on domestic issues like student loan debt, which they want to cancel immediately.
There was no immediate response from the Sanders campaign about Stein's overture.
Stein, a 65-year-old physician and married mother of two grown sons, insists what they are proposing "is not pie in the sky."
"What we are calling for is an emergency transition to green energy, food and transportation, a wartime-level mobilization that will turn the tide of climate change and make the wars for oil obsolete," they said.
Asked if, like Sanders, they identify as a democratic socialist, Stein said they generally avoid "isms."
"I am someone who supports things that work rather than ideology," they said. "That said, if the question is do I support people over profits, then my answer is yes. If the question is do I support economic democracy, the answer is of course."
RELATED: Bernie Sanders explains democratic socialism
This is not Stein's first run for the White House. They got 469,015 votes in the 2012 general election when they ran the first time against President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney. And they are "not holding my breath" that they will beat whoever the Democrats and Republicans wind up nominating this year.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein announces the formation of an exploratory committee. Olivier Douliery / Sipa USA via AP
"But I am not ruling it out," they added. "We have far more recognition than we did four years ago. And we are in the age of unpredictable events, this presidential election being one of them.”
The rise of Donald Trump, they said, is proof that anything can happen this year. They have harnessed the anger of the "people who have been thrown under the bus," they said.
"It's not a mystery what is going on here," they said. "People have been savaged by a predatory economic and political system, and some are turning to Trump. Unfortunately, Trump is just more of the same."
Stein's worldview may be similar to Sanders', but the first part of their life story mirrors Clinton's in many ways.
Like Clinton, Stein is a Chicago-born child of the 60s with an Ivy League education. But Stein, who is 65, said that is where the similarities end.
"I think we're polar opposites," Stein said. "Hillary talks the talk, but in my view they are as big a corporatist, as big a war monger, as big an imperialist as any of the Republican presidential candidates. Them rhetoric is less offensive."
Stein grew up in Highland Park, a well-off and largely Jewish Chicago suburb that director John Hughes featured in movies like "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and "Home Alone."
"It was a lily-white place," Stein said. "But no one at that time was oblivious to the (Vietnam) war and the civil rights and women's movements. I was part of a small group at my high school that held weekly vigils against the war outside the local library."
Like Clinton, Stein was an excellent student. And while Clinton went to Yale after graduating from high school in nearby Park Ridge, Illinois, Stein headed to Harvard, where they graduated from medical school in 1979.
Stein then decamped for leafy Lexington, Massachusetts, where they went into private practice. They married a fellow physician named Richard Rohrer and they raised two sons named Ben and Noah.
Dr Jill Stein, Green Party candidate for president, is photographed in Oxford, England, Feb. 24, 2016. Roger Askew / Rex Features/Shutterstock via AP
In 1998, Stein went from small-town doctor to environmental activist when they joined the fight to shut down the so-called "Filthy Five" coal plants in Massachusetts. They also tried to clean up politics in the Bay State by pushing for campaign finance reform.
"What drove me into politics was when the Democratic Party killed campaign finance reform in my state," they said. "The Green Party approached me to run for governor in 2002 and foolishly I accepted."
Stein lost. "But what we realized is that people were hungry for discussion," they said.
In 2005, Stein was elected to the Lexington town board and reelected in 2008. But when they ran for Massachusetts state Representative in 2004, they got trounced. The same thing happened again in 2006 when they ran for Secretary of the Commonwealth, and again in 2010 when they ran for governor for a second time in 2010.
Stein was not deterred.
"The mythology is that political change happens only in election years," they said. "The truth is you build from election to election."
In 2012, Stein made their first run for the White House, blasting both Obama and Romney as Wall Street stooges. They were endorsed by, among others, famed left wing political activist Noam Chomsky.
This year, Stein said they are hoping to build an even bigger coalition of Americans who fear for the country's future.
"The biggest waste of your vote is to vote for either of the corporate political parties," they said.
One of the things that got people excited about stem cells was the prospect that they could be used to generate entire tissues or organs, ready to replace what's been damaged by injury or disease. But there's a big gap between the embryonic stem cells we can generate and an adult organ. If you put the stem cells into an adult body, there's no way to control how they develop. But if you control their development outside of an organism, you generally wind up with a bunch of cells, mostly of a single type, sitting in a plate. That's a far cry from the complex, integrated, three-dimensional structure of an actual organ.
Now, a team of scientists in Japan has decided to split the difference. Using stem cells from various sources, they put together the three types of tissues that normally work together to give rise to the liver in embryos. And when those were implanted into a mouse, they did what they would do in the embryo: integrate together and grow into a functional liver.
In the embryo, the liver forms from a combination of two tissues. One is called endoderm, and these are the cells that line the developing gut. Resting above that is a population of loosely packed cells called mesoderm, which envelop and integrate with the endoderm to form what's called a liver bud. At that point, blood vessels become necessary for the bud to grow and specialize into the liver.
Due to work in a number of labs, we've been able to identify stem cells for all the populations necessary to form a liver bud. Embryonic stem cells can be pushed to differentiate into endoderm cells and then be given a liver identity. Mesenchymal stem cells have been found in the bone marrow. And it's possible to isolate the cells that line blood vessels from the umbilical vein that is otherwise discarded after childbirth. Putting all three populations into a culture dish together was all that was needed; they would spontaneously aggregate to form three-dimensional structures that were reminiscent of the embryonic liver bud. The genes expressed by these clumps of cells looked very similar to the set expressed during normal liver development.
The researchers took the next step and implanted the cluster into a mouse. Within three days, the blood vessel cells had integrated with the host's blood supply, and the remainder of the cells in the cluster started proliferating. That continued for up to two months, and over that time the gene expression began to look more and more like that of a mature liver. Human albumin (a blood protein produced by the liver) appeared by day 10. At day 45, significant levels were detected in the blood of the mice.
By all measures, the small buds that were implanted began developing into something resembling an adult liver. So the authors tested its performance in a number of ways. They treated the mice with two drugs that are metabolized in the liver but handled in different ways by humans and mice. The human-specific metabolites appeared in the blood and urine of the mice. The authors then tried a drug that causes liver toxicity; survival of the mice with the implanted liver buds was just as high as in a control where the authors implanted adult liver cells.
All of this suggests that the general approach—using stem cells to re-create an embryonic organ and then letting that organ develop inside an adult—has lots of promise. But there will definitely be some challenges before it's put to wider use. The liver is a relatively easy organ to test since it only requires three cell types and is able to self-organize, even in adults. Finally, the use of three different cell sources means that there are three potential sources of rejection problems should this ever be used in a transplant.
Despite the remaining hurdles, however, it's clear that Japan hopes to move forward with the technology. Earlier this month, its government started the process to lift the ban on growing human organs in other animals. Initial plans appear to use pigs, where organs can grow much larger than they are able to in mice. In the US, Congress and several states considered bans on chimeric animals (animals that are a mix of their own and human tissues) a number of times over the past decade. No federal law has been enacted so far, but a number of state restrictions have reportedly passed. Depending on their precise wording, this research or any medical applications that arise from it may not be legal.
Nature, 2013. DOI: 10.1038/nature12271 (About DOIs).
ALTOONA, Pa. (AP) - Strolling through a cemetery around a national holiday, when bright flags mark each veteran's grave, it's easy to overlook the four letters carved into some: “U.S.C.I.”
They stand for United States Colored Infantry, and they mark the resting place of one of dozens of local black men who took up arms during the Civil War. It's been 150 years since those units began returning home from their service in the South, where more than 175,000 members fought - and in some cases, died - to free their fellow African-Americans from slavery.
It was almost exactly 150 years ago, on Feb. 9, 1866, that the white commanding officer of one such regiment addressed their men as they set out for home: “The flag of our fathers, restored to its rightful significance, now floats over every foot of our territory, from Maine to California, and beholds only free men,” Lt. Col. C.T. Trowbridge told their soldiers. “The church, the schoolhouse, and the right forever to be free are now secured to you, and every prospect before you is full of hope and encouragement.”
The Blair County men who fought for that hope risked death at the hands of an enemy that didn't recognize their freedom. Black soldiers captured by the Confederacy risked punishment and enslavement; many were executed on the spot.
“For me, this was an eye-opening experience,” said Harriet L. Gaston, a Penn State Altoona minority programs coordinator who has researched the local soldiers for years. “An extremely eye-opening experience.”
‘Sic semper tyrannis'
When the Civil War began in 1861, black men simply couldn't serve in the U.S. Army. Abolitionists like Frederick Douglass called for the Army to recruit black soldiers, but federal officials at first refused, fearing a backlash in pro-slavery states.
But on Jan. 1, 1863, with the war dragging into its third year, Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation and declared all black residents of the Confederate states were free. Their decision opened the door for African-American military recruitment - and in Altoona, black residents heeded the call.
“A very enthusiastic war meeting was held by the colored residents” of Altoona, according to an 1863 letter in a black church newspaper. “Some very able speeches were delivered; prominent among the most able speakers was Mr. Benjamin Johnson, one of our townsmen, who, it is said, made a very stirring speech on behalf of the union and the enlistment of colored soldiers.”
The federal government set about raising black regiments, while some states including Massachusetts raised their own black units. All were led by white officers.
Of all the Northern states, none contributed more men to the so-called U.S. Colored Troops than Pennsylvania, Gaston said. Blair County, which had hosted secret stops on the Underground Railroad before the war, proved a fertile recruiting ground.
While freed Southern slaves joined the Union effort in great numbers, “the truth of the matter is, just as many of these were individuals who were free for their entire lives,” said Jared Frederick, a Penn State Altoona history professor.
At churches, barbershops and even Freemason lodges, local black citizens discussed the war and joined up, Gaston said.
Among them were men like Charles Elder, later buried in Hollidaysburg, who in their 20s joined the 22nd U.S. Colored Troops Regiment. Their unit's banner bore a grim image: a uniformed black man plunging a bayonet into a fallen Confederate officer. Above it were the words “Sic semper tyrannis” - “Thus always to tyrants.”
‘Inciting insurrection'
Kitted out and armed, the soldiers arrived by the thousands in the South, many fighting in some of the war's most savage battles.
The diary of William P. Woodlin, a musician in the 8th Regiment U.S. Colored Troops and one of few black soldiers whose contemporary stories remain, tersely reveals the dangers the soldiers faced.
“The shells came straight down to where we play”; “two men killed”; “another man shot through the head by sharpshooter” - so read Woodlin's entries from the siege of Petersburg, Va.
Of the Blair County men who joined the 54th Massachusetts - the regiment made famous by the 1989 film “Glory” - several were killed and wounded in the disastrous 1863 attack on Fort Wagner in South Carolina. Another, 27-year-old James Elletts of Hollidaysburg, was listed as captured at the fort.
They would die in a South Carolina prison, according to regimental records.
For black soldiers, surrender could easily mean death. A Confederate proclamation in 1862 had ordered the military to turn over all captured “negro slaves” to civil authorities, where they could be returned to slavery.
In practice, however, rebel troops often executed captured black soldiers en masse. Their white commanders, if captured, would be found guilty of “inciting servile insurrection” and subject to execution as well, the Confederate government ruled.
“Armed African-American troops. … In their eyes, this was an insurrection,” Frederick said.
As the Confederacy was driven bank, the Northern ranks swelled with freed slaves eager to fight against their former masters. Some Southern blacks would later settle in Blair County; census records in and around Altoona indicate some veterans were born in Virginia or in Maryland, a slave state that had remained loyal to the Union.
Pennsylvania's black soldiers, meanwhile, fought in some of the worst engagements of the war's final days. Cpl. William Moulton, a Juniata County native buried in Altoona, bore their regiment's flag at the Battle of Hatcher's Run in Virginia. Their unit had fought at the bloody “Battle of the Crater,” after which rebel soldiers massacred hundreds of black prisoners.
Moulton served through the rebel surrender at Appomattox Court House and lived to return to Pennsylvania.
For those who had served through the war's darkest days - like Susie King Taylor, a “regimental laundress” from Georgia with the 33rd U.S. Colored Troops - victory inspired an almost poetic feeling.
“What a wonderful revolution!” Taylor wrote in a memoir decades later. “In 1861 the Southern papers were full of advertisements for ‘slaves,' but now, despite all the hindrances and ‘race problems,' my people are striving to attain the full standard of all other races born free in the sight of God, and in a number of instances have succeeded.”
History long overlooked
The black soldiers, some of whom were still standing guard in the conquered Confederacy, remained conspicuously absent from the Army's grand, victorious march through Washington, D.C., in May 1865. Six months later, however, they were invited to march through Harrisburg while prominent state officials watched admiringly.
Pennsylvania was the only state to honor its black troops.
“This was a truly game-changing opportunity for a large number of African-Americans,” Frederick said of the soldiers' service.
Many returned to towns including Altoona, Hollidaysburg, Tyrone, Bellwood and Martinsburg. Others moved to the region after the war, leaving families and gravestones to mark their service.
A few white officers who had served with the black soldiers lived out their lives here, as well.
In a 1909 Mirror profile honoring their retirement, longtime railroad supervisor Joseph T. Brown was described as one of the first men to equip black troops for their own liberation. The “young giant … (had) the distinction of having mustered in and drilled the first colored troops put into service,” the article said.
The black regiments' service was long remembered as a small part of the Civil War, especially with the U.S. military remaining strictly segregated until 1948. The soldiers' graves in Blair County have been preserved, Gaston said - especially since a 2010 push to refurbish and replace their old headstones - but small cemeteries remain at risk when locals can no longer care for them.
Coupled with the recent 150th anniversary commemorations, a recent run of popular Hollywood movies about slavery and civil rights has awakened a new generation to the period, Frederick said.
“I think there's definitely a growing interest in this type of history - a history that was all-too-overlooked in many classrooms,” they said.
It was a sentiment that Taylor, the young black woman who had served alongside one of the regiments, expressed even in 1902.
“I know what they went through, especially those black men, for the Confederates had no mercy on them,” they wrote. “There are only a few of them left now, so let us all, as the ranks close, take a deeper interest in them. Let the younger generation take an interest also, and remember that it was through the efforts of these veterans that they and we older ones enjoy our liberty today.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
A federal grand jury is investigating whether employees of the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board had improper relationships with wine and spirits vendors doing business with the agency, according to sources close to the investigation.
Current and former LCB employees are being questioned in the probe, the Tribune-Review has learned.
Sources said the investigation is looking at issues raised by the state Ethics Commission, which found four former LCB officials violated the Ethics Act and state Liquor Code when they accepted gifts and lavish trips from liquor vendors and failed to disclose them on financial reports. Those sources said the grand jury's investigation appears to be looking at issues and individuals beyond those identified by the commission as well.
LCB spokesperson Stacy Kriedeman said the agency would not be given notice of the investigation because federal grand jury operations are confidential. Since the ethics reports was issued, the agency has focused on educating employees about proper conduct with vendors, they said.
John Burkoff, a University of Pittsburgh law professor, said there are a number of federal statutes the grand jury could use in justifying its authority to investigate LCB operations, but it's hard to know for sure while the jury is operating in secret.
A significant pattern of wrongdoing or potential violations that cross state lines could prompt federal officials to look into the case, they said. Earlier this year, the Ethics Commission found the former top-ranking LCB officials guilty of taking all-expense paid trips to Florida and California, golf outings across Pennsylvania, high-end merchandise and fancy meals, all on the dime of executives and sales people at national wine and spirits companies.
The rounds of golf, dinners and hospitality gave vendors direct, informal access to influential LCB employees who played a variety of roles in selecting what wines and spirits would line the shelves of more than 600 state-owned liquor stores across Pennsylvania.
Through negotiations with the former officials' attorneys, the Ethics Commission agreed not to recommend charges in its report. The commission ordered the men to repay more than $23,000 collectively and file amended statements of financial interest.
All four employees left the LCB before the ethics reports became public.
• Former marketing director James H. Short Jr., 49, of Susquehanna Township, Dauphin County, was ordered to pay $13,583. They accepted all-expense paid trips to Pebble Beach, Calif., and two to Naples, Fla., as well as gifts including wine and liquor, an iPad and gift cards to high-end stores.
• Former board Chairman Patrick “P.J.” Stapleton III, 58, of Malvern, Chester County, was ordered to pay $7,259. They accepted meals and entrance to several golf outings and tournaments, some designed specifically to let vendors “have face time with PLCB officials” while golfing with them.
• Former CEO Joe Conti, 60, of Doylestown, Bucks County, was ordered to pay $2,389. The commission found he, too, attended golf outings sponsored by vendors and accepted gifts of sports tickets and an engraved bottle of Johnnie Walker Blue.
• Former director of product selection Matthew Schwenk, 35, of Hershey, Dauphin County, was fined $500 for two years' worth of incomplete financial disclosure forms. The commission found they attended trips to Pebble Beach and Naples at the direction of Short. The commission said they believed their job was in jeopardy if they refused, so they were not held liable for repaying the cost of the trips.
“I can't comment, as I'm sure you can understand,” said Christopher Hall, the attorney for Short, when asked about the grand jury investigation.
Henry Hockeimer, the attorney for Stapleton, said they were unaware of the probe. Matthew Haverstick, the attorney for Conti, said, “We haven't been contacted by anyone in law enforcement.”
Schwenk did not return a call seeking comment.
An ethics official said this week there was “significant interest” in the commission's findings from prosecutors and confirmed that records and documents associated with the investigation were turned over to prosecutors and had made their way to the grand jury.
Sources spoke to the Trib on condition of anonymity because grand jury operations are secret unless or until an indictment is issued recommending charges.
Officials from three vendors — Southern Wine & Spirits, Capital Wine & Spirits and Allied Beverage Group — provided the majority of gifts and trips to LCB employees. Those companies collectively account for about one-third of the products sold by the LCB, the ethics reports show.
Lee Hager, executive vice president and chief administration officer of Southern, said they “has heard nothing at this point” about the company's involvement in the federal investigation.
Capital Wine & Spirits and Allied Beverage did not respond to requests for comment.
Kriedeman said the LCB has revised its employee code of conduct, developed a new vendor code of conduct and conducted presentations “to make sure both sides were aware of what is permissible.”
“All of our employees were required to acknowledge that they received and understand it,” Kriedeman said. “Educating our employees will be an ongoing process but one we take very seriously. It is critically important that we, as an agency, maintain the highest ethical standards.”
Kari Andren is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. They can be reached at 724-850-2856 or kandren@tribweb.com.
LAMEST WIKILEAK SO FAR…IS ISRAEL BEHIND IT?
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER/Senior Editor
The new Wikileaks claims the US undereported by 15,000, the deaths of Iraqi “civilians.” With the numbers listed by the military as little as 10% or less of the actual deaths, bumping up the numbers must be a joke. More leaks about torture and killings, Iraqi torture and the US “looking away?” More idiocy. With the US sending “suspects” around the world on rendition flights, sent to secret prisons and obvious to anyone with a brain, to shallow graves, this Wikileak is simply another sideshow, more “chickenfeed.”
Things have already come apart in Iraq. Why leak this now? Regular news stories are actually going much further than these “leaks.” It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see the agenda here, an agenda with absolutely nothing to do with enlightening the world.
What does it prove, any of it? For sure, we see one thing. Everything leaked is carefully screened to have nothing of real value. With Mossad running around Mosul, operating out of Erbil, supplying and advising the terrorist PKK, not a word is mentioned. Instead, poor Iranians are swimming the Euphrates with explosives strapped to their chests.
Get real.
Thousands of tons of explosives were “mislaid” in Iraq. The US failed to secure Saddam's weapons depots which were looted. These stockpiles were vast. The idea that anyone would need to bring weapons into Iraq is insane, simply another Israeli ploy to pre-stage an attack on Iran. Any fool can see this in seconds.
In fact, there are more assault rifles in Iraq than people.
While trying to blame Iran, is Wikileaks reporting the hundreds of thousands of weapons bought by the US that simply disappeared in Iraq? It is easier to buy an assault rifle or RPG in Iraq than to get potato chips. This need to blame Iran, the idea that “secret agents” are smuggling ordnance into Iraq, a country loaded with explosives, is insane. Who would believe it? The idiotic controlled press?
What will we see if we watch the stories coming out? Where will the press be told to manipulate the public to look?
THE LIES BEGIN…
Bloomberg and The Guardian start the ball rolling. Imagine Iraq, a country with the 3rd largest military force in the world, needing “trainers” from Iran. Iraq with its elite Republican Guard and one million man armies has more people with military training that Britain, a fact The Guardian seems oblivious to. One minute, Iraq is building nuclear weapons and threatening the region with SCUD missiles, the next it is having to turn to “Iranian experts” to build pipe bombs. Has any nation ever suffered such a case of collective amnesia in the area of weapons technology before?
As the days pass, we can expect more and more fanciful accounts of Iranian spies, trainers, kidnappers and terrorists, each story more sensational and fictitious than the last.
There is a more insidious aspect to Wikleaks. Through representing itself as “anti-war” and “public spirited,” it carries forward a globalist agenda, promoting war, promoting regional strife, coincidentally all directly tied to Israel's “hit list,” the nations Israel openly advocates someone else destroys.
One could easily describe Wikileaks as a Mossad PsyOp.
Thus, Wikileaks is very effective in derailing genuine dialog and meaningful dissent.
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES TOLD US TORTURE WAS GOOD FOR US
Americans proved long ago that they were immune to guilt about torture and killing. In fact, polls show that the more religious an American, the more willing they are to accept brutality, and few countries are as “religious' as America. No other country in recent times as killed as many people as America, even overshadowing the ethnic cleansing in Rwanda and Bosnia or the “situation” in Israel.
As with the earlier “leak,” Wikileaks has the ability to go through hundreds of thousands of pages of documents, carefully eliminating any blackmarket dealings, drug running or, as with Iraq, the massive corruption and theft of oil.
There are dozens of subjects that seem to be carefully screened from any Wikileak. Even the Department of Defense, not so secretly, thanks Wikileaks for holding back really embarrassing information. “Held back” information is, of course, blackmail.
Who is Wikileaks?
Is Wikileaks Israel?
Only Israel has the penetration of the Department of Defense that would allow this kind of spying. Not only can they do it, they also have so many spies in the American chain of command, they could easily prevent it. Who has the facilities to gather and filter this much data? Who would want to?
With the biggest story in Iraq the falsified intelligence on “weapons of mass destruction,” why didn't Wikileaks get us documents on this? We know that the military had orders to try to falsify documents showing that they found fully operating nuclear, biological and chemical warfare facilities. These would have made good reading along with the thousands of pages of reports about how these stories would be fabricated. Even the “controlled press” wouldn't touch them although they are still out there.
The lies.
Exposing this real Iraq scandal would so some good, except for one thing, friends of Israel inside the Pentagon were the creators of this program. Is this why Wikileaks dodges the real issues? Is it because the trail for much of what happened in Iraq heads directly to Tel Aviv?
Who even cares about Iraq this many years later?
Look at the watered down reports about American support of Al Qaeda. The US is blamed for accidentally helping Al Qaeda by organizing the Sons of Iraq. In truth, the US actually reorganized the Baathists, something far worse than the imaginary construct “Al Qaeda.” Not a word is said about this.
One of the biggest scams of the Iraq “experience” was the looting of oil resources. Most easily verified is the theft of oil from the Kirkuk fields through the Kirkuk/Ceyhan pipeline, which goes to the Mediterranean through Turkey. Ships that load oil are shown on locator sights run by insurance companies and even the US Coast Guard. Their tonnage is available, how many ships, how long. When doing the math, how much oil is loaded compared to how much is paid for, billions and billions of dollars of oil is missing.
When Americans were paying $4 a gallon for gas, how many knew the oil that made the gasoline was “free” to the oil companies? Who spit the take on this? Who was paid? How much was stolen through Basra? Were the British involved?
Then we have Fallujah. We are told America “carpet bombed” civilians and “ethnically cleansed” the area, as we are now informed, for no reason. The version the Army told is being debunked along with the phony stories of the “embedded” press. Nothing on this hit Wikileaks either.
We are also noting high levels of radiation there and a health crisis that can only be described as shocking. Where is wikileaks on this REAL story?
There is little doubt that Wikileaks is a “sideshow' run by an intelligence agency with dozens of agents inside the Department of Defense. Only Israel has this capability, having penetrated Defense to such a degree they run it as their own. What is the agenda of Wikileaks? Is it revealing the truth? If so, why is the truth censored and watered down to such a degree as to be “non-news” as the earlier leak had been. In fact, most stories about leaks are simply speculation and most “leaks” are less than “chickenfeed.”
The last leak was an attack on Pakistan. Wikileaks tried to make a case for Pakistan running the Taliban in Afghanistan. However, the Taliban are Pashtun and don't care much for Pakistan, they are “blood enemies.” Because of this, Israel and India have found them useful allies against Pakistan, the only Islamic nuclear power. Aid of all kinds gets to the Taliban from the Mossad and RAW, something Wikileaks worked hard to keep secret.
Real leaks by former FBI translator Sibel Edmonds proved that documents exist showing that rendition flights were used to ferry terrorists around, move drugs and tons of cash. With bales of cash leaving Afghanistan every day, why is it that not one page, not one word of any of this, things we know are in American files, hit Wikileaks?
Why does Wikileaks spend more time hiding things than revealing them? When the story dies down, are the Julian Assange rape allegations going to be dragged out again to give the story more play? Last time they “double-dipped” on that one, first charges, then no charges, then charges. It was like a badly written “soap opera.” We have just received reports of Julian Assange fleeing Pentagon death squads. We are told they have virtually disappeared off the face of the planet. We also have a schedule of public appearances and interviews for Assange, who will mysteriously re-materialize when needed. Ah, to have powers such as those.
What about this new “leak?”
This one may be aimed at Iran.
Anyone surprised or shocked to find that Iraqi security forces killed or tortured people are living on their own private planet. These were Saddam's killers and torturers first. Then they became ours. What do killers and torturers do?
There was one reason for the invasion of Iraq with all the lies, all the killing, all the corruption. Israel wanted Iraq destroyed. Will Wikileaks ever get to something real?
Last week, Josh Simpson asked a question about staying sharp and on your feet for the duration of a long day of tournament games. There are a number of factors involved, and I'll be looking at them all over the next little while, but today I'll be looking at one of the least discussed – what you should eat on the day of a tournament to maximize concentration.
The work done by the brain accounts for 10-20% of the body's energy consumption (Though, notably, still requires 800,000 times less than the world's best supercomputer, and does twice as many FLOPs). Neurons are in a constant state of metabolic activity, continuing to do work even while you sleep, and spend a whole lot of energy shooting lightning at each other.
You think by making lightning inside your skull. It was awesome to me as an eight year old, and it's still awesome now.
In order to do all of that hard work, the brain requires glucose. Glucose is the only thing which the brain burns for energy, and low levels of circulating glucose are associated with loss of concentration and memory function. As such, on the most basic level, to maintain the ability to think clearly through a day of Warmachine, you need to keep a steady level of glucose.
The best foods for this are complex carbohydrates. They are long chains of sugar molecules which the body breaks down into glucose over time, meaning there is a steady release of energy. You want to start the day with a good breakfast containing a lot of these, so turn to natural foods – bagels, bananas, porridge, or muesli. Or some combination of the above. You want to add some protein to the mix as well, and just for sheer deliciousness I suggest a Canadian Breakfast – fried banana, bacon, and pancakes. It has all of the above, and is way more awesome than I could ever have predicted (For best results, make the pancakes yourself and use less processed ingredients ).
It's also important to maintain your levels of blood sugar throughout the day. Spiking high or low isn't just for dice, and very high or very low blood sugar also impacts your concentration. Low blood sugar deprives the brain of energy, while high blood sugar causes insulin production to spike, pulling sugar out of the bloodstream for storage.
To avoid low blood sugar, snack throughout the day. Your best foods here are nuts and dried fruit, and (depending again on the amount of processed sugar involved) chocolate. Dark chocolate is best as it is generally less processed.
Many of us turn to foods with a lot of processed sugar in them for an energy kick, but because they trigger insulin production, they're a bad long term prospect. The initial high wears off fast, and high insulin levels mean that you've probably worked yourself closer to a crash. Because of that, I'd recommend avoiding sweets and soft drinks as your energy fixers. To add to the Bad News for soft drink drinkers, they reduce the amount of pure water you tend to drink, which can lead to dehydration.
Don't get dehydrated. Shockingly, water is best. You need about 1.5 L over the course of the day, and it's best to drink it at a steady rate.
And while we're on the subject of what to drink, lets look at caffeine. Caffeine has been shown to boost cognitive performance. On the downside, it can lead to dehydration and you're peeing a lot more. And vibrating so fast you can see alternate dimensions, which is not conducive to effective use of your clock. But in moderation, it's a tried, tested, and empirically proven cognitive enhancer. On average, 20mg/hr is an effective dose for increasing wakefulness. The amount of caffeine in a coffee is wildly variable, and effected by so many variables that there's no set in stone number, but a rough median is 80mg/cup. So really, you should be drinking 1/4 of a cup of coffee per hour (or 1/4 of an energy drink) for maximum effectiveness and minimal jitters.
As a random aside, doses of 600mg or more have been found to produce significant cognitive enhancement in some individuals. If you're feeling experimental and need to good into the tank one last time, slamming 8 and a half cans of Red Bull may work. Or may cause you to vibrate to Earth 2. Or die. I just provide the information, I don't tell you how to use it…
Your lunch should generally avoid foods made with white flour as well, since they take a long time to digest and break down, and tend to also make you sleepy as a result. Omega 3 fatty acids (from fish) and Iron (spinach, red meat, green vegetables in general, and eggs) are all good for brain performance, though I'm not aware of any evidence that says that effect happens “on the day”. But they're all good for you and you should eat more, and make for an excellent mid day meal when doing Brain Work. It also has the advantage of being a pretty doable “packed lunch” if you're in a venue that doesn't offer the food you want, which is often a problem.
All the research also says it's probably a bad idea to be drinking the night before.
But I'm not going to tell anyone to make promises I can't keep. #booziestteamaward #wtc #notreinforcingnationalstereotypesatall
Te Nosce,
I_Avian
PS.
We're also on Facebook and Twitter. Please follow us and help us get more likes than… em… let's say Taylor Swift.
PPS:
Edited for corrections re: Turkey (not as sleepy making as I understood) and for the Latin in the title, because I live to give Siskey reasons to use their Latin Powers.
Advertisements
Military Class 4 Components
Military Class 4 is the next step in high quality components. The Hi-c Cap, Super Ferrite Choke and Solid CAPs will make sure that your PC runs more stable under extreme conditions.
Hi-C Cap
A Hi-C Cap is a very small, but super-efficient capacitor. Besides ensuring enough spacing around a CPU socket to install large coolers, it also allows for 93% energy efficiency. Thanks to Hi-c CAP`s MSI mainboards are the most energy efficient in the market.
Dark Caps
With their aluminum core design, Dark CAP's have been a staple in high-end design motherboard designs and provides lower Equivalent Series Resistance (ESR) as well as its over-10-year lifespan.
Super Ferrite Choke
Super Ferrite Choke uses a Ferrite core that is Super-Permeable. This allows the Super Ferrite Choke to run at a 35 degree Celsius lower temperature, have a 30% higher current capacity, a 20% improvement in power efficiency and better overclocking power stability.
Military Class Essentials
The core of Military Class 4 is based on the essentials which increase your stability in the toughest conditions.
The humidity protection and high temperature protection ensure your system can survive each environment, no matter how harsh. The new structure of the PCB limits EMI radiation.
On top of that the all the connectors have ESD protection in order to prevent short circuit.
OC Genie 4
OC Genie is the world's first built-in hardware overclocking technology on motherboards. With this new generation of OC Genie, we're giving you even more performance. The OC Genie button works as you expect it to, but now you have even more control. Flick the OC_MODE switch from the normal "Turbo" to "GAMING" and your PC gets another adrenalin shot! For the more advanced overclockers, we give you complete control of your settings with "My OC Genie".
Panera Bread Co. on Tuesday raised its projections for the year following better-than-expected results for the first three months.
The St. Louis-based restaurant chain now projects $6.50 to $6.70 in adjusted profit a share and a 4% to 5% increase in sales at company-owned locations open for at least a year, compared with its earlier view of $6.33 to $6.52 a share and comparable sales improving 3.5% to 4.5%.
Meanwhile, for the first 27 days of the second quarter, sales at company-owned locations open for at least a year were up 4.4%.
Shares, up 15% over the past 12 months, rose 2.3% to $217.34 in after-hours trading.
The chain has increased spending -- hiring more workers and updating kitchen equipment and technology to speed service and improve order accuracy -- to reverse a sales slowdown that company officials had blamed on technology unable to cope with demand. Sales have picked up, but a toll has been taken on margins and profit over the past two years.
Panera, under pressure from investors, has moved to franchise more of its locations, targeting a 35% to 50% ownership rate, and taken on debt to buy back stock as part of its pledge to increase shareholders' returns. Last quarter, Panera said it had begun a strategic review of its money-losing Canadian operations.
Over all, for the 13 weeks ended March 29, Panera reported profit of $35.1 million, or $1.45 a share, compared with $31.9 million, or $1.20 a share, a year earlier. Excluding costs tied to store refranchising and about $3.3 million set aside in an unspecified legal matter, profit was $1.56 a share, compared with $1.41 a year earlier.
This year's results included 8.9% fewer shares outstanding.
Revenue rose 5.7% to $685.2 million as comparable sales at company-owned locations rose 6.2%.
Analysts had projected $1.50 a share in profit on $673.9 million in revenue.
Expenses, meanwhile, rose 5.2% to $628.5 million.
Write to Maria Armental at maria.armental@wsj.com
The cost of entering the professional ranks of soccer in the United States is on the rise. Recent reports suggest that expansion fees for new MLS franchises could balloon to a staggering $200 million. The top division is not the only stratum in the American soccer hierarchy to increase its cost for entry. A knowledgeable source within the USL divulged that expansion fees for the third-division professional league will be capped at $5 million if USSF grants the league's application for second-division sanctioning.
Although $5 million may appear like a bargain compared to MLS, it is a steep increase over what ownership groups were spending to join the USL a few years ago. For context, consider expansion fees paid by a few of the league's most recent entrants.
Team Founded Begin Play Expansion Fee Sacramento Republic FC 2012 2014 $250 thousand OKC Energy FC 2013 2014 $500 thousand San Antonio FC 2016 2016 $3 million Nashville FC 2016 2018 $4 million
The 1900% increase from 2012 to the second-division cap gains perspective when viewed in a chart.
The USL has a policy not to discuss expansion fees, but the numbers were provided by a source intimately familiar with the league. Additionally, Evan Ream has reported Reno 1868 FC already paid $5 million to begin playing in the league in 2017.
The increase in price primarily boils down to supply and demand, but there is a little more to it than that. Yes, potential investors in markets around the country continue to express interest in owning a USL team of their own. The mark-up is also related to the league's desire to partner with owners who are committed to running a team in the long term and have the resources to do so.
The recent additions of FC Cincinnati (Carl Lindner III), San Antonio FC (Spurs Sports and Entertainment), and Reno 1868 FC (Herb Simon) are examples that the USL's strategy is reaping dividends.
Those dividends are not solely lining the pockets of Nurock Soccer Holdings, the company that owns the USL, though it would be naive to suggest that profits are unappreciated. The USL offices in Tampa have tripled staff over the last few years to keep up with operations as the league has expanded. The league also reinvests in itself to continually improve.
An example of the improvements that fans will soon come to appreciate is USL Productions, a standalone division that promises to enhance the quality of match broadcasts and other digital media. The individual teams will be on the hook to purchase equipment that will be used at their respective stadiums, but the league will also be spending a sizable amount of its own money.
The rising cost of expansion fees in the USL are part of an ongoing soccer boom in the United States. Angels on Parade has rightly pointed out that a number of individual busts have accompanied the boom. Hopefully, we are not witnessing the expansion of a bubble that will burst.
– Bret Hart made an unannounced appearance at the Inside The Ropes – Evening with Jim Ross and Jim Cornette event in London (transcript via wrestlinginc.com), and spoke about their plans for a WrestleMania 13 rematch with Shawn Michaels. Here are the highlights….
“I remember we talked about — my understanding was when I left that meeting that day was that I was gonna come back, and I was gonna have a bit of a chip on my shoulder towards Shawn, start ragging on them for not being a good role model, and then to — because I remember watching them on TV and he'd pull their pants down and show their pubes and all that,” Hart said. “Being the ‘so called' hero- baby face of the company, that's not a good way to present yourself. I just remember sort of making note in my head, and the more I saw Shawn doing stuff like that, pulling their pants down and getting the kids dancing and all that in the ring, it'd be easy for me as a babyface to take exception to what Shawn was doing. But I thought really what it was, was a chance for me to make a storyline here with Shawn where I lost the title to them at Wrestlemania 12 and I got a bit of a chip on my shoulder that I lost, the way the whole thing was set up was perfect for me to come back with a bit of an attitude about Shawn. And what I had wanted to do was work a storyline with Shawn where I'd wrestle them at Wrestlemania, we woulda had a really good match.
Shawn was a great wrestler, one of the best I ever worked with — maybe the best I ever worked with in a lot of ways. I had an idea where I was gonna — if you could visualize like it's like a thirty, thirty five minute match me and Shawn would've tore the house down with a really great match and the place is going crazy. Basically a duplicate of the ironman match all over again, but we wouldn't go the full hour again. I wanted to do a thing where Shawn was stomping their foot, getting ready to give me the big kick, and I'm in trouble like I'm pulling myself up form the ropes on the other side of the ring and Shawn goes to give me that big kick as I stagger over to him, just like at the iron man match. Except this time I would take Shawn's foot, catch it in the air and get them to the ground and put some kind of shoot hold on their foot and break their foot right in the middle of the ring. I wanted Shawn to tap out like they do in UFC, where it's like when they break somebody's arm they tap out pretty fast and everyone jumps in and it's a very serious kind of thing. I wanted to break Shawn's foot and then they hand me the belt and I would've gone over and stand over the top of them and go ‘f*ck you.'”
The clash occurs when renewables are ready for prime time—and natural gas is still hanging around like an old and dirty but reliable car, still cheap to produce and use, after shale fracking is replaced globally by undersea mining of methane hydrate. Revamping the electrical grid from conventionals like coal and oil to accommodate unconventionals like natural gas and solar power will be enormously difficult, economically and technically. Facilities must be constructed to store extra energy for dark, windless days; transmission lines will need to be built to move power from warm places like New Mexico to cold places like New England; grids will have to be reworked to allow small energy producers to share directly with neighbors rather than being forced to pump everything into large power centers. All of this will be a burden on businesses and consumers alike. But it must be done to avert climate change, because electricity generation is responsible for about a third of America's greenhouse-gas emissions. Roughly similar figures hold true in other developed nations.
Most oil specialists agree that humankind is naturally progressing toward a no-carbon energy future. Our species has already moved from wood to coal to oil to gas, each fuel burning cleaner than its predecessor. Wind, solar, and other renewables are obvious next steps. The problem, scientists say, is that climate change is happening too quickly. Instead of evolving over decades, as happened with the building of the electrical grid, the changeover to renewables has to occur now, faster than any change before.
True, there are ways of buying time. Scientists have experimented, for instance, with injecting carbon dioxide into methane hydrate; for complex chemical reasons, the crystals “prefer” the carbon dioxide, taking it in and expelling natural gas. If undersea methane hydrate could be mined in this fashion, the sequestered carbon dioxide, forever imprisoned in ice beneath the waves, would offset some emissions. This new kind of carbon sequestration could ameliorate some of the long-term environmental damage that widespread global use of cheap natural gas from methane hydrate will do. But even if such techniques work in the way researchers hope, the infrastructure transformation ahead is daunting in scale and scope. It's like setting up a second Industrial Revolution, only all over the world and in one-third the time.
For years, environmentalists have hoped that the imminent exhaustion of oil will, in effect, force us to undergo this virtuous transition; given a choice between no power and solar power, even the most shortsighted person would choose the latter. That hope seems likely to be denied. Cheap, abundant petroleum threw sand in the gears of solar power in the 1980s and stands ready to do it again. Plentiful natural gas, a geopolitical and economic boon, is a climatological shackle. To Vaclav Smil, the University of Manitoba environmental scientist, the notion that we can move so fast is naive, even preposterous. “Energy transitions are always slow,” they told me by e-mail. Modern energy infrastructures, assembled over decades, cannot be revamped overnight. Worse still, in their view, there is little public appetite for beginning the process, or even appreciating the magnitude of what lies ahead. “The world has been running into fossil fuels, not away from them.”
Smil is correct—the sort of rapid energy transition we need has never occurred before. At the same time, one should note that no physical law says these transitions must be slow. Societies have changed rapidly, even when it cost a lot of money. Nobody can predict the future, but it is dumbfounding to hear left and right alike bemoaning the “reality” that society cannot change, particularly at a time when both sides are bemoaning the consequences of convulsive social change. Natural gas, both from fracking and in methane hydrate, gives us a way to cut back on carbon emissions while we work toward a more complete solution. It could be a useful crutch. But only if we have the wit to know that we will soon have to lay it down.
Columbus, Ohio rumored to secure a total of $140 million in grants as the U.S. DOT Smart City winner
The Columbus Dispatch is reporting this afternoon that Columbus, OH is the winner of the U.S. Department of Transportation's Smart City Challenge for transportation innovation. The paper is stating that Columbus beat out San Francisco, Austin, Portland, Kansas City, Denver and Pittsburgh for the honors, and will receive $40 million from the DOT and another $10 million from Paul Allen's Vulcan Inc. as a result.
As part of their commitment to the project, Columbus's local business community early on agreed to match those numbers by nearly 2 to 1 to add an additional $90 million to the total.
I reached out to the offices of Columbus Mayor Andrew Ginther and also Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown for confirmation, but have not received comment at this point.
The DOT also could not comment or confirm the win, and instead sent me the their official press release, which doesn't specifically name Columbus as the winner. Instead that release states that:
“The Department of Transportation (DOT) today announced that it will collaborate with government and private sector partners to help all seven finalist cities in the Smart City Challenge — not just the challenge winner — move forward with ideas that each city developed over the past six months.”
That's good news for the non-winners, I suppose.
As background, the DOT press release further states that:
“The original Smart City Challenge was launched in December 2015 by U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx and Vulcan President and Chief Operating Officer Barbara Bennett as an innovative competition for cities to reshape their transportation systems harnessing the power of technology, data and creativity to reimagine how people and goods move throughout cities. Seventy-eight cities submitted entries to the competition, and in March, seven finalists were selected. Each finalist then prepared a full proposal, and the mayors of the seven cities presented their final pitches at a live event in Washington, DC in early June.”
Ultimately — according to transportation.gov — the mission of the Smart City Challenge is to “pledge up to $40 million (funding subject to future appropriations) to one city to help it define what it means to be a ‘Smart City' and become the country's first city to fully integrate innovative technologies — self-driving cars, connected vehicles, and smart sensors — into their transportation network.”
While it is unclear to me at this time where Columbus's burgeoning startup community would fit into this potential opportunity, it's not hard to imagine many of the logistics and machine learning startups in town being able to get involved, since autonomous vehicles appear to be a big output focus of the competition.
An official update is planned for Thursday. I'll update as this story develops.
So, after reading this (http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-10786279) very interesting article about women who are childless by choice (that's me) I got to thinking.
What is the best way to explain to someone why I'm not planning on having children?
Especially the argument that once you have children you realise it's what you always wanted which seems like a horribly flawed argument to me.
Before long (and after a funny conversation) it dawned on me, having a baby is like getting a tattoo. It's a fairly irreversible decision that will be with you for the rest of your life. Most people will put a lot of thought into having one but they can also happen after a foolish drunken night. Once you have one you either have to learn to love it and live with it or make the difficult decision to get rid of it one way or another. There's aftercare with both and the level of care you give will be reflected in the end result.
Ultimately what it comes down to is if you are sensible, you will think long and hard about having a tattoo, you will weigh up the pros and cons and you will make sure that it's something you're going to want for the rest of your life. If you can't be sure that it's what you want then you won't do it.
And that, my friends, is why I have decided not to have children and also why that is subject to change.
Advertisements
Catch the Buzz: 23 & 24 June 2017
You don't have to be a psychologist to get a lot out of the conference
Get your tickets
Each ticket includes complimentary tea & coffee, sandwiches, as well as a glass of wine at the evening reception.
All presentations will be held in the JZ Young and Gavin de Beer Lecture Theatres in the Anatomy Building at University College London.
Confirmed keynote speakers
Professor Marvin Westwood – leading expert on "therapeutic enactment" with veterans
Prof Rory O'Connor - leading expert in UK on psychology of suicide
Norman Lamb - Liberal MP and campaigner for men's health
Dr Sue Whitcombe - expert on effect of family dynamics on child development
Confirmed guest speakers
Martin Daubney ( award-wining editor, journalist, and broadcaster ) - does the media depict men in a negative light?
Anil Kumar (Team Confidare) - the impact of life coaching and peer-support in men's support groups
Ron Wright wants attention.
If they didn't, the Tarrant County tax assessor-collector wouldn't be posting on Facebook or sending emails bragging about how they canceled their office's United Way drive.
To Wright, the county's largest charity campaign is a “fund-raising mechanism” for “evil.”
They even brought up Hitler.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
All this because United Way is honest.
I know this is a novel idea, but if you write on your workplace pledge card that you want your gift to go somewhere outside the 42 United Way of Tarrant County agencies, that's actually where they send the money.
If you work at Lockheed Martin or American Airlines and want your paycheck deduction sent to a cause in Aledo or Denton or Irving, United Way mails a check.
If you want your donation to go to a non-United Way charity like the Union Gospel Mission in Fort Worth or the Mid-Cities Pregnancy Center in North Richland Hills or Planned Parenthood in Fort Worth, they mail a check.
1980United Way of Tarrant County quit funding Planned Parenthood.
Last year, both the gospel mission and the pregnancy center got more money from United Way drives than the piddly $9,000-plus forwarded to the Planned Parenthood chapter.
But Wright and Commissioner Andy Nguyen both decided to make Planned Parenthood the scapegoat for canceling their entire office United Way drive.
Why?
According to Wright's letter, it was because they read something on a Colorado anti-abortion website, LifeNews.com.
For three months, activists in Colorado, Tennessee and Virginia have waged a false and hateful online smear campaign against United Way of Tarrant County.
LifeNews.com's self-described “exposé” demanded that the local group “stop funding Planned Parenthood,” citing distorted claims by Nashville-based 2ndVote.com.
Abortion opponents in other states have made United Way of Tarrant County a target.
That's easy enough. United Way of Tarrant County doesn't fund Planned Parenthood. Hasn't since Jan. 1, 1980.
Done. Right?
Not when Wright could still grandstand.
“I cannot be part of any fund-raising mechanism for any organization that funnels money” to Planned Parenthood, they wrote in a letter Sept. 11. “I will no longer accommodate those who accommodate this evil.”
Note their malicious choice of words: Instead of saying United Way sends along all donations to any legal 501(c)3 charity, the campaign “funnels money.”
Say I got a check in the mail meant for Ron Wright, and I forwarded it.
Would that be funneling them money? Would I be a supporter?
No. But Wright and Nguyen remain undeterred by facts.
This week, Wright told a reporter that United Way “supports or aids” Planned Parenthood. They dismissed the campaign's $30 million in charity fundraising with: “Hitler made the trains run on time.”
Nguyen used the term “flow-through revenue” as if there is something sneaky about people having the freedom to give as they choose.
Both simply want attention.
And deserve it.
You Are calling! Are You Listening?
“”Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, ‘This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude, follow it.”
With the morning comes a stiff neck, two skinned knees and a skinned elbow.
Why do I wake with whiplash?
These are all the battle scars from my nocturnal wanderings which included a not to graceful fall from a missed last step on my darkened staircase.
I am always shocked at how my brain is slow to react in a crisis. Instead of it sending out the normal signals of “put your arms out stupid, you are falling” instead it seems to go into a shut down mode. Leaving my poor body to it's own defenseless flailings. Where and how badly it ends is anyone's guess.
As I lay in bed with the sun streaming in the window warming my face with the first kiss of summer, I wonder.
What is it that makes me feel like I can keep going on when life seems to put so many roadblocks in my path for me to stumble upon?
I know there is an inner voice that urges me on to keep moving forward with the certainty that “I can do this.” That there is nothing I will not be able to overcome.
It is my oldest son's birthday today and I smile at this as I hear my youngest son in the shower getting ready for school.
My body is sore, my perseverance tested by my nightly adventures, but the sun this morning fills me with it's warmth and promise.
I do not know what challenges will await me tomorrow. What I do know is this.
Today I am going to call my son on their birthday and tell them how much I love them and how proud of them I am.
I will send my youngest son to school with a wish for a great day.
I will write.
I will breathe in life. I will soak in the sun's rays letting it's warmth seep in my skin.
I do not expect to unlock the mysteries of where my inner strength comes from, but I will nourish it and flame it's fire.
You too have your inner voice cheering you on.
You just have to know how to listen.
Cindy Lee Lothian
April 17, 2013
Advertisements
Britmouse has done a short but effective take-down on Draghi´s speech. Draghi´s first headline is: “Five years of monetary policy – the ECB has delivered” which Britmouse amended to: “the ECB has delivered (Depression)”.
I just want to ‘color it up a bit' and do a comparison with the US. As Scott Sumner has showed for the umpteenth time, Fed policy was pretty bad. The ECB has done even worse, and all in the name of the sacrosanct inflation target. This from Draghi:
In the last five years, the ECB has continued to take the necessary measures with a view to maintaining price stability in the euro area. Let me turn back to the first hearing of this Parliament's term which took place with my predecessor in September 2009. At the time, the economy was just bottoming out in the aftermath of the great contraction which had ensued after Lehman's failure. We were witnessing negative inflation rates. In this environment, the outlook was seen to be broadly in line with price stability. Inflation was projected to increase toward levels close to 2%. The key ECB interest rates were kept on hold at the very low level to which they had been brought in several stages since the autumn of the preceding year. Some phasing-out of non-standard measures was announced. However, in May 2010, sovereign debt markets froze in various euro area Member States. Financial fragmentation took a new and unfamiliar form, with financial conditions and the transmission of our monetary policy varying to a great extent across Member States. We responded by introducing the Securities Markets Programme, focused on purchases of government bonds. Initially, while the economic impact of the sovereign debt crisis was limited and largely confined to vulnerable economies, the rapid global recovery put upside pressure on energy prices. This drove up inflation also in the euro area. We decided to raise interest rates in early 2011 given upside risks to the medium term inflation outlook stemming from energy prices and from ample monetary liquidity. However, the sovereign debt crisis deepened and the euro area entered a second recession.
Britmouse correctly notes that the last “however” is out of place and should read: “We raised interest rates and naturally the Euro area then entered a second recession.”
And the “blame Lehman” meme is the biggest cop-out eagerly embraced by most central bankers!
The charts compare the Eurozone and the US. The behavior of both headline and core inflation is very similar in both places. Policy rate setting, on the other hand, is very different. While in the US rates started coming down right after the Bank Paribas affair in early August 2007, in the EZ they stayed pat. In June 2008 we read from the FOMC minutes:
“With increased upside risks to inflation and inflation expectations, members believed that the next change in the stance of policy could well be an increase in the funds rate; indeed, one member thought that policy should be firmed at this meeting.”
The ECB had no such qualms. It increased rates the next month!
The mistake of the rate increase in April and June 2011 is awesome, but to the ECB it was the correct move! Facing the same headline inflation increase due to oil prices the Fed didn´t follow the “path to perdition”.
The upshot of the accumulated mistakes by the Fed and the ECB is seen in the depressive state that their economies got stuck. In the EZ the situation in some regions (countries) is even worse, with those actually experiencing deflation.
Advertisements
Donald Trump got massive bipartisan backlash last week for saying that women who have abortions should face "some form of punishment." That's not a popular idea with either anti-abortion or pro-choice activists, so their campaign had to clarify that Trump in fact believes doctors, not women, should face criminal punishment if abortion is outlawed.
Trump had trouble sticking to this narrative, however. On Saturday, Right Wing Watch reports, Trump seemed to double down on their original statement in an interview with conservative radio host Joe Pags.
Trump said that they "didn't see any big deal" about the comments at the time they made them, and bragged about how "a lot of people" thought their answer was "excellent" and a "very good answer."
Pags said they thought Chris Matthews's abortion questioning was "ridiculous," and asked Trump why they even bothered to go on MSNBC in the first place.
Trump responded:
It was a hypothetical question. A lot of people thought my answer was excellent, by the way. There were a lot of people who thought that was a very good answer. It was a hypothetical question. I didn't see any big deal and then all of a sudden there was somewhat of a storm. And you know, it's interesting, this morning I'm hearing two hosts on television that were critical and they said, "We really thought their first answer was very good." Because you can't win. "We thought it was good, what was wrong with their first answer?" And I heard a pastor, who is a fantastic pastor, saying, "Well, you know, if you think about it, their first answer is right."
Pags seemed to agree, responding that Trump's original answer was "consistent with conservatism."
A lot of conservatives vehemently disagree with Pags on this, arguing that women are "victims" of abortion and should be treated with compassion. But he's correct in the sense that anti-abortion laws passed by conservative legislators have been used to prosecute women for abortion or miscarriage in America, even if that's not their original intent.
Aside from Trump's pro-choice stance in the past, the Washington Post reported that the candidate took five different positions on abortion in three days after their original comments. This is arguably the sixth.
Trump also said Friday that "the laws are set" right now on abortion, and that "we have to leave it that way" — which angered anti-abortion advocates for the opposite reason that their initial "punishment" comment did. The campaign stepped in again after that, arguing that Trump meant the law is set "until they are president" and can nominate the right judges who will change the law.
How much do conservatives hate Donald Trump?
Free speech is equally important whether it's shouted in a town square or posted to a personal website. The Supreme Court made that clear way back in 1997 in Reno v. ACLU, but it bears repeating as the Internet matures. Ensuring that online speech isn't relegated to second-class status when it comes to the First Amendment is at the heart of two amicus briefs just submitted on behalf of EFF and the rock star First Amendment scholars Erwin Chemerinsky and Lyrissa Lidsky in a pair of cases currently before the Texas Supreme Court.
The two cases, Burbage v. Burbage and Kinney v. Barnes, are suits for defamation. Burbage involves several statements made in person and online by the defendant Chad Burbage about their brother Kirk, accusing Kirk of committing elder abuse in the process of inheriting the family funeral home business and other property “through untoward means.” At trial, a jury determined several of Chad's statements were defamatory. In Kinney, the defendant Barnes, who runs an attorney recruiting company, posted an allegedly defamatory statement on two personal websites, claiming that Kinney, an ex-employee, had tried to bribe a law firm to hire one of their candidates.
The Texas Supreme Court is considering the same issue in both cases: Once a court has found that the defendant in a defamation suit has in fact said something defamatory about the plaintiff, can it prohibit the defendant from ever saying the statement again in the future? Or, if the defamatory statement was posted on a personal blog, can the court require the defendant to take it down and keep it down forever? These are called permanent injunctions and, as we explain in our briefs, they are not allowed in defamation cases offline and so should not be allowed in those cases online. Following the Supreme Court's lead in Reno, we argue that the Texas court should not adopt an “Internet-specific” rule allowing permanent injunctions. “If anything, the particular properties of the Internet that allow for the rapid flow of information counsel against allowing permanent injunctions in defamation cases.”
The Texas Supreme Court is expected to rule in Burbage and Kinney soon. A big thanks to Marc Fuller and Tom Leatherbury at Vinson & Elkins for helping with the brief and acting as local counsel.
Hopefully as the Assassin's Creed movie stealths closer - five months and counting, humans - we won't see too much that'll spoil the movie. However, two new screens revealed on the Assassin's Creed Twitter account shows a few clues of the way things are going to pan out. For one, Michael Fassbender, our man in the roles of both past and present Assassins Aguilar and Callum Lynch, can be seen wielding a crossbow in the 21st century.
Given that he's been brought to Abstergo to show evil Templar Alan Rikkin (Jeremy Irons) where an artefact is in the past after a jaunt into the Animus, I'm pretty sure they aren't meant to be shooting a crossbow at anyone. This just further guarantees that we're going to see the collection of modern day Assassins - you can see them all in my Assassin's Creed movie cast list - in a dramatic escape from the facility. That crossbow looks distinctly like one that the guards are carrying in the below still from the trailer. Looks like Lynch has "liberated" it from one of them.
The below screen of Aguilar doesn't have quite as much information, just further proof that Fassbender looks good in the Assassins hood in the Spanish Inquisition. The movie just needs to hide in hay until December now.
Directed by Justin Kurzel and starring Michael Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, Ariane Labed, Michael K. Williams, Jeremy Irons, and Brendan Gleeson, Assassin's Creed opens in US theatres on December 21, 2016 before being released in UK cinemas on December 26, 2016.
0 Vet says dog was intentionally shot
NORTH FULTON COUNTY, Ga. - A Newnan family rushed their foster dog to a North Fulton County pet hospital late last week with a fever, only to find out someone previously shot them Vets say the metal in five-month-old Sarah Marie's body is either buckshot, used for deer, or pellets from a pellet gun.
The Jack Russell mix has been released from BluePearl Specialty and Emergency Pet Hospital in Sandy Springs and is recovering from pneumonia.
“When they first came in, they felt so bad,” said veterinary internal medicine specialist Dr. Lisa Langs.
We asked Langs to show us Sarah Marie's X-rays from that emergency visit. The puppy had been through more in their short life than anyone thought. Langs says white dots that appear on the X-rays represent the metal.
“I'm pretty sure it was an intentional, malicious shot at her,” said Langs.
TRENDING STORIES:
“It just brought me to tears,” said Angels Among Us Pet Rescue volunteer Becky Henson. They discovered Sarah Marie at a Fitzgerald animal shelter, brought them to North Georgia and helped find a foster family.
Henson told Channel 2's Rikki Klaus, “I met them at a shelter in South Georgia and just fell in love with this little face."
So did their foster father Dale Patton.
“Well, I think she's a gentle spirit,” they said. “She's really a nice dog, and we love her,” Patton said.
Langs examined Sarah Marie Monday. The vet is glad the puppy is doing much better, but they say they see animals that were shot all too often. About 1 in 75, they told Klaus.
"It's sad because it's a statement of the fact that there's unfortunately many people out there that think it's OK to engage in that kind of behavior...basically take shots at stray animals,” said Langs.
The veterinarian says some people shoot dogs for entertainment or if they view a dog on their property as a nuisance. They say the right thing to do is call Animal Control.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
The rare event of solar eclipse had happened at Southeast Asia region, on which the dark disk of the moon creeps across the setting sun. Only people viewing from the southern Indian Ocean were among the few to see the full annular eclipse, so called because at its peak the eclipse is surrounded by an annulus, or ring, of fiery light.
A fantastic sequence of photos above shows the moon passing between Earth and the sun before, during, and after an annular eclipse, as seen on January 26, 2009, from Bandar Lampung in Indonesia. The path of the full annular eclipse crossed mostly open ocean in the southern part of the globe, starting about 560 miles (900 kilometers) south of Africa and not reaching land until it crossed Australia's Cocos (Keeling) Islands in the Indian Ocean. However, observers in southern Africa, Madagascar, Australia, and Southeast Asia were able to watch a partial eclipse.
Astronomer Jay Pasachoff used a specially equipped camera to capture images of the January 26, 2009, annular eclipse from the Indonesian island of Java. Practicing photography techniques and for getting the public excited about astronomy is significant for them as they added later.
The image of haze blurs the bright ring around an annular eclipse on January 26, 2009 was captured from Anyer Beach on the Indonesian island of Java, one of the few places where the solar eclipse was completely visible. Crowds gathered across Indonesia to witness the event, some cheering and banging drums as the moon seemed to cross the face of the sun.
These two magnificient photos were taken from Malaysia. The clouds seem to fold during the eclipse and the color reacts accordingly. The picture has been taken from one of the busiest highway in the nation.
Pictures and Info Sources: National Geographic Photos, Thestar Online and Berita Harian Online.
Category: Arts and Culture, South East Asia
Toronto, ON – The Canadian Hockey League today announced that Alex Gogolev of the Victoria Royals is the CHL Player of the Week for recording 12 points including three goals and nine assists along with a plus-minus rating of plus-2 in four games for the week ending January 20.
Gogolev led the Royals to four wins last week and produced a multi-point effort in each victory. They started the week with a goal and two assists on Tuesday night in a 6-4 win over the Kamloops Blazers, then picked up two assists in the rematch Wednesday night helping the Royals grab a 3-2 shootout victory over the Blazers. Gogolev then claimed second star honours twice to wrap up the week including Friday night after scoring the game-winner with two assists in a 6-2 win over the Vancouver Giants, and Saturday in Kamloops with a goal and three assists in the 5-4 win over the Blazers to extend the Royals' winning-streak to a season-high five straight games.
Gogolev, a 20-year-old from Moscow, Russia, is playing in their second WHL season and first with the Royals.  They are currently 16th in WHL scoring with 55 points including 16 goals and 39 assists in 42 games and is just two points shy of the 57 they posted last season with the Calgary Hitmen.
Also considered for the award this week was Dmitrij Jaskin of the Moncton Wildcats who scored three goals and seven assists for 10 points in three games, and J.P. Labardo of the Erie Otters who scored two goals and five assists for seven points in two games.
2012-13 CHL Players of the Week:
Jan. 14 – Jan. 20: Alex Gogolev, Victoria Royals
Jan. 7 – Jan 13: Valentin Zykov, Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Dec. 31 – Jan. 6: Zach O'Brien, Acadie-Bathurst Titan
Dec. 24 – Dec. 30: Anton Zlobin, Val-d'Or Foreurs
Dec. 10 – Dec. 16: Alex Galchenyuk, Sarnia Sting
Dec. 3 – Dec. 9: Jaimen Yakubowski, Lethbridge Hurricanes
Nov. 26 – Dec. 2: Josh Currie, PEI Rocket
Nov. 19 – Nov. 25: Scott Kosmachuk, Guelph Storm
Nov. 12 – Nov. 18: Raphaël Bussières, Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Nov. 5 – Nov. 11 : Philippe Maillet, Victoriaville Tigres
Oct. 29 – Nov. 4 : Brett Ritchie, Niagara IceDogs
Oct. 22 – Oct. 28: Curtis Valk, Medicine Hat Tigers
Oct. 15 – Oct. 21: Hunter Garlent, Guelph Storm
Oct. 8 – Oct. 14: JC Lipon, Kamloops Blazers
Oct. 1 – Oct. 7: JC Lipon, Kamloops Blazers
Sept. 24 – Sept. 30: Jean-Sébastien Dea, Rouyn-Noranda Huskies
Sept. 20 – Sept. 23: Jonathan Drouin, Halifax Mooseheads
There is a fine line between dissent and disintegration. Societies that are aware of this maxim prosper and those societies that dilute it inevitably disintegrate. Freedom of thought and expression has once again become a focal point due to recent events at the Ramjas College of Delhi University where students on both sides of ideological spectrum confronted each other over withdrawing Umar Khalid's name from a lecture.
Two years ago, when All India Bakchod (AIB) was criticised and faced legal action for organising AIB Roast event where filthy jokes and expletives were made at the expense of offending the participants, I strongly supported their freedom of creative expression despite me not endorsing it. I must reiterate that freedom of thought and expression is an immensely valuable gift bestowed upon us by our Constitution and it must be protected from a lunatic fringe at any cost.
As I had mentioned in the beginning of this post, there is a fine line between dissent and disintegration. When somebody utters words such as "Kashmir demands azaadi", or "Bharat tere tukde honge", we need to ask them a very pointed question that how are they going to achieve this goal of theirs?
Those who do not learn from history are condemned to repeat it. In 1947, our motherland was partitioned into two dominions — India and Pakistan. More than 15 million people were uprooted and between one and two million were dead. Rape (75,000 women), forced conversions and mass abductions defined the birth of our nation. This is what happens when societies disintegrate. The asupervisorstioned casualties are a horrific reminder of manifestations of some people who have exhibited such extremist tendencies. And it doesn't end there.
Furthermore, in 1974 Pakistan amended the Constitution declaring members of the Ahmadi sect as non-Muslims thereby restricting their religious freedom. In fact, Pakistan's first ever Nobel Laureate, Abdus Salam was an Ahmadi whose remarkable contributions in Physics were erased from Pakistan's collective memory. In addition to this, Maleeha Lodhi, Pakistan's Permanent Representative to the United Nations deleted a tweet that noted that Mahershala Ali (House of Cards fame who is actually an Ahmadi) was the first Muslim actor to win an Academy Award.
Let us look at another example. In 1971, the Pakistani Army killed lakhs of Bengalis in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) and forced 10 million to flee to India. It is a forgotten genocide. Moreover, in the contemporary times, since the year 2015 bloggers from Bangladesh who espoused the values of secularism, pluralism and spoke in favour of atheism were hacked to death by Islamist extremists.
Every country has to define and decide its non-negotiables. The topmost priority amongst those non-negotiables are the territorial sovereignty of our nation. It does not matter which caste, creed, religion or political affiliation we belong to; maintaining the territorial integrity is absolutely necessary.
A society like us which has a horrific past has to be very careful when it utters words like "Bharat tere tukde honge". Everybody agrees that a speech that unashamedly incites violence is objectionable. Hence my question to everybody is what will be the consequences of such utterances? Who will take responsibility if lives are lost when some misguided youth accepts this slogan literally and goes on a violent killing spree? How can "Bharat tere tukde honge" be a part of national discourse? Isn't this inciting violence towards citizens of India?
We are a young and vibrant democracy. Sixty-five percent of India's population are under the age group of 15-35 years. We are undergoing an exciting era of harnessing the dividend of that demographic. A country as young as ours should focus its energies on debating issues such as endemic poverty, employment growth, income inequality, gender inequality, environmental degradation, poor educational and indicators, etc. These issues will be resolved when the collective conscience of our country is focused in the right direction instead of thinking about India's Balkanisation.
The solution to each and every problem that exists in our country is more democracy and steadfast adherence to the Constitution of India. What is happening in certain campuses across India does not help us in moving forward towards this positive goal. Let us work towards strengthening our democracy rather than weakening it, which could well be the case if these "break India forces — the tukde gang" of few campuses have their way.
The author is a member of parliament from Mumbai North and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Product Details
Product Details
As low as $5.99 per coin over spot!
The koala is one of Australia's most popular animals, accounting for the exceptional success of the Australian Koala series that began in 2007. Each year features a new design, adding collectibility to the .999 fine Silver series.
Coin Highlights: Contains 1 oz of .999 fine Silver.
Each coin comes in a protective plastic capsule.
Eligible for Precious Metals IRAs .
. Reverse: An adult koala sitting in a tree, with an Australian bush landscape in the background.
Obverse: Ian Rank-Broadley likeness of Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and the monetary denomination.
Sovereign coin backed by the Australian government.
Protect and display your Silver Koala in style by adding an attractive presentation box to your order.
Koalas are loved around the world, and now you can bring home your very own Silver Koala. Add this 2015 1 oz Silver Koala to your cart today! Protect and display your Silver Koala in style by adding an attractiveto your order.Koalas are loved around the world, and now you can bring home your very own Silver Koala. Add this 2015 1 oz Silver Koala to your cart today! Related Searches
Silver Koala Coin Investments
The koala is one of Australia's most popular animals, accounting for the exceptional success of the Australian Koala series that began in 2007. Each year features a new design, adding collectibility to the .999 fine Silver series.
Product Specifications Product ID: 84448
Year: 2015
Grade: Brilliant Unc
Grade Service: None
Denomination: $1.00 Dollar
Mint Mark: P - Perth Mint
Metal Content: 1 troy oz Purity: .999
Thickness: 2.98 mm
Diameter: 40.6 mm
Inner Pack: 100
Outer Pack: 300 Download Perth Mint Koala Coins (1 oz Size) Specifications
The Australian Silver Koala was first introduced by the Perth Mint in 2007. Although the Silver Koala is one of the mint's newer bullion coins, the design of Australia's adorable marsupial and the Precious Metal content have made this coin very popular among investors and collectors alike. Made of .999 fine Silver and available in sizes of 1/10 oz, 1/2 oz, 1 oz, 5 oz, 10 oz and 1 kilo, this Silver bullion coin is sure to enhance any portfolio.
The Australian Silver Koala is among the few bullion coins to change its design annually. The reverse of the coin always features at least one adult koala but eucalyptus leaves and the Outback are often incorporated into the design as well. The obverse depicts the current profile of Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II at the time of minting.
Established in 1899, the Perth Mint predates the federation of Australia by two years. The mint was initially established for two reasons: to refine the vast amounts of Gold flooding in from various areas of Western Australia and to produce Gold sovereigns and half sovereigns to be used throughout Great Britain. Although Australia became an independent nation in 1901, the Perth Mint remained under the authority of the British crown until 1970. Following a 1987 State Act of Parliament, Gold Corporation, a company entirely owned by the Government of Western Australia, was established and mandated to operate the Perth Mint to market their Gold, Silver and Platinum Australian coins overseas.
The Perth Mint is also known for its outstanding quality and industry-leading creations. In 1957, the mint produced a 13 oz proof “plate” of .999999 fine Gold, the highest purity ever achieved. In 2011, they created the world's largest, heaviest and most valuable Gold coin, containing .9999 fine Gold and weighing 2,231 pounds, that was worth $53.5 million (AUD) at the time of minting.
So should you keep eggs in the fridge? Scientists crack the age-old argument over whether chilled or room temperature is best
Some believe eggs must be kept in fridge to prevent food poisoning, while others insist room temperature is best
Scientists monitored two batches of eggs over period of two weeks for changes
Stud y found there was absolutely no difference between the two
While bakers insist room temperature eggs best bind ingredients together, fridge freaks fear they will go off if not chilled
There are two types of people in the world: those who keep their eggs in the fridge and those who think room temperature is best.
Each camp is convinced of its own common sense — and regards the other lot as cracked.
The controversy has raged for years and has recently been whisked up once again by a survey that found Britons are the least likely people in Europe to store eggs in the fridge.
Now the Daily Mail has commissioned a scientific study to provide the definitive answer to this vexed question.
The answer may surprise you. But first let's remind ourselves of the arguments on both sides of the debate.
On one side are those who think that unless eggs are put in the fridge — which has a plastic rack for the purpose — there is a risk of food poisoning.
According to the British Egg Information Service, the only place to keep food cool and avoid temperature fluctuations is the fridge, ‘hence the advice on egg packs'.
This view is backed by two experts at Bristol University's School of Veterinary Science, Dr Rosamund Baird and Dr Janet Corry, who say that if an egg is contaminated with the bacteria salmonella, storing it at room temperature allows the salmonella to multiply.
Worryingly, they say, you won't be able to spot any change in colour, smell or consistency.
‘Salmonella will not multiply in the fridge,' they say.
They acknowledge that ‘very few UK-produced eggs contain salmonella'.
In fact, British-produced, Lion-branded eggs account for 85 per cent of our egg market — and the brand is guaranteed to come from hens vaccinated against salmonella.
However, Baird and Corry warn that ‘imported eggs are much more often positive for salmonella'.
Rachel Khoo, TV chef and presenter of The Little Paris Kitchen, and Simon Rimmer, chef and presenter of Channel 4's Sunday Brunch, have declared themselves to be fans of chilling eggs.
They also have the support of kitchen scientists from across the Atlantic. In a U.S. study in the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture last year, investigators subjected eggs to a battery of tests to assess their quality, after they had stored more than 2,000 of them at various temperatures for up to four weeks.
The study reported that egg quality was found to deteriorate at four weeks in temperatures of 7.2 c or above (room temperature is normally taken to be 20 c).
The optimum temperature for lengthy storage, said investigators from Texas A&M University's department of poultry science, was between 0.6 c and 2.2 c.
A fridge's temperature is typically between 1.7 c and 3.3 c — but obviously you can adjust it to fit your chosen parameters.
Other U.S. scientists are even more cautious. The highly respected Mayo Clinic recommends you throw away eggs if they have been left out of the fridge for more than two hours.
Utter nonsense, say the ‘warm eggers', who insist that refrigerating eggs is not only futile in terms of safety, but also ruins their flavour and causes baking disasters because a cold egg does not bind with other ingredients.
Tim Hayward, who presents the Food Programme on BBC Radio 4 and is a restaurant columnist for the Financial Times, says: ‘A fresh, free-range egg should last beautifully at room temperature for at least a week.
While some chefs like Raymond Blanc (left) insist eggs don't need to be chilled, others have admitted they are fans of keeping them in the fridge like Rachel Khoo (right)
‘The racks in the fridge door are the worst place to store eggs. The constant shaking thins the whites and the flavours of other foods can penetrate the shell.'
The fridge shunners have also won support from an unlikely source — the Royal Navy's Trident submarine force.
Michael Perkins, a former Navy man from Fareham, Hampshire, revealed in a letter to a news-paper that when they served on nuclear submarines in the Nineties, ‘the bulk of the eggs would be stored in the sonar electrical compartment, in relatively warm ambient temperatures, and would remain perfectly edible throughout the long voyage'.
The only precaution the crew took was to turn over the boxes every few days, in order to prevent the yolks settling.
Mercifully there were never any mishaps, which must be reassuring for anyone who worries that Britain's nuclear strike-deterrent might get laid low by a rum bunch of eggy soldiers.
Warm eggers have support, too, from celebrity chefs.
Raymond Blanc declared: ‘People have got into the habit of refrigerating absolutely everything when often there is no need.'
In similar vein, Fay Ripley, the actor and author of What's For Dinner, says they leave eggs out of the fridge because ‘it makes them better for cooking'.
The anti-fridge brigade points out that our supermarkets keep eggs in the middle of the aisle, completely non-refrigerated.
Some fear the spread of bacterias such as Salmonella if eggs aren't kept in a fridge or below 20C
But according to the pro- chilling British Egg Information Service: ‘For optimum freshness and food safety, eggs should be kept at a constant temperature below 20 c. Most modern supermarkets are kept below 20 c so it is not necessary for retailers to store them in a fridge.'
The risk of eggs going off is increased mostly by significant changes in temperature, says a spokesperson, ‘for example, eggs being moved from a fridge to a hot car after purchase'.
Likewise, it adds: ‘To avoid the typical temperature fluctuations in a domestic kitchen, we recommend that eggs are stored in their box in the fridge.' So, not in the purpose-built racks then.
That's a lot of conflicting advice, so we have taken the scientific route to settle the matter.
The Mail commissioned the West Yorkshire-based FoodTest Laboratories to compare batches of Lion-branded British eggs bought from Tesco.
FoodTest provides the food and drink industry with government-approved laboratory analysis to ensure the safety, quality and legality of their products.
The company kept two batches of eggs for a fortnight, one at room temperature, the other at a typical fridge temperature of 6c.
Samples from both batches were regularly tested for nasties such as E.coli, the superbug staphylococcus aureus, salmonella, listeria and campylobacter.
The results, taken at the start point of the test, at the end of the first week and at the end of the second week, were all the same.
There was no difference whatsoever between the two batches. Both remained bacteria-free.
Jay Tolley, the operations and quality manager at FoodTest, confirmed that where safety is concerned: ‘There is no advantage in keeping the eggs refrigerated as opposed to storing them at ambient room temperature.'
The results of our admittedly small-scale but highly scientific test show it seems perfectly OK to keep your Lion-branded eggs outside the fridge.
So there you are — we've cracked it.
Ralph Plaisted (30 September 1927[1] – 8 September 2008) and their three companions, Walt Pederson, Gerry Pitzl and Jean-Luc Bombardier, are regarded by most polar authorities to be the first to succeed in a surface traverse across the ice to the North Pole on 19 April 1968, making the first confirmed surface conquest of the Pole.
Background [ edit ]
Plaisted was a high-school dropout from Bruno, Minnesota, who found success as an insurance salesperson. An avid outdoorsman, in the early 1960s they were one of the first Minnesotans to buy a Ski-Doo snowmobile, a then-novel invention of Canada's Bombardier Company, and became a convert and booster of the machine. In 1965, Plaisted drove their snowmobile 250 miles from Ely to White Bear Lake, Minnesota in one day, which is regarded as the first long-distance snowmobile trek.[2]
Arctic expedition [ edit ]
Plaisted and their friend Art Aufderheide conceived the idea of reaching the North Pole by snowmobile in the spring of 1966, aiming to make the trip the following year. Customized clothing was assembled for the team, which they tested by sleeping on a frozen lake in northern Minnesota.[3] In April and May 1967 Plaisted's first attempt was thwarted at 83° 20' latitude by storms and open water. The attempt did result in a CBS-TV documentary To the Top of the World, reported by Charles Kuralt, who accompanied the Plaisted team.
Plaisted returned for a successful attempt the following year in March, 1968. Starting at Canada's Ward Hunt Island just a few miles from Peary's start at Cape Columbia on Ellesmere Island, Plaisted began the 412 miles traverse on March 9.[4]
Navigating with a sextant and resupplied when possible with fuel and supplies dropped by a turboprop DeHavilland Twin Otter, the expedition members spent 43 days, 11 hours traveling on the ice before reaching their final camp on the evening of April 19. Navigator Jerry Pitzl made hourly sextant sightings over the next two days to confirm their location. On the morning of April 20, the party journeyed somewhat less than four miles to account for ice drift, and signaled a United States Air Force C-135 weather reconnaissance aircraft using a handheld radio. At 10:30 am eastern daylight time, the aircraft, call sign LARK-47, flew overhead confirming the party was exactly at the North Pole. The party was then flown out.
Given the doubts surrounding the North Pole conquest claims of Robert Peary and Frederick Cook, Ralph Plaisted's journey is regarded as the first undisputed surface conquest of the North Pole. Affidavits signed by resupply pilots Welland Phipps and Ken Lee confirm that the expedition did not cover any distance by air.[5]
Lawson, Guy (2016-03-17). "An Insurance Salesman and a Doctor Walk Into a Bar, and End Up at the North Pole". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331 .
Washington Wizards fans had already become impatient with the team after starting the 2016-17 season 0-3. Prior to their season opener against Toronto on Wednesday, center Marcin Gortat claimed how the game was a “must-win.” I'm not sure that game three of 82 would be categorized as such, but the point behind Gortat's comments was that the team couldn't dig themselves a hole early on in the season.
The Wizards ultimately lost to Toronto on Wednesday, making last night's game even bigger. The bulk of the production came from the starters with little help from the bench rotation. It is starting to become a routine thing that needs to be fixed, and head coach Scott Brooks has every intention on doing so. But last night, an explosive performance from Bradley Beal was enough to get the Wizards their first win of the season.
Beal scored 20 of their 28 points in the second half and shot 6-of-16 from the field, 3-of-8 from three, and a career-high 13-of-14 from the free-throw line. Leading up to last night's performance, Beal had averaged 14 points on 38.1 percent shooting from the field and 28.6 percent from beyond the arc.
Beal has the ability to go for these explosive performances on any given night. The hope is that they can take this game and continue to build off of it going forward. John Wall and Markieff Morris have carried the load in the first three games, so when Beal has a great game, the chances of the Wizards coming out with a win increase dramatically.
Beal will count on even more going into tonight's game against the Orlando Magic. Brooks announced after last night's game that Wall would sit out the back end of back-to-backs as part of their rehabilitation process still stemming from the procedures they had on both knees dating back to the summer. If the Wizards want to spark a winning streak, it starts tonight. You don't have to look any further than Beal in terms of the x-factor to get that winning streak established.
Virtual Reality
With the rising popularity of virtual reality devices like the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift, more and more users are being introduced to the revolutionary technology which has continued to progress rapidly in recent years. Technology that used to be something out of science fiction movies is slowly becoming accessible to the everyday consumer. For most consumers, seamless total immersion in VR worlds is not quite available yet — however, it is reasonable to think that the ability to have near-complete immersion in a VR setting is only a few years away.
ALL OF THIS RAPID CHANGE BEGS THE QUESTION: WHERE DID VIRTUAL REALITY GET ITS START?
PRE-1900
The Stereoscope
At this point, there is not much that resembles VR as we know it today, but foundations for current visualization technology can be seen as early as the mid-1800s. Charles Wheatstone invented the earliest form of the stereoscope in 1838, which utilized the brain's capability to fuse two slightly different images into one, by isolating a fixed image over each eye — creating a three-dimensional effect.
Wheatstone's stereoscope introduced depth and immersion into two-dimensional images through manipulating the brain's depth perception. Though the 1800s stereoscope is primitive technology by today's standards, current products such as Google Cardboard and other mobile phone VR displays utilize nearly identical methods for creating a sense of depth.
1920–1930
Before 1900, VR technology was limited to optical tricks, but after the turn of the century, inventors began to create more sophisticated VR and simulation devices. The 1920s also gave us the first large-scale practical usage of VR technology — flight simulation.
Flight Simulation
In 1929, Edwin Link invented the first flight simulator, dubbed the “Link Trainer” or “Blue Box.” Link's flight simulator incorporated a fuselage replica with controls and motors to help airmen experience operating a plane before jumping into the real thing, therefore streamlining the training process. During World War II, over 500,000 airmen were trained using Link's invention.
A Short Story
In 1935, Stanley G. Weinbaum's short story “Pygmalion's Spectacles” effectively predicted modern-day VR technology. The book features a pair of goggles that let the wearer travel through a holographic simulation of fictional experiences — a kind of precursor to current VR technology.
1950–1970
The 1950s is where VR devices started to take similar shape to the familiar iterations that are commonplace today. Stanley Weinbaum's earlier prediction of VR goggles was not too far off, and the first models of head-mounted displays (HMDs) were debuted in the 1950s and 1960s.
A vintage gem of a home video of Morton Heilig describing their Sensorama.
Heilig and the Experience Theater
Cinematographer Morton Heilig wrote on a medium they named “Experience Theatre,” something that would be able to fully encompass and immerse the viewer into the film playing. In 1962, Heilig released their first prototype of the machine they had envisioned, dubbed the “Sensorama.” They also debuted a collection of five short films with the Sensorama, and Heilig's invention incorporated sight, sound, touch, and smell into the viewing experience. In 1960, Heilig patented the Telesphere Mask, which featured a 3D stereoscopic display. The Telesphere Mask was a kind of first iteration of a HMD, though Heilig's invention did not feature motion tracking, and was fully mechanical — without connection to a computer.
The Sword of Damocles — A truly intimidating VR HMD
The first HMD
In 1968, Ivan Sutherland and their student Bob Sproull created the first HMD for use in immersive applications, which was also the first HMD with motion tracking and computer connectivity. By modern comparison, the viewing experience was extremely primitive, and the device was so heavy that it had to be mounted to the ceiling for support. Its enormous size perhaps led to its name, “The Sword of Damocles.” Though the display showed only wire-frame models, it was revolutionary for the time, and provided the foundation for motion tracking HMDs that are commonplace today.
1970–1990
As the age of computers surged forward, advancement in VR technology progressed rapidly. We began to see applications of VR in video games, and the first virtual worlds were created, although they would be considered to be quite primitive by today's standards. The widely used term “virtual reality” was also created and popularized during the 80s.
MIT and the Aspen Moviemap
In 1978, a team from MIT developed the “Aspen Moviemap,” an early hypermedia system that allowed users to take a virtual tour through Aspen, Colorado. The program was a simple simulation of the city, and had three modes, summer, winter, and polygons. The first two modes were completely based on photographs — the team physically walked through the city, photographing every inch of the city streets where possible. The polygon mode was a crude 3D model of the city.
Atari gets into VR
In 1982 Atari founded a virtual reality research lab, but was forced to shut it down after the 1983 video game market crash. However, members from the Atari team went on to found VPL Research, which created a variety of virtual reality gear, such as the Data Glove, Eye Phone, and Audio Sphere. Co-founder of VPL, Jaron Lanier, is also often credited for coining the term “virtual reality.” VPL eventually licensed the Data Glove to Mattel, who then used the technology to create the not-so-successful Power Glove accessory for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). Though the Power Glove was difficult to use and was not very popular, it was one of the earliest affordable VR devices, and has managed to attract somewhat of a cult following through video game, television, and film references.
1990–2000
The 1990s and 2000s were an interesting time for VR; many companies tried their hand at creating VR devices, but few were considered commercial successes. However, the technology featured in these devices is essentially the generation preceding our current iterations, such as the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. The first relatively inexpensive consumer HMDs were made available to the public, and the first versions of head tracking-capable VR devices were created.
Sega
The first consumer grade VR devices were made widely available in the 1990s, and VR technology began to take a similar shape to what we are familiar with today. In 1991, video game giant Sega released the Sega VR headset for use with arcade games, and the HMD incorporated LCD screens, stereo headphones, and a simple inertial sensor that allowed for a primitive version of head tracking.
Virtuality Group
The Virtuality group launched its linked multiplayer VR system in the same year, and gave players the opportunity to play with friends in real-time. The Virtuality system had relatively low latency (<50ms), and stereoscopic 3D visuals in their HMD.
Nintendo Virtual Boy
Nintendo's Virtual Boy was released in 1995, and was the first portable gaming console that could display true 3D graphics. The console was largely a flop — reasons cited were its uncomfortable gaming position, two-color display (red and black), and lack of software support. It was discontinued in 1996, but was one of the first forays into portable VR devices.
2000-PRESENT
The 21st century brought breakthroughs in many areas of VR technology, both on the hardware and software sides. Higher-resolution displays and advanced multi-directional motion tracking have been implemented into new HMDs, and game and audio engines have been updated to give VR developers the tools to create more immersive worlds.
Street View
In 2007, Google launched Street View, which allows for a realistic representation of maps throughout the world, and in 2010, a stereoscopic 3D mode was implemented into the service. Street View was one of the first large-scale uses of 360 degree media, something that VR is becoming increasingly connected with in the industry's current landscape.
Oculus Rift Consumer Version
Oculus and the Launch of Consumer VR
In 2010, Palmer Luckey debuted the first prototype of the Oculus Rift, and although it was based on a shell of a different 3D headset and was only capable of rotational head tracking, it incorporated a 90-degree field of vision that was revolutionary at the time. It's also crazy to think that the Oculus is seven years old already!
Valve
In 2013, gaming giant, Valve, discovered a method to reduce lag and smearing in VR through low-persistence displays, and openly shared the technology. Oculus and other later adopted the technology into their own displays.
PSVR
2014 — A Big Year for VR
2014 was a huge year for VR hardware, with many new headsets mobile devices hitting the market. Valve launched the Steam Sight prototype, which is the precursor to the company's current headsets on the market. Facebook also purchased Oculus for $2 billion in 2014, before any of the company's 2012 Kickstarter campaign units had shipped to its backers.
In 2014, Sony announced Project Morpheus, which would later debut the PlayStation VR system for the PlayStation 4. PSVR is one of the most popular and accessible VR devices, and Sony is continuing to facilitate development of games and software for their platform.
Google Cardboard
In 2014, Google announced Cardboard, a do-it-yourself stereoscopic viewer for smartphones (thanks Charles Wheatstone). Cardboard is one of the simplest and affordable options to break into the VR world, and only requires a smartphone capable of running VR applications.
Fove HMD
FOVE Headset
In 2014, FOVE announced the first eye-tracking VR headset, with the goal of raising $250,000 on Kickstarter. The goal was smashed in less than four days, and FOVE has raised over $400,000 for their unique HMD. FOVE's headset aims to reduce excess head movement, thereby reducing simulator sickness in the process.
HTC Vive
In February 2015, Valve and HTC announced the Vive headset and controllers, which uses room-scale tracking technology, and is considered to be one of the frontrunners of current VR technology.
OSSIC X 3D Audio Headphones
OSSIC and 3D Audio for VR
In 2016, focus on accurate HRTF and binaural audio continues to increase as more and more companies are dipping into the VR industry. The development of higher-resolution displays continues to be significant in order to create maximum immersion for the user, as well as the recreation of accurate and realistic sound in headphones like the OSSIC X.
MOVING FORWARD
In addition to VR hardware manufacturers like HTC, Oculus, and Sony, VR pioneers continue to develop more immersive technology in order to create engaging virtual worlds for consumers to explore. Some are working on virtual platforms for social media and connectivity, some are developing exciting VR games and videos, and others are behind the scenes, developing game and sound engines to provide developers with the tools to keep the industry progressing.
At OSSIC, we are dedicated to providing enthusiasts with truly immersive sound — while our partners push the boundaries of visuals and VR landscapes, we are working to revolutionize the way VR does audio.
How sans serif is your beard? Are your chin whiskers more of a Bodoni, a time, or a Comic Sans? Exactly what typographical allegiances does your facial ‘fro owe? And what is your favorite font's beard brother?
These are the questions asked by the Typography Beard Guide, a humorous chart by artist and beard wearer Christian Goldemann, in which 25 popular facial hairstyles are assigned a font based upon their layout and characteristics of its follicles.
Asked by Co.Design about what makes a good font brother for a beard, the Stuttgart graphic designer is the first to admit they can't really explain it in words. “For most of the facial hairstyles, I picked fonts based upon the shape of the beard or whether a particular person who wore that kind of beard would have favored a particular font,” Goldemann tells me. “But it's more than just linking a certain beard to a font that was contemporary at a time, or to a person. There's no set formula.”
Nonetheless, you can pretty easily intuit the method behind the madness of the Typography Beard Guide. A plain moustache like the one John Watson liked to wear gets paired with the Baskerville font because of the Sherlock Holmes connection. A Darwin style beard is font brother to the sensible and eminent Hoefler Text, which seems like a font Darwin would have liked. The Old Dutch becomes the moustache-less beard of righteous, no-nonsense Garamond, while wearing No Beard at all makes your face as bald, boring, and openly readable as Verdana.
Other pairings aren't necessarily as obvious. For example, an Egyptian Goatee is paired with Clarendon, a font-beard combination that makes sense only if you know that Clarendon is a slab serif, or Egyptian, style font. Balbo and Bembo seem mostly paired for the pleasing typographic similarities of their names. And some combinations are hard to figure out at all: Pairing Futura with Z.Z. Top is befuddling at best.
For the most part, though, the Typography Beard Guide does somehow grok with our own internal expectations of the types of facial hair the fonts living inside our computers would actually wear. Of course Franklin Gothic wears a prim, fastidious Hungarian moustache. Flamboyant, flashy Zapfino would obviously wax up its Dali before making an appearance anywhere. Helvetica Neue is the typographic avatar of Frank Zappa, and as for Akzidenz Grotesk, what better beard for that font than Rasputin's beard of choice, the Garibaldi? Rasputin, after all, was stabbed, shot, poisoned, strangled, beaten, and drowned. Talk about grotesque accidents.
As for the legendary pornstache? What other font accurately conveys its oiliness, its misplaced confidence, its sleazy sensuality better than Fago? You could tattoo the word “moustache” across your upper lip in the font for the exact same effect.
Just like Schopenhauer and Nietzsche assumed … From The Hindu:
How genetics is settling the Aryan migration debate
Tony Joseph JUNE 16, 2017 23:49 IST
New DNA evidence is solving the most fought-over question in Indian history. And you will be surprised at how sure-footed the answer is, writes Tony Joseph
The thorniest, most fought-over question in Indian history is slowly but surely getting answered: did Indo-European language speakers, who called themselves Aryans, stream into India sometime around 2,000 BC – 1,500 BC when the Indus Valley civilisation came to an end, bringing with them Sanskrit and a distinctive set of cultural practices? Genetic research based on an avalanche of new DNA evidence is making scientists around the world converge on an unambiguous answer: yes, they did.
This may come as a surprise to many — and a shock to some — because the dominant narrative in recent years has been that genetics research had thoroughly disproved the Aryan migration theory. This interpretation was always a bit of a stretch as anyone who read the nuanced scientific papers in the original knew. But now it has broken apart altogether under a flood of new data on Y-chromosomes (or chromosomes that are transmitted through the male parental line, from father to son).
Until recently, only data on mtDNA (or matrilineal DNA, transmitted only from mother to daughter) were available and that seemed to suggest there was little external infusion into the Indian gene pool over the last 12,500 years or so. New Y-DNA data has turned that conclusion upside down, with strong evidence of external infusion of genes into the Indian male lineage during the period in question.
The reason for the difference in mtDNA and Y-DNA data is obvious in hindsight: there was strong sex bias in Bronze Age migrations. In other words, those who migrated were predominantly male and, therefore, those gene flows do not really show up in the mtDNA data.
Photo
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — Harvard University revealed Thursday what could be its largest cheating scandal in memory, saying that about 125 students might have worked in groups on a take-home final exam despite being explicitly required to work alone.
The accusations, related to a single undergraduate class in the spring semester, deal with “academic dishonesty, ranging from inappropriate collaboration to outright plagiarism,” the administration said in a note sent to students.
Officials said that nearly half of the more than 250 students in the class were under investigation by the Harvard College Administrative Board and that if they were found to have cheated, they could be suspended for a year. The students have been notified that they are suspected and will be called to give their accounts in investigative hearings.
“This is unprecedented in its scope and magnitude,” said Jay Harris, the dean of undergraduate education.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Administrators would not reveal the name of the class or even the department, saying that they wanted to protect the identities of the accused students. The Harvard Crimson, the university's student newspaper, reported that it was a government class, Introduction to Congress, which had 279 students, and that it was taught by Matthew B. Platt, an assistant professor.
Moscow, March 23 (IANS) Russian President Vladimir Putin has sent their condolences to Singapore President Tony Tan Keng Yam over the death of the founding father of modern Singapore and its first prime minister Lee Kuan Yew, Tass news agency reported.
Lee Kuan Yew, who is credited with transforming Singapore into an economic and financial powerhouse, died early on Monday at the age of 91.
The Russian president praised Singapore's achievements in the social, economic, scientific and technical fields under the leadership of Lee Kuan Yew, an outstanding politician in modern history, the Kremlin press office said.
"Over the decades of their work in the post of the prime minister and other posts, they won the sincere love and respect of their compatriots, and also the highest international respect," Putin said in their message.
Lee Kuan Yew will be remembered in Russia as a consistent advocate of the development of friendly relations between the two countries who made a considerable personal contribution to strengthening mutually advantageous bilateral cooperation, Putin said.
Dispatchers got a call Wednesday at 4:23 a.m. about a dude wearing only shorts and socks. Responding deputies found the man, later identified as Paul Eggers Greene, 18, jumping up and down, screaming, yelling, and waving their arms, according to a news release from the Charlotte County Sheriff's Office.
Deputies said Greene was yelling that they were "Jesus" and everyone was coming to get him.
As a deputy approached Greene, they allegedly ran towards them aggressively while flailing their arms.
Greene stopped when ordered to do so -- but not for long. Greene was tased when they then rushed at the deputy again in full aggressive sprint, the release stated.
After being tased, Greene began flailing their arms and legs and tried to strike the deputy before biting the lawman...and refusing to let go, deputies said.
After being tased again, Greene reportedly released their bite.
While deputies struggled to handcuff the Rotundra West teen, they reportedly rolled over and kicked at deputies, causing deputies to tase them for a third time.
Greene continued their violent outbursts causing scrapes and abrasions to their knees, feet, elbows, and shoulder, deputies said.
Greene was charged with Battery on a Law Enforcement Officer, Assault on a Law Enforcement Officer, Resisting Arrest with Violence and Disorderly Intoxication .
Deputies also stated they believed they were under the influence of some type of drug and took them to a hospital before booking him.
This is Greens second booking at the Charlotte County Jail, according to the report.
More FloriDUH
The fastest lap of all: paying tribute to a little-known motorsport record.
What's the fastest lap of a road course in motor racing? By road course I don't mean an oval, but a circuit with both left- and right-hand bends. I suspect many people will say the answer is Juan Pablo Montoya's lap of Monza during qualifying for the 2004 Italian Grand Prix. With nearly 1000 horsepower from the BMW V10 in their Williams FW26, Montoya lapped Monza at an average speed of 162.9mph in the pre-qualifying session.
Until a few months ago, I thought this was the fastest-ever lap of a road circuit, but reading Paul Parker's excellent Sportscar Racing in Camera 1970-79, a small caption mentioned that Jacky Ickx had set a pole lap with an average speed of 163.679mph. Even more sensational than the time is that Ickx was not at Monza, but at one of the most daunting and dangerous circuits of all time, the original Spa Francorchamps. They aren't driving an F1 car either, but a Ferrari 312PB sports prototype.
Equally impressive as Ickx's pole lap for the Spa 1000km was the race lap record set by rival Henri Pescarolo in a Matra MS670B, barely any slower than Ickx's lap at 163.086mph.
The Ferrari and Matra were the state of the art in sportscar racing at the time. The Ferrari produced around 440bhp from a 3.0 flat 12, weighed the regulation 650kg and had very low drag. At Spa Ferrari chose to run the same low downforce configuration as used at Monza and Le Mans, with a longer tail presumably to aid high speed stability. Compared heir modern equivalents, the cars lacked any form of real crash protection, especially since the drivers legs were out in front of the front axle.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that the 312PB would be no match for a modern F1 car like Montoya's Williams, which goes to show just how extreme the old Spa circuit was. At just over 8.7 miles long, the circuit only had one slow corner, the La Source hairpin, which is still part of the modern circuit today. Eau Rouge was there too, but the truly revered corner was the Masta Kink at the top of the circuit. A fearsome left hand bends at the end of the long 1.5 mile straight, Ickx, Pescarolo and their fellow competitors would be approaching it at 180mph.
The video below shows the circuit layout with an onboard camera before the start of a GT race in 1962. By 1973 Armco barriers would have been added but the circuit is basically the same.
As far back as 1939 when British Grand Prix driver Dick Seaman was killed in a Mercedes Grand Prix car, questions had been raised about Spa's safety, and by 1973 the days of the old Spa circuit were numbered. Formula 1 had stopped racing there after 1970, mainly due to the safety crusade led by Jackie Stewart. While the World Sportscar Championship races continued, they were boycotted by drivers who were members of the Grand Prix Drivers Association, since in those days F1 drivers often raced sports prototypes as well. Even in slower formulae, deaths were still common. Three drivers were killed in the 1973 Spa 24 Hours for Touring Cars, and a marshall was killed at the same race the year before.
In light of all this, it must have taken a unique combination of skill, courage and faith in your mechanical equipment to climb into these cars and lap the circuit at speed. Despite their record-breaking efforts, however, mechanical issues that prevented both drivers from winning the race. Ickx retired with gearbox failure and Pescarolo finished third after being delayed by a chunked tyre damaging the bodywork of the Matra. The race would be won by Derek Bell and Mike 'The Bike' Hailwood in a Gulf Mirage M6.
The race would return to the old circuit again in 1974 and 1975, but by then a chicane had been added to the circuit at Malmedy which reduced speeds and added around 10 seconds to the overall lap times. Ickx, driving a Matra, would win the race in 74 and Pescarolo (sharing with Derek Bell) would win in 1975 in an Alfa. After that, only bike and touring cars would race at the old Spa before it closed in 1978.
Today many people complain about the health and safety culture, often with some justification, but in this instance it was correct. Spa was always dangerous and even the cars of the early seventies were too fast for it. Imagine what sort of lap time a modern F1 car could achieve around the circuit, if there were a driver brave enough to take it on.
I hope that this article reminds people that F1 has not always been the fastest formula, and while both Ickx and Pescarolo achieved far greater results in motorsport, these lap records should get the recognition they deserve.
Notes and references
I have researched and cannot find a faster average lap speed on a road course anywhere else. If this is not the case, please let me know.
Some details obtained from the following books;
Sportscar racing in Camera 1970-79 by Paul Parker
Scarlet Passion by Anthony Pritchard
Classic Motorsport Routes by Richard 'Dickie' Meaden
I tried to find some footage of the race on YouTube but there does not appear to be any available. In order to see Ickx in action in the 312PB, I have added a video to our library of them in the 1971 Nurburgring 1000km.  They are driving a slightly earlier evolution of the what would be Ferrari's last works sports prototype.
Photo by the author.
Hero dog leads rescuers to suffering puppies
Hero stands in front of Mona and their puppies, whom they rescued from the frigid woods by finding help from walkers in the park. Hero stands in front of Mona and their puppies, whom they rescued from the frigid woods by finding help from walkers in the park. Image 1 of / 45 Caption Close Hero dogs leads rescuers to suffering puppies 1 / 45 Back to Gallery
A stray Labrador had been evading Dallas dogcatchers in a city park for weeks, until they urgently needed their help.
Two canine experts told Fox and Friends Weekend how the dog emerged from the frigid woods to get their attention and save a litter of newborn puppies and their mom from the cold. It started with incessant barking with an urgent tone.
Dog behaviorist John Miller and animal rescuer Marina Tarashevska were walking when the canine came calling.
RELATED: 30 dog-friendly places in Houston
"Every time we got closer, they would go away and bark at us, saying keep coming," Miller told Fox. "Keep coming my way."
The followed the dog into the woods until they heard the faint calls of puppies, and peered inside a burnt-out tree to find 10 baby dogs and their mother, nearly frozen to death.
RELATED: Man to be charged in Houston dog park shooting
"He led s there," said Miller. "He took us to the puppies. That is exactly what they were trying to do."
"It really is a miracle," Tarashevska said.
The heroic dog has aptly been named Hero. It's unclear if he's the puppies' father, but nonetheless he's been taken out of the cold and into the shelter as a member of the family.
Tarashevska, who works with the dog rescue group Dallas Dogrr, told Fox that the puppies would be placed in homes once weaned from their mother. But for now, they're under the care of Dogrr, which is searching for open homes.
"Taking in 10 puppies and two adult dogs is a lot for a small rescue and we desperately need foster families to take in the pups once they are old enough," said Lindsay Butler with Dogrr by email. "We will also be covering all the medical bills of this family so donations are needed too."
To adopt a dog, Butler said you can contact the group through their Facebook page.
Of Tone, Argumentation, and "Knowing One's Place"
"Minority group identification carries with it certain behavioral patterns that often impede the process of integration in the total community," explains Jean D. Crambs, adding, "It is because minority status produces the kind of behavior that makes social adjustment so difficult that much effort in recent years has been directed toward reducing the crucial aspects of group differences."
Further, however, Crambs makes a provocative and relevant charge:
"In the same way, workers in the field of education have been seeking ways and means for making teachers more effective in the larger community, as well as assuring the teacher as an individual of a satisfying and mature personal development. Juxtaposition of the fact that teachers on the whole are not as effective persons as the profession needs, and the description given above of the effects of minority group status, produces an interesting relationship; the hypothesis may be advanced that one cause for the lack of professional achievement by teachers as a group may be due to the fact that teachers' behavior in some respects is restricted in the same way as is that of 'recognized' minority groups."
What makes this discussion of the harmful effects of teachers as a minority group even more compelling is that Crambs wrote this in 1949; yet, it speaks powerfully to the current education reform debate and the challenges about tone raised above.
The classification of teachers as a minority group is an acknowledgement about a disproportion of power. While racial minority groups satisfy both the status of being fewer in number and having less power, not all groups having minority status are the smaller group—for instance, women.
While women constitute a larger population than men, women remain a minority because minority status is primarily about the unfair imbalance of power.
And all this leads to what makes me uncomfortable about the tone arguments. They remind me of my father's dictum: "Children are to be seen not heard." They remind me of that same dictum being applied to women for much of U.S. history. They remind me of that same dictum being applied to African Americans for much of U.S. history.
At the risk of crossing lines established by Libby, Di Carlo, Russo, and Hess, I am deeply skeptical of the intentions of people who hold genuine power (Secretary of Education Arne Duncan and billionaire Bill Gates, for example) against the intentions of people who hold either no or substantially less power (teachers, scholars, and researchers).
And as a result, I am deeply concerned about teachers, scholars, and researchers being told to watch their tone—not that I don't agree that tone matters, that basic logic in argumentation matters. I do believe ad hominem attacks, either/or claims, and strawman arguments are poisonous to the education reform debate.
But I also wonder how these charges have somehow become associated with the groups with the least power. I know that cautioning those with little or no power to watch their tone against those with power is disregarding the balance of power.
Tone doesn't really matter for those with power, and anyone argues for the dominant ideology crying "mean-spirited" is unlikely to spur any compassion from me.
As a teacher, coach, and father, I learned that when young people lost their composure and leveled hateful and even profane language at me, that was primarily a representation of their frustration about being powerless, and it was often a rightful acknowledgement by them that the imbalance of power was not fair.
Now, U.S. public discourse is dominated by several well-known and influential names: Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, Bill O'Reilly, Ann Coulter, and Michelle Malkin, for example. What do these people have in common? They promote a nearly uniform right-wing narrative and primarily do so through the exact strategies being criticized as inappropriate for responses to the current reform agenda. [Note that the only comparable "mean-spirited" people endorsing a liberal agenda are all comedians: Bill Maher, most notably.]
If there is a mean-spirited nature to public discourse, the right must be acknowledged as at least a significant, if not foundational, source for that tone. The norm of American discourse is conservative, and all norms are markers of where the power lies.
Further, in the education reform debate, we must acknowledge when and why educators began to speak up. If the tone of responses from educators is mean-spirited, let's note that most teachers did not raise their voices until they were in fact unfairly attacked and demonized, first by Waiting for "Superman" and then repeatedly by Gates, Duncan, and Michelle Rhee.
I offer this discusion not as excuses and not to condone the tone on either side, but to note that teachers' have fought back in ways that should be expected from the powerless (minority status) backed into a corner.
Ultimately, the "watch your tone" argument leveled at teachers and advocates for public education and democracy remain too much like telling a profession overwhelmingly composed of women to know their place. And it reminds me that minorities, that the powerless have only one real weapon on their side—the moral high ground. And I mean the moral high ground of their claims.
So I ask everyone concerned about the tone coming from teachers, scholars, and researchers to listen to a couple examples of how the powerless speak moral authority to privilege.
Consider James Baldwin speaking from their minority status in an excerpt from Take this Hammer (1963), "Who is the Nigger?": "What you say about somebody else, anybody else, reveals you."
And consider Martin Luther King Jr. also speaking from a minority status:
"I want to say to you as I move to my conclusion, as we talk about 'Where do we go from here,' that we honestly face the fact that the Movement must address itself to the question of restructuring the whole of American society. There are forty million poor people here. And one day we must ask the question, 'Why are there forty million poor people in America?' And when you begin to ask that question, you are raising questions about the economic system, about a broader distribution of wealth. When you ask that question, you begin to question the capitalistic economy. And I'm simply saying that more and more, we've got to begin to ask questions about the whole society. We are called upon to help the discouraged beggars in life's marketplace. But one day we must come to see that an edifice which produces beggar needs restructuring. It means that questions must be raised. You see, my friends, when you deal with this, "• You begin to ask the question, 'Who owns the oil?' "• You begin to ask the question, 'Who owns the iron ore?' "• You begin to ask the question, 'Why is it that people have to pay water bills in a world that is two thirds water?'"
I am willing to consider and address the tone of arguments coming from educators who are experiencing the corrosive effects of minority status, powerlessness, but I am withholding that concern until we address first why the powerful are rarely held accountable for their lack of experience, their lack of expertise, and the enveloping social and educational inequity that is swallowing the children of the U.S. on their watch.
And, yes, I am also willing to risk self-righteousness in the process.
Wolfenstein 3D is primarily a game about shooting Nazis. Occasionally you'll shoot dogs too, but they're Nazi dogs. Occasionally you'll steal treasure, but it's Nazi treasure. Nazis are a common foe in videogames because they're unambiguously bad, thus triggering no moral quandaries among those who digitally shoot them.
But what if you could, uh, try to talk them out of being Nazis instead? Rather than fight fire with fire, what if we had an Earl Grey and a chinwag? Dialogue 3D —a "hack" of the original Wolfenstein 3D by Ramsey Nasser—offers one fairly convincing answer: You'd probably not have much luck.
The game comes amid much online debate relating to how people who are not Nazis should treat those who are. Some suggest having a discussion, whereas others are happy to punch them from here to next Sunday. I think it's fairly clear which side of that conundrum Nasser inhabits, and they make a pretty strong case—albeit via a shallow 1990s videogame.
The game is free, only 7mb, and thoroughly unenjoyable to play. But you might as well give it a shot anyway.
“Obama is not President, as far as I'm concerned. They should be executed as an enemy combatant.”
Was this statement made: A. During a Klan meeting; B. At a Neo Nazi rally: or C. In front of Republican member of Congress who didn't even object to the comment?
The correct answer is C. This statement was made to Republican Congressman Jim Bridenstine at a recent town hall meeting. What's even more disturbing was Bridenstine's response to this outrageous remark. They didn't object to it. Instead, they simply laughed and then told the person: “Look, everybody knows the lawlessness of this president. They pick and chooses which laws he's going to enforce or not enforce. They do it by decree…”
On Thursday, Bridenstine responded that they “did not condone” the comments calling for Obama to be executed. They then offered the spineless excuse that, “A public figure cannot control what people say in open meetings.”
True, but John McCain showed us that there are times elected officials must have a backbone and publicly counter the words of even your own supporters if they cross the line into dangerous demonization. McCain did just that during the 2008 presidential campaign when a supporter in essence alleged that Obama was a threat to our nation. McCain immediately disagreed with the statement and firmly made the point that Obama was indeed, “a decent person and a person you don't have to be scared of as president of the United States.”
But to be honest, the comments by Bridenstine's constituent labeling Obama an “enemy combatant” and calling for their execution aren't shocking if you have been listening to the hate being spewed by some on the right. I was “treated” to an unhealthy dose of this last week as while listening to conservative talk radio shows as I drove through the South and Midwest on my way to appear at colleges.
What did I hear on these shows? “Lawless,” liar,” “dictator,” and “tyrant” were the most popular words used to describe Obama on station after station. It was as if a set of talking points had been distributed to these radio hosts so that they could broadcast a coordinated message.
Although some radio hosts did veer from the script and add Nazi references, throwing in a random “Sieg heil” when speaking of the Obama and asserting that their administration was acting like the “Gestapo”—an organization that barbarically tortured people and rounded up Jews and others to be sent to death camps.
This alarming depiction of Obama isn't just being spread on right wing radio. No, this rancid bill of goods is also being by peddled by Fox News personalities. Just last week Fox News contributor Dr. Ben Carson warned that Obama administration was “acting like the Gestapo.” Andrew Napolitano penned an opinion article for Fox News.com last month titled, “Executive order tyranny.” Napolitano concluded the article with the ominous question about Obama's use of executive orders: ”Will this deliver us to tyranny?”
Of course, a former judge like Napolitano is no doubt aware that Obama has issued fewer executive orders than any modern-day president—including Ronald Reagan. But facts don't seem to matter when the right is playing to its base.
Lets be honest: The anger we see directed against Obama is not the type associated with people having a disagreement about public policy. Rather, it's more akin to the tone you would employ when speaking of a person you deeply despise—an enemy. So obviously, “enemy combatant” is the next logical step.
For those who don't get it, let me make it plain: Words matter. They can inspire you to engage in good, bad and even deadly actions. Bill Clinton made that very point at the 15th anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing in 2010. They spoke of the need for a healthy debate on political issues but they counseled that we be cognizant of the difference between “disagreement and demonization,” with the latter leading to an increase in threats of violence.
There's no doubt that the vitriol being directed against Obama is contributing to the hyperpartisan, dysfunctional political system we see in Washington. If you are constantly told that the president is "lawless" and a "tyrant", of course you don't want your elected officials to ever compromise with a person like that.
But politics aside, our elected officials-regardless of political party-have a moral obligation to immediately counter rhetoric when it moves into the area of threats. It must be made absolutely clear that there's no place for violent imagery when debating policy issues or discussing those in politics.
And to those on the right who I heard call into numerous talk radio shows, I get that you're angry. It could because of Obamacare, marriage equality, the changing demographics of our country, or simply because you lost in 2012.
Whatever the reason, you have a chance in 2014 midterm election and the 2016 presidential election to change the political landscape via the ballot the box. There's no need to ratchet up the demonization of Obama to the point of viewing them as an enemy of the state. So why not make the upcoming elections about the issues – not how much you despise Obama. That is a much more effective political platform than simply hate.
One of Ludwig von Mises's keenest insights was on the cumulative tendency of government intervention. The government, in its wisdom, perceives a problem (and Lord knows, there are always problems!). The government then intervenes to "solve" that problem. But lo and behold! instead of solving the initial problem, the intervention creates two or three further problems, which the government feels it must intervene to heal, and so on toward socialism.
No industry provides a more dramatic illustration of this malignant process than medical care. We stand at the seemingly inexorable brink of fully socialized medicine, or what is euphemistically called "national health insurance." Physician and hospital prices are high and are always rising rapidly, far beyond general inflation. As a result, the medically uninsured can scarcely pay at all, so that those who are not certifiable claimants for charity or Medicaid are bereft. Hence, the call for national health insurance.
But why are rates high and increasing rapidly? The answer is the very existence of healthcare insurance, which was established or subsidized or promoted by the government to help ease the previous burden of medical care. Medicare, Blue Cross, etc., are also very peculiar forms of "insurance."
If your house burns down and you have fire insurance, you receive (if you can pry the money loose from your friendly insurance company) a compensating fixed money benefit. For this privilege, you pay in advance a fixed annual premium. Only in our system of medical insurance does the government or Blue Cross pay, not a fixed sum, but whatever the doctor or hospital chooses to charge.
In economic terms, this means that the demand curve for physicians and hospitals can rise without limit. In short, in a form grotesquely different from Say's Law, the suppliers can literally create their own demand through unlimited third-party payments to pick up the tab. If demand curves rise virtually without limit, so too do the prices of the service.
In order to stanch the flow of taxes or subsidies, in recent years the government and other third-party insurers have felt obliged to restrict somewhat the flow of goodies: by increasing deductibles, or by putting caps on Medicare payments. All this has been met by howls of anguish from medical customers who have come to think of unlimited third-party payments as some sort of divine right, and from physicians and hospitals who charge the government with "socialistic price controls" — for trying to stem its own largesse to the healthcare industry!
In addition to artificial raising of the demand curve, there is another deep flaw in the medical-insurance concept. Theft is theft, and fire is fire, so that fire or theft insurance is fairly clear-cut — the only problem being the "moral hazard" of insurees succumbing to the temptation of burning down their own unprofitable store or apartment house, or staging a fake theft, in order to collect the insurance.
"Medical care," however, is a vague and slippery concept. There is no way by which it can be measured or gauged or even defined. A "visit to a physician" can range all the way from a careful and lengthy investigation and discussion, and thoughtful advice, to a two-minute run-through with the doctor doing not much else than advising two aspirin and having the nurse write out the bill.
Moreover, there is no way to prevent a galloping moral hazard, as customers — their medical bills reduced to near-zero — decide to go to the doctor every week to have their blood pressure checked or their temperature taken. Hence, it is impossible, under third-party insurance, to prevent a gross decline in the quality of medical care, along with a severe shortage of the supply of such care in relation to the swelling demand.
Everyone old enough to remember the good old days of family physicians making house calls, spending a great deal of time with and getting to know the patient, and charging low fees to boot, is deeply and properly resentful of the current assembly-line care. But all too few understand the role of the much-beloved medical insurance itself in bringing about this sorry decline in quality, as well as the astronomical rise in prices.
But the roots of the current medical crisis go back much further than the 1950s and medical insurance. Government intervention into medicine began much earlier, with a watershed in 1910 when the much-celebrated Flexner Report changed the face of American medicine.
Abraham Flexner, an unemployed former owner of a prep school in Kentucky, and sporting neither a medical degree nor any other advanced degree, was commissioned by the Carnegie Foundation to write a study of American medical education. Flexner's only qualification for this job was to be the brother of the powerful Dr. Simon Flexner, indeed a physician and head of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research. Flexner's report was virtually written in advance by high officials of the American Medical Association, and its advice was quickly taken by every state in the Union.
The result: every medical school and hospital was subjected to licensing by the state, which would turn the power to appoint licensing boards over to the state AMA. The state was supposed to, and did, put out of business all medical schools that were proprietary and profit-making, that admitted blacks and women, and that did not specialize in orthodox, "allopathic" medicine: particularly homeopaths, who were then a substantial part of the medical profession, and a respectable alternative to orthodox allopathy.
Thus through the Flexner Report, the AMA was able to use government to cartelize the medical profession: to push the supply curve drastically to the left (literally half the medical schools in the country were put out of business by post-Flexner state governments), and thereby to raise medical and hospital prices and doctors' incomes.
In all cases of cartels, the producers are able to replace consumers in their seats of power, and accordingly the medical establishment was now able to put competing therapies (e.g., homeopathy) out of business; to remove disliked competing groups from the supply of physicians (blacks, women, Jews); and to replace proprietary medical schools financed by student fees with university-based schools run by the faculty, and subsidized by foundations and wealthy donors.
When managers such as trustees take over from owners financed by customers (students of patients), the managers become governed by the perks they can achieve rather than by service of consumers. Hence: a skewing of the entire medical profession away from patient care to toward high-tech, high-capital investment in rare and glamorous diseases, which rebound far more to the prestige of the hospital and its medical staff than it is actually useful for the patient-consumers.
And so, our very real medical crisis has been the product of massive government intervention, state and federal, throughout the century; in particular, an artificial boosting of demand coupled with an artificial restriction of supply. The result has been accelerating high prices and deterioration of patient care. And next, socialized medicine could easily bring us to the vaunted medical status of the Soviet Union: everyone has the right to free medical care, but there is, in effect, no medicine and no care.
According to The Japan Times, the organizers of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics plan to use expansive face recognition software at the games, scanning and tracking the faces of hundreds of thousands of athletes, journalists, and officials. Sources close to Olympic officials told the newspaper that the technology won't be used on spectators.
The sources said the organizers hope that face recognition is both a faster and more secure way of moving people issued official ID cards through restricted entrances while catching those using false credentials. At the Rio games last year, security workers would verify photo IDs by physically checking them against each cardholder. In Tokyo, however, software will reportedly check people against their registered photos as they try to enter restricted venues.
Advertisement
To employ face recognition at this scale, organizers would need to build a massive database of face data for all of the 300,000 to 400,000 officials, journalists, security, and athletes expected to be issued ID cards. The Japan Times reports that global surveillance giant NEC will design technology for the event. Users of NEC's NeoFace technology include everyone from the Department of Homeland Security to the burger chain CaliBurger.
Privacy scholars have been highly critical of face recognition systems (many of which were developed by NEC) used by Homeland Security at boarding gates for international flights. Researchers at Georgetown Law's Center on Privacy and Technology released a report last week flagging many unanswered questions about how the US government handles the face data obtained via the biometric exit program, which requires some passengers to have their faces scanned when they exit the country. Among their concerns: How long is data retained? Who has access to the data? Will it be shared? And with whom?
Advertisement
The researchers were also concerned that face data will end up in the hands of law enforcement. NEC's software is used in the biometric exit program for multiple airports, including the Hartsfield–Jackson International Airport in Atlanta, the Miami International Airport and New York City's John F Kennedy airport. NEC also builds biometric databases for the Chicago PD, including face recognition. Because the system hasn't been formally announced, there's no information on how Olympic officials plan to address these concerns. And there's no word on whether the system will be optional or if the committee even has the authority to mandate collecting biometric data.
During last year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Japanese officials tested a program similar to the one expected to be used in Tokyo, using face recognition to scan people entering Japan's visitor center. There's no word on when this program will be officially announced.
The Tokyo Olympic Games are scheduled to run from July 24th to August 9th in 2020.
Advertisement
[Japan Times]
[dropcap]T[/dropcap]he is so-called Cromnibus government-funding bill passed in the House last night. It was a tight vote that saw hardline conservatives and progressives oppose an enormous bill that, on the one hand, did nothing to undercut President Obama's executive order suspending deportations for undocumented immigrants and, on the other, included giveaways to the finance industry, the oil-and-gas industry and to big election campaign donors.
The bill was brought to the House floor by Republican leaders under closed rule, which meant lawmakers could not pose amendments before the vote.
Among the Colorado delegation, Democrat Ed Perlmutter voted to pass the bill, as did Republicans Mike Coffman, Cory Gardner and Scott Tipton.
Denver Democrat Diana Degette voted against the bill, as did Boulder Democrat Jared Polis and Colorado Springs Republican Doug Lamborn.
Polis and Lamborn sent out releases explaining their votes that tell the tale of their ying-and-yang liberal-conservative Colorado districts and of the divided House of Representatives more generally.
Lamborn: [blockquote]“I cast my vote against the so-called Cromnibus package because it funded lawless executive amnesty for millions of illegal immigrants, and that is something I cannot support. I also introduced an amendment to the legislation that would have prohibited federal funds from being used to carry out amnesty. Unfortunately, the leadership rejected this common sense approach.
As with any large, omnibus legislation, there are good aspects to this bill. However, I must hold fast to my Constitutional oath and do everything in my power to stop and defund President Obama's executive amnesty. This is a consistent vote as I have been on record supporting any practical legal steps to prevent this unlawful use of executive power.”[/blockquote]
Polis: [blockquote]“This spending bill is a perfect example of why Congress has such a low approval rating,” said Rep. Polis. “Members were shown this 1600-page bill for the first time less than 48 hours before voting on it. Those of us who took the time to read the legislation found that it was swollen with pork, back-room policy riders, and misplaced spending priorities. “
“I voted against the ‘CROmnibus' because it does nothing to address our out of control deficit spending, funds wasteful defense projects at levels millions of dollars higher than the Defense Department or Administration requested, and includes policy riders that shred our campaign finance laws, trample on the will of DC voters, and increases subsidies for multi-national oil and gas companies.”
Rep. Polis sponsored or cosponsored a number of amendments at a Rules Committee hearing on Wednesday evening to try and rein in spending or eliminate harmful policy riders. These include:
– Sponsored an amendment to reduce federal spending on research and development for fossil fuels to the President's requested amount.
– Sponsored an amendment to cut $120 million in unrequested and wasteful funding dedicated to upgrading the M1 Abrams Tank.
– Sponsored an amendment to defund the mid-life nuclear refueling overhaul of the aircraft carrier, the George Washington – potentially saving as much as $7 billion in taxpayer funds.
– Sponsored an amendment to bring H.R. 15 – a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill – to the House floor for a vote.
– Cosponsored an amendment with Representatives Ted Deutch, Jim McGovern, Alcee Hastings, Donna Edwards, and John Sarbanes striking a rider buried on page 1,599 of the bill that would eviscerate limits on political contributions to political parties.
-Cosponsored Delegate Eleanor Holmes-Norton's amendment to strike a backroom deal that added a provision to the bill in an attempt to override the will of D.C. voters by canceling the district's new marijuana law.[/blockquote]
The Lamborn position pinned the ability of the government to continue operations entirely on successful opposition to “amnesty” for law-abiding immigrants that would also get the best of President Obama. The Lamborn approach was shared by their far-right colleagues, but it's uniquely Lamborn to characterize the approach as a matter of “common sense.” No Democrat in the Democratic-controlled U.S. Senate would have supported the bill that Lamborn would have sent to them and the Democratic president their bill would have targeted for humiliation would have certainly vetoed it. Lamborn's “nay” vote, in effect, was a vote for government-shutdown brinksmanship. The opposite of a common sense proposal, you might say, given that they were bringing it just a year after Republicans tried and failed the same approach, which ended in a weeks-long shutdown that cost the economy billions.
Polis's position was shared widely among Democrats on the left and in the middle, who were steamed that Republican leaders were using the must-pass government funding bill to push clearly controversial policy into law. Their doomed amendments were meant to pushback against the Republican riders to the bill and spotlight generally liberal policy positions that are also supported by the majority of Americans, who would like to see Defense spending reined in, tax breaks for the enormously profitable oil and gas industry phased out, campaign finance laws tightened, and comprehensive immigration reform passed.
The bill is called the “Cromnibus” because it's a long-term omnibus spending bill combined with a short-term continuing resolution. The omnibus portion of the bill would fund government agencies until next September and the continuing resolution would fund the Department of Homeland Security until roughly March.
There was much in the bill for progressives to dislike, but debate, led on the left by Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, centered on the Republican proposal to repeal restrictions on big banks that was imposed after the global financial crisis and recession.
As The Washington Post reported, “House aides said the language in the bill appeared to come directly from the pens of lobbyists at the nation's biggest banks… The provision was so important to the profits at those companies that J.P.Morgan's chief executive Jamie Dimon themselves telephoned individual lawmakers to urge them to vote for it, according to a person familiar with the effort.”
In reporting the vote count, The Post cross-referenced House votes with campaign contribution data from the Center for Responsive Politics and found a telling if unsurprising pattern. On average, members of Congress who voted in support of the Cromnibus received twice the money for their election campaigns from the intertwined finance-insurance-real estate industries than did those who voted against the bill.
That analysis holds roughly true for the Colorado delegation. Here's the breakdown in cash received by the lawmakers this year from the three industries:
Gardner: $1.49 Million
Perlmutter: $692,530
Coffman: $624,418
Tipton: $177,150
Polis: $156,330
Lamborn: $63,250
DeGette: $45,150
[Top photo: Doug Lamborn.]
Technicians deploy a tsunami detection buoy into the water. (file photo)
The Manila Trench is associated with frequent earthquakes in the Pacific Ocean. Because of this, China has deployed two sets of tsunami detection buoys along the Trench for the first time, marking the completion of the country's tsunami monitoring buoys network in South China Sea, Science and Technology Daily reported on July 5.
The buoys are equipped with new technology, which has significantly improved their accuracy. They can detect as little as 5 millimeters in sea level rise caused by tsunamis. Once there is a tsunami earthquake, the subtle fluctuations are detected and that data is sent via satellites to the South China Sea branch of the China's State Oceanic Administration and the National Tsunami Early Warning Center.
The detection network is expected to provide a two-hour early warning for residents in China's coastal areas and countries in the South China Sea.
The two sets of tsunami detection buoys is an important component of China's tsunami monitoring and early warning system.
I know a couple of people who've owned Yamaha RD350s, and both remember the 1970s air-cooled twin with great fondness. I bet they haven't seen an RD350 like this one, though. Called “S2RD”, it was built by Tony Prust of Illinois-based Analog Motorcycles. (If the name sounds familiar, it's because Prust also built the lovely CB550 sidecar combination we featured six months ago.)
This bike started as a 1973 RD350 that was halfway towards a café racer conversion when the current owner bought it. After the bike sat around for years untouched, the owner commissioned Analog Motorcycles to finish the job.
“I started by cutting off the neck tube and welding on a Ducati S2R neck,” says Prust. “This allowed us to use a set of S2R forks and triples, and to complete the suspension, I also mounted a pair of Progressive Suspension shocks.” The original RD rear rim was then laced to the front hub to accommodate a wider front tire.
The rear hub and rim come from a Yamaha TZ250 GP bike, so that the stock drum brake could be replaced by a disc. The front and rear rotors and calipers are Brembo (both actuated by the right rear foot lever). Custom made black stainless brake lines from Hel are also fitted.
The clutch was converted from cable to hydraulic, using a Suzuki Bandit slave cylinder, while one-inch drag bars hide the internal throttle assembly. “All this was done to give a clean and streamlined appearance at the controls,” says Prust.
The engine is mostly stock, but has been treated to lightweight DG expansion chambers for a power boost. Uni pod filters and a high output RDDreams Chinoy digital ignition help performance still further.
Prust de-tabbed the frame and fabricated a battery tray to fit under the custom seat pan. The upholstery is combination of leather and Alcantara, with exposed white stitching. The final touch is the deliciously glossy black and white paint, applied by Kiel Sawusch of Crown Auto Body in Lake Bluff, IL.
The RD350 has lots of fans without any mods, but the Analog S2RD takes it to a whole new level. Sleek, compact and fast, it's as close to two-stroke perfection as you can get.
[Images by Timothy Prust.]
Jobs Minister Richard Bruton has suffered a shock defeat in their own selection convention in Dublin Bay North after Fine Gael Headquarters issued a directive that a female candidate must be put forward.
Jobs Minister Richard Bruton has suffered a shock defeat in their own selection convention in Dublin Bay North after Fine Gael Headquarters issued a directive that a female candidate must be put forward.
Jobs Minister Richard Bruton is not selected by Fine Gael for 2016 General Election
There was high drama at tonight's convention in Clontarf Castle as it emerged party bosses insisted that the Fine Gael ticket consists of a male and female candidate.
The decision, taken as a result of the Government's gender quotas, angered some of those members present.
Mr Bruton, a veteran politician, was opposed in the contest by prominent Dublin City councillor and former Lord Mayor Naoise O Muiri, as well as local activist Stephanie Regan.
Dublin Bay North Selection Convention Result: Naoise OMuiri and Stephanie Regan!! Richard Bruton not selected! — Cllr. Keith Redmond (@DrKeithRedmond) April 30, 2015
According to those present, Mr O Muiri told delegates that they would need to win the convention outright to be on the ticket, otherwise they would not be added.
Mr O Muiri secured the most votes, meaning Mr Bruton was automatically defeated due to the diktat surrounding gender quotas.
The party immediately issued a statement which said Mr Bruton will be added to the ticket.
Nonetheless, the result illustrates that the gender quota rules are causing significant problems for political parties.
A party source said Mr Bruton will be added to the ticket by the executive council,which was agreed at the convention. The source said the result was viewed by some as representing a "revolt" against headquarters over imposing the gender quota rules.
Mr O Muiri tonight confirmed they were selected. "Yes I can confirm I got through convention," they told independent.ie.
Speaking tonight, Fine Gael councillor Keith Redmond said some delegates voted for Mr O Muiri with the expectation Mr Bruton would be added by headquarters.
“There was a director from headquarters saying that one man and one woman had to be chosen," they said.
"As a result of that, there was a lot of tactical voting in the room because people wanted Naoise Murray on the ticket, so as a result, they realised that Naoise said in their own speech, the only way to make sure they were on the tickets was that they would have to win the convention.
"So as a result, people knew what they were doing and they voted for him, unfortunately to beat Richard, knowing full well that Richard would be added."
However speaking to independent.ie, Ms Regan said their information is that they finished in second place on votes ahead of Mr Bruton.
They said they reject their place on the ticket has anything to do with gender quotas.
Ms Regan said they spent the entire week "on the phones" while Mr Bruton was on ministerial business in India.
"To be fair to Richard, he's been away and is working blooming hard," they said.
"I care about this country staying on its two feet and I am incredibly honoured to be selected," they added.
Mr Bruton, who attended the event, has been a TD for the Dublin North–Central constituency since 1982.
The 62-year-old was appointed as Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation in March 2011.
Fine Gael later confirmed Cllr Ó Muirí and Ms Regan were selected to represent the party in the constituency of Dublin Bay North in the next General Election.
"An unanimous motion was passed on the night by members to add Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation, Richard Bruton, and they are expected to be added by the Fine Gael Executive Council tomorrow," it said in a statement.
Cllr Ó Múirí was first elected to Dublin City Council in 2004 and successfully re-elected to the Council in 2009 and again in 2014.
The former Lord Mayor of Dublin is a native of Galway, Councillor Ó Múirí has lived in Dublin Bay North with their wife and young family for over 10 years.
Elsewhere Ms Regan's professional career began in Aer Lingus, where they were a senior staff counsellor and trainer.
They later completed their clinical training in psychotherapy and has run their own psychotherapy practice in Raheny, for the past 20 years.
Ms Regan has been working as a Fine Gael Local Area Representative since last year.
Meanwhile, Communications Minister Alex White was selected last night as the Labour Party's candidate in the new Dublin Rathdown constituency.
Minister White said they were "delighted" to be selected to represent their party in the next General Election.
Online Editors
A felon was convicted again Thursday, this time for killing a man at Atlanta's Starlight Drive-in Theater.
After about two hours of deliberations, a DeKalb County jury found Quentric Williams guilty of malice murder for the May 2012 shooting death of Mitt Lenix, saying that Williams fired on Lenix with deadly intent.
“These were the toughest three days of my life,” said Lenix's father, William Lenix, after the verdict was read. “Now, it's a time for healing.”
DeKalb County District Attorney Robert James said Lenix's family was granted justice.
“A human being was taken away way before their time … and for what?” James asked after the verdict was read. “Senseless acts of violence will not be tolerated.”
Williams, 32, was on trial for murder, aggravated assault, aggravated assault of a peace officer and a host of other charges for shooting martial arts expert Lenix as they approached Williams' pick-up to ask for a jump-start.
In addition to murder and two counts of felony murder — killing a person while committing a felony — jurors found Williams guilty of two counts of aggravated assault, fleeing and gun possession.
The jury found them not guilty of two counts of aggravated assault of a peace officer.
After killing Lenix, Williams led police on a high-speed chase from south DeKalb County to the edge of the Gwinnett County boarder, slamming their rented truck into police cars trying to stop them and tossing thousands of dollars in cash out of the window as they drove, authorities said.
They wrecked the truck and abandoned it, leaving their girlfriend, who was unconscious as they fled on foot.
It was never disputed whether Williams shot Lenix on the night of May 8, 2012. Williams even took to the witness stand on Wednesday to admit to the shooting.
“It was self-defense,” Williams said, claiming they only meant to fire a warning shot at someone they believed was coming to harm them and their girlfriend. “I fired up.”
They said they saw a shadowy figure darting back and forth toward their truck and ultimately seeming to reach at their waist for a firearm.
Williams' attorney, Russel Hetzel, said their client had nothing to gain by admitting to the shooting.
“He told the truth … even when it was in their best interest not to,” Hetzel told the jury Thursday morning during closing arguments. “If that firing is justified, then it's not a crime.”
But prosecutors gave a different perspective during closing arguments.
“Self-preservation?” assistant DeKalb County district attorney Zina B. Gumbs asked the jury. “Does that mean take a life?”
William Lenix applauded the judicial system and the jurors for what they characterized as their clarity.
“I thank God that we live in America and that we had 12 people who could see through the lies,” they said.
Still, the U.S. Army veteran and martial arts instructor who trains at-risk youth struck a somewhat magnanimous tone when they referred to Williams.
“I regret that my wife and I didn't get to reach out to them like we have to others,” William Lenix said.
Williams has served two state prison terms for drug convictions, according to prison records.
They now face a maximum sentence of life plus 15 years in prison, prosecutors said.
Sentencing will be May 8 at 2 p.m.
An Indiana lawmaker has proposed a bill that would make it a crime for transgender people to use public bathrooms and locker rooms that do not conform to their gender at birth, threatening to draw Indiana further into a national debate over transgender rights.
"We've walked through a doorway we'll never go back through. And we're going to have to address some concerns that are now facing us," bill sponsor, Republican state Sen. Jim Tomes said Thursday. "If you were born a man, then you are obliged to use the males' restroom."
Tomes' bill would send someone to jail for up to a year and fine them as much as $5,000 if they were convicted of entering a bathroom that does not match up with their birth gender. Exceptions are made for janitors, first aid providers and parents accompanying children under the age of 8. The measure would also require public schools, including charters, to ensure students do the same, though students would not face criminal penalties.
After the U.S. Supreme Court's summer ruling striking down gay marriage bans, social conservatives have focused on derailing efforts to grant civil rights protections to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. They have also embraced a new tactic: alleging the use of bathrooms by transgender men and women opens the door for sexual predators to go into women's restrooms.
The issue is particularly charged in Indiana, where tensions have run high since spring when lawmakers faced backlash for a religious objections law that critics said would sanction discrimination against gay people on religious grounds. Lawmakers changed the law, but ever since gay rights supporters, including the state's business establishment, have called on them to go further.
Freedom Indiana, a pro-LGBT group, dismissed Tomes' bill, calling it a "scare tactic" intended to "promote fear over reality."
Texas, Florida and Kentucky have considered measures addressing bathroom use. In November, Houston voters rejected an LGBT rights ordinance after a campaign focused on the issue. And this summer, some Indiana cities withdrew LGBT rights proposals after a social conservative group distributed flyers to local churches with scripted talking points stating LGBT rights posed a public safety risk.
Tomes, of Wadesville, says he's "not trying to single-out anybody or destroy anybody."
But LGBT advocates disagree.
"That is the most disingenuous statement I've ever heard," said Camilla Taylor, of Lambda Legal, a national LGBT advocacy group, who noted that it singles out people who do not identify with their birth gender.
Sections of the bill addressing schools could run afoul of federal education mandates, they said.
In July, the U.S. Justice Department said transgender students must be allowed to use the restroom that corresponds with their identity and failure to do so amounts to sex discrimination.
Associated Press
The Toronto Maple Leafs made the decision to cut ties with centre Joe Colborne last night, sending them to the Calgary Flames for a fourth round draft pick in the 2014 entry draft. I'm sure you've all heard that by now; we had a post about it right after it happened courtesy of Justin Fisher. I wasn't home to give a significant opinion about it, which may have been for the best, really; my initial response could be politely summarized as "are you kidding me?".
Fast forward to today, and my conclusion it was an unfortnately sensible move that was forced by mistakes, that will benefit Colborne most of all.
Better Than Advertised
Immediately after the trade happened, everybody suddenly became an expert on Colborne's ability. Even more suddenly, that defnintion of ability had grossly changed.
We (myself included) ranked them as Toronto's 2nd best prospect. PPP had them at 6th in their Top 25 under 25. Hockey's Future had them as their 3rd best. I could keep going, but those who paid at least some attention to the Leafs organization outside of the NHL felt that there was still something in store with him.
But, a trade brings out everybody's opinion, and short term memory. So the bulk of thought came from this preseason. Which, to be honest, I thought they did pretty decent in, scoring 3 points in 6 games. Yes, two of those came last night, and they didn't do anything that made them particularly "stand out", but they only played 57 minutes over those games, largely in a bottom six roles.
Next, one will go to the stat sheets, and point out their lack of AHL production. After all, they averaged just 0.65 points per game over their 150 games with the Toronto Marlies, right? No. Stats are often criticized for not "telling the full story", and sometimes using that statement is invalid, but in this case, it's the definition of sensible. This is a pretty basic timeline of Joe Colborne on the Marlies.
Joined the team in 2010/11 after being acquired by the Leafs in the trade that sent Tomas Kaberle to Boston. Has an immediate impact, scoring a goal and a shootout goal in their first game with the blue and white. They finish their first stint with the Marlies contributing a total of 16 points in 20 games.
Storms out the gate in 2011/12, winning AHL Player of The Month in October, scoring 16 points in 9 games on a line with Joey Crabb and Jerry D'Amigo. They score 3 points in 3 games to start November, suffering a lower body injury on November 8th against Grand Rapids.
Returns to the lineup on December 9th, 2011, getting an assist in their first game back, before going pointless for a few games, leaving the ACC Boxing Day Game with 1G and 2A in 7 games. A point, they have 22 points in 20 games, or 38 in 40 total with the Marlies.
Colborne tears two ligaments in their left wrist. It's found out later that there's also a broken bone in the same wrist, but nobody knows if it was suffered at the same time or caused by playing through it. In any event, team doctors told that they couldn't make the injury worse by continuing to play, but they advised against it and suggested they shut themselves down. Colborne, not wanting to lose their spot on the team or be seen as "injury prone" after the prior month, plays the entire season, with the exception of skipping the AHL All Star Game.
In this time, Colborne produces 17 points in 40 games, and 5 points in 10 games with the Maple Leafs after being called up. They play through the playoffs (not counted in final totals) as well, scoring 8 points in 15 games.
Procedures are done to restore their wrist in the off-season, but it didn't take immediate effect. Colborne plays through anyway, assuming their wrist is at the best it will get. Combined with lower minutes due to lockout-talent being in front, Colborne gets just 10 points in their first 28 games of the season.
Just like the year before, "just after Christmas" is big for him, but this time with good news. Their wrist ‘pops' during a practice, likely the breaking down of scar tissue. Colborne regains full mobility in their wrist, and from January 2nd on, scores 19 points in their next 18 games, and despite scoring as a whole falling on the team, closes the year with 32 points in 37 games post-recovery.
So where does this leave Colborne's AHL production? H stands for Healthy, I stands for Injured:
Year H-GP H-Goals H-Assists H-Points H-PPG I-GP I-Goals I-Assists I-Points I-PPG 2010/11 20 8 8 16 0.8 0 0 0 0 0 2011/12 20 10 12 22 1.1 45 6 11 17 0.38 2012/13 37 12 20 32 0.86 28 2 8 10 0.36 Total 77 30 40 70 0.91 73 8 19 27 0.37
To say that isn't a significant gap is crazy. Colborne goes from a very well producing young forward at the AHL level to stone hands. Why? Because having literal stone hands is probably better for a skilled offensive forward who uses reach and finesse than having your dominant wrist torn and broken. Probably.
Of course, this injury was left relatively hush, not often touched on by the media, fans, or the team itself. Instead, they just appeared to "fall off", which is damaging to peer value, if not actual trade value as well.
Whether the injury stunted Colborne's actual development remains to be seen. Dallas Eakins made a point to have them play more penalty kill and experiment with shutdown situations while hurt, so they could use the time to work on their defensive game. We don't have the same access to statistics in the AHL as we do in the NHL, so it's hard to say for sure, but their positional awareness seemed to improve and they were rarely a minus player in their offensive decline. In that sense, they built a better all around game while losing their offensive one – something that helped them when they joined the Leafs for the playoffs last year.
So my preliminary argument is this – Joe Colborne is probably better than you think they are. I'd go as far to say that if they shut themselves down in December 2011 and came back when they were ready, they would have either made Tyler Bozak expendable, or David Bolland unnecesary to acquire. He'd probably come with a higher cap hit, or more length, but it would still be a lower dent than either of those two.
Mismanagement
So, if the first issue I have with the Leafs in this situation is giving up on a good player, is there any more? Sure. There's also the immediate process that leads to this trade happening. We've all heard "blah blah the Leafs have overspent all off-season" from myself and others all summer, so I'll save you the preliminaries, but the point is that the team simply ran out of room and had to make a quick decision with the waivers deadline being this afternoon.
Do the Toronto Maple Leafs have this problem if they change their allotment of big dollars in the first week or two of the off-season? Probably not; there's still a possibility that the final signings (Raymond, Kadri, Franson) get more out of the team, but not enough to make it equally severe. Do the Leafs need to cut Colborne from the bottom six if they don't decide on having multiple enforcers in the lineup at once? Probably not.
Even if they do decide to "give up on him" anyway, do they get more value for them without the short notice and knowledge of semi-desperation? Not a heck of a lot most likely, with the injury situation probably being not as well known, but they could probably squeeze out a slightly better return. Maybe the third round pick is a guaranteed one instead of an outlandish condition. It still doesn't equal the value of what I think Colborne could do, bit it would be something at least.
Ultimately though, the Leafs have a vision in place, and by the skins of their teeth, found an arrangement to make it work. The arrangement just happens to involve the move that sends their lowest played roster player and one of their better propsects to Calgary.
New Beginnings
This move, on the other hand, is probably the best thing to happen to Joe Colborne. Not that the Leafs were dazzling in their centre depth, but they feel like they have a cemented 1/2/3/4 for now. The Flames? They're clearly in a rebuilding phase, and they won't pretend that the likes of Matt Stajan and Jiri Hudler have secure jobs. A healthy Colborne could easily climb their way up their depth chart, especially if the Flames begin to sell off.
It's not like they won't have the off ice support around them either. You have to imagine that Hockey Operations President Brian Burke was a huge part of this deal, being the GM that acquired them in Toronto to begin with. Barring that, they have their family and friends, being a native of Calgary. The only thing they don't have is teammate history; the closest probable player to them on the Flames roster is Dennis Wideman, who was in the organization at the same time as him, but hey didn't so much as spend a training camp together.
Still though, the odds are in Colborne's favour. Their wrist is as healthy as it's ever been. He's bulked up, and he's improved defensively. He's gone from a team that didn't see them in their plans and had to make a quick decision, to back in their hometown that needs a player in their position to step up. If they play their cards right, they could be a heck of a good player for them sooner than later.
Thankfully for the Leafs, Calgary isn't exactly a frequent opponent. Besides, if there's no other reason to defend this deal, if they weren't going to be able to find a proper use for him, why squander their potential? I won't lie to you and tell you this is a good move. Because we will definitely look back at this one and say "well, he's a lot better than a trade for a mid-draft pick". But given the circumstances, this is probably the best option for everybody.
Story highlights NEW: Al Qaeda's involvement with a kidnapping would not be surprising, U.S. official says
Al Qaeda's involvement with a kidnapping would not be surprising, U.S. official says Warren Weinstein is a former U.S. Agency for International Development worker
The 70-year-old was abducted August 13 from their home in Lahore, police said
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has claimed responsibility for the capture in August of a 70-year-old U.S. citizen in Pakistan, according to a number of radical websites known for carrying militants' messages.
In the eighth episode of a series called "A Message of hope and glad tidings to our people in Egypt," the speaker sent a "message of support and encouragement" to members of al Qaeda and the Taliban as well as to "our female oppressed prisoners."
"We did not forget you and we will not forget you, God willing, and therefore in order to release you, we have been successful, thanks to God almighty, to capture an American Jew called Warren Weinstein," they said.
They described the captive as "a former employee and a current contractor working with the U.S. government in its aid program to Pakistan, which aims to fight the jihad in Pakistan and Afghanistan, and just like the Americans arrest any suspect linked to al Qaeda and the Taliban, even if they were far related."
The speaker then listed eight demands that they said, if met, would result in Weinstein's release. They included the lifting of the blockade on movement of people and trade between Egypt and Gaza; an end to bombing by the United States and its allies in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia and Gaza; the release of anyone arrested on charges of belonging to al Qaeda and the Taliban; the release of all prisoners in Guantanamo and American secret prisons and the closure of Guantanamo and the other prisons; the release of terrorists convicted in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center; and the release of relatives of Osama bin Laden, the founder of al Qaeda who was killed in May in Pakistan.
"Your government is torturing our prisoners, and we have never tortured your prisoner," they added. "Your government signed the Geneva Conventions, and then threw it in the rubbish bin, and even though we did not sign the Geneva Conventions, we are honoring your prisoner."
Warren Weinstein is at left with Ali Amjad (center), Mark Wilkinson and Waste Management staff members.
The speaker said Weinstein's fate lies with U.S. President Barack Obama. "I warn you of Obama's lies and deceit because they hope that this man gets killed so they don't have to worry about their problem. Obama is a liar. They lie, lies and will lie. They may say to you, 'I sought the release of your relative but al Qaeda got stubborn,' so do not believe him. And they may say to you, 'I tried to contact them, but they did not answer,' so do not believe him. They may tell you, 'I do everything in my power to release your relative,' but again do not believe him."
They urged Weinstein's relatives to pressure Obama to accede to their demands "if you want to bring back your relative."
A U.S. official said the circumstances surrounding Weinstein's disappearance have been murky, but added, "It's entirely possible that al Qaeda or one of its militant allies may be holding Mr. Weinstein and the statement by Zawahiri supports this conclusion."
The official said that, based on the materials found in the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound, al Qaeda's involvement with a kidnapping would not be surprising. "The documents from bin Laden's hideout show their frustrated deputies were considering kidnapping and other criminal enterprises as a means of striking from their weakened state," said the official, pointing to the terrorist groups' failure to conduct big attacks against Western targets.
Reached Thursday at their home in Rockville, Maryland, Weinstein's wife, Elaine, said, "I just found out myself two minutes ago when somebody told me. I have nothing to add and no information for you."
Weinstein was abducted from their home in Lahore on August 13. As their three security guards prepared for the meal before the Ramadan fast, three men knocked at the front gate and offered food for the meal -- a traditional practice among Muslims during the holy month of Ramadan, Lahore police said.
Once the gate was opened, the three men forced their way in, while five others entered the house from the back, tied up the guards and duct-taped their mouths, according to police. They pistol-whipped the driver and forced them to take them to Weinstein's room, where they hit Weinstein on the head with a pistol and forced them out of the house and into a waiting car, police said.
A police official said August 23 that three suspects had been arrested in Weinstein's kidnapping.
Weinstein works for J.E. Austin Associates Inc., a consulting firm based in Arlington, Virginia.  They are a development expert, according to the company's website. The company did not immediately respond to a call and an e-mail seeking reaction.
It's the most famous firehouse in the world, but pretty soon it's just going to be another vacant building in New York. The mayor's office is planning to close down 20 fire companies as part of sweeping budget cuts and chief among them is Hook & Ladder Co. 8, the Tribeca location used as the Ghostbusters' headquarters. But aside from being a popular movie exterior, it was also a working firehouse and home to some of NYC's bravest (they were one of the first to show up at the World Trade Center on September 11th).
This has many people upset and not just fans of GHOSTBUSTERS (though I'm sure Dan Aykroyd will eventually have something to say about it). The city is halfway through completion on the Freedom Tower, the new complex designed to revitalize the World Trade Center area. Just this weekend it was announced that Conde Nast would be moving their operations to the building once it was opened. That Mayor Bloomberg would want to cut budgets by closing down firehouses in a vulnerable part of the city has many residents pissed.
But all is not lost (yet). City Council members are vowing to save as many of the firehouses as possible and due in no small part to its location and history, Ladder Co. 8 will be at the top of the list. Even if it eventually is closed as a functioning fire company, I still don't see how you could lease the space for apartments or business. It's got its own toy for Christ's sake!
Endorses Randy Bryce in their race against Speaker Paul Ryan
WASHINGTON, DC – U.S. Representatives Barbara Lee (CA-13), Mark Pocan (WI-02), and Katherine Clark (MA-05), Co-Chairs of the Progressive Caucus PAC, along with U.S. Representatives Raul Grijalva (AZ-03) and Janice Schakowsky (IL-09) today announced Randy Bryce as the PAC's first endorsement for the 2018 election cycle. Bryce is running against Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin's 1st Congressional District.
“We are proud to endorse a candidate who will fight for the people of Wisconsin. Randy Bryce understands what the people in Wisconsin's 1st Congressional District need and they will take their voice to Washington to give them a seat at the table. From a strong public education system, to the rights of organized labor, Randy Bryce will stand up for working families. And while Speaker Ryan continues their misguided efforts to take health care away from millions of Americans, including thousands of people in Wisconsin, Randy Bryce will fight to make sure that everyone can get the health care they need. Randy Bryce will stand up for the people that Speaker Ryan has left behind and they are the right choice for Wisconsin.”
CPC PAC is the political arm of the Congressional Progressive Caucus – the largest values-based caucus in the House of Representatives.
November 26, 2014 23:02 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday held bilateral talks with all Heads of Government and State attending the 18th SAARC Summit in Kathmandu with Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif the only conspicuous exemption.
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif walks past Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the 18th summit of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation in Kathmandu, Nepal. Photograph: PTI Photo
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "It was decided earlier that there will be no structured talks as no requests had come... I said it before we are ready for a meaningful bilateral dialogue. When circumstances are there, we will have that dialogue. Nothing else....We are ready when they are ready."
Asked whether Prime Ministers of India and Pakistan will exchange pleasantries at the dinner or at the retreat on Thursday, they only said "when a senior Indian leader and senior Pakistani leader come face to face, they exchange courtesies. It's normal" and could not be construed as dialogue.
On whether it was a missed opportunity for India in terms of not been able to push Pakistan to expedite the Mumbai trial in that country, they said, "If meetings could speed up trials we would have...number of meetings. Despite India repeatedly making the case that we would like an expeditious trial in Mumbai case, we have not seen sufficient progress. So, let's not jump into a conclusion that a meeting would change the entire approach.
Prime Minister meets President Mahinda Rajapaksa of Sri Lanka on the sidelines of 18th SAARC Summit in Kathmandu (November 26, 2014). Photograph: Ashish Maitra/Photo Division
"This has not been our experience. Ultimately, India and Pakistan are neighbours and we are looking at cooperative and peaceful relations with Pakistan and we stand ready to engage when they are ready for a meaningful dialogue," they said.
Giving details of the Prime Minister's five bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the SAARC Summit in Kathmandu, they said a large part of the discussions centered around the statements made and events at the SAARC Summit.
Prime Minister meets Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay of Bhutan on the sidelines of 18th SAARC Summit, in Kathmandu (November 26, 2014). Photograph: Ashish Maitra/Photo Division
Modi held bilateral talks with Prime Minister of Bhutan Tshering Tobgay, Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina, President of Afghanistan Ashraf Ghani, President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa and President of Maldives Abdulla Yameen.
During their meeting with Ghani, the Afghanistan leader shared their views on the current security situation with Modi assuring them of India's commitment to strengthen relations with the war-torn country, they said.
Prime Minister meets Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh on the sidelines of 18th SAARC Summit at Kathmandu (November 26, 2014). Photograph: Ashish Maitra/Photo Division
"Prime Minister did indicate that India stands ready to assist Afghanistan in any manner within our capability. There was a discussion on possible economic cooperation in terms of technology transfer in some specific areas. President Ghani had repeatedly said that as far as they see India as central to economic prosperity in Afghanistan.
"And they said that they would be interested in Indian investment in Afghanistan and they also listed certain sectors on which they would look forward to this investment. The President said when they come to New Delhi, they would come with specific proposals. And that would be early next year," the spokesperson said.
Prime Minister meets President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan on the sidelines of 18th SAARC Summit at Kathmandu (November 26, 2014). Photograph: Ashish Maitra/Photo Division
The prime minister raised the issue of security of Indian consulates in Afghanistan and the President assured them that India's security interests will be protected, they said.
The prime minister also invited the President of Afghanistan to visit India.
Akbaruddin said that Prime Minister Modi told Sri Lankan President Rajapaksa that National Security Advisor Ajit Doval will travel to Colombo next month.
Doval will also travel to the Maldives next month. Maritime security will be on the agenda during these visits.
On Modi's meeting with Hasina, the Spokesperson said they had a detailed exchange of views on matters relating to security and terrorism which impact both countries.
Prime Minister meets President Abdulla Yameen of the Maldives on the sidelines of 18th SAARC Summit at Kathmandu (November 26, 2014). Photograph: Ashish Maitra/Photo Division
Asked if the two leaders discussed Burdwan blast, they said: "I will not get into the specifics of what is sensitive communication between two Prime Ministers. But I can tell you that they had a very detailed exchange of views on issues of security and terror both impacting on India and Bangladesh and both were happy about the cooperation that exists between the two countries."
They also discussed greater prospects of cooperation among the democracies in South Asia.
During the bilateral meetings, various Heads of Government also complimented the Prime Minister for their statement at the SAARC Summit and their forward looking vision, they said, adding Modi was also complimented for their initiative of the SAARC satellite.
Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and the Maldives reiterated their invitations to the prime minister, and the latter emphasized that engagement with SAARC nations is a priority for him. The prime minister invited Tobgay to visit India in January, and also be part of the 'Vibrant Gujarat' summit.
Published September 16, 2013 • Updated May 14, 2017
OpsCode, the creators of Chef, offers a hosted Chef Server solution. However, I have always preferred to setup my own severs, and OpsCode also offers an open source Chef Server that you can install and host yourself.
The following installation steps for Ubuntu and RHEL/CentOS are a very quick way to install version 11.0.8-1 of the open source Chef Server.
Go to the OpsCode Download page to download a different version of the open source Chef Server for a different operating system or architecture.
Install Open Source Chef Server 11.0.8-1
Ubuntu Server 12.04 LTS Install
The following steps assume you already have a Ubuntu Server 12.04 LTS server setup somewhere. A minimal install will work just fine.
wget https://opscode-omnibus-packages.s3.amazonaws.com/ubuntu/12.04/x86_64/chef-server_11.0.8-1.ubuntu.12.04_amd64.deb sudo dpkg -i chef-server_11.0.8-1.ubuntu.12.04_amd64.deb sudo chef-server-ctl reconfigure
RHEL/CentOS 6 Install
The following steps assume you already have a RHEL 6 or CentOS 6 server setup somewhere. A minimal install will work just fine.
wget https://opscode-omnibus-packages.s3.amazonaws.com/el/6/x86_64/chef-server-11.0.8-1.el6.x86_64.rpm sudo yum localinstall chef-server-11.0.8-1.el6.x86_64.rpm sudo chef-server-ctl reconfigure
Open Port 443
Regardless of which operating system you install on, if you have a firewall running (iptables, ufw, etc.), be sure to open port 443.
Install and Configure knife On Your Workstation
I will be working on an OS X workstation within the Development directory of my home folder. The following steps should work just as well on a Linux distribution with the necessary directory path changes.
Download the Chef Omnibus installer:
curl -O -L http://www.opscode.com/chef/install.sh
Begin the installation:
sudo sh install.sh
Clone the Chef Repo skeleton directory to work in:
cd ~/Development git clone https://github.com/opscode/chef-repo.git
Open a web browser, navigate to your open source Chef Server via its FQDN or IP address, login as the admin user (the default password is shown on the right hand side), and change the default admin password.
Next, regenerate the chef-validator Private Key by going to Clients > chef-validator > Edit, check the Regenerate Private Key box, and click Save Client. Copy the new Private Key to ~/Development/chef-repo/.chef/chef-validator.pem on your workstation.
Create a new user on your open source Chef Server by going to Users > Create, check the Admin box, fill out the necessary fields (I will use user jthorne in this example), and click Create User. Copy the Private Key to ~/Development/chef-repo/.chef/jthorne.pem.
Finally, open your console application and run knife configure . Fill out the fields as follows (knife will try and guess some of the values, overwrite them as necessary):
WARNING: No knife configuration file found Where should I put the config file? [/Users/jthorne/.chef/knife.rb] /Users/jthorne/Development/chef-repo/.chef/knife.rb Please enter the chef server URL: [https://macbookpro.local:443] https://chef-server.example.com:443 Please enter an existing username or clientname for the API: [jthorne] Please enter the validation clientname: [chef-validator] Please enter the location of the validation key: [/etc/chef-server/chef-validator.pem] /Users/jthorne/Development/chef-repo/.chef/chef-validator.pem Please enter the path to a chef repository (or leave blank): /Users/jthorne/Development/chef-repo You must place your client key in: /Users/jthorne/Development/chef-repo/.chef/jthorne.pem Before running commands with Knife! You must place your validation key in: /Users/jthorne/Development/chef-repo/.chef/chef-validator.pem Before generating instance data with Knife! Configuration file written to /Users/jthorne/Development/chef-repo/.chef/knife.rb
At this point knife is setup to interface with the open source Chef Server you installed earlier. Commands such as knife client list or knife node list should return lists of your registered clients and nodes, respectively.
Take note, you will need to be in the ~/Development/chef-repo directory, or whatever directory you used, when using the knife command to interface with your open source Chef Server. It is entirely possible to follow the same steps above to create another directory on your workstation that interfaces with a different open source Chef Server. The knife command will look for .chef/knife.rb in whatever directory you are currently in to figure out what Chef Server it is supposed to interface with. If you only plan on using one open source Chef Server, you can also place .chef in your home directory, so you will be able to interface with your open source Chef Server using the knife command from any directory.
Bootstrap Your First Client Server
With knife installed on your workstation and the skeleton Chef repo directory in place, you are ready to bootstrap your first client server. Bootstrapping a client server will install the chef-client onto the client server and configure it to talk back to your open source Chef Server you installed earlier.
Assuming you already have a client server ready to go, to bootstrap it use the following command:
knife bootstrap -u root $FQDN_OF_CLIENT_SERVER
If the root user is unavailable, you can pass the sudo command line switch:
knife bootstrap -u $USERNAME --sudo $FQDN_OF_CLIENT_SERVER
After a couple of minutes the client server will be registered to your open source Chef Server and you can begin applying roles and recipes to it.
References
Cesc Fàbregas is steeling themselves for a hostile reaction from Arsenal fans when Chelsea takes on their former club in the Community Shield on Sunday.
The Spaniard was afforded a mixed reception on their first return to north London last April following their £27m transfer from Barcelona to José Mourinho's side during the previous summer. Yet, as the 28-year-old gears themselves up for more of the same, they believe nothing can detract from their time playing for Arsène Wenger, who helped establish the midfielder as one of the finest in Europe before they moved to the Camp Nou in August 2011.
Filipe Luís sold back to Atlético Madrid by Chelsea Read more
“Whatever it is, it is. The love I have for that club will never change whatever happens and what is the most important is what I have with me are the memories,” said Fàbregas, who spent eight years at Arsenal. “The rest doesn't matter. I have great memories, love and respect for the club. You will never hear anything bad from me about them.
“Of course, it is not the most important game but we want to win and compete. It is a big game, a London derby at Wembley in front of all the fans – it's a nice competition to play in. Even if it is a pre-season game you still want to win. We are not worried that they might be fresher than us – they started 10 days before us – but we are competitors, we will want to win and it will probably be a great game.”
Mourinho, who finally sold the full-back Filipe Luís back to Atlético Madrid for £16m on Tuesday just a year after signing him, has cast aspersions on those who believe Wenger has been the frugal spender the Frenchman would like people to believe, yet the truth remains that both clubs will arrive at Wembley on Sunday with only minimal changes to their squads this summer. Petr Cech will start against their former club while the Colombia striker Radamel Falcao, on loan from Monaco, is set to feature for Chelsea.
“[Manchester] United already spent last year, Arsenal last year too. We spend, [Manchester] City maybe less, then now they spend again,” added Fàbregas. “They all want to compete and it will be for sure very difficult to retain the Premier League. There are four or five teams who can win it. We will see what happens but we know we will have to fight again.
“People will say United, City, Liverpool, Arsenal, Chelsea – there will always be divided opinions. What we have to do is to to maintain the levels of last season because all the teams will be better and that means we will better so we can compete against them to do well.”He added: “It has been important for us to get started again. We know we are one of the teams who started later than others, most of the teams started earlier but I think the method we use for training is the right one to try and compete all season. We have a good squad. Let's see if a few players come in but we are happy with what we have and we will try and compete until the end.”
Meanwhile, Chelsea's other new arrival, Asmir Begovic, is looking forward to beginning their career in west London despite knowing the prospect of dislodging Thibaut Courtois is a daunting one.
Premier League 2015-16 preview No4: Chelsea | Paul Doyle Read more
“It was tough decision for the fact that I had a lot of ties and good relationships with Stoke City after five and a half years and it was difficult to leave it behind,” said the Bosnian, who was a prime target for Mourinho following Cech's move to Arsenal this summer.
“I want to test myself against Thibaut – he's one of the best goalkeepers in the world – but I believe in myself. Hopefully every time I can show everybody what I'm all about and ultimately help this team. We all have to play our part at a club like this.
“For me it was more of a challenge to try something different. I think I was at that stage where I want to test myself against the best and that's ultimately what I've come here to do. Even after the first week you can see the quality here and how they can improve you with the levels and demands here.”
Hans Rosling combats global ignorance by bringing data to life. Photo: Jörgen Hildebrandt/Gapminder
Hans Rosling, Sweden's own globetrotting celebrity statistician, offers their thoughts on ignorance, connectivity and why there's no such thing as Swedish values.
Hans Rosling is a man on the move. And on a mission.
When The Local catches up with them in Stockholm he's fresh off a train from their home in Uppsala, travel bag in tow, on their way to Arlanda to board a plane to London for a speaking engagement.
“I get about a thousand invitations a year,” the 66-year-old public health expert mentions casually.
And while Rosling would rather spend more time with their colleagues at Gapminder, the foundation they set up a decade ago with their son and daughter-in-law to promote a “fact-based worldview”, the hundred or so talks they give each year (roughly half free of charge), provide a much-needed source of income – and publicity – for the foundation.
Prior to sitting down for a chat in early February, Rosling has had a hectic few weeks – even for a seasoned traveller like them – as they work through a backlog of engagements due to their decision last autumn to hop off the speaking circuit to spend three months in Liberia battling Ebola.
Milan. Davos. Edinburgh. London. Dubai. Stockholm. And soon off to London again.
“When you do these high-level lectures if you cancel, you pay half the fee. And if you have really high fees that finance the organization, you can't afford to cancel,” they explained, adding their hosts nevertheless “accepted graciously” when informed of Rosling's plans.
“You always have to go where the money is, even if that's not really where I'd like to go.”
Hans Rosling working hard in their office in Stockholm. Photo: Jörgen Hildebrandt
And where does Rosling, who has become a highly sought-after international celebrity known for giving entertaining and informative presentations about global trends, prefer to go?
“I would rather go to places where we can also learn; the idea is also to learn through the presentations,” they explain.
“So when I get an invitation from Indonesia I go to Indonesia because other language groups and other sociopolitical contexts are more interesting.”
Despite all their time in airports, however, the respected public health expert remains bothered by the prominent placement of alcohol and tobacco at airport duty-free shops in Sweden and elsewhere.
“Our public health problem beyond everything is alcoholism,” they explain, noting that chronic alcoholism was first described at Stockholm's Karolinska Institutet, where Rosling is also a Professor of International Health.
“If anything is Swedish it's alcoholism.”
While they acknowledge the commercial forces behind airport duty-free shops, they believe it's important to “adapt the pleasure of the majority at the cost of the suffering of the minority”.
Combating ignorance
Zipping through airports may take up a large chunk of Rosling's time, but they nevertheless describes their globetrotting as a “side activity”. And despite a surge in international travel and connectivity in recent years, Rosling laments that many people still don't properly understand the world around them.
“Travelling does help, but one of the struggles we have is that in spite of travelling, many people still don't get it,” they continue.
Which brings us back to Rosling's mission; a mission to combat what they dub the “toxic combination of ignorance and arrogance” that plagues many of the world's wealthier countries.
Read also: 'Nations don't change without a good crisis'
Enter Gapminder, and specifically its Trendalyzer software, which helps bring to life and make accessible statistical information that for most people would otherwise be little more than a mind-numbing mountain of data and numbers.
By plugging different numbers into the software – and employing the skills of top-notch animators and designers – Trendalyzer helps Rosling and the team at Gapminder produce eye-catching, animated graphics that illustrate trends in global development (Google was so impressed it bought Trendalyzer back in 2007).
Rosling hopes Gapminder's next major initiative, a “systematic study of misconceptions about the world” set to kick off in 2016.
Dubbed the Global Ignorance Project, the initiative stemmed from a 2013 survey Gapminder conducted in the US, UK, Norway, and Sweden where respondents were asked a number of questions, including whether the proportion of the world population living in extreme poverty has doubled, halved, or remained the same in the last 20 years.
'Worse than chimpanzees'
Photo: Stefan Nilsson/Gapminder
The percentage of respondents who answered correctly (that poverty has halved) left Rosling appalled at the level of ignorance about the degree of progress toward the first UN Millennium Development Goal of eradicating extreme poverty and hunger.
“It was worse than random; worse than if you'd asked the question to chimpanzees,” they explain.
While Rosling emphasizes the importance of facts and statistics for forming an accurate worldview, their own experiences confirm how directly connecting with other countries also goes a long way toward helping people discover and better understand the world.
Read more in the ConnectSweden series
Rosling brings up an episode from when they were an exchange student in India in 1972. A slide was shown in the classroom clearly depicting kidney cancer. At first they assumed was the only one in the room able to make such a diagnosis.
“I shut my mouth and thought, ‘Well, I'll let them try first and then I'll tell them what it is.' But 20 minutes later they had exhausted all my knowledge about kidney cancer,” they recall. “They studied harder; they knew more. For me to understand that these Indian students knew more than I did took more than simply visiting Bangalore.”
When working in Mozambique in the 1980s, Rosling witnessed the outbreak of a rare neurological disease that lead to research for their PhD. And for the course they taught on global health at Karolinska, Rosling made of point of conducting a portion of the class in the field in countries like Tanzania, Uganda, Cuba, Nicaragua, and Vietnam.
In many ways, with a home in one city, an office in another, and a job that takes them around the world, Rosling exemplifies the globalized existence of today's modern world; a world marked by ever increasing international connectivity where people and ideas continually crisscross boundaries.
Nevertheless, Rosling, who also set up the Swedish branch of Doctors Without Borders, frets over what they label “irrational nationalism”: people's tendency to ascribe achievements or values with a particular national identity.
“The whole idea that it's a place we belong to – that place is so important, that the nation is so important – is a dangerous concept,” they warn, again referring to that “toxic combination of arrogance and ignorance” he's working so hard to correct.
“It makes people think that the sheer luck of the place where they happen to exist makes them different as human beings.
“Time is our home”
Discussions of what constitutes “Swedishness”, therefore, leave Rosling uneasy.
“We don't live in Sweden. Tiden är vårt hem. Time is our home,” they proclaim, citing the title of a 1991 play by Swedish playwright Lars Norén.
“We live in this time. Time is more important than place. Our values are not place-based, they are time-based.”
Read also: 'Swedes aren't sexy, we're just naked a lot'
While values like equality, tolerance, and transparency may often be associated with Sweden's reputation abroad, Rosling argues such values aren't actually Swedish.
“There is no such thing as Swedish values. Those are modern values,” they say.
So how did Sweden make the leap to modernity from what Rosling characterizes as an “ugly” past?
“We were lucky,” says Rosling.
“Good economic growth, good public governance systems, and a strong civil society interacting with each other, all doing their part. That's what made the difference.”
Part of the luck, Rosling explains, was having far-sighted business leaders who managed capital responsibly and were not “speculative”.
“They were industrialists who modernized Ericsson and Electrolux and the big companies in ways that fit the demands of the labour movement and people who wanted high salaries and high taxes,” they explain.
'We stopped being Swedes'
Photo: Jörgen Hildebrandt
Expanding to markets abroad was important too, as it allowed Sweden's manufacturing behemoths to amass export-driven profits that made it easier to meet workers' demands back home.
“There was no contradiction between the strong labour movement and successful capitalists,” says Rosling.
Staying out of World War II didn't hurt either.
“You find values distinctly different from all other countries in northern Europe because we never had to step back ten years,” they explain. “We could advance in the same direction faster and get rid of the ugly values of the past that were Swedish values. We stopped being Swedes; we became modern.”
Gapminder's Stockholm offices are an expression such modern values and the benefits of Sweden's international connections, boasting a dynamic mix of talents and backgrounds from around the world.
Many on the Gapminder team arrived to study at Swedish universities; others came for love. But they all decided to stay and join Rosling on their mission. A visitor is just as likely to hear Portuguese as English – and maybe even a little Swedish.
“If you want to find a good person for something here you need to look among the young, women, or immigrants,” they say, adding it's a “blessing” that Sweden has so many immigrants.
But the self-proclaimed “Edutainer” doesn't make much of the fact that they happen to be from Sweden when he's traveling to any one of the dozens of faraway places they visit during a given year.
“They often think I'm from Switzerland; they often don't know where Sweden is,” they quip. “It's a rich country in Europe.”
And while they may spend a great deal of time abroad, Rosling sees their role in connecting Sweden with the world as somewhat different than that a traditional diplomat.
“I'm an ambassador for the world in Sweden,” they explain. “I don't represent Sweden in the world; I represent the world in Sweden.”
This article is part of an ongoing series produced by The Local in partnership with ConnectSweden.
Anonymous messaging app Whisper has suspended its editor-in-chief Neetzan Zimmerman and other staff members after Senate Commerce Committee Chairman Jay Rockefeller wrote a letter summoning Whisper execs to an in-person meeting to discuss the app's privacy practices.
“While Whisper provides users a unique social experience, the allegations in recent media accounts are serious and users are entitled to privacy policies that are transparent, disclosed, and followed by the company,” writes Rockefeller.
The Guardian has written several articles accusing the app of breaching user privacy and reporting that members of Whisper's staff showed the Guardian how its database could locate users within 500 meters (a little less than a standard city block in distance) of their location, including those who had asked not to be tracked. Zimmerman shot back on Twitter that the accusations were “vicious lies.” They then continued on a 20 post tweetstorm in an attempt to clear up what they said was misinformation surrounding the data that Whisper gathers.
20/At no point during their visit were Guardian reporters shown anything not already approved by top brass &used by Guardian in pub'd pieces — Neetzan Zimmerman (@neetzan) October 16, 2014
Senator Rockefeller sent a letter to Whisper CEO Michael Heyward late Wednesday asking for a meeting with them and their staff so that Heyward could explain how the app tracks users. Neetzan's Twitter account has been silent since Wednesday, following several rants about what had been happening.
Heyward said they will continue to discuss the inner workings of Whisper with the public and released a point-by-point letter Friday, addressing the latest Guardian article about Whisper being summoned to Capitol Hill. In it, Heyward suggests that the Guardian has gathered incorrect information from non-technical people, including editorial staff at Whisper.
Whisper accused the Guardian of quoting staff who were not aware they were on the record, including one such conversation in which editorial staff showed two Guardian reporters how they would be tracking an apparently sex-obsessed D.C. lobbyist “for the rest of their life.”
The back-and-forth argument on tracking gets a bit nuanced here. The Guardian had reported that Whisper tracked location in two ways, one being GPS location and another by use of IP addresses for those who have not opted into location tracking on the app. “For example, if a user is soliciting minors, we will share the limited information we have with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,” wrote Heyward.
The Guardian claims Whisper rewrote its Terms of Service and added a new section about privacy just four days after learning of the Guardian's plans to publish its expose. Whisper includes concerns about suicide in its new privacy policy section:
Whisper is meant to be a safe place. There may be situations where we may need to disclose the information we may have about you for the greater good, such as if we see suicidal statements or statements that involve the intent to harm oneself or others, or learn information about missing children, or threats to the community.
Suicide has been a popular topic on the app, particularly among military personnel.
It seems that Whisper is readily admitting how it tracks user info but the Guardian is inferring this is a common practice outside of Whisper's claims to only use this info in “extreme law enforcement cases.”
Whisper had admitted earlier that it hands certain information over to the Department of Defense and other government organizations. However Zimmerman downplayed what that information was, tweeting that Whisper only collects data on the number of times suicide was mentioned, not actual location information.
.@taoeffect @Whisper @lizzadwoskin again, “user data” consists of the number of times suicide was mentioned on the service. Nothing more. — Neetzan Zimmerman (@neetzan) October 16, 2014
Whisper's senior vice president, Eric Yellin, wrote in an email exchange with the Guardian prior to the first article being published that Whisper used IP addresses, “to determine very approximate locations.” The Guardian claimed this put Zimmerman and Yellin at odds in respect to how Whisper operates. Heyward claims Yellin meant this for cases of safety, not as a practice used on the general Whisper community.
Whisper had said earlier that it does not track users “passively or actively.” That's a bit of a head scratcher, though. While Whisper may not be able to track the exact address of a user, it would seem having the ability to track a user's location within 500 meters and also tracking IP addresses of users who have opted out of GPS tracking for the express purpose of handing that over to the government would be considered both passive and active tracking. As Heyward writes in the letter:
“Previous locations of posted Whispers may be taken into consideration when evaluating the veracity of a user's claims for editorial purposes. For example, if a user claimed to be a doctor treating an Ebola patient in West Africa, and never in fact had any Whispers posted in West Africa, our editorial team would not feature the post.”
Heyward asserts in the letter that Whisper drops IP address info after seven days. However, this seems counter to a later paragraph in which they address the Guardian's concerns over storing user data “indefinitely.” The Guardian reported that info was readily available at any time using an in-house mapping tool that allowed editorial staff to search posts and verify their authenticity in order to feature them on the site.
Heyward defends this practice, explaining that it's a feature that allows users to search for old posts, not something that can identify individuals or their location. This one also ends up being a tricky argument. The Guardian claims Whisper staff can search and identify people, using their post info. Heyward says it's just the post, not the individual info that is associated with the post that gets stored sine die.
Is this just semantics over what constitutes passive and active storing of information or a nuanced misunderstanding of how the privacy sausage is made? Is Whisper hiding something, as the Guardian claims? Is the Guardian a bunch of “alarmists,” just “outright lying and totally wrong,” as Whisper claims? No date, to our knowledge, has been set yet for Whisper execs to meet with Rockefeller and sort this out. But what is clear is that if you are thinking of committing an illegal act, you should definitely not post that on Whisper. That is, unless you'd like the government to go knocking on all your neighbors' doors about it.
Note: We've reached out to the Guardian to find out if the above map is an illustration of the in-house mapping tool or an actual example provided to the reporters. We have not heard back yet, but will update this post as more information becomes available.
Sure, this is a documentary about the Deep Web, Bitcoin and the Silk Road. But as importantly it's an exploration of a pivotal moment in cultural history. The events that are currently taking place at this juncture of the digital revolution will shape our future.
We are asking you to join the community of our film as we build and launch this ambitious project, and follow us on the journey. We're interviewing some of the greatest and most notorious minds in all areas of this story; hackers, innovators, politicians, free-thinkers, law enforcement and criminals.
We invite you to participate in our film by following us on Facebook and Twitter.
THE DEEP WEB
Refers to all unseen, un-indexed and often intentionally hidden web content. The Deep Web accounts for at least 96% of the World Wide Web. 96%! Think about that! What you see when you surf around the web is a fraction of what's actually going on out there. And a lot of what's going on out there is scary stuff!
BITCOIN
A peer-to-peer crypto-currency that exists outside the control of governments and banks. In a nutshell this is cyber-money that is spent anonymously. Bitcoin has the potential to create a level of global disruption that will make Napster look like child's play.
SILK ROAD
An online black market, trading in legal and many illegal products, including all manner of drugs, using encrypted technology to protect the user's anonymity. I think this mind-blowing, disturbing, weirder-than-Sci-Fi service speaks for itself.
In the last ten years, the digital revolution has swept like a brushfire into every corner of modern life. The world we now live in bears little resemblance to even the recent past. And the changes that are coming will disrupt our lives in even greater ways, some good and some harmful. But this tidal wave cannot be stopped, and its path can best be charted by examining the Deep Web; the vast unseen world that lies at the heart of the Internet and is the engine for the entire technological era.
Amazingly, the story of the Deep Web has never been told on film. Until now.
The Deep Web on one level simply represents the 96% of the World Wide Web that is unseen by the average citizen and not indexed by standard search engines. But more significantly, the Deep Web is a movement, a philosophy, a tool for revolution, and its foundation was built long before Napster and the iPod, WikiLeaks, The Arab Spring and the revelations of widespread NSA surveillance.
It is a long and winding road that has brought us to today's landscape of crypto-currency, Internet-fueled revolution and dangerous online black markets. And to explore this world is to better understand the full implications of where we now find ourselves and what may be the best way forward.
Alex Winter (Director/Producer) - Director/Producer of Downloaded. Contact Alex directly via GPG here.
Marc Schiller (Producer) - Marketing strategist behind such films as Exit Through The Gift Shop, SENNA, The Imposter, and others. (Marc is also the co-founder of Wooster Collective)
Glen Zipper (Producer) - Producer of the feature documentary Undefeated, the recipient of the Academy Award for best feature documentary in 2012.
Anghel Decca & Joe Desalvo (Directors of Photography)
Thom Zimny - (Consulting Producer)
And YOU if you sign on to our Kickstarter and join the Deep Web movie community!
SIGNED AND PERSONALIZED BILL AND TED CEREAL BOX! ONLY ONE TO BE GIVEN!: This cereal box was only for sale for a limited time and is extremely rare. I only have one of these to give away!
DEEP WEB BUNDLE!
DEEP WEB BUNDLE! BOTH BILL & TED SCRIPTS: A bundle of both Bill & Ted scripts signed and personalized by me! DIGITAL DOWNLOADS: Receive a series of DRM free digital downloads as we shoot the film. And when the film is ready for release, you will receive a digital download of the movie itself, with special bonus content. 'DOWNLOADED' INCLUDED: Also receive a DRM free digital copy of my last doc 'Downloaded: The Rise and Fall of Napster' SKYPE CALL: You and I will do a personal one-on-one Skype call to talk about anything you want - DEEP WEB, Napster, Bill & Ted's! THANK-YOU IN THE CREDITS: And the cherry on your sundae is your name in the end credits of the movie!
AUTOGRAPHED 'BILL & TED' SCREENPLAY PLUS A DIGITAL DOWNLOAD OF THIS DOCUMENTARY: I'll send you both a personally autographed copy of my production screenplay for 'Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure' AND a DRM free digital download of the documentary when it's complete.
AUTOGRAPHED BILL & TED'S BOGUS JOURNEY SCREENPLAY
NEW REWARD FOR THANKSGIVING: I'll send you a personally autographed copy of my production screenplay for 'Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey' (Originally titled "Bill & Ted Go To Hell." This version of the script has different scenes and dialogue than the finished film and is unavailable anywhere for sale.
RARE PUBLICITY STILLS SIGNED BY ALEX WINTER
New Reward Posted 11/24/13: You asked for it. Here they are. For $120, I will personally sign three rarely seen publicity stills from Freaked, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, and Lost Boys.
MOST OUTSTANDING BILL AND TED'S SCREENING PARTY:
New Reward Posted 11/22/13: MOST OUTSTANDING BILL AND TED'S SCREENING PARTY: You wanted it. We're going to do it! For $200, I will invite you to special screening at a SoHo apartment in New York City on Saturday, January 4th where we will watch Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure together.
AUTOGRAPHED RARE 'DOWNLOADED' SCREEN PRINT
For $75, I will send you a one-off Downloaded poster from its screening at the Awesome Fest in Philadelphia. When these are gone, there are no more! ***Thanks to the Awesome Josh Goldbloom
AUTOGRAPHED 'BILL & TED' SCREENPLAY
For $65 I'll send you a personally autographed copy of my production screenplay for 'Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure'. This version of the script has different names, scenes and dialogue than the finished film and is unavailable anywhere for sale.
AUTOGRAPHED 'DOWNLOADED' TRANSCRIPTS:
Autographed original transcripts from the Downloaded documentary interviews. Insider information that didn't make it into the finished movie!
Alex Winter On CNN
Watch Alex Winter talk about the DEEP WEB and Bitcoin on CNN here.
MASHABLE "Deep Web Film Will Go Inside the World of Bitcoin, Silk Road and Beyond"
THE VERGE "Bill and Ted' actor launches Kickstarter campaign for Bitcoin film"
WIRED: "Napster Documentarian's Next Project: The Untold Story of Bitcoin"
NERDIST: "Pickstarter: Alex Winter's Bitcoin/Silk Road Documentary DEEP WEB"
VOCATIV: "A Totally Excellent Deep Web Documentary"
INDIEWIRE: "Alex Winter Kickstarts Doc About Bitcoin and Silk Road"
by Paul Warkin on November 26, 2016
Why is using NSDAP imagery a bad strategy?
First, the Alt Right does not equal National Socialism, so Alt Rightists would be misrepresenting themselves. But we also arenâ€™t Libertarians, yet there is no outrage when Alt Rightists use Libertarian sources. So this is not the real reason why using NSDAP imagery is a bad strategy.
The real reason is that people in the political mainstream have a conditioned repulsive response to NSDAP imagery: their minds shut down when they see a swastika, and they become unable to consider any ideas with such branding or association. This is reinforced by mainstream media that actively vilify and attack NSDAP symbols and ideas. Because of this, introducing anti-progressive, anti-liberal, and anti-modern ideas to them generally works more smoothly without it because it denies them that excuse to stop listening.
However, there is a problem with this. That conditioned response is not triggered only by NSDAP imagery. It is also triggered — though to a duller degree — by any hint of suggestion that significant racial or sex differences exist, by critiques of democracy as a fundamentally flawed system, and any lack of support for egalitarianism. Even expressing the desire for the continued existence of European people can cause alarms and inhibit thought in those who are in the political mainstream.
Further, the mainstream media make no distinction between genuine NSDAP convictions and any anti-egalitarian ideas. Those who make purely scientific observations about racial differences are still called â€œNazis.â€
And so the same reasoning that suggests complete rejection of any symbol associated with the NSDAP in any way would also seem to suggest avoidance of the very ideas that are at the heart of our cause. In order to not be shut out of mainstream discourse, and in order to avoid being tarred with incorrect labels that reinforce that censure, it seems we must water down our communication to the point that anything substantial is lost, and simply hope that one day WWII propaganda and the mass media that reinforces it will fade away on its own.
This is obviously not a sound strategy. We have two routes around this impasse.
With the first, we can charge ahead boldly and speak openly, honestly, and unapologetically the truths that need to be said. We will be vilified and attacked, and many will shut off their minds when they hear us, but the conditioning is not absolute, and brighter minds (which are more important to us) will have a chance of breaking through. We will never convince everyone, but we donâ€™t need to or want to. This is the path that has been taken by this site.
With the second, we can meet Hitler in a warm embrace, emblazon the swastika on hitherto innocuous cartoon frogs, and crank up the death camp ovens to 6,000,000 degrees. Take the Nazi straw man that has been wielded against us, pump them full of post-ironic steroids and send them back to the enemy so that their absurd hysteria entertains and delights us. Create such an over-the top scathingly mocking caricature of the leftâ€™s caricature of us that the epithet â€œNaziâ€ falls limp and impotent from their hateful lips. This is the path taken by sites like The Daily Stormer.
What must be recognized is that those in the first path do not benefit by attacking those in the second. Doing so will not save them from being labeled â€œNazisâ€ — nothing will. Now is not the time to be tip-toeing around the left in the hope that theyâ€™ll leave us alone. Even the flimsy excuse of not wanting to hurt Trumpâ€™s image has become completely irrelevant now that they have won.
On the contrary, those who take the first path have much to gain from the success of the second path. If these trolls and jokers succeed in breaking the NSDAP taboo they will have opened a wide space of ideas in which all the principles and ideals that lead to an ascendant civilization can breathe freely and thrive.
The left has absolutely no credibility. At this point, this rare chance we have with Trump, this narrow opening through which we may possibly use political means to save our civilization it would be utterly foolish for us to pay any attention to leftist hysteria except as an opportunity for exploitation.
Realize that any leftist, any mass media outlet that would attack the Alt Right because of a few audience members raising Roman salutes would have attacked the Alt Right in any case. Instead of succumbing to your their hysteria and bickering with your allies, focus your martial energies on your enemies!
Tags: adolf hitler, alt-right, alternative right, heilgate, NSDAP, roman salutes, salutegate
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
As Sen. Dianne Feinstein D-Calif. opened their press conference on gun control today, they invited Dean of the National Cathedral Rev. Canon Gary Hall to offer a prayer.
Hall spoke briefly before the prayer, calling for Washington lawmakers to stop fearing the gun lobby and fulfill their “moral duty” to restrict guns.
"Everyone in this city seems to live in terror of the gun lobby," Hall said. "But I believe that the gun lobby is no match for the cross lobby."
Hall said that they could no longer justify a society that allowed ordinary citizens to keep and bear "assault weapons."
During the prayer, Hall asked God to “bless our elected leaders with the wisdom and the courage needed to bring about the changes that the people demand.”
James O'Keefe and Project Veritas recently produced a video showing administrators from Vassar and Oberlin Colleges promising to destroy the Constitution, “as it triggers students,” but their latest offering shows that these are not isolated incidents.
In the second part of PV's series, an undercover video journalist visits Yale University, Cornell University and Syracuse University, and administrators at all three schools go through with destroying the document as a form “therapy.” (VIDEO: Hidden Camera Catches College Administrator Shredding Constitution)
Jason Killheffer, Yale's director of academic integrity programs, told the reporter he's “happy to take it and shred it in [his] office,” but settles for ripping it up with their bare hands.
At Syracuse, equal opportunity officer Sheila Johnson told the reporter that “[they] definitely care” about students' feelings, before dismantling the Constitution with a pair of scissors.
Finally, Cornell's lead Title IX investigator Elizabeth McGrath said that the “people who wrote [the Constitution] are certainly flawed individuals in [her] mind,” and sent the document through a shredder.
WATCH:
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
About
We Started Columbus Leather with a Goal
To be a self-sustaining company that would become a job-training resource for at-risk teens in Columbus, Ohio. Our goal is not to teach kids how to work, but how to be employed--and employable. We have schools and companies interested in working with us, but first, we need Kickstarter to get the company moving forward. We plan to sell the highest quality leather belts with a lifetime guarantee.
How Can We Guarantee Our Belts for Life? Because We Believe in Quality.
We start with Full-Grain Leather which is the strongest part of the hide. If you buy a belt in a department store -- even a nice department store -- you're going to see a lot of “genuine leather” in the descriptions. According to Business Insider, that “means it is the lowest quality of all products made out of real leather.” Great marketing, but not such a great belt.
Quality Materials = Better Lasting Products = Very Happy Customers = More Staff Parties
Once we cut the full-grain leather, we apply water-based dye with sheepskin, which holds more dye so that we can really penetrate the leather with the color of your choice. We seal that color in with a finishing agent, and we add a conditioner to make the belts more water resistant.
After the dye is completed, we finish the edges. If leather is cut and not finished, not only will the belt eventually fray, just like an unfinished piece of cloth, the rough edges of the belt will also damage your belt loops. So we burnish the edges of our belts, even though it takes considerably more time, because we believe in maintaining the ideal belt/belt loop harmony.
Now about those rewards...
We need your support to send our fine leather belts to two craft shows in the summer of 2016, but we will be making your belts as soon as this Kickstarter campaign concludes. Not only will you get a great product with a lifetime guarantee, but you can change a teenager's life as well (more on that later). For now, just know that your piece will be handmade and guaranteed to last, growing more beautiful year by year.
All styles, colors, and sizes will be collected at the close of the campaign.
The Cow. We're going to create a leather Hide of Recognition, stamped with each of your names to hang in the shop. With enough support, we hope we will have to use a whole Cow Hide! This will remind our kids every day how many people care that they succeed. No one can say they are alone in this struggle and this will be a great reminder.....and it will look pretty awesome!
You'll get one leather key chain with stainless steel key ring in your choice of black, brown, or chestnut. This key chain is made of our oil-dyed leather so it's very soft and water resistant, in case your keys get caught in the rain. If you want a name or word stamped into the leather (up to 7 letters), just add $5 to your donation. Rather than hooking your keys to your belt loop--and breaking the belt loops from the weight--you can thread our key chain onto your belt and hook your existing keys to the steel ring. Save your belt loops, add some style. Double win.
You can secure this key chain to your belt by threading the belt through the key chain
You get three leather cord keepers, a stylish way to keep all of your charging cords and headphone wires out of the way. The Keeper has a convenient slot for your headphone jack so The Keeper stays put on your cord while you're using your headphones. Your choice of three colors, black, brown or chestnut--mix or match.
When listening to your iPod you can attach the Keeper to a belt loop. This will keep your iPod from gently dropping on the floor and cracking
You get one Real Man's Bracelet, for any (or buy one for all!) of the real men in your life. (Of course, a real woman could probably pull this look off better anyway!) A stainless steel D-Ring clasp secures your choice of black, brown, or chestnut drum-dyed leather. The ends are hand-tied with your choice of black or brown thread.
You also get the key chain of your choice!
You get one of our fine Classic Belts. A drum-dyed, vegetable tanned, 1½ inch leather belt in black, brown, or chestnut with a stainless steel roller buckle. Our Classic Belt is secured with Chicago screws, which means you can change your buckle any time you like. We also use four Chicago screws -- most belts only have two-- because we like to be over prepared. A standard five holes (7 optional) are spaced ¾ of an inch apart rather than the normal inch, which means the belt adjusts more closely to your waistline. The drum-dyed leather has a protective wax built into it that makes these belts extremely durable and water resistant. Always included is our Lifetime Guarantee.
You get one of our Natural Belts. A non-dyed, 1½ inch vegetable tanned leather belt. The color of this belt will be the natural leather and as the belt ages with wear, it will slowly turn into a beautiful brown. We burnish the edges for a sleek, finished look and add a Napa buckle in antique brass or antique nickel, your choice. The buckle is secured with four Chicago screws because we say four is better than two. We add a leather conditioner to guard against everyday wear and tear. The same hole number and spacing as The Classic, and of course, our lifetime guarantee.
You get one of our signature belts: The Boss. A hand-dyed, vegetable-tanned, 1½ inch leather belt. We dye the leather with water stain dye in black, dark brown, or light brown (Bordeaux is a stretch goal). We burnish the edges as with The Natural, add the leather conditioner to protect the beauty of this belt, and finish with a Napa buckle in your choice of antique brass or nickel. We secure the belt with four Chicago screws so you can make it truly yours by adding your favorite buckle. The same hole number and spacing as The Classic, the same lifetime guarantee. We think this is the finest product we make, and we believe you'll love it as much as we do.
Bordeaux is one of our stretch goals. It's a beautiful brown with a hint of red. My personal favorite.
You get the “Real” Boss, our ladies' belt — it does the same job as The Boss, but with fewer resources. This belt is 1¼ inches wide with a decorative trim line on the edges, and we craft it with all the care and attention to detail as The Boss. We will make this for you in natural leather or we'll hand dye it in black, dark brown, light brown (or Bordeaux if we make our first stretch goal), then add leather conditioner to protect the beauty for years to come. Your choice of brass or stainless steel buckle, which we secure with two Chicago screws so you can change your buckles any time you like. Lifetime Guarantee.
If you are one of the hundreds of people serving in the Hilltop and Linden areas of Columbus, or neighborhoods like them everywhere, than I want to sincerely thank you. You have taught me to never underestimate anyone's generosity. That's why we are offering a reward of One belt of your choice--any color, style, buckle, anything-- for a pledge of $250 or more. (Yep, feel free to change your pledge to whatever you feel led to give.)
You will receive ANY belt, ANY color including Bordeaux, with ANY buckle. And your item will be the first to ship.
Why Your Support Matters
Do you remember when you applied for your first job? Did you feel pretty nervous, maybe really unprepared? I'm guessing you had some help though. Maybe your parents or a coach or a teacher talked you through it. Maybe you had friends who'd been on their first interviews already, and they told you what to expect.
For many teens in Central Ohio, those things just don't happen. They have backgrounds steeped with generational underemployment, housing instability, crushing poverty--circumstances that work to thwart these kids from learning the most basic employment skills that other kids learn from everyone around them. Most of them want to work and find a career. However, their lack of resources and sometimes a long history of letdowns robs them of the hope of a better future. We got sick of seeing kids with great potential losing out on the most basic need of life--the need to work--because they just didn't have the right support. Instead of complaining about this situation, we came up with a plan to fix it. And that's where the leather belts come in.
We've worked with local businesses, educators, and volunteers to come up with a plan to help these kids. But we can't do it without the start up money.
Our Kickstarter project will provide the means for Columbus Leather to sell all the products you've seen above at two events in the summer of 2016. The proceeds from those events will be used to fund an internship program for at-risk and under-served teenagers in Columbus, Ohio.
We will be following a proven model for training that will equip our youth in three areas:
Equipping them to find employment
Equipping them to sustain employment
Equipping them to thrive during their employment
Of course, there are many more components to the plans and the program. If you want to learn more about that, you can read about our mission here.
But to start that mission, we need to fund this Kickstarter. Here's how much and what it's for:
(You can trust us on how amazing this self-centering punch is, but we think you might want to gaze upon it in awe yourself. The truth is, if we intend to do high volumes, this punch is totally necessary.)
Every belt we produce is made of the highest quality leather and materials, and we have spared no expense to ensure our workmanship matches our leather quality. We stand fully behind our products and we will back them as long as you own them. This guarantee covers all defects in materials and workmanship. This guarantee does not cover improper use of a belt such as wearing your belt while swimming in the ocean, wiping out on your motorcycle, towing your buddy's car, your dog using it as a chew toy, or dousing your belt in corrosive materials, even though we believe our belts can stand up to anything you throw at them.
WHO WILL MAKE MY BELT?
Because it takes years to become a proficient leather worker, I will hand tool all of the Kickstarter pieces. If we receive more support than expected (and I hope we do!), I've recruited two additional craftsmen from Columbus's leather community to ensure quick fulfillment. Our students have incredible potential, but they aren't ready quite yet!
I truly believe we can make a difference, but I know we can't do it alone. By collaborating creatively as a community, we can change the outlook for kids facing nearly impossible challenges. As a mechanic, I love to solve problems, and as an artist, I love to create. It is my dream to join these passions to give at-risk students a leg up, a chance to make a more stable life for themselves and their future families, so that we can create a better community for all of us.
The US helped set fire to Syria. And now that Russia is trying to put out that fire, Washington is accusing them of not fighting the fire in the right way, says retired CIA and State Department official, Larry Johnson.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has called for Russia and Syria to be investigated for alleged war crimes in Aleppo.
This statement comes as Russia has welcomed the suggestion of the UN Special Envoy for Syria to let Al-Nusra militants leave the war-ravaged town of Aleppo as a way of assisting the civilians there.
Washington has threatened to impose "costs" on Russia over the Syrian conflict.
It's the starkest warning so far from the US, which has been ramping up the rhetoric against Russia in recent weeks, moving from criticism to thinly veiled threats.
RT: First it was an end to cooperation with Russia, then it was the mention of so-called costs. Now it's diplomatic sanctions and talk of a war crimes investigation. Is Kerry serious here or is it merely a continued ramping up of the rhetoric? What can this rhetoric lead to?
Read more
Larry Johnson: I am hoping they are not serious. Unfortunately, this heated rhetoric out of Kerry is buttressed by some Republicans as well. There's almost a collective madness that is taking hold of many Americans. And the irony of all of this is if we are going to apply the same standard they now are trying to impose upon Russia, the US would be before international tribunals facing off accusations of war crimes for at least 30-40 years. You can start the litany with Vietnam and move forward. This is really a very unwise move and frankly I find it frightening.
RT: The US is calling for a war crimes investigation on Russia and Syria over the alleged killing of civilians. But, for example, in July this year, there was an attack in Manbij that killed 28 people and the US admitted it was bombing in this area. Where is the independent investigation into that?
LJ: The other thing that has been going here is that the US is akin to an arsonist. We helped set fire to Syria. And now that Russia and others are trying to put out that fire, we are accusing them of not fighting the fire in the right way. We started the fire, the US along with the UK, Saudis and Turks. The money that was being funneled to opposition groups for the expressed purpose of trying to provoke a war with Bashar Al-Assad. And then there has been disconcerted propaganda after what we've seen underway. The most recent aspect of it was this documentary film called ‘White Helmets', which is a propaganda effort designed to shape opinion in the West and to build sentiment for some sort of military intervention in Syria. And all this comes against the backdrop that the US, whether it wants to admit it or not, has been helping to fund radical jihadists in Syria. That has to stop. The US is blind to several things, such as the fact that we depend upon Russia to be able to get back and forth from the space station. It is really childish and immature kind of policy - the chest-thumping - we've seen coming out of John Kerry's mouth. Frankly, it just reflects a lack of leadership at the top, from Barack Obama on down.
‘Kerry is posturing and pandering to the domestic and foreign audience'
Former counter-terrorism officer Charles Shoebridge thinks that “Kerry is hedging their bets as to the (...) diplomatic and indeed the military situation on the ground in Syria; the direction of travel of those processes.”
“We've seen again and again where Kerry grandstands, they tend to go onto a soapbox and speak in a very bellicose, counterproductive and threatening way. Then behind the scenes they seem to be able to come to accommodation with Lavrov and others, even if then subsequently America is unable to deliver on those undertakings they have signed in to. For example, the recent Geneva agreements regarding separation of the so-called moderates from the more extremist fighters that Russia and indeed America committed to attacking”, Shoebridge said.
In their opinion, it may well be that “some degree of posturing is going on.”
“Kerry is pandering to the domestic and foreign audience that, in its diverse ways, makes up the elements of the US foreign policy - the different lobby groups. They have to think about the Saudis, the Israelis, the Qataris as well as all the different lobbying pressure groups at home, And of course, that's in an election year. So, therefore one has to take some of their points with a pinch of salt. But nonetheless it is still having the effect of ramping up the psychological pressures on all parties because they paint themselves into a corner. And that's particularly when America is hardly one to lecture on war crimes.
At the moment, [the US] supplies arms freely to Israel, to Saudi Arabia, to other countries that are committing war crimes, and certainly in Saudi Arabia's case which is committing war crimes on a daily basis in Yemen. So they open themselves and America up to criticism on that angle”, they told RT.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Russian forces seized Crimea's remaining military bases after Ukrainian servicemen withdrew this week
The UN General Assembly has approved a resolution describing the Moscow-backed referendum that led to Russia's annexation of Crimea as illegal.
It comes after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) agreed to a loan deal with Ukraine worth $14-18bn.
The US Congress also passed legislation on Thursday backing a $1bn loan guarantee for Ukraine.
Tensions are high between Russia and the West after pro-Russian troops annexed Ukraine's southern peninsula.
The West has widely condemned the move, with US President Barack Obama warning on Wednesday of "deeper" EU and US sanctions against Russia if it carried out further incursions in Ukraine.
Non-binding
One hundred countries voted in favour of approving a UN General Assembly resolution declaring the Crimean referendum on 16 March illegal and affirming Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Mr Obama made it clear that they believe the West is on the right side of history - but it is not going to war over Ukraine
Eleven nations voted against, with 58 abstentions.
"This support has come from all corners of the world which shows that this (is) not only a regional matter but a global one,'' Ukraine's Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsia told reporters after the vote.
But Russia's ambassador to the UN, Vitaly Churkin, said "the fact that almost half" of the UN General Assembly members had not supported the resolution was "a very encouraging trend and I think this trend will become stronger and stronger".
Given that the resolution was non-binding, the vote was largely symbolic, says the BBC's Nick Bryant in New York.
But Ukraine hopes the resolution will act as a deterrent and dissuade Moscow from making further incursions into its territory, they add.
Image copyright AP Image caption Diplomats left their seats to photograph electronic monitors displaying the General Assembly vote count
President Obama said the IMF announcement, which would unlock a further $10bn in loans for Ukraine, was a "major step forward" to help stabilise the country's economy and meet the long-term needs of its people.
Speaking after talks with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in Rome on Thursday, Mr Obama said it was a "concrete signal" that the world stood united with Ukraine at a difficult time.
A bill was also passed in the US Senate and House of Representatives on Thursday providing $1bn in loan guarantees aimed at stabilising Ukraine's economy. The measure still needs to be signed into law by President Obama.
Ukraine's interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk had earlier told parliament the country was on the ""on the edge of economic and financial bankruptcy".
'Door of diplomacy'
On Thursday evening, some 2,000 protesters belonging to the far-right nationalist group, Right Sector, gathered outside the Ukrainian parliament in Kiev demanding the resignation of Interior Minister Arsen Avakov.
They blame Mr Avakov for the death of one of the group's leaders, Oleksandr Muzychko, in an arrest operation earlier this week.
A BBC correspondent at the scene described the crowd's mood as aggressive, with MPs urging them to move away from the premises through loudspeakers.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Far-right protesters rallied outside Kiev's parliament building on Thursday evening
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Security guards block the doors of the parliament building in Kiev as Right Sector activists gather outside
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Angered by the death of a Right Sector leader, protesters are demanding the interior minister's resignation
The protesters smashed several windows and vowed to return on Friday morning before retreating, the AFP news agency reports.
Meanwhile, former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko earlier announced they planned to run for president of Ukraine in the elections expected to take place on 25 May.
Ms Tymoshenko, who has already served twice as prime minister and ran for president in 2010, said they would stand as "a candidate for Ukrainian unity".
They were released after serving three years in jail on corruption charges, following the ousting of pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych in February.
More than 100 people were killed during protests which overthrew pro-Kremlin President Yanukovych in February.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Yulia Tymoshenko: "I dream about victory... but the victory for Ukraine"
They followed months of street protests sparked by Mr Yanukovych's decision to reject a planned EU trade deal in favour of closer ties with Moscow.
Since then, Russia has annexed the Crimean peninsula, which last week voted to become part of the Russian federation.
Mr Obama said on Thursday that the US hoped Russia would "walk through the door of diplomacy" and resolve the issue in a peaceful way.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ukraine hopes the UN General Assembly resolution will deter Russia from any future incursion
In other Ukraine developments:
Linux has found a home for itself in the office.
Will your business move to Windows 8 server? Will your office support iPads for work? I don't know. I do know that chances are your enterprise is very likely to increase its use of Linux.
According to new report by The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization dedicated to accelerating the growth of Linux, "Linux Adoption Trends 2012: A Survey of Enterprise End Users," in a lousy IT economy Linux is still growing by leaps and bounds.
How fast it is growing? The report states, "Eighty-four percent of respondents report that their organizations have expanded Linux usage in the last 12 months, with 82% planning on continuing that expansion into the year ahead. The 5-year outlook indicates an even longer-term commitment to the platform among 79.8% of Linux users surveyed, who say the use of Linux in their company or organization will increase relative to other operating systems during this time period."
Windows? More than 25% are planning to decrease the number of Windows servers, while only 21.7% of respondents are planning an increase in Windows servers during this time period.
For companies that are moving to Big Data, such as Wal-Mart and Intuit, the Linux Foundation found that "nearly 72% are choosing Linux to support it. Most enterprises expressed concern with the rapid growth of data, and Linux is clearly the platform of choice to address it. Only 35.9% are planning to use Windows to meet the demands of this new environment."
As for the cloud, the Foundation found that "Cloud computing continues its steady adoption across all enterprises worldwide, and this trend is reflected in our survey. This year we saw a 34% increase in organizations migrating some of their applications to cloud-based computing. All told, 61% of organizations now cite cloud-based applications, whether public, private, or hybrid. Of those users in the cloud, 66% are using Linux as their primary platform, up 4.7% from last year. Going forward, 34.9% of organizations are planning to migrate more applications to the cloud, up from 26% last year."
So why are people moving to Linux for their servers and cloud? Total cost of ownership (TCO), 70%; feature set/technical superiority, 68.6%; and security, 64.6% continue to be Linux's major adoption drivers. It's also noteworthy, when you can't go a day without hearing about another major security problem, such as the massive holes in Oracle's DBMS software, that 77.2% of the survey's respondents consider Linux to be more secure than other operating systems.
It used to be that Linux gained its market-share from cannibalizing Unix servers. That seems to no longer be the case. According to this study, in the last two years 71.6% of new Linux deployments have been in brand-new applications and green deployments. By comparison, 38.5% were migrations from Windows and 34.5% were from Unix.
Of course, as the Linux Foundation admits, their results come from "enterprise users who are motivated to take a survey from The Linux Foundation are not an unbiased lot, but the size of these organizations, their buying power and technical prowess - as filtered by The Linux Foundation and Yeoman - can provide important guidance both for Linux vendors and developers, as well as their competitors."
The Foundation has a point. The survey covered 428 respondents at organizations with $500 million or more a year in revenues or greater than 500 employees. Companies surveyed included Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Bristol-Myers Squibb, NTT, Deutsche Bank, DreamWorks, ADP, Bank of New York, NYSE, NASDAQ QMX, Goodrich, MetLife, AIG, and many more. These companies aren't using Linux for trivial jobs either. 69.1% these companies plan in the next twelve months to use Linux for more mission-critical workloads. In other words, big companies doing big work are leading the way to Linux.
Linux tie image by adpowers, CC 2.0.
Related Stories:
Red Hat's 3.0 platform deemed a turning point for KVM, cloud aims
Is the Linux Desktop actually growing?
Datacenter win for SUSE Linux
Winners and Losers in Business Open-Source Software
Microsoft reluctantly bows to Linux users
(Click to access report) Pale Cyst Nematode (PCN) Eradication Program
Idaho Falls, Idaho 2017 1st Quarter Report (January 1 – March 31 )
“The general opinion by our trading partners is that potatoes produced outside regulated areas do not pose the biological risk for introduction of PCN.”
Potato Cyst Nematode
A federal lawsuit filed by farmers seeking to have their fields removed from a federal quarantine continues to work its way through the court after a judge denied the government's request to dismiss the case.
Also, a supplemental environmental impact statement currently in a comment period lists as the preferred alternative for dealing with the nematodes one that doesn't use methyl bromide. The chemical treatment, which was stopped in 2014, has been highly effective at killing nematodes but concerns have been raised that it has sickened livestock.
Progress is being made eradicating the microscopic potato cyst nematodes that have been threatening Idaho's $900 million potato industry the last decade, according to the latest update by USDA-APHIS.The U.S. Department of Agriculture said viable potato cyst nematodes can no longer be detected in three additional fields. The agency on Friday released the first quarter report for 2017 on the Pale Cyst Nematode Eradication Program that said 20 of the 27 infected fields have now reached that step in a lengthy process to return to production.About 9,300 acres are being regulated because of the pest in southeastern Idaho. Canada, Mexico, and Korea initially banned Idaho potatoes when the pests were discovered in 2006, and Japan banned all U.S. potatoes. Japan still bans Idaho potatoes.The report said that extensive surveys have not found the pale cyst nematode, or PCN, in Idaho beyond the 27 confirmed fields.From the report:Nematodes feed on potato roots and can reduce crop production by 80 percent, but experts say they aren't harmful to humans. Idaho produces about 30 percent of the nation's potato cropThere are two related fronts involving nematodes:
JOHN Worsfold says they would “gladly” give up the West Coast Eagles 2006 Premiership if it meant their former star player Ben Cousins never turned to drugs.
The West Coast legend also revealed they want to help Essendon's players rediscover their love for football after the supplements saga.
Worsfold, the hot favourite to take the helm at Essendon, told a seminar aimed at men's happiness that they were motivated more by helping young men “grow” than by winning.
“One thing that really annoys me is when the media will often say, ‘AFL coaches are putting winning ahead of player welfare', and from my personal point of view that is so wrong,” the dual Premiership captain said.
“I would gladly give up wins. If you said, ‘Hand your 2006 Premiership Cup back and you can wind the clock back to where Ben Cousins will never touch an illicit drug and lives a healthy life', I would easily give it up, easily.
“That would make me much happier, to know that Ben Cousins hasn't gone through what he's gone through.”
media_camera Former West Coast Eagles captain and coach John Worsfold with Raising Happy behavioural psychologist Vishal Maharaj. Picture: Daniel Wilkins.
Worsfold this week spoke at Subiaco Oval for the Raising Happy Seminar created by behavioural psychologist Vishal Maharaj. Before 50 men they joked how there was speculation they had the Essendon job before he'd been interviewed.
Having helped the Adelaide Crows for the past three months after the death of coach Phil Walsh, Worsfold said they were naturally inclined to step into that coaching role, but the interstate travel and time away from family made them decline.
“When I look at the Essendon Football Club at the moment and I weigh up would that be a good club to go and help, could I help these young men enjoy their footy, play good footy and grow, I think, ‘Yeah I could do that',” Worsfold said.
“They have been through an unbelievably tough time.
“If you're getting paid $250,000 a year to tie your laces on your footy boots and run around and have a kick you should be really happy.
“You get 10 years to do that and they should be the best 10 years of your working life. These guys have been miserable for three years of that unbelievably important part of their life and I feel sorry for them.”
Knowing what it feels like to play in a great football side, Worsfold said they were motivated to help the Essendon players reignite their passion for playing the sport.
“Not by necessarily making them win straight away but making them have a better vision of where they want to get to and how good it will be,” they said.
“Mindset is a massive thing and it is one of the issues, if I do decide to go back into the AFL as a senior coach, I will challenge people on.
“It is not as black and white as you think. ”
Worsfold also said they aren't surprised by the Eagles' on-field success under coach Adam Simpson, saying they were convinced in 2010 — when West Coast finished last — that the team would soon become premiership contenders.
“If I had gone negative and defensive in 2010 I think it would have delayed where they are now,” they said.
“If I had come out and said, ‘We do need to change this squad', maybe we would have traded some of those players out who have become really good players or delisted them if I had not stuck with my beliefs. A couple of players said to me in 2011, ‘How did you stay so positive last year?' I said, ‘Because I know what it feels like to be a great team and I knew you guys would become that great team'.”
Originally published as I'd give up Cup for Ben: Woosha
So you got your Xbox One Day One edition in black and couldn't be happier but then you found out that Microsoft actually made White Xbox One for the launch team that worked on the development of the Xbox One and let's face it, you were jealous a little or a lot. The original White Xbox One also saw and has been up for sale of ebay too with the proceedings from the sale to go directly to charity among others but they will cost you an arm and a leg.
But fret not, if you're a car enthusiast who likes to decorate their car with decals with aftermarket stuff than you may have something to satiate your hunger for a White Xbox One or your favourite colour to don your Xbox One in it and it will not even cost you an arm or a leg to obtain it.
iCarbons is also bringing high quality skins for the Xbox One and they have teased us with a high quality looking carbon skin for the Xbox One and we have to admit it looks absolutely stunning. Recently iCarbons released the skins for PlayStation 4 which were met with a positive response. The PlayStation 4 skins allow you two options to choose from; Solid and Two-tone. Two tone basically allows you to choose from two different colours to skin your console in and the results can surprise you.
iCarbons tweeted that they are planning to launch the skins tomorrow to coincide with the upcoming Black Friday. Keep a close eye at iCarbons to get the skins as soon as they are available. In the meantime check out Xbox One in some different colours.
UPDATE: iCarbons has officially launched the Xbox One skins in Solid and Two Tone choices. Head over to iCarbons to grab your favourite now!
Like it? Love it? Want it? Let us know your choices below in the comments.
Or rather an inkling of seemingly untenable optimism; the plan relies on a rate of housing production higher than anything we have witnessed in a long time. The lauded housing initiative for low- and moderate-income New Yorkers during the Koch administration resulted in the creation and rehabilitation of about 150,000 apartments over a similar time frame, many of them born of renovations to vacant buildings in the Bronx, Harlem and Central Brooklyn that had been lost to the misery and ashes of the 1970s. There is no such analogous derelict housing stock today, which means that much of the building that will happen will be building up.
And here, as with the obvious and Olympian challenges of financing, is where so many complications lie. One of the many commendable aspects of the mayor's plan, which is over 100 pages long, is the interest it extends beyond construction to fostering communities and facilitating economic integration. This means that commercial thoroughfares like Pitkin Avenue in Brooklyn, for example, would presumably no longer exist merely as corridors of poverty retail (a cellphone store next to a fried-chicken chain next to a purveyor of cheap tank tops). Better services would, in theory, bring more moderate-income tenants to historically troubled neighborhoods.
Implicit in this paradigm is the idea that affluent New Yorkers living in well-tended corners of the city would also open themselves up to neighbors who might be less privileged. It was telling that the mayor announced their plan in the gentrified, multimillion-dollar brownstone world of Fort Greene, Brooklyn. At every point along the spectrum, including the high end, the only way to have cheaper housing is to have more of it, an idea that many New Yorkers are happy to embrace until submission to the principles of supply and demand means looking out at a 30-story tower 15 feet away.
Within days of the plan's release, residents in and around One Brooklyn Bridge Park, an expensive condominium complex converted from an old printing plant on the Brooklyn Heights waterfront, drafted a petition objecting to a proposal for a high-rise complex next door, where the city is considering placing middle-income housing alongside luxury properties. The dissenters appeared to see no irony in the fact that they held out the Pierhouse, a low-rise building going up in the north end of the park, where the smallest apartments are selling for $2 million and the larger ones closer to $11 million, as an example of more mindful development.
Any modicum of economic diversity left in TriBeCa, otherwise a temple of hedge-fund wives migrating between 6,000-square-foot lofts and SoulCycle, exists because of the 39-story towers of Independence Plaza North, built as a Mitchell-Lama complex in the 1970s. When the buildings aged out of the program a decade ago, tenants fought and continue to fight to keep some portion of the apartments within the reach of the artists and electricians and teachers and waiteres who live there. The legal battles are an object lesson for the city in the challenges of preserving the affordability of subsidized housing. Over the next 10 years, more than 53,000 rental units, including some in Mitchell-Lama buildings, will risk losing their subsidies and be subject to market rates.
Posted 2016-02-01 14:35:08 GMT
KCL(Kyoto Common Lisp)は、1984年に登場したCommon Lisp処理系です。
名前にKyotoと冠するように日本発の処理系で、湯浅太一先生と萩谷昌己先生の御二方が中心となって作製されました。 この処理系に思い入れのあるユーザーは日本には多いようですが、無償で配布されたため日本の大学等で広く使われたようです。
KCLは後に、テキサス大学オースティン校のBill Schelter氏によってAKCL(Austin Kyoto Common Lisp)としてメンテナンスされ、そこからGNUに引き継がれ、現在GNU Common Lispとして知られています。
派生の処理系は沢山あるのですが、KCL系の処理系でANSI Common Lispに準拠したものとしては、ECLやMKCLがあります。
さて、そんなKCLなのですが、「KCLは世界初のCommon Lisp処理系なんだよ」などという話を良く耳にします。
その他色々尾鰭が付いたりしますが、
たった二人だけで
仕様を読んだけで
世界で始めて
巨大な仕様のCommon Lisp処理系を作成した
世界中の計算機科学者が仰天した
あたりのコンビネーションが大体のようです。
例を挙げると、
1984年にGuy SteeleによってCommon Lisp the Languageが纏められるも、「こんなデカい仕様の言語、一体どこの誰が実装出来るんだ?」と誰もが頭に来ているところに、いきなり日本でKCLが登場したのに世界中の人々はビックリしたらしい。 従って、KCLは世界で殆ど初めて登場したCommon Lisp処理系である。
第六章 応用の「花畑」から 第一景 Kyoto Common Lisp を作ったつわ者たち p223
『しかし、問題はあった。言語の仕様はできていても、実際のコンピュータ上で動く言語処理系としてのCommon Lispはまだ存在していなかった。設計図はあっても「建物」はまだ誰も建てていなかったのである』 正式な仕様も完成していなかった 「仕様書を読んだだけでこんな巨大なシステムを作った!?」。驚く計算機科学者は多かったという。Common Lispの処理系がまだ存在しなかった世界では、二人の「無謀な開発」に仰天したのだ。
のようなものがあります。Wikiのようなライトなものから書籍まで幅広いようですが、以下、伝説を眺めつつ検証してみたいと思います。
たった二人だけで
これはコアな部分は御二方で作製されていたようなので、そんな感じのようです。
1984年のコンピュータソフトウェア1(2)の「KCl: / 湯浅太一、萩谷昌己」という記事によれば、DG(データゼネラル)の矢部輝夫、原田年康、両氏に謝辞があります。
両氏の担当としては、マシンに依存な低レイヤー部分や、エディタ等々の作製で活躍されたようです。
開発チームの最大人数としては4人とも考えられます。
仕様を読んだけで
これは本当です。引用文献で出てきますが、
Common Lisp Reference Manual, Laser Ed., CMU 1982
Common Lisp Reference Manual, Mary Poppins Ed., CMU 1983
の参照のみで作製したようです。
Common Lisp Reference Manualは、正式は出版時には、お馴染のCommon Lisp the Lnaguageとなります。
Mary Poppins Ed. は完成の一歩手前のようです。
正確には、仕様の草稿を元に処理系が作られたということになり、Common Lisp the Languageの発表前に完成している謎はこの辺りに原因があります。
なお、Common Lisp策定グループとは独立して作られた処理系ということで、仕様に記述がない暗黙の規則等々を洗い出すことになりました。
「The Evolution of Lisp」でも、この点が非常に評価されたと回想されています。
世界で初めて/まだ誰も処理系を作っていなかった
これは単純に事実と違います。 上述の御二方のKClの記事でも、
米国ではPERQ上のSpice Lispをはじめ、いくつかのCommon Lispシステムがすでに稼動していると聞くが、我が国ではまだCommon Lispはよく知られていないようである。
と書かれていますが、1982年のLFPでのCommon Lispのお披露目時点で、作成中のCommon Lisp処理系として、
Lisp Machine(Symbolics、LMI、MIT)
Spice Lisp
VAX LISP
NIL
TOPS-20 Common Lisp
S-1 Lisp
が挙げられています。
(前例の無い)巨大な仕様のCommon Lisp処理系を作成した
上記の最初期の処理系のうちCommon Lispの仕様の下敷になったのは、Spice Lispのマニュアルでした。
また、NILは、1979年からMacLISPの後続として開発がスタートしましたが、途中からCommon Lispとなりました。
Common Lispへの重要な影響としては、NILがレキシカルスコープを採用していた為、Common Lispもそれを取り入れることになったようです。
他にLispマシン上のLisp Machine Lispがありますが、これら大別すると3つのMacLISP系方言の共通のサブセット的なものを作ろうというのが、そもそものCommon Lispのスタートです。
共通仕様策定の動機としては、ARPA(DARPA)からLisp系プロジェクトに資金援助をしても良いけれど、それぞれ小さく分散しつつ競合しているような状況で資金援助するのは無駄で嫌なので統一して欲しい、という注文がバックグラウンドにあったようです。
そういう感じのなので、当時の人達の認識としては、Common Lispは新しい機能もあるとはいえMacLISP系の共通のサブセットであり、全く新規の前人未踏の山という認識では全然なかったといえます。
実際LispマシンのLisp Machine Lispの方がCommon Lispより何倍も大きく、NILもCommon Lispよりは大きいです。
こんな感じだからなのか「世界初のCommon Lisp処理系」という点については、そういう判断基準や価値観や興味がなかったらしく、当時の資料を沢山眺めてみても、そのような記述が全然ありません。
世界中の計算機科学者が仰天した
これは当時の熱狂を知るすべがないのですが、現在残る資料を眺めても、これが元ネタか、というようなものはありません。
1984年の6月にCommon Lispの策定グループにKCLのグループがKCLについてメールをしたようなのですが、ここで初めてCommon Lispの策定グループに認知されることになったようです。
最初の報告を受けてFahlman氏は、Spice Lispキットのコードを元に移植したのだろう、と勘違いしていたようですが、策定グループとは全く別個にスクラッチで書かれたと知り賞賛していたようです。
There has been some confusion, partly my fault, about whether the Kyoto University version of Common Lisp is based on our portable Spice Lisp code. I have just received a letter from Taiichi Yuasa of Kyoto University which makes clear that their implemenation is TOTALLY INDEPENDENT of our code. They did receive some early drafts of the manual, papers, and benchmark code from us (by way of Nippon Data General), but they did not receive any Lisp system code from us until several months AFTER their implemenation was finished and running. I just wanted to set the record straight. They apparently got this implementation running from a standing start in five months with a team of four people, with no direct input at all from the Common Lisp designers -- an awesome performance. To further clarify things, Data General has their own implemenation for the Eclipse. This is the one that was demonstrated at AAAI, and it IS based on our code, though the task of porting it to Data General hardware was done with essentially no help from CMU. -- Scott
当時、Common Lispの普及の一環として、Spice Projectでは、Spice Lispのコードのマシン依存の部分を書き換えたり、付け足したりすれば動くようなCommon Lispのキットを配布していたようです。
このキットを利用した処理系としては、上記のVAX LISP、TOPS-20 Common Lisp等々があります。
また、bit Vol.17 No.6 1985: Common Lisp 入門(3)によれば、SymbolicsもCommon Lispのエミュレータを配布していたようで、新しく提案される仕様を検証する上で両者は中核になっていたようです。
こういう背景があるので、これらのキットを利用していないこと、また、Common Lispの策定グループとのやりとりもなく仕様書のみで短期間で実装されたことが賞賛された、という所のようです。
とりあえず、実現できるかも分からない巨大な仕様を初めて動くものとして提示して世界を驚かせた、という感じではないことが分かると思います。
まとめ
KCLの業績は偉大です。
偉大ではありますが、世のKCL伝説は想像が多々混じっているようで、ちょっと誇張しすぎな所もあるかなと思います。
実際に、湯淺/萩谷先生の報告では、そういう誇張は一切ないので後の人々が伝説化してしまったのだろうなと想像しています。
ちなみに、当時のKCLの記録は面白いの読んでみては如何でしょうか。
■
A new version is available, you can now download the game for PC, Mac and Linux… just be sure to keep up to date (the game will remind you :)). The downloads are free, and just for the standard edition for now. You can download them from itch.io or GameJolt.
If you download from itch.io you have the option of contributing some money for development, which you will promptly do.
And as usual, you can play online or download for android
We got word from Desura and we will go live there on May 26 :D, meanwhile we are waiting for word from GoG, and the Steam greenlight campaign has stalled… please share with everybody you can!
As more platforms get supported, releasing the game becomes a very time consuming job. This means it's likely for releases to take a bit longer from now on… next massive release will likely be 2.0
Only iOS remains pending, but I have not forgotten you, my iPhone-loving friends
Changes
Setup nw.js for downloadable versions (Mac, Windows and Linux)
Change aspect ratio to 16:9 for desktop (more space)
Disable scaling interpolation for Chrome and Chromium
Check for current version on initialization
Remove invisible item click sprites to prevent issues
New tileset for lagoon
Add splash screen
Darker bookshelves
This vegan black pepper tofu recipe is everything you ever wanted tofu to be. It's crispy on the outside, light and airy on the inside and smothered in a savory, sweet, fiery black pepper sauce that will have you licking your chopsticks. Tossed with meaty oyster mushrooms and creamy pan-fried eggplant served over rice, this easy tofu recipe is a complete meal on one plate.
This post contains affiliate links which help offset the cost of running this blog without any additional cost to you.
I recently found myself with an accidental overstock of black peppercorns in my pantry. That's what happens when you and your husband make separate trips to the grocery store and don't communicate. Luckily I have the perfect recipe for a good heaping of black pepper.
Now, if you google black pepper tofu, eight of the ten first page results are EXACTLY the same Yotam Ottolenghi recipe. That's super annoying and, although Yotam is a great chef with a lovely vegetarian cookbook , their recipe calls for three different kinds of soy sauce and a whole eleven tablespoons of butter.
Don't get me wrong, I do consider myself something of a soy sauce aficionado and have at least three types of soy sauce in my pantry now, but I'm well aware that most normal people do not.
So this recipe is my attempt at a simple black pepper sauce that most people will be able to make with basic pantry staples. (The butter can take a hike, though; this is a vegan black pepper tofu recipe!)
I also wanted to add a little more textural contrast and beef it up a bit with more vegetables. I rarely eat just a big plate of tofu on rice with nothing else. This orange and ginger glazed tofu has added broccoli, and this sweet and sour tofu has bell peppers and pineapple.
So to this black pepper tofu I added oyster mushrooms and eggplant. They are both delicious in the sauce and their meatiness and creaminess combine nicely with the crispy fried tofu.
This turned out to be one of those dishes that I was lucky to be able to photograph as I was gobbling it right out of the pan as I was preparing it. We took it for lunch and dinner and still wanted more! I just may be one of the most delicious tofu recipes I have ever prepared!
Serves 4 Black Pepper Tofu Vegan black pepper tofu with eggplant and oyster mushrooms is a quick 20-minute dish that's full of sweet, savoury and fiery flavour! 5 minPrep Time 15 minCook Time 20 minTotal Time Save Recipe Print Recipe Ingredients 2 - 4 tablespoons olive oil (as needed)
1 medium eggplant, cubed
200 grams (7 oz) oyster mushrooms
6 tablespoons soy sauce (regular, Chinese-style light soy sauce)
2 ½ tablespoons molasses
½ tablespoon rice vinegar
1 ½ tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon black peppercorns, crushed
½ tablespoon cornstarch mixed with ½ tablespoon cold water
A block (400 g / 14 oz) of extra-firm tofu, drained, pressed and cubed
Cornstarch for coating the tofu
5 small shallots (or 3 big ones), sliced thinly from top to bottom
6 cloves of garlic, grated or pressed
1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
2 long red chili peppers, sliced (get a variety that has a bit of heat but won't burn your face off either)
2 or 3 green onions, sliced into strips
Sesame seeds, for garnish (optional)
Rice, for serving Instructions Heat a large pan over medium heat. Add a couple tablespoons of oil and the eggplant. Fry, stirring occasionally, until the eggplant is browned on all sides and soft and creamy in the middle. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. Raise the heat to medium-high and add the oyster mushrooms. Sautee until browned on both sides and then remove to the plate. While the veggies are frying, mix together the sauce. Combine the soy sauce, molasses, vinegar, sugar, pepper and cornstarch slurry and mix well. Set aside. Put the cubed tofu into a plastic or ziplock bag and add a few tablespoons of cornstarch. Shake the bag to cover the tofu in a thin layer of cornstarch. Add a bit more oil to the pan if necessary then add the tofu. You may need to work in batches if it doesn't all fit. Fry the tofu, flipping from time to time, until golden and crispy on all sides. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. Carefully wipe any cornstarch residue from the pan and add the shallots, garlic, ginger and chili peppers. Stir fry for about 30 seconds or until the ginger and garlic is fragrant and the shallots are soft. Add the tofu, mushrooms and eggplant. Give the sauce another stir and pour it over. Mix everything together and simmer the sauce until thickened – about 30 seconds to a minute. Remove the pan from the heat and stir through the sliced green onion. Serve over rice and sprinkle with sesame seeds, if desired. 7.8.1.2 289 https://www.cilantroandcitronella.com/black-pepper-tofu/
For more information about the Bedford Hours, please see our post for January 2016; for more on medieval calendars in general, our original calendar post is an excellent guide.
Calendar page for February from the Bedford Hours, France (Paris), c. 1410-1430, Add MS 18850, f. 2r
The calendar pages for February are just as lavishly decorated as those for January, filled with coloured initials and gold foliage. At the bottom of the first folio is a miniature of another pleasant winter labour, that of warming oneself before a fire. The gentleman in this scene has just removed one of their boots and is extending their foot towards a roaring fire, presumably after coming in from the cold.
Detail of the miniatures for warming oneself and the zodiac sign Pisces, from the calendar page for February, Add MS 18850, f. 2r
Alongside is a miniature of two fish connected by a single line, hovering above an ocean and below a star-studded sky – this for the zodiac sign, Pisces.
Detail of a marginal roundel with Februa and flowers, from the calendar page for February, Add MS 18850, f. 2r
Above in a roundel is an elegantly-dressed lady in a red dress trimmed with ermine; they are holding a bunch of flowers close to their face. This unusual scene is explained by the rubrics at the bottom of the folio, which describe how this month is named after a woman called ‘Februa', who ‘according to the poets' was the mother of Mars, the god of war. Rather unusually, they are said to have conceived their son by ‘kissing and adoring a flower'.
Calendar page for February, Add MS 18850, f. 2v
The remaining saints' days are laid out in the following folio, with a bit of space left blank because of the shortness of the month. The roundels once again illustrate the bottom verses, which describe a procession around the city and the annual February Festival of Fools.
Detail of a marginal roundel of a city procession and the Festival of Fools, from the calendar page for February, Add MS 18850, f. 2v
- Sarah J Biggs
The Red Cross in the Liege province of Belgium, near the border with the Netherlands and Germany, has ordered all 28 of its facilities to remove all Christian crosses and crucifixes on its walls in order to appear religiously neutral, according to the Belgian news outlet 7Sur7, and which was also covered and translated by Breitbart News in London.
Andre Rouffart, president of the Red Cross house in Verviers, in the Liege province, said an email was sent to the 28 Red Cross houses in Liege instructing the facilities “to respect the principles of the Red Cross, which is to say no distinction given to religion or race.”
The Red Cross organization is “neutral,” in that, as a humanitarian aid group it does not take sides in hostilities “or engage at any time in controversies of a political, racial, religious or ideological nature,” states its website. Its symbol, the red cross on a white background, is the inverse of the Swiss flag (white on red), which traces its origins back to the time of Christendom and the Christian Emperor Charlemagne.
The situation in Liege, however, concerns crucifixes or Christian crosses hanging on the walls inside of Red Cross buildings.
According to 7Sur7, some Red Cross volunteers did complain about the email directive. One volunteer said, “Let things remain as they are. We used to say ‘Christmas holidays,' now it's ‘winter holidays.' The Christmas market in Brussels has become the ‘Winter Pleasures.'”
Read more
Surveillance Tech Company Sues US Government For Patent Infringement
from the cornering-the-intrusion-market dept
Here's an interesting angle for attacking the surveillance state. Use patents.
[A] small business that designs, installs and services digital video surveillance systems, 3rd Eye Surveillance, [has] sued the United States federal government for alleged patent infringement. The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, seeking damages exceeding $1 billion for unlawful use of the company's three video and image surveillance system patents – U.S. Patent Nos. 6,778,085, 6,798,344, and 7,323,980. The surveillance system patents are owned by Discovery Patents, LLC of Baltimore Maryland, who is also a Plaintiff in the case, and exclusively licensed by 3rd Eye Surveillance.
This trio of patents, which have been successfully used against more than 10 municipalities and private businesses, allows for the provision of real-time surveillance video, audio recognition, facial recognition and infrared images to emergency responders and defense agencies.
The Defendant is the United States of America, acting through its various agencies, including by way of example, and not limitation, the Department of Justice, the Department Of Homeland Security, USSTRATCOM, the Department of Defense, the United States Customs and Border Protection, the United States Army, the United States Navy, and the Defense Logistics Agency.
Despite its Plano, Texas headquarters, 3rd Eye Surveillance appears to actually sell goods and services, rather than just litigate from an empty office bearing nothing more than the company name plate. Patent holder James Otis Faulkner pushed these patents through in the wake of the 9/11 attacks in order to give citizens and law enforcement better, faster connections to real-time surveillance footage.In addition to contract work and direct sales, 3rd Eye also makes a bit of money litigating.3rd Eye is claiming the US government's wide-ranging "exploitation" of its unlicensed patents is worth $1 billion. The suit names several agencies directly, while holding the option to name others as needed.Basically, any agency deploying a surveillance system that can be monitored and/or utilizing voice/facial recognition software is a potential target. $1 billion seems to be the floor for damages. In addition to the government agencies named, the suit also alleges indirect infringement by private corporations through their contracts with the government. The list includes government contracting heavyweights Motorola and Booz Allen Hamilton, along with a few others -- again, just "by example" and "not limited" to those listed in the lawsuit.Of course, this won't be shutting down any existing government surveillance systems. It may result in a payout for 3rd Eye, but the suit doesn't seek an injunction halting the use of the allegedly infringing tech while the court sorts it out. Possibly this is due to the patent owner's respect for a healthy surveillance state or, more likely, that an injunction encompassing multiple government agencies would never be granted, especially when it affects "public interest" hotspots like counterterrorism and law enforcement.The government hasn't filed a response at this point, so the patents it claims to use in its surveillance gear have yet to be discussed. If this suit survives a motion for dismissal or isn't immediately settled, things could get interesting if the government is forced to discuss the specifics of its surveillance tech. Of course, "interesting" may be in theory only. If the discussion runs deep enough or lasts long enough, this lawsuit will soon be littered with sealed documents, ex parte presentations to the presiding judge and black ink all over the place.
Filed Under: patents, surveillance
Companies: 3rd eye surveillance
Football too often denies us the truly epic tie, the meeting of the two great sides of the age, and it's perhaps that more than anything else that makes Tuesday night's Champions League semi-final between Bayern Munich and Barcelona so enticing.
This has the sense of an era-defining encounter: Barcelona, who have dominated Europe for the past half-decade (it's a remarkable fact that, even in their sixth successive semi-final, it still feels as though they have not quite achieved what they might have done in the Champions League) and Bavaria, who could be the dominant force of the years to come: Pep past against Pep future in a Pep-less present that could mark the transition from one generation to the next. Or could, conceivably, were Barcelona to win convincingly, assert Barça's hegemony and perhaps even the growth of a new dynasty under Tito Vilanova.
Yet amid the talk of historical sweeps – justified to an extent by the fact that Barça and Bayern are this season's champions – there is the awareness that the champions of last year in either Spain or Germany will await in the final. Neither Real Madrid nor Borussia Dortmund – one about to change their manager, the other lacking the financial muscle – look likely to embark on a dynasty, but either is a realistic and would-be worthy champion.
As Miguel Delaney has pointed out, games in which a power just past its peak meets a new power on the rise have been remarkably infrequent – in part because Barça are the first side to command their era since the Juventus of the mid-90s (although the changing format and increased competition meant neither side reeled off hat-tricks of titles like the great sides of the past and their domination was reflected as much in their reputation and influence as in trophies). They suggest there have only been three previous examples, of which the most relevant seems the game between Ajax and Bayern Munich in 1972-73, a tie won 5-2 on aggregate by Ajax after a crushing 4-0 victory in the first leg in Amsterdam.
Ajax, on their way to a third successive European Cup, were probably just past their peak, internal divisions beginning to emerge after the iron grip of Rinus Michels had been released. Bayern then perhaps weren't such a mature side as Bayern now, but West German football was unquestionably on the rise, as had been shown by the national side's breath-taking success in the European Championship in 1972. Then, as now, the clash was between slightly differing variants of Total Football. There was the Dutch school, all hard-pressing, high offside line and interchanging of positions, and the German school, which didn't push up to play offside and, which, while still essentially about the creation of space through intermovement, was perhaps slightly more rooted in physicality.
And that's where the strands begin to intertwine. The Dutch school was transplanted, first by Michels and then by Johan Cruyff, to Barcelona. The German school was practised as much by Borussia Mönchengladbach as by Bayern, and it was there that Jupp Heynckes, the present Bayern coach, learned the game. The tactical make-up of both the modern Bayern and the modern Barça was established by Louis van Gaal, whose first experience as a coach had been at Ajax.
Pep Guardiola credits Van Gaal even more than Cruyff as the man who influenced their thinking on how the game should be played and at Bayern they will, as they did at Barça (via Raddy Antic's brief caretaker stint) inherit a side from somebody who succeeded Van Gaal. So the basic styles of the two teams are similar, something borne out by the statistics. Across Europe's top five leagues this season nobody has achieved a higher percentage of possession than Barcelona with 69.6%; Bayern lie second in the table with 63.6%. Barcelona has a higher pass completion rate than anybody else (89.7%); Bavaria are second (87.4%).
But for all the similarities, there are subtle differences. Most obviously, there is the shape. While Barcelona plays a 4-3-3 with Lionel Messi operating as a false nine (he could, conceivably, operate behind David Villa as a more orthodox centre-forward, with the right flank vacant but for the surges of Dani Alves, as they did against Milan, but it seems improbable on Tuesday night), Bayern prefers a 4–2–3–1, a difference that plays out in the centre of midfield, where Bayern will have two holding players and one advanced central midfielder and Barça one holder flanked by two more creative players.
That effectively means the shapes will match up, Sergio Busquets picking up Thomas Müller with Xavi and Andrés Iniesta facing Bastian Schweinsteiger and either Luis Gustavo or Javi Martínez. In itself, that's unlikely to favour one side or the other: three central midfielders all doing the jobs they naturally do, although Xavi must be wary of Schweinsteiger's forward surges.
What could complicate things for Bavaria is Messi dropping deep. Does one of the centre-backs follow him, potentially creating a gap for a wide player – Villa and Pedro, presumably – to dart inside? That is a particular danger given how attacking both Philipp Lahm and David Alaba are; an advanced position would make it all the harder to shuffle in and form a de facto back three. But if the centre-backs stay where they are, Messi creates a three on two in Barça's favour at the back of the Bavaria midfield. Which is, of course, why for a team as good in possession as Barça and not looking for a long outlet ball from the back, a false nine is such a dangerous proposition.
That's where Barça may have an advantage. Where Bavaria has a clear edge is in set-plays. No side in any of the top five leagues in Europe wins as few aerial duels per game as Barcelona (9.7 – Wigan are second with 10.4). In part that's because they control the ball sufficiently that opponents have limited opportunities to launch high passes at them, but it's also because of a natural disinclination based on being short. Bayern is 30th in that list, winning 14.9 aerial duels per game. It's a problem exacerbated by the absence of Carles Puyol and, with Adriano suspended, Marc Bartra, who has made only 21 appearances for Barcelona in total, is likely to play. Bayern is a bigger team and must think corners and free-kicks offer a great opportunity.
It's important, though, not to be drawn into the cliche of physical Germans against technical Spaniards, even if Bavaria do have a slight physical edge. What will be fascinating is seeing not only the two best possession teams in Europe facing off, but also the two best pressing sides. Barcelona's players will never have been placed under such co-ordinated pressure on the ball as they are likely to be on Tuesday – and vice-versa. It's in the pressing as much as in their goals that Mario Mandzukic, suspended for the first leg, will be missed. "His stamina is endless," said Felix Magath. "I think they could play two back-to-back high-tempo games." Much as Samuel Eto'o used to do for Barça, Mandzukic leads the press for Bavaria; whether Mario Gomez has the energy – or indeed the intelligence – to do that is doubtful.
But these are the details. They may determine how the tie plays out but what will be remembered is the outcome, whether the age of Barça has yet become the age of Bayern.
It's been four years since Microsoft introduced its first Surface tablet and at least two since they coined the term "lapability," which is another way of saying, "This device is really comfortable on your lap."
SEE ALSO: Leak suggests Samsung is going after the Surface Pro with an impressive tablet PC
In that time, Windows system manufacturers have slowly but surely adopted Microsoft's strategy of stuffing full-blown Windows PCs into tablets that can marry with keyboards and turn into lap-friendly ultra-portable devices. In general, Microsoft's designs for the Surface Pro 3 and 4 have been the range's apex, and most partners have offered only pale imitations.
There are, increasingly, exceptions.
From the front, this looks just like a Windows 10 laptop. Image: HP
The new HP Pro x2 612 G2, which HP unveiled on Sunday at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, takes that Surface Pro design language and deftly adjusts it for the millennial business set.
"There's a new idea of life where you intermingle personal and professional together," said HP Vice President of Product Management for Mobility, Carol Hess. Millennials will make up 75 percent of the workforce by 2021, Hess said, and they demand the kind of flexibility provided by "detachable" products like the G2.
The last edition of the HP Pro x2 also featured a detachable screen, but lacked elegance and, yes, "lapability."
For this new device, HP trimmed the weight and thickness by 25 percent (it weighs 1.87 lbs. with keyboard), and added a kickstand that can fold back to give users an up to 165-degree screen angle.
The full-sized keyboard, which includes a track pad and mouse buttons, connects magnetically (it even has the Surface Type Cover keyboard-style magnets and fold that bring it closer to the screen and put it at a more typing-friendly angle) and has a smooth back for easy cleaning. It also has custom collaboration buttons, including one that will let you present to other screens by pressing the "Present" button.
But the HP Pro x2 612 G2 is actually a Windows 10 tablet. Image: hp
The 12-inch full-HD display is covered in Gorilla Glass 4 and backed by Intel Integrated graphics. Running Windows 10, the HP Pro x2 612 G2 also comes with a Wacom Active Pen that will let you touch the screen and draw on it at the same time. If you're wondering where you'll put that pen when you're not using it, HP chose not to go the magnetic route and instead created a keyboard with a pen loop attached. While this solution looks like the loop we used to attach our Surface Pens to the first Surface Type Cover keyboards (and that eventually fell off), this one is permanently attached to the G2 keyboard.
The display will also feature two cameras: a 5 MP of the front and 8 MP on the rear; both can shoot 1080p video.
Who doesn't love a kickstand? Image: hp
The system will also support Windows Hello login security via a fingerprint reader. And for the business crowd, it includes TPM and NFC for secure payments, a smartcard reader and even a removable SSD drive (a true rarity for these detachable systems).
HP is also promising the system has up to 11 hours of battery life. Our guess is that rating is for streaming video. Your mileage may vary if you run multiple applications and browse the web.
The ultraportable device will use USB-C for power and data and also includes a USB-3 port, a micro SD card slot and SIM slot for LTE connectivity.
The HP Pro x2 612 G2 starts at $979 (including the keyboard and pen) with an Intel Core M 4GB of RAM and a 128GB SSD. There will also be Pentium and Core i5 and Core i7 options (both 7th generation). It's on sale now.
Hi everyone! Suwabe (@gsc_suwabe) from the Corporate Planning Division here! Even though I don't really intend to, I'm often told I have a smug look on my face…
But anyway, today I'm going to be taking a look at…
▲ As they have a throne and plushies, I decided to display them on various different chairs and with various other plushies!
The 1/8th Scale…
Yotsugi Ononoki DX!
From the Monogatari Series final season ‘Tsukimonogatari' comes a 1/8th scale figure of the tsukumogami created from a corpse, Yotsugi Ononoki! The figure is based on the cover illustration of the ‘Tsukimonogatari Volume 1 / Yotsugi Doll (Part 1)' Blu-ray & DVD. Yotsugi's cute appearance sitting on a large throne has been faithfully recreated, complete with throne and all! The DX version also includes all the plushie dolls scattered around the bottom of the throne to completely recreate the original illustration! The most intricate of details have all been faithfully converted into figure form for fans to enjoy in their collection!
The silent yet sharp-tongued Ononoki-chan as a 1/8th scale figure! Everything that makes their character has been preserved so well in the figure! The strange thingy on their head, the unique color of their bluish-greenish hair, somewhat expressionless face, eyes with such a lovely gradient, bright orange outfit that is sure to catch the eye, striped knee-high socks and even those yellow wellingtons! Every detail from head to toe has been faithfully recreated!
Plus as if Ononoki wasn't cute enough by herself, the huge throne and all the little plushie dolls at their feet just add so much to the figure! The contrast between Ononoki-chan's rather stiff expression and the cute, fluffy faces on the plushies is such a treat to the eyes! Not to mention the lovely mix of colors between the back of the throne, Ononoki's outfit and the various plushies!
I'm sure there are many fans who already got a nice look at the painted prototype that was on display during WonFes, but now they are almost ready for preorders to start! ( ` ∀` )
I've covered most of my highlights on the figure with the rather long text above, so now we're going to go into photo mode! I hope everyone enjoys!
▼ Let's first take a look from different angles!
▼ Whether you look from the right…
▼ Or from the left…
They always look so adorable!! ( ;∀;) Looking at, taking photos of and talking about amazing figures like this one is always such a pleasure! (*´ω`*)
While I was taking the photos I talked to so many people that passed by about how cute they are! (*´ω`*) I still remember when Ononoki-chan first appeared in the anime (I was still in college at the time!), I had a good, uplifting feeling about them that I could never really explain! To think that they would then come out as this lovely figure for me to review… I think my initial feeling about them was a premonition of this figure coming! Just look at how great they look! Before I took photos I tried to figure out where to focus on to show more of the details of the figure, and this is one of the areas that really stood out for me… ▼ The origami in their right hand!
One single folded origami crane lying in the hand of a listless arm. The crane was of course always in the original illustration, but somehow seeing it sculpted into the 3D world really makes it stand out in a special new way! It's hard to explain exactly why, but it really looks lovely!
▼ Plushie Paradise at their feet!
– Crab –
▲ A two-shot of the crab and star is so cute! Also note the intricate paintwork of the shadows on the throne!
– Snail –
– Monkey –
▲ It looks like they are looking up to the heavens! So cute!!
– Snake –
– Cat –
– Bee –
▲ Even on the back there is such lovely attention to detail! (`・ω・´)
Personally I love the amount of detail that has been put into the various plushies, but for those who think they will take up too much space or perhaps be a little too much over budget, we are also going to be selling a simple version without all the plushies!
Yotsugi Ononoki
From the Monogatari Series final season ‘Tsukimonogatari' comes a 1/8th scale figure of the tsukumogami created from a corpse, Yotsugi Ononoki! The figure is based on the cover illustration of the ‘Tsukimonogatari Volume 1 / Yotsugi Doll (Part 1)' Blu-ray & DVD. Yotsugi's cute appearance sitting on a large throne has been faithfully recreated, complete with throne and all!
Ononoki-chan's cuteness is exactly the same as the DX version! That said, I would still recommend going for the complete DX version for the complete experience!!
I recommend it with a posed look!!
You won't regret it!
Yotsugi Ononoki DX
They will be up for preorder after the Obon vacation from the 18th August 2016 !
On that note, also note that Good Smile Company Customer Support as well as GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP support will be closed from tomorrow until Tuesday next week due to the Obon holiday! You can find out more here: http://www.goodsmile.info/en/post/4370/
The blog will also be on break until Wednesday, so I'll see you all again next week sometime!!
Suwabe / twitterID：＠gsc_suwabe
English Updates: @gsc_kevin
Share. Glen Powell and Jono Matt in talks to pen the script. Glen Powell and Jono Matt in talks to pen the script.
Leonardo DiCaprio's film production company Appian Way is partnering with Paramount to produce the long-awaited film adaptation of Captain Planet.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Jono Matt and Glen Powell are currently in talks to write the script. The studio is reportedly in negotiations to acquire the film rights, and should the deal go through, DiCapprio will produce alongside Powell. Whether or not Powell, who starred in the FOX show Scream Queens, will also have a role in the movie has yet to be revealed.
A live-action film based on the classic 90s cartoon was initially in development at Sony, but the project never moved forward.
The original television series, Captain Planet and the Planeteers, is an environmentally conscious show that tells the story of five kids from different areas of the world who are each given a magical ring that grants them the ability to control a specific element. When all five join forces, they can summon an environmental superhero named Captain Planet.
Reports claim the film will be set several years after the TV show, at which point Captain Planet is a "washed up has-been" who needs the kids to pull them out of the slump they now find themselves in.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter and subscribe to their video content on YouTube.
Stuntman Stu, truly, has already won.
By all accounts, he's built an admirable life for himself, been blessed with a good family, a high-profile radio career and, of their charitable work, one can only stand in awe and be thankful they made Ottawa a better place.
So, whatever happens with the new-found leukemia, he's not “winning” or “losing” a battle against a disease. We can retweet #BeatLeukemia until our keys bleed — Stu Schwartz has already won their life; by being engaged, they beat complacency.
This is not to say anything original. The language around cancer has long been debated, with much of the literature pointing to Susan Sontag's 1978 effort, Illness As Metaphor, which centred on the meanings attached to cancer and tuberculosis through the ages.
With cancer in particular, the battle metaphors are plentiful: fight, beat, survive, bombard, invade, as though treatment of a disease were a war or, worse, a high-stakes game. (Hockey Fights Cancer, Cancer Can Be Beaten, #F— Cancer, Cancer Champions — the variations abound.)
The problem with the “win-lose” framing of cancer, of course, is that it suggests the patient can — by sheer force of will, with enough support — heal themselves, while a setback in treatment is, logically, a kind of failure.
Here is an excerpt from a powerful piece published in the U.K. newspaper the Guardian in 2014, from a health care worker named Kate Granger, who is being treated for terminal cancer.
” ‘She lost their brave fight.' If anyone mutters those words after my death, wherever I am, I will curse them.
“I would like to be remembered for the positive impact I have made on the world, for fun times and for my relationships with others, not as a loser. When I do die, I will have defied the prognosis for my type of cancer and achieved a great deal with my life. I do not want to feel a failure about something beyond my control. I refuse to believe my death will be because I didn't battle hard enough.”
Wow. Does that not say it all?
Anne Pitman, a former cancer coach, is a yoga therapist with the Ottawa Integrative Cancer Centre. They have spoken to hundreds of people facing the disease — and they like “facing” as opposed to “fighting.”
Sometimes, they will refer to patients “wrestling” the illness.
“I have to be very careful with my wording. I would describe someone as facing cancer. I like that because there's something about turning towards it that I think is really useful, so we are not just in the victim and hero metaphor.”
We treat cancer unlike other diseases because, however weakly, the spectre of death overhangs it. And death is not a cosy conversation, so we avoid it.
“When you have a cancer diagnosis, the veil is lifted off the illusion that we're here forever. But that is something that can be worked with.”
The other force at work with cancer patients is society's need to emphasize the positive, even if the patient feels wretched, or depressed, or defeated.
“This constant need to put a positive light on everything is also cultural, right? And it's exhausting for people.”
Patients shouldn't paper over the “big fear” with a fake positive attitude, they say. “Fear is like a screaming child beside you. But if you turn toward it and say, ‘what? what?', it will often stop.”
It should not be a case of cancer patients being either victims or heroes, but somewhere in the wide swath in between, they explained. To be authentic — not relentlessly positive — is probably the better direction, they added.
“What we don't want is people to collapse into nothingness, into victimness. Some people choose to fight, some people choose to walk beside it.”
(All of which is to say the main Schwartz twitter hashtag, #StuStrong, is probably the most apt.)
In the Ontario legislature Tuesday, just after 3 p.m., Nepean-Carleton MPP Lisa MacLeod rose to pay tribute to the radio man, also the Ottawa Senators public address announcer. They credited Schwartz for their work in an anti-bullying campaign.
“On behalf of all their friends, fans and neighbours in Nepean-Carleton and throughout the rest of Ottawa, I want them to know we are all part of #StuStrong and they will beat this (cancer) with us by their side.”
There was a smattering of applause. It is no fair fight anyway: the good man has already won.
To contact Kelly Egan, please call 613-726-5896 or email kegan@postmedia.com.
Twitter.com/kellyegancolumn
NEW DELHI: Consumer electronics maker Panasonic will launch its first smartphone marking its re-entry into the Rs 31,000-crore Indian handset market after being absent for more than half a decade.
The Japanese company is learnt to have partnered with Delhi-based Jaina Group for marketing, distribution and customer support of its smartphones in India, people aware of the deal told ET. Panasonic did not comment on the partnership but these people added that Jaina Group will also advise the electronics maker to create a smartphone portfolio that will be suitable for the Indian market.
Jaina Group is one of the two parent companies that owns local handset maker Karbonn Mobiles and is likely to use its experience in local mobile phone market to aide Panasonic that will get its handsets made from original design manufacturers (ODMs) overseas. This unique model for the Indian market could be a test bed for Panasonic that may look to replicate it in other emerging markets if sales of its smartphones take off here.
Panasonic intends to take on the likes of Samsung and Apple, who together make up for more than half of smartphone sales in India. Television commercials show Panasonic's smartphone with a 5-inch HD LCD screen and a 1.2 Ghz quadcore processor besides an 8-megapixel rear camera. The Android phone is expected to cost anywhere between Rs 28,000 and Rs 30,000.
Don't Miss 2.7 K SHARES 996 SHARES 7.2 K SHARES
Panasonic sells Android smartphones in its home market of Japan and has increased its focus on smart devices since last year. "Reflecting a drastic shift towards smartphones, the featurephone market has contracted substantially. Looking ahead, Panasonic will increasingly channel management resources into the smartphone field in an effort to expand its market share," the company said in its annual report for the year ended March 2012.
The company holds around one fourth of the overall handset market in Japan but has been facing sluggish sales. Panasonic attempted to cash in on the global smartphone growth and introduced smartphones in Europe but met with little success.
Share 64 Pin 460 Shares
By David Pendered
Atlanta is moving forward with a $1 million environmental analysis of a proposed route of the Atlanta Streetcar that would run 2.5 miles from Centennial Olympic Park west to the Atlanta BeltLine's Westside Trail.
The proposed route is projected to spark economic development and provide an alternate mode of transportation, according to a fact sheet provided by Invest Atlanta, the city's development arm.
The route is part of a $3.7 billion BeltLine/Streetcar expansion plan that that was outlined in June 2015 on the BeltLine's website. The costs have since been deleted from the webpage.
This segment is forecast to create 1,800 construction jobs. Once the segment is completed, it is to spur creation of 2,000 permanent jobs, according to the fact sheet.
Atlanta doesn't have money to build the project. However, by completing an environmental assessment, Atlanta will position the project to be eligible for, “major federal funding opportunities,” according to the fact sheet.
The analysis is to begin this month and be complete in December.
Atlanta didn't have a project to apply for in this year's federal Tiger discretionary grant, which had a deadline of April 29. This year, $500 million was made available for projects. The criteria sound like a perfect fit for the streetcar:
“The 2016 TIGER grant program will focus on capital projects that generate economic development and improve access to reliable, safe and affordable transportation for communities, both urban and rural.”
Last year, Atlanta applied for a $29.3 million grant to extend the streetcar east to the Irwin Street entrance to the BeltLine. Total cost of the 1.8 mile segment was forecast at $65.4 million. Atlanta did not win a grant.
Terms for the current environmental assessment call for this work to be done via an extension of an existing contract for environmental assessment of the existing streetcar route.
Atlanta, in consultation with the regional office of the Federal Transit Administration, reached a mutual agreement that this is, “a cost effective and logical approach,” according to the fact sheet.
The city is to provide $650,000 from the Westside Tax Allocation District, according to the resolution approved by the Invest Atlanta board. The TAD is funded with property taxes collected on developments built since the creation of the Westside TAD in 1998.
The money is to pay for consultant design engineering to support environmental documentation.
The board that oversees Invest Atlanta approved the spending at its April 21 meeting. Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed chairs the board.
The Atlanta Regional Commission is to provide $365,625 to pay consultants for federal planning and environmental documentation.
Once this environmental analysis is complete, Atlanta will have the documentation necessary to seeking funding for a streetcar route that would cover 7 miles in Downtown Atlanta and adjoining neighborhoods:
The streetcar that was built with federal funding extends 2.7 miles, from Centennial Olympic Park to the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historic Site. Atlanta received a Tiger grant in the amount of $47 million to help pay for the $98 million project.
The 1.8-mile Irwin Street extension was forecast to cost $65.4 million. Atlanta didn't win a $29.3 million grant that was to help offset costs.
India have become the first nation to win the hockey junior World Cup at home. At the Major Dhyan Chand Stadium on Sunday night, India beat Belgium 2-1 to win their second world title after 15 years. Catch highlights of India vs Belgium here.
Indian team captain Harjeet Singh with the junior World Cup hockey trophy. ( Hockey India )
19:27 IST: Skipper Harjeet says India had been waiting for this day for last two years and preparing hard for this day
19:23 IST: India are world champions. And they deserved to win the title. India won their first title in 2001 in Hobart, Australia. In 1997, India won silver after losing to Australia in the final in Milton Keynes, England.
19:21 IST: Belgium win a PC in the dying seconds of the match. Score to make it 1-2.
19:17 IST: India are three minutes away from the world title. Belgium trying hard but lack the design to score. India keep their 2-0 lead.
19:15: India are five minutes away from their second hockey junior World Cup title.
Indian (blue) and Belgium players in action during the hockey junior World Cup final match in Lucknow on Sunday. ( PTI )
19:10 IST: India win their fifth but Belgium goalkeeper rushes out in time to save the drag flick. India keep their 2-0 lead. Nine minutes on the clock left.
19:09 IST: 57th minute - Good defending by Belgium as they thwart Mandeep Singh on top of the Dee. But India wins their fourth PC.
Top shots from the Indian Colts scintillating display to beat Belgium & win GOLD at the #HJWC2016 on 18 Dec. Album: https://t.co/GGgS0tLXVj pic.twitter.com/brgNSCPyhG — Hockey India (@TheHockeyIndia) December 18, 2016
19:07 IST: Close shave for Indian goal in the 53rd minute as Belgium forward Ponchelet's attempt to deflect in a cross is cleared easily.
19:05 IST: Fifteen minutes left on the clock and if India can win this one, they will the hockey junior World Cup title after 15 years. India is in control and lead 2-0.
18: 59 IST: India waste their third penalty corner of the match in the 48th minute. Sloppy trapping and wild shots have not helped. This time it was a crazy shot from Nilakanta.
18:53 IST: 41 minutes have gone and India, who have the control, are happy to keep their 2-0 lead. Belgium finding it difficult to push the Indians.
18:49 IST: In the 38th minute, Belgium launch first attack of second half but India defend well.
18:48 IST: Teams back for second half. The huge crowd enjoying their first taste of international hockey. India have not disappointed them so far. The final session gets under way. India playing left to right.
18:35 IST: India goes to half-time with a 2-0 lead. Gurjant Singh and Simranjeet Singh have scored for the hosts. If India can win this title, they will be the second team after Germany to win it more than once.
18:30 IST: First penalty corner to Belgium in the 30th minute. The Indian goal survives. India lead 2-0. India is the first host nation to reach a hockey junior World Cup final.
18:28 IST: In the 25th min, Belgium try again but could not get into range again. Indian defence very steady and swiftly tackle Hilippe Simar. India lead 2-0 with 7 minutes left for half-time.
18:23 IST: India score in the 22nd minute. Set up by Nilakanta Sharma, Simranjeet Singh scores a field goal to double India's lead in the hockey Junior World Cup final. What a start this has been for the Indians. The hosts are playing their third final.
18:22 IST: In the 21st minute, another attack by Belgium but India defend well again, did not allow forwards space to take a shot at the goal.
18:19 IST: 18th minute - Belgium attack but India defend well. Tirkey clears the ball to safety. India have conceded seven goals in this tournament while Belgium have four.
18:17 IST: 13th min: Belgium attack but could not enter the D. India's counter, cross by Sumit but no one to trap it. India lead 1-0 in the first half.
18:15 IST: 15th min: Parvinder sends the ball into D but two forwards fail to deflect it in.
18:08 IST: India takes the lead through Gurjant Singh. India 1-0 up in the 8th minute. This is their second goal of the hockey junior World Cup. It was a scoop by Sumit, Gurjant trapped it well and sent the ball into the goal with a rasping drive.
18:06 IST: 5th minute of first quarter, India earn another PC. Wasted again. India are really attacking hard and the crowd is just jubilant. 0-0
18:04 IST: In the third minute, India earn their first PC but it goes waste due to poor trapping by Harmanpreet. Early nerves? You can see live streaming of the India vs belgium hockey junior World Cup final here.
18:01 IST: Mandeep Singh pushes back the ball to Harjeet Singh as India start off well. Belgium gets the first attack but India defend well. 0-0 in the opening quarter after two minutes.
17:58 IST: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and FIH and Hockey India president Narinder Batara meet and greet the two teams. The real action is just going to start. Belgium playing left to right.
17:52 IST: Meanwhile, KL Rahul missed their maiden double century in the Chennai Test. India have done well on Day 3.
17:51 IST: Here are the starting XIs:
India: Vikas Dahiya (GK); Harmanpreet Singh, Varun Kumar, Dipsan Tirkey, Parvinder Singh, Arman Qureshi, Mandeep Singh, Sumit, Harjeet Singh, Gurinder Singh, Nilakanta Sharma.
Belgium: Loic Van Doren, Arthur De Sloover, Victor Wegnez, Antoine Kina, Philippe Dimar, Nicolas Poncelet, Robbert Rubuns, Thomas Verheijen, Martin Lambeau, Henri Taes, Quentin Van Lierde.
17:47 IST: It's full house as all 15,000 seats are full and even fans are standing even though a special arrangement of additional 850 seats in the VVIP and VIP enclosures were made just before the final game. Teams are warming up. The atmosphere is just electrifying.
17:43 IST: Welcome to our hockey junior World Cup live blog. Germany have won the bronze. They beat Australia 3-0 after leading 1-0 at half-time. Next up it's India vs Belgium.
India will be the team to beat after they outwitted Australia in a cliff-hanger of a semifinal.
Nearly 7000 fans were in treated to an absolutely thrilling contest during the India versus Australia match.
Belgium players celebrate a goal against Egypt during the hockey junior World Cup in Lucknow. ( HT photo )
Tom Craig put Australia ahead in the first half, but Gurjant Singh pulled India level with a stunning run and backhand finish in the 48th minute before Mandeep Singh's superb steal and shot put the hosts into a 2-1 lead.
Lachlan Sharp made it 2-2 in the 57th minute, which proved to be the final goal of the game. Much to the delight of the home fans, India scored all four of their efforts in the shoot-out with Matthew Bird and Lachlan Sharp proving unsuccessful as India reached their first hockey Junior World Cup final since winning the competition in 2001 in Hobart.
Goalkeeper Loic van Doren was the hero in the shoot-out as Belgium ended Germany's hopes of winning a third successive title, following their triumphs in 2009 and 2013. This is Belgium's first hockey junior World Cup final.
First Published: Dec 18, 2016 17:12 IST
Agriculture in Cuba has played an important part in the economy for several hundred years. Today, it contributes less than 10% to the gross domestic product (GDP), but it employs about 20% of the working population. About 30% of the country's land is used for crop cultivation.[1]
The inefficient agricultural industry in Cuba has led to the need to import large amounts of beef and lard.[citation needed][2] Cuba now imports about 70–80% of all the food its people consume[3] and 80–84% of the food it provides via the rations to the public.[2] The rationing program accounts for about a third of the food energy the average Cuban consumes.[4] However these affirmations are contested.[5]
History [ edit ]
Cuba's agricultural history can be divided into five periods, reflecting Cuban history in general:
Precolonial (before 1492)
Spanish colonial (1492–1902)
Cuban Republic (1902–1958)
Castro's Cuba, pre-Soviet bloc collapse (1959–1992)
Castro's Cuba, post-Soviet bloc collapse (1993–present)
During each of these periods, agriculture in Cuba has confronted many and unique obstacles.
Before the revolution 1959, the agricultural sector in Cuba was largely oriented towards and dominated by the US economy. After the Cuban Revolution, the revolutionary government nationalised farmland, and the Soviet Union supported Cuban agriculture by paying premium prices for Cuba's main agricultural product, sugarcane, and by delivering fertilizers. Sugar was bought by the Soviets at more than five times the market price. 95% of its citrus crop was exported to the COMECON. On the other hand, the Soviets provided Cuba with 63% of its food imports and 90% of its petrol.[6]
After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, the Cuban agricultural sector faced a very difficult period. Cuba had to rely on sustainable farming methods. Agricultural production fell by 54% between 1989 and 1994.[7] The government aimed to strengthen agricultural biodiversity by making a greater range of varieties of seed available to farmers.[8] In the 1990s, the government prioritized food production and put focus on small farmers.[6] Already in 1994, the government allowed farmers to sell their surplus product directly to the population. This was the first move to lift the state's monopoly on food distribution.[9] Due to the shortage in artificial fertilizers and pesticides, Cuba's agricultural sector largely turned organic,[10] with the Organopónicos playing a major role in this transition.
Today, there are several forms of agricultural production, including cooperatives such as UBPCs (Unidad Básica de Producción Cooperativa) and CPAs (Cooperativa de Producción Agropecuaria).
Urban agriculture [ edit ]
Due to the shortage of the fuel, and so severe lack of transportation, a growing proportion of the agricultural production takes place in urban agriculture. In 2002, 35,000 acres (140 km2) of urban gardens produced 3.4 million metric tons of food. Current estimates are as high as 81,000 acres (330 km2).[11] In Havana, 90% of the city's fresh produce come from local urban farms and gardens. In 2003, more than 200,000 Cubans worked in the expanding urban agriculture sector.[12]
Crops [ edit ]
Cassava [ edit ]
Unprocessed cassava root
Some 260,000 acres (1,100 km2) are planted with cassava.[13] Cassava is native to the Latin American and Caribbean region[14] and is grown in almost every country of the region. Cuba is the second largest producer of cassava in the Caribbean with a production of 300,000 t (2001).[15] However, the yield per hectare is the lowest of all Caribbean countries. Most of Cuba's production is used directly for fresh consumption.[16] Part of the cassava is processed to sorbitol in a plant near Florida, Central Cuba.[17]
Citrus [ edit ]
Cuba is the world's third largest producer of grapefruit. Sixty percent of the citrus produce is oranges, 36% grapefruit.[7] Citrus production and processing was the first foreign investment in Cuba's agricultural sector, in 1991, the participation of an enterprise from Israel, the Jagüey Grande area, approximately 140 km (90 mi) east of Havana.[18] The products are mainly marketed in Europe under the brand name Cubanita.
Coffee [ edit ]
Potato [ edit ]
Consumption of potatoes in Cuba amounts to 25 kg (55 lb) per year. Potatoes are mainly consumed as French fries. Potato production areas (in total 37,000 acres or 150 square kilometres) are concentrated in the western part of Cuba. The main variety grown in Cuba is the Désirée.[19] Seed potatoes are partly produced locally. Some 40,000 metric tons of seed potatoes are imported annually from New Brunswick, Canada and the Netherlands.[20]
Rice [ edit ]
Rice is a staple in Cuban diet; one of the main dishes is rice and beans. Rice in Cuba is mostly grown along the western coast. There are two crops per year. Most rice farms are state-owned or co-operatives.[21] Production is limited by the shortage of water and, similar to other industries in Cuba, lack of fertilizer and modern agricultural technology. The yield per hectare remains lower than the average of Central American and Caribbean countries.[22] Therefore, Cuba has been a major importer of rice. Recently, imports approached 500,000 tonnes of milled rice per year.
Sugar [ edit ]
Cuban sugar mill, ca. 1922.
Cuba was once the world's largest sugar exporter. Until the 1960s, the US received 33% of its sugarcane imports from Cuba. During the cold war, Cuba's sugar exports were bought with subsidies from the Soviet Union. After the collapse of this trade arrangement, coinciding with a collapse in sugar prices, two thirds of sugar mills in Cuba closed. 100 000 workers lost their jobs.[23] However, the sugar production in the cane sugar mills has fallen from approximately 8 million metric tons to 3.2 million metric tons in the 2015 period.[citation needed][clarification needed] A rise in sugar prices beginning in 2008, stimulated new interest in sugar. Production in 2012–2013 was estimated at 1.6–1.8 million tonnes. 400,000 tonnes is exported to China and 550,000–700,000 for domestic consumption.[24]
Tobacco [ edit ]
Tobacco leaves in a drying shed
Cuba has the second largest area planted with tobacco of all countries worldwide.[25] Tobacco production in Cuba has remained about the same since the late 1990s. Cigars are a famous Cuban product worldwide and almost the whole production is exported.[26] The center of Cuban tobacco production is the Pinar del Río Province. Tobacco is the third largest source of hard currency for Cuba.[27] The income derived from the cigars is estimated at US$200 million.[28] The two main varieties grown in Cuba are Corojo and Criollo. 85% of the tobacco grown in Cuba is produced by National Association of Small Farmers members.[29] In the United States, Cuban cigars hold a special cachet, because they are banned as contraband in accordance with the United States embargo against Cuba. A number of shops catering to American tourists sell Cuban cigars in Canada.
Tropical fruits [ edit ]
Plantains and bananas account for 47% and 24% of the local production respectively. Both are only produced for domestic consumption.[30] Other tropical fruits produced in Cuba are mango, papaya, pineapple, avocado, guava, coconut, and Annonaceae (custard apple family).
See also [ edit ]
The psychopathic parrot who's ruining my life (and it's all my feather-brained children's fault)
Every now and again you read about ‘Empty Nest Syndrome' — a curious affliction suffered by parents who are sad that their children have left home. It sounds like heaven to me.
My wife and I should be, well, free as a bird now that all our little ones have fled to university and beyond. Those arduous parent ­evenings, competitive end-of-term picnics and final warnings from the bursar are already a distant memory.
We can come and go as we please, spending weekends learning to grow asparagus. Except that we can't. Because of Nero.
Tyrant: Nero the parrot has a taste for landing on Mark's head - as well as taking chunks out of neck and ear when they use the telephone
Nero is a parrot who lives with us and who will still be squawking a decade or so after I've joined the great grumpy chorus in the sky. We are chained once more. Any discussion about weekend plans must be followed by ‘…and what shall we do about Nero?' Then there's a pause, followed by the realisation that we can't make any plans at all any more.
We did not choose Nero. We acquired them — they are a Green Cheek Conure — after one of my stepsons bought them from a shop in New­castle and took them back to the flat they shared with four other male undergraduates.
Instantly, Nero was a success; a babe magnet. ‘Would you like to come back to my house and meet our parrot?' the boys asked the girls. They would.
Then, once university was done and dusted, Nero moved in with us. We had no objections at first — a parrot seemed like the perfect pet: small, clever, no need to walk it.
The odd couple: Mark and Nero have come to tolerate each other, with Mark stockpiling ryvita and elastoplast, while the bird does what they likes
But pricey even so, we found out after spending £1,500 on cages. The first one was very pretty, with a whiff of Edwardiana about it, but Nero soon worked out how to chip away at the paint, bend the bars and squeeze their body to freedom.
This was replaced by a cheapo affair that reminded my wife of a hamster cage. Nero was not amused.
So my wife found a whopper designed to look like the Crystal Palace. An antique, easy on the eye, ruinously expensive. We also had to buy a small cage for ­travelling to and from our cottage in Wiltshire, a journey that displeases Nero so much that once we get there they shriek for a good hour.
Nero is dictatorial by name and tyrannical by nature. They don't like me at all, but they absolutely cannot tolerate the fact that I don't like him. It drives them crazy. The more I seek to dissociate myself, the more they want to be with me.
When I'm working, they sit on my shoulder, waiting patiently for the telephone to ring. When it does, they cock their head and fixes me a gimlet eye. If I make the mistake of picking up the receiver, they first nip my neck then takes a chunk out of my ear before moving round my face and stabbing my mouth until I begin to bleed and hang up.
We could farm them out to friends — those who haven't been mortally offended by my abrupt telephone manner — but I fear they wouldn't remain friends for long. If he's kept in their cage, Nero shrieks to get out. Once out, they spend most of the day perched on and ­disfiguring picture frames waiting for people to visit.
When the plumber comes to call, Nero lands on their head and remains there, digging their claws in, while they (the plumber, that is) fixes the ­washing machine.
There have been times when I've gazed out of the window at the flocks of green parakeets that are taking over central London, and hoped Nero would join them.
Be careful what you wish for. A ­couple of weeks ago during Desert Island Discs (Nero loves music, swaying back and forth and crooking their neck in appreciation of a good tune) they became agitated.
This was a crisis. Neither my wife nor stepson was in the house at the time. They would suspect, justifiably, that I had killed the parrot.
I offered them a Ryvita, to which they are normally partial, but they flew off in a huff — and kept flying. One minute they were in the kitchen with me and Kirsty Young, the next they were rising into the sky and disappearing over the neighbour's roof.
This was a crisis. Neither my wife nor stepson was in the house at the time. They would suspect, justifiably, that I had killed the parrot.
‘Nero, Nero,' I called in as kindly a voice as I could manage. I began to worry. Nero would realise by now that he'd made a big mistake, but if I knew Nero he'd be too proud to admit it by coming home.
I maligned him. After half an hour high up in a tree, clearly considering their options, they made their choice, ­fluttered down on to my shoulder and stabbed me in the face. We went back indoors, both mightily relieved. I would love to report that we are living happily ever after, but we are not.
What we are doing is tolerating each other, accepting our mutual lot, treading warily. Compromise underpins every relationship, so I stockpile Ryvita, do without friends and phone calls and keep a handy supply of Elastoplast, while Nero does what they like.
Muddling on is what we all do best. I ­suppose it was silly to think that things might get simpler in middle age.
© The Spectator
"GLADIUS" THE SHOW
WHAT'S OUR STORY?
We are a Las Vegas based group of equestrian performers with a solid dream and inspired vision. As accomplished professional vaulters (a sport of gymnastic on horseback), we had an itch to get more creative. In 1997, we started a company based on a dream that we could develop equestrian acts that had never been seen before, and we began a tour to do just that!. After just getting started, we were invited to participate in the creation and tour of the international sensation, Cavalia, and were with them through the first two years of their tour. It was an amazing experience. After the tour, however, we still had great desire to create new acts. We moved to Las Vegas and began to create meaningful connections in the circus world. Our dream was to create an amazing horse show with equal amounts of horsemanship, acrobatics, and theater that would one day be featured on the Las Vegas strip. We tossed all barriers to the wind, decided our ideal show venue would be Caesars Palace and began writing a show that would be perfect for the venue.
One of the Roman Riding stunts with our performers
Since then, we have been working on our ideas in our 3 acre property in Vegas. We call it our 'Field of Dreams'. Through trial and error we have built all of our props (a giant pole apparatus that also tethers two giant horses with female acrobats dancing on their backs), a 37' aerial rig for all of our high flying stunts from horse to air and vice versa, and numerous fire props, including a giant aerial fire hoop.
Please visit our FACEBOOK page for updates! Our Fire Hoops! WHAT IS GLADIUS ABOUT? Alive, supreme, and conscious itself, Gladius is home to a myriad of enlightened creatures including the Gladiusborns, the Eluminit Gods, and the Lokidian Gods. The horses of Gladius are the sprit that holds the world together. The beings of Gladius must find peace after an ancient power is uncovered and threatens to disrupt their universe. The horse gods must guide this magical world as it achieves its destiny through dangerous stunts and acrobatics. Gladius will steal your heart as it seeks balance through passionate adventure. In Gladius, the spectator will see high flying aerial stunts from the horses to the air, battles, chariot races, acrobatic vaulting tethered by pole dancing, fire manipulation, Roman riding with aerial silks, and much more. Most of all, the stunning horses and love for them will thread throughout. Our show features 20 horses (Belgians, Andalusians, Minis, Percherons, and Quarter Horses) and 15 professional equestrian performers who have been featured in Cavalia and Arabian Knights and Acrobats from Cirque du Soleil. The show runs 90 minutes. Erik and Alethea: Creators of Gladius OUR PLAN We will do a tour of arenas in the US, and our first city is booked. The world premiere will be in Denver - the hometown of many of our crew, We will open March 9th at Rocky Mountain Horse Expo and will continue shows at the Jefferson County Fairgrounds, Westernaire's Arena in Golden. We are in the process of booking 5 cities per year. We are committed to bringing our art to the world and are in the process of booking five (5) cities per year. Knowing that success doesn't come without giveaway, our vision includes children and youth. We believe we would have been lost in our lives without the love for our horses and the opportunity to learn and create circus arts. Most people never have a chance to express skills through partnership with these incredible creatures. In every city of our tour, we will provide a program designed to meet needs of at-risk youth by giving them the opportunity to be around amazing horses and learn circus arts. Our program is called "Hoofprints" and the mission statement is: "Helping children express themselves through Equestrian performance art." Big Horse Productions will offer an outlet for children to become inspired in a world that does not often provide positive, inclusive and unique opportunities. In Denver, we have partnered with the Urban Farms, an incredible program that will give us our first venue for giveaway to many deserving children. As we make our way across the US, imagine how many lives we can change! BREAKDOWN OF OUR GOALS: -To take“Gladius,” on the road in five (5) arenas across the United States. -To bring a community outreach program to at-risk youth in each city where we perform. -To bring our show back to Las Vegas to a host venue in a more permanent setting while continuing to provide programs for at-risk youth through horses and circus arts.
The Whanganui River in New Zealand will now enjoy the same legal rights as a human being. From The Guardian:
The local Māori tribe of Whanganui in the North Island has fought for the recognition of their river – the third-largest in New Zealand – as an ancestor for 140 years.
On Wednesday, hundreds of tribal representatives wept with joy when their bid to have their kin awarded legal status as a living entity was passed into law.
“The reason we have taken this approach is because we consider the river an ancestor and always have,” said Gerrard Albert, the lead negotiator for the Whanganui iwi [tribe].
“We have fought to find an approximation in law so that all others can understand that from our perspective treating the river as a living entity is the correct way to approach it, as in indivisible whole, instead of the traditional model for the last 100 years of treating it from a perspective of ownership and management.”
The new status of the river means if someone abused or harmed it the law now sees no differentiation between harming the tribe or harming the river because they are one and the same.
Chris Finlayson, the minister for the treaty of Waitangi negotiations, said the decision brought the longest-running litigation in New Zealand's history to an end. “Te Awa Tupua will have its own legal identity with all the corresponding rights, duties and liabilities of a legal person,” said Finlayson in a statement.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will call for tax credits for businesses that hire and train apprentices as a way to raise wages and boost youth employment during a campaign stop in South Carolina on Wednesday.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in Concord, New Hampshire June 15, 2015. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Clinton is expected to unveil their proposal, which calls for a $1,500 tax credit per apprentice, during an afternoon forum at Trident Technical College, a two-year community college in the Charleston area, according to campaign aides.
Clinton's proposal mirrors a bipartisan bill introduced in the U.S. Senate last year that would grant businesses a $1,500 tax credit for hiring an apprentice under the age of 25 and $1,000 for those 25 and older, their campaign said. The backers of the Senate bill, which has not yet passed, said it would create about 400,000 positions and help meet a demand for skilled U.S. labor.
Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination ahead of the November 2016 election, entered the second phase of their campaign this week after declaring their candidacy in mid-April.
In their first large rally in New York City on Saturday, Clinton said businesses should be encouraged to create good jobs instead of increasing profits at workers' expense, and they will expand on that theme in South Carolina on Wednesday, their campaign said.
Clinton has struck a populist tone during the first months of their campaign, often remarking how the “deck is stacked” against U.S. workers and how Wall Street bankers pay lower tax rates than nurses or truck drivers.
Clinton's first campaign stops in Iowa and New Hampshire, which hold the first party nominating contests, included round tables at community colleges.
Clinton's campaign, in a background policy document provided to reporters, described their apprenticeship proposal as a “win-win” for businesses that need skilled employees and workers in need of well-paying jobs.
The campaign pointed to a 2012 study cited by the Department of Labor that found apprenticeships are associated with a worker earning an average of $6,595 more annually. The unemployment rate for 18- to 34-year-olds outpaces the overall unemployment rate at 7.8 percent to 5.5 percent, the campaign said.
In rolling out the tax-credit proposal, Clinton is expected to emphasize the role their mother played in instilling the value of hard work. Them campaign also highlighted a Clinton Foundation program that created economic opportunities for young people in the United States.
Courtesy of Black Mask Studios
When it comes to people of color taking ownership of their own narratives, the fight for sovereignty has been long and ongoing. In 2013, Steve McQueen became the first black filmmaker to win Best Picture for historical drama 12 Years A Slave, after decades of white filmmakers receiving accolades for their own work on black narratives. The struggle has been similar within the comic-book world: While comic-book companies have recently seemed more eager to put more people of color on the page, they've also showed a reluctance to actually hire them to write, draw, or letter the comics in question. More than ever, though, creators of color are taking matters into their own hands—which is how BLACK came to be. The new comic asks the question, "What would happen if superpowers were real? And what if they were only given to black people?"
Recently, I exchanged emails with Jamal Igle, Kwanza Osajyefo, Khary Randolph, and Tim Smith 3—the creators of BLACK—to hear more about the ideas, production, and challenges surrounding a work that presents such a potentially dangerous question.
VICE: The premise of BLACK is that blackness imbues superhumanity and thereby justifies extreme violence against us—something seen all too frequently in the real world. What were the conversations you had with one another around that? What were you worried about?
Jamal Igle: I wasn't worried, particularly because even discussing the base premise would be (and was) considered in some corners as controversial. I walked into the project from the outset with that in mind, so I had no reservations about it. Kwanza, Tim, Sarah [Litt, the editor], and I had a conversation over dinner where we talked about the project in the abstract, and Kwanza and I lined up perfectly on the concept of race, representation, and superpowers.
One of the problems I've had as a comic-book reader and being a casual fan of the X-Men was the idea that the only thing that set mutants apart from characters like the Thing, the Hulk, and the Morlocks was how they were marketed to the public. If Warren Worthington didn't run around in a costume with giant x's all over it, they had enough resources to have the people believe they were an alien—or an actual angelic being. The "First Class" of X-Men were all pretty white kids going to an exclusive private school in Westchester. It's not exactly a bastion of individuality or fear for one's safety, unless you're ginger.
The first cover—a kid in a red hoodie, standing in "hands up, don't shoot" position—is immediately evocative and directly confrontational with white supremacy. I'm curious about what led you and the rest of the team to take such a brute force technique with the covers.
Khary Randolph: We don't pull any punches on these covers. They're brutally honest and don't hold back on what they are about, and I think that's necessary when you're dealing with subject matter that's this serious.
My normal day-to-day comic-book work looks nothing like this. It's much more colorful and pop art. I don't normally do political work, but this was personal—to all of us. We knew we had something to say with this book, so from the moment Kwanza and I first discussed what the book would be about, I knew I had to approach things differently. The very limited color palette, the street art feel, the compositions, and the themes are all very deliberate. On a purely emotional level, this was by far the hardest illustration job I've ever had to do, and I'm very proud of how it's come out.
BLACK is monochromatic—black and white—which isn't the absence of color per se, but is definitely in defiance of the color palette of most modern Western comics. What do you feel like you gained from this technique?
Kwanza Osajyefo: I felt that BLACK is a story that readers bring their own experiences to. It won't be the same read for everyone. I thought adding color would, in some regard, distract readers and entertain their imagination less. You could read into it as a metatextual absence of color as a reflection of blacks absence in comics.
Randolph: For the record, I love color. But with this project, not having it lends to the gravitas of the themes that we tackle—and it helps us stand out in a marketplace that's full of oversaturated color. It's a point of pride for us that this is the kind of book and story that really can't be told at the major publishers. We're striving to do something different, and that extends even to the lack of color.
There's some pressure, but also some freedom, in drawing, writing, or creating a black body. How does it feel, emotionally, to work on a project like this? What's the work like? What does it bring to your day-to-day life?
Tim Smith 3: If you want to break into mainstream comics, you better know how to draw all kinds of people—but you'll be drawing Caucasians the most. But when you work on a book that's mostly black faces, it will make you slow down and get it right because it's not in the norm of comics. Not every black person looks alike, nor does any other person of any other race. But working on this makes me stop and think about making them look like people. And a part of that is to give each of them a look that unifies and separates them from one another.
I talked to a woman who said they hadn't drawn in years, so when they did draw something, they drew the face of a black woman. Now mind you, they themselves was black, but they found it difficult to get some of the facial features to them liking. Looking in a mirror their whole life didn't seem to bridge the gap, nor did looking at their family and friends and TV and books—yet they seemed very comfortable drawing a white face. It's ingrained in our culture: the image of what is to be considered the norm. Artists should break out of the bubble and draw all kinds of people. Test your limits, and don't be told what to draw or settle for what everyone has been drawing. For me, drawing BLACK is a fulfilling means to being an artist and an artist of color.
All of you are men, and while the comic definitely makes strides toward inclusion, the voice and perspective is also rather definitively cisgender male. What conversations did you guys have among yourselves about the absence of women from your creative team?
Osajyefo: We're all painfully aware, and it's never lost on me that I need to make extra effort on my contacts list. If black men in comics are unicorns, black women are pegacorns. Fortunately, that's quickly changing.
We were able to have Ashley Woods draw an alternate cover for Chapter One of BLACK that has a Harriet Tubman homage on the cover. I would love work with more sisters on future stories in BLACK, but I'll admit I'm only now just introducing myself.
In one of the issues, a Jamaican man uses the term "batty boy"—a Jamaican pejorative generally meant to target queer men. Could you describe your intent with the phrase and how it fits in with the narrative?
That character is SAVAGE, and he's not a good person. He's a hardcore gangster and murderer. I like to write villains who do bad things, so it stands to reason that they also say bad things. Considering they eviscerate people in the chapter that they appear in, why is name calling the focus? Are we that desensitized to violence?
Black characters are not just these one-dimensional tokens to assuage publishers obilivity and pacify readers of color. All that stated, I also know thatIdon't know all the deep roots of all these aspects in blackness, but I wanted readers to have these characters exist.
You guys made a point to have AAVE as a clear part of BLACK's vernacular, which is, as is everything, a clearly political choice. Am I right in thinking you're big believers in showing multitudes to counteract stereotypes?
A lot of writers don't use the vernacular, pidgin, etc. Maybe that's a fear of making black characters sound ignorant—or perhaps the issue is that there is not enough diversity to allow for it. Name the last black supervillain from a mainstream publisher. They want black faces on their characters but don't have the internal depth (black people on staff) to show our humanity—good and bad. The fears are backlash of presenting us in a bad light, but they also aren't hiring us in positions to influence that content.
In BLACK, we're attempting to show the spectrum of blackness—on our own terms. I love accents, and black people have them. To me, it would be a disservice to gloss over that for pretense.
What are the elements each of you are hoping readers take from your work on BLACK? What's the one thing you'd like us to pay attention to or notice?
Smith 3: This project started as a Kickstarter. I don't know what or where it would have gone if not for that. But we did it there. We were committed in doing it one way or another. But the people wanted it as it was funded so here we are! (Thank you KS and all those helped make this happen!) I want folks to understand that there are no rules to making comics. Whatever you think of the book, know that we got up, did it, and it was accepted and wanted. Now I hope you enjoy something that truly breaks the norm.
Follow J.A. Micheline on Twitter.
Bitcoinsider
Offline
Activity: 5
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 5Merit: 0 [Introducing] Wherebits - a bitcoin directory for local and online businesses February 12, 2015, 07:21:04 PM
Last edit: May 13, 2015, 05:21:45 PM by Bitcoinsider #1
Introduction
Today I would like to mention a new project I've been working on with a few other people: introducing Wherebits. (
What is Wherebits?
Wherebits is a bitcoin directory for local and online businesses accepting bitcoin, officially launched on January 30th 2015 .
We included a vast variety of business categories. We started by adding bitcoin ATMs available around the US, than we decided to expand our selection to restaurants, bars, and so on.
How big is our directory?
As of today we have added 500 1200 stores and businesses accepting bitcoin. Most of them are local businesses based in US only for now. We have decided to focus our attention and adding local businesses ourselves, starting with the US: we will expand to the rest of the world soon.
Our goal is to reach around 1250-1750 2000 businesses by the end of the month. We are adding around 50 daily.
Features of the website
Wherebits lets users search for businesses using a simple Google map and a search box, with keyword, category, and location (currently US states) inputs. It also has a grid with categories and the latest stores added.
Now, how about users adding businesses, stores, or whatever you are running online?
If you do accept bitcoin as a payment on your website or in your store than visit Wherebits @
How adding a business works?
First of all, it's free and will always be. Adding yours is way simple, you just need to insert a title, a location(if local), your email address, a description, and optionally, your phone number, website url, a cover and a company logo.
What makes Wherebits better than any other bitcoin directory?
it's updated daily
We are in a constant growth
it's free to register and to add your own business
We verify every single businesses added
We will be offering Featured listings
It has a decent design and it's user friendly
Challenges and plans for the coming months
Our main focus is adding as many local and online businesses as we can. As previously said we will first complete the local directory and than work on a section strictly dedicated to Online businesses.
Second thing we are working on is optimising the website. We are looking forward to enhancing the speed of the initial homepage load, mostly the Google map loading. We're also adding images for every listing, choosing the right images related to the business.
If you have any questions or comments than please let us know!
We are also on Twitter @wherebits ->
Cheers!!!
Visit Wherebits at https://wherebits.com Today I would like to mention a new project I've been working on with a few other people:. ( https://wherebits.com Wherebits is a bitcoin directory for local and online businesses accepting bitcoin, officially launched on January 302015 .We included a vast variety of business categories. We started by adding bitcoin ATMs available around the US, than we decided to expand our selection to restaurants, bars, and so on.As of today we have added1200 stores and businesses accepting bitcoin. Most of them arebusinesses based in US only for now. We have decided to focus our attention and adding local businesses ourselves, starting with the US: we will expand to the rest of the world soon.Our goal is to reach around2000 businesses by the end of the month. We are adding around 50 daily.Wherebits lets users search for businesses using a simple Google map and a search box, with keyword, category, and location (currently US states) inputs. It also has a grid with categories and the latest stores added.If you dobitcoin as a payment on your website or in your store than visit Wherebits @ https://wherebits.com/add-a-bitcoin-store/ - you will be able to add a store.First of all,and will always be. Adding yours is way simple, you just need to insert a title, a location(if local), your email address, a description, and optionally, your phone number, website url, a cover and a company logo.Our main focus is adding as many local and online businesses as we can. As previously said we will first complete the local directory and than work on a section strictly dedicated to Online businesses.Second thing we are working on is optimising the website. We are looking forward to enhancing the speed of the initial homepage load, mostly the Google map loading. We're also adding images for every listing, choosing the right images related to the business.We are also on Twitter @wherebits -> https://twitter.com/wherebits
One of the headline features of Android O is picture-in-picture video support across all devices. The feature has been part of Android TV since Nougat, but starting with O, it works on phones and tablets too. A handful of applications has already added support for the feature, including VLC, Duo, and Play Movies - now it's Chrome's turn.
If you're on Android O, just go full-screen on any video in Chrome and tap the Recents button twice. Pretty simple. I don't have a device running Android O to verify what branches of Chrome currently have this feature, but tipster Nick was using Chrome Dev.
Let us know in the comments if you're on Android O and if this is working for you. Now I just need Plex to add support...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption It was feared that the fee hike would hit aid agencies which are working to deal with the famine
South Sudan will not go ahead with plans to charge foreigners a $10,000 (£8,200) fee for work permits as officially announced in early March.
The plan has been dropped in response to criticism that it would penalise aid agencies, the finance minister said.
The controversial measure was announced just four days after famine was declared in parts of the country.
However, the revised fee will be reviewed by MPs and could be introduced at a later date.
Foreign workers are currently required to pay $100 (£80) for a work permit.
South Sudanese officials argued that the fee was one of the lowest in the region hence suggesting the 100-fold increase.
But the fee hike faced criticism with people saying that it would burden aid workers at a time when the country was most at need.
Finance Minister Stephen Dhieu Dau acknowledged the complaint as part of the reason why the fee increase has been dropped.
"The ministry of finance acknowledges these significant issues... and steps are being taken to formulate the best way forward," Mr Dau said.
Even before the uproar over the fee increase, the officials of the famine-stricken country had been accused of impeding access for humanitarian agencies.
South Sudan is currently facing food shortages and parts of the country are experiencing a famine.
The on-going civil war has compounded the difficulties of dealing with the country's food problem.
An annual report issued last month ranks the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (WARF), the private nonprofit foundation that manages intellectual property on behalf of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, as 7th among the world's universities in U.S. patents issued in 2015.
The report, “Top 100 Worldwide Universities Granted U.S. Utility Patents,” by the National Academy of Inventors and the Intellectual Property Owners Association, credited WARF with 161 new patents.
“Utility patents” cover materials, processes, functions and devices. In contrast, “design patents” cover nonfunctional elements like appearance.
Pharmaceuticals and drug discovery, medical imaging, materials and chemicals, information technology and clean technology were the leading categories of WARF-UW-Madison patents.
The 161 patents places Wisconsin's flagship university behind the front-running University of California System, MIT and Stanford, but ahead of the rest of the Big Ten, Harvard and Johns Hopkins.
“This is welcome news,” says Michael Falk, general counsel of WARF, “and it reflects the combination of an outstanding research university and a top-tier intellectual-property organization. WARF is one of the first technology transfer offices at a U.S. university, and we have developed a level of sophistication that is different than what's found at other offices.”
Examples among the 161 patents include:
A method for generating influenza vaccines that lack the genes needed for replication yet still elicit a strong immune response.
A means to study tissue in the cervix with ultrasound to assess the likelihood of preterm birth.
A system to improve the efficiency of heat-transfer fluids that solar plants use to concentrate the sun's heat to drive electric generators.
In addition, Falk says, “WARF's 2015 numbers of newly executed licensing agreements were up from the previous year. This demonstrates continued growth in the number of active licenses WARF manages.”
One reason why UW–Madison “punches above its weight” in terms of patentable inventions is the broad range of expertise on campus, Falk says. “So many inventions come from multiple departments, from investigators working in very different fields. One of the top five reasons that our inventors give for liking to work at UW–Madison is the ease of finding a collaborator on campus. They may have a biological background and need help thinking about a problem with big data sets. There is sure to be a collaborator on campus who is willing to talk, potentially collaborate and potentially invent together.”
“So many of the traditional core strengths of this university are now being exploited in new and exciting ways.” Michael Falk
Another reason relates to the structure of WARF — based on what Falk calls the “really powerful vision of Harry Steenbock,” a UW–Madison biochemist and WARF founder who in 1923 invented a method to use ultraviolet radiation to produce vitamin D in milk, which eliminated the bone disease rickets in the United States. “Steenbock had the right and opportunity to become a millionaire,” Falk says, “but they chose instead to go through this arduous task of helping found WARF and dedicated their patent to the good of the university.”
Although both the inventor and the academic department are rewarded when WARF receives licensing money on its patents, that altruistic spirit still motivates scientists and inventors on campus, Falk says. With its portion of licensing income, WARF funds projects and personnel across the entire university.
Founded in 1925 as an independent, nonprofit foundation, WARF is UW–Madison's designated technology transfer organization. WARF manages more than 1,700 patents and has provided $2.3 billion in cumulative grants (on an inflation-adjusted basis) to UW–Madison since its founding.
The strong patenting numbers are also rooted in a land grant university that combines traditional liberal arts and sciences with engineering, medicine and agriculture. “Madison is a powerhouse in the life sciences,” where historically significant departments like bacteriology now support entirely new endeavors, Falk says. “Who knew that in the 21st century this whole new industry, biotechnology, would develop and rely on bacteria as the starting point? So many of the traditional core strengths of this university are now being exploited in new and exciting ways.”
Emergency services tend to the alleged aggressor, who also fell onto the train tracks.
A 28-year-old National Police officer was killed on Friday after being run over by a train at the Embajadores station in Madrid.
The incident is reported to have taken place at around 12pm, after the police officer requested to see the identification papers of a man in the station. Sources from the authorities say that the man “intentionally” pushed the officer, and fell down onto the tracks with him. Both were hit by a train, but the citizen escaped with injuries.
The C5 line is the only commuter train to pass through Embajadores, and connects the Móstoles and Humanes stations. Services were suspended between the stations of Atocha and Laguna.
Via their Twitter account, the National Police said that they were “deeply concerned and in great pain over the death of our colleague who was working to ensure citizens are safe.”
The incident was the second to cause disruption to Madrid's transport networks on Friday, after a false bomb alert in Atocha station earlier in the morning.
Mark Fisher: Bitcoin is very similar to the silver run in the 1970s 1:09 PM ET Tue, 5 Dec 2017 | 02:24
Bitcoin's run is very similar to that of silver's nearly 40 years ago, renowned trader Mark Fisher told CNBC on Tuesday.
"The reason people are so attracted to bitcoin is because people want something that's actually moved dramatically, that there's no Wall Street to it," said Fisher, founder and CEO of MBF Clearing. "The thing that every cab driver is talking about all day long."
"Bitcoin was what silver was back in the late '70s and '80s — for sure," Fisher said in an interview with "Fast Money: Halftime Report." "No rhyme or reason."
The cryptocurrency has hit new highs several times this year, passing above the $11,800 mark on Sunday. Bitcoin's rapid gains, however, have prompted some market participants to warn of a bubble. It has surged more than 1,000 percent this year.
Cboe announced Monday that it is launching futures trading in the cryptocurrency beginning at 6 p.m. ET Sunday, eight days before CME launches bitcoin futures. Fisher predicts the launch initially is "going to be the Wild West."
"It's going to be great volatility," they said. "And for someone like me, who cares what it is, as long as it moves, right?"
GE Aviation has broken a two-year silence on a major research project in hybrid electric propulsion with a new white paper that discloses several major advances demonstrated in two experiments since 2015 and that confirms the company is in talks with several potential aircraft makers about using the new technology.
Among traditional propulsion suppliers, Honeywell and Rolls-Royce have been most outspoken about efforts to develop new hybrid propulsion technology. Both companies have partnered to develop a 1MW-class hybrid propulsion system for the Aurora Flight Sciences XV-24A, a demonstrator for the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
But GE has been working quietly behind the scenes to build the foundational technology for a similar 1MW-sized powerplant with broad applications across military, commercial, business and general aviation markets, according to a white paper published by the company on 25 August.
During two events staged since 2015, GE demonstrated major advances in two key ingredients of any hybrid propulsion system: power generation and electric motors, the document shows.
In the area of power generation, GE modified an F110 engine, a propulsion option for the Boeing F-15 and Lockheed Martin F-16, to generate 1MW of electric power. By siphoning compressed air from the core, GE extracted 250kW from the high-pressure turbine and – in and industry first for a two-shaft engine – 750kW from the low-pressure turbine, according to the white paper.
As a megawatt of electric power is equivalent to 1,341hp, the F110 still has plenty of thrust to continue powering even in a single-engined aircraft. A single F110 can generate up to 32,000lb-thrust, which is equivalent to 44,300hp.
By extracting electric power from both modules of the turbine section, GE has created an architecture with a broad array of potential future applications, including military programmes with an interest in laser weapons.
After generating the electric power, GE also has demonstrated an advanced electric motor designed by the company's research centre in a separate project, according to GE's white paper. The 1MW motor drove a propeller designed by Dowty, another GE subsidiary. When coupled with a gas generator, such a hybrid propulsion system could produce the same thrust as a large version of the Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6A turboshaft engine.
The motor itself represents the state of the art in efficiently converting electricity into power. Whereas most aviation motors are designed to achieve 90% efficiency, the new motor demonstrated by GE is 98% efficient, the white paper claims. Importantly, such efficiency means a 1MW motor produces only 20kW of waste heat, rather than at least 100kW if a conventional aviation motor is used. GE has not revealed the size or weight of the device.
“With these two tests over the past two years, GE engineers have set a new benchmark for the aviation industry by extracting a megawatt of power from a modern jet engine while also generating thrust – and also by extracting a megawatt of power from an electric motor in order to drive a propeller,” the white paper says.
By comparison, the Boeing 787 uses six generators to produce a maximum load of 1.4MW of electric power, which the aircraft uses to provide power for de-icing the wing and engine nacelles and pressurising the cabin.
In the future, the aviation industry is contemplating the feasibility of hybrid-electric power systems for a broad range of aircraft, including up to about 150 seats. Airbus has outlined a technology roadmap that leads to a narrowbody-sized hybrid electric demonstrator in about 20 years. Meanwhile, Boeing has teamed up with JetBlue Technology Ventures to fund Zunum Aero, which is designing a hybrid-electric business aircraft and 50-seat regional jet to fly in the early 2020s.
“GE Aviation is currently engaging with several prospective companies on hybrid electric aircraft concepts,” the company says in the white paper.
Meanwhile, GE in 2013 opened a $51 million Electrical Power Integrated System Center (EpisCenter) in Dayton, Ohio. The facility is sized to test electric power systems ranging in size from 500kW to 2.5MW.
“This allows customers to transfer risk and cost to GE, while working to minimise both at entry into service,” the document says.
The Association of Garda Sergeants and Inspectors has said that members will be marching in Saturday's anti-austerity march organised by the Irish Congress of Trade Unions.
However, a spokesperson for the Garda Representative Association said its executive had decided yesterday not to take part in Saturday's march.
AGSI General Secretary John Redmond said they expected several hundred members to join them in Dublin.
They will march with other members of the Frontline Alliance of public sector workers, including nurses and fire personnel, who have a 24/7 liability.
These groups have argued that they will be hit disproportionately by Government plans to cut allowances and premium payments, as a significant portion of their income is made up of such payments.
Both garda representative bodies have refused to participate in talks on securing an additional €1 billion in savings from the public sector pay and pensions bill.
However, Mr Redmond stressed that the AGSI would not be taking part in any blue flu.
When In-N-Out Burger first opened in 1948, the company only provided a basic menu of burgers, fries and beverages. The foods it prepared were made on-site from fresh ingredients, including its french fries which were sliced and cooked to order. Unlike other major competitors in the hamburger fast food restaurant business (Burger King, McDonald's and Wendy's), as the chain expanded over the years, it has not added products such as chicken or salads to its menu since 1976 and has never changed its preparation methods.
The company utilizes a vertical integration model for its raw ingredients, procuring and manufacturing much of its food supplies in-house. The company does not utilize freezers in its operations, shipping food daily to its stores from its facilities. Instead of a broad menu like other competitors, In-N-Out has become known for its "secret menu", or unadvertised variations of its burgers that are based on customer preferences, such as the popular "Animal Style."
Burgers [ edit ]
All burgers consist of zero (in the case of a 'grilled cheese') or more 2 oz (57 g) beef patties cooked to "medium-well", and served on a toasted bun. The standard style of burger includes tomato, hand-leafed lettuce and "spread", a sauce similar to A Thousand Island dressing.[1]
Meat [ edit ]
For most of its history, In-N-Out has produced its own meat in company-owned facilities. The chain has a policy of using only fresh meat, and all of its stores are supplied by its California manufacturing operations located in Baldwin Park. With its expansion into Texas, the restaurant opened its first production plant outside of California in a suburb of Dallas in order to increase its geographic footprint.[2][3] By keeping the manufacturing process in house, the chain is able to maintain strict quality control standards.[3]
Beginning in March 2016 the company announced that it would move forward to sourcing its beef from cows that have not been treated with antibiotics. The chain did not announce a timeframe for the switch, but that it would move forward at an expedited pace.[4] Part of the reason for the switch was that California passed a series of laws to ban the use of antibiotics in non-medical, prophylactic treatments. Additionally, several groups of consumer advocacy NGOs, led by CalPIRG, had been pressuring a number of restaurant chains to stop using meat raised with low-dose antibiotics.[5]
Secret menu variations [ edit ]
The bulk of the secret menu revolves around the burgers. In-N-Out's own website acknowledges the existence of this secret menu, publicizing "some of the most popular items" on what it calls the company's "not-so-secret menu."[6]
"Animal Style" is one of the most popular "secret" styles; in addition to the standard toppings, Animal Style burgers include mustard fried onto each meat patty, pickles, grilled onions, and extra spread. "3×3" (pronounced 3-by-3), "4×4", or variations of "m" × "c", refers to a burger with a varied amount of meat patties, "m", and slices of cheese, "c": e.g. a burger with six meat patties and three slices of cheese is a "6×3". The In-N-Out "secret menu" section of the website only mentions the "3×3" and "4×4", which are registered trademarks of the company.[6]
Until 2004, In-N-Out accommodated burger orders of any size by adding patties and slices of cheese at an additional cost. However, on October 31, 2004, a group of friends ordered a 100×100 from a location in Las Vegas, Nevada, posting photos on the web of the burger.[7][8] Once word got out of the incredibly large sandwich, In-N-Out management disallowed any sandwich larger than a 4x4.
In-N-Out has two low carbohydrate offerings. "Protein Style", introduced in the 1970s,[a][b] replaces the bun with large leaves of lettuce; while the "Flying Dutchman" is a 2x2 with no bun, no vegetables, and no spread with the cheese slices placed between both patties.[8] Health.com rated the protein-style sandwich as the best low-carb sandwich in the United States.[11]
Onion styles [ edit ]
In-N-Out's burger customization offers customers a choice of six different onion styles - three variations of the two ways that onions can be cut (sliced versus chopped).
"With onion" or "Chopped onion" - standard placement, onion is put on top of the meat/cheese as the burger is cooking.
"Raw onion" or "Raw chopped onion" - onion is cold and more crisp, placed on top of the spread.
"Whole grilled onion" or "grilled onion" - onions are grilled until brown, placed on top of meat. [12]
French fries [ edit ]
An In-N-Out employee preparing potatoes for its french fries
In-N-Out uses the Kennebec variety of potato for its fries and prepares them on-site as opposed to purchasing them pre-made from other companies.[3][13] The company's french fries are cooked in "100% pure, cholesterol-free sunflower oil."[14] Fries can also be cooked to order, with cooking times ranging from "light" to "extra well done".[15]
Beverages [ edit ]
The company offers lemonade, unsweetened iced tea (though sweet tea is available at Texas stores only), coffee, three flavors of milk shakes (chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry) which can be mixed in any combination desired, and soda. In-N-Out serves soda from two different companies. It serves Coca-Cola Classic, Diet Coke, and Barq's Famous Olde Tyme Root Beer from the Coca-Cola Company, and 7 Up and Dr Pepper from the Dr Pepper Snapple Group. The company advertises that its milkshakes are made with "100% real ice cream."[16]
Notes [ edit ]
^ [9] "Over the years, this trend has evolved into what's become known as the Secret Menu -- a list of popular burger variations that do not appear on the menu but are passed along by word of mouth." ^ protein style," said Carl Van Fleet, the company's vice president of planning. "They also created it, in a sense, when they began requesting it in the early 1970s..."[10] "In fact, it was customers who gave it the name," said Carl Van Fleet, the company's vice president of planning. "They also created it, in a sense, when they began requesting it in the early 1970s..."
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
At the conclusion of the Featured Episode “Time in a Bottle,” Captains successfully made contact with a population of Krenim survivors that had hidden themselves away in a pocket of time using a unique piece of temporal technology. This technology proved capable of shielding the existence of an entire planet away from the eyes of the Vaadwaur, the Heralds, and even the Iconian Council itself! With the assistance of Captain Nog, the groundwork was laid to form a cooperative research and development pact with the Krenim, potentially allowing the entire civilized galaxy to benefit from their incredible ability to directly manipulate the perception of time.
Players will have the opportunity to see that agreement through to its fruition by participating in the construction of the Fleet Research Lab – an entirely new Fleet Holding, available to all Fleets in Star Trek Online.
This impressive space station, hidden away in the Delta Quadrant, will be built for the primary purpose of assisting the Krenim as they further develop their expertise in timeline manipulation and temporal mechanics. With the guidance of these new allies, the Research Lab will take on many aspects of Krenim architectural design, but will remain fully owned and operated by the players' Fleet.
While the focus of this facility will be temporal manipulations, the amenities it offers are uniquely qualified to make this the perfect location for R&D of all types. As such, this facility will offer many new opportunities for players to explore and participate in the existing R&D System in entirely new and rewarding ways.
Advancing this new Fleet Holding through to its completion will also grant many incredible new options for equipping your ship and crew, as well as improving some of the core options available to your Captain and your fleetmates.
The Fleet Research Lab will also feature many unlockable projects to improve both its interior and exterior visual appearance, as well as many standard conveniences that all starship captains need access to from time to time. Fleets can also unlock inter-fleet shuttle capabilities that will allow for quick and easy access to the Research Lab's location in the Delta Quadrant.
Additional details on all of the equipment and unlocks associated with this Holding will be published in a future blog, closer to the release date.
Discuss in the forums.
The Problem: URLs and Internal Links for Legislative Documents
Legislative documents reside at various government Websites in various formats (TXT, HTML, XML, PDF, WordPerfect). URLs for these documents are often too long or difficult to construct. For example, here is the URL for the HTML format version of bill H.R. 3200 of the 111th U.S. Congress:
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/BILLS-111hr3200IH/html/BILLS-111hr3200IH.htm
More importantly, “deep” links to internal locations (often called “subdivisions” or “segments”) within a legislative document (the citations within the law, such as section 246 of bill H.R. 3200) are often not supported, or are non-intuitive for users to create or use. For most legislative Websites, users must click through or fill out forms and then scroll or search for the specific location in the text of legislation. This makes it difficult if not impossible to create and share links to official citations. Enabling internal links to subdivisions of legislative documents is crucial, because in most situations, users of legal information need access only to a subdivision of a legal document, not to the entire document.
A Solution: LegisLink
LegisLink.org is a URL Redirection Service with the goal of enabling Internet access to legislative material using citation-based URLs rather than requiring users to repeatedly click and scroll through documents to arrive at a destination. Let's say you're reading an article at CNN.com and the article references section 246 in H.R. 3200. If you want to read the section, you can search for H.R. 3200 and more than likely you will find the bill and then scroll to find the desired section. On the other hand, you can use something like LegisLink by typing the correct URL. For example: http://legislink.org/us/hr-3200-ih-246.
Benefits
There are several advantages of having a Web service that resolves legislative and legal citations.
(1) LegisLink provides links to citations that are otherwise not easy for users to create. In order to create a hyperlink to a location in an HTML or XML file, the publisher must include unique anchor or id attributes within their files. Even if these attributes are included, they are often not exposed as links for Internet users to re-use. On the other hand, Web-based software can easily scan a file's text to find a requested citation and then redirect the user to the requested location. For PDF files, it is possible to create hyperlinks to specific pages and locations when using the Acrobat plug-in from Adobe. In these cases, hyperlinks can direct the user to the document location at the official Website.
For example, here is the LegisLink URL that links directly to section 246 within the PDF version of H.R. 3200: http://legislink.org/us/hr-3200-ih-246-pdf
In cases where governments have not included ids in HTML, XML or TXT files, LegisLink can replicate a government document on the LegisLink site, insert an anchor, and then redirect the user to the requested location.
(2) LegisLink makes it easy to get to a specific location in a document, which saves time. Law students and presumably all law professionals are relying on online resources to a greater extent than ever before. In 2004, Stanford Law School published the results of their survey that found that 93% of first year law students used online resources for legal research at least 80% of the time.
(3) Creating and maintaining a .org site that acts as an umbrella for all jurisdictions makes it easier to locate documents and citations, especially when they have been issued by a jurisdiction with which one is unfamiliar. Legislation and other legal documents tend to reside at multiple Websites within a jurisdiction. For example, while U.S. federal legislation (i.e., bills and slip laws) is stored at thomas.loc.gov (HTML and XML) and gpo.gov (at FDsys and GPO Access) (TXT and PDF), the United States Code is available at uscode.house.gov and at gpo.gov (FDsys and GPO Access), while roll call votes are at clerk.house.gov and www.senate.gov. Governments tend to compartmentalize activities, and their Websites reflect much of that compartmentalization. LegisLink.org or something like it could, at a minimum, provide a resource that helps casual and new users find where official documents are stored at various locations or among various jurisdictions.
(4) LegisLinks won't break over time. Governments sometimes change the URL locations for their documents. This often breaks previously relied-upon URLs (a result that is sometimes called “link rot”). A URL Redirection Service lessens these eventual annoyances to users because the syntax for the LegisLink-type service remains the same. To “fix” the broken links, the LegisLink software is simply updated to link to the government's new URLs. This means that previously published LegisLinks won't break over time.
(5) A LegisLink-type service does not require governments to expend resources. The goal of LegisLink is to point to government or government-designated resources. If those resources contain anchors or id attributes, they can be used to link to the official government site. If the documents are in PDF (non-scanned), they can also be used to link to the official government site. In other cases, the files can be replicated temporarily and slightly manipulated (e.g., the tag <a name=SEC-#> can be added at the appropriate location) in order to achieve the desired results.
Alternatives
While some Websites have implemented Permalinks and handle systems (e.g., the Library of Congress's THOMAS system), these systems tend to link users to the document level only. They also generally only work within a single Internet domain, and casual users tend not to be aware of their existence.
Other technologies at the forefront of this space include recent efforts to create a URN-based syntax for legal documents (URN:LEX). To quote from the draft specification, “In an on-line environment with resources distributed among different Web publishers, uniform resource names allow simplified global interconnection of legal documents by means of automated hypertext linking.”
The syntax for URN:LEX is a bit lengthy, but because of its specificity, it needs to be included in any universal legal citation redirection service. The inclusion of URN:LEX syntax does not, however, mitigate the need for additional simpler syntaxes. This distinction is important for the users who just want to quickly access a particular legislative document, such as a bill that is mentioned in a news article. For example, if LegisLink were widely adopted, users would come to know that the URL http://legislink.org/us/hr-3200 will link to the current Congress's H.R. 3200; the LegisLink URL is therefore readily usable by humans. And use of LegisLink for a particular piece of legislation is to some extent consistent with the use of URN:LEX for the same legislation: for example, a URN:LEX-based address such as http://legislink.org/urn:lex/us/federal:legislation:2009;
111.hr.3200@official;thomas.loc.gov:en$text-html could also lead to the current Congress's H.R. 3200. A LegisLink-type service can include the URN:LEX syntax, but the URN:LEX syntax cannot subsume the simplified syntax being proposed for LegisLink.org.
The goals of Citability.org, another effort to address these issues, calls for the replication of all government documents for point-in-time access. In addition, Citability.org envisions including date and time information as part of the URL syntax in order to provide access to the citable content that was available at the specified date and time. LegisLink has more modest goals: it focuses on linking to currently provided government documents and locations within those documents. Since legislation is typically stored as separate, un-revisable documents for a given legislative term (lasting 2 years in many U.S. jurisdictions), the use of date and time information is redundant with legislative session information.
The primary goal of a legislative URL Redirection Service such as LegisLink.org is to expedite the delivery of needed information to the Internet user. In addition, the LegisLink tools used to link to legislative citations in one jurisdiction can be re-used for other jurisdictions; this reduces developers' labor as more jurisdictions are added.
Next Steps
The LegisLink.org site is organized by jurisdiction: each jurisdiction has its own script, and all scripts can re-use common functions. The prototype is currently being built to handle the United States (us), Colorado (us-co), and New Zealand (nz). The LegisLink source code is available as text files at http://legislink.org/code.html.
The challenges of a service like LegisLink.org are: (1) determining whether the legal community is interested in this sort of solution, (2) finding legislative experts to define the needed syntax and results for jurisdictions of interest, and (3) finding software developers interested in helping to work on the project.
This project cannot be accomplished by one or two people. Your help is needed, whether you are an interested user or a software developer. At this point, the code for LegisLink is written in Perl. Please join the LegisLink wiki site at http://legislink.wikispaces.org to add your ideas, to discuss related information, or just to stay informed about what's going on with LegisLink.
Joe Carmel is a part-time consultant and software developer hobbyist. They were previously Chief of the Legislative Computer Systems at the U.S. House of Representatives (2001-2005) and spearheaded the use of XML for the drafting of legislation, the publication of roll call votes, and the creation and maintenance of the U.S. Congressional Biographical Directory.
VoxPopuLII is edited by Judith Pratt. Editor-in-chief is Robert Richards.
There will be 10 sessions in all, comprising 24 days, with each of the competing teams to provide specially modified 2015 cars, built to a precise specification established by the FIA that simulates the performance anticipated for next year, principally including more downforce, a wider track and tyres that are 25 percent wider than at present.
Ferrari will undertake the first track tests of the new-specification rubber over two days of testing at Fiorano in August, which will be artificially dampened in order to carry out tests with intermediate and full wet tyres.
Red Bull will then put Pirelli's new slick tyres through their paces at Mugello, before Ferrari and Mercedes sample the treadless rubber in September at Barcelona and Paul Ricard respectively.
Testing will conclude with a final validation test at Abu Dhabi on 29 November, two days after the final Grand Prix of the season, during which all three teams will take part.
For reasons of sporting equality Ferrari, Red Bull and Mercedes are obliged to share all the data gathered during these tests with the other teams.
The new for 2017 tyres are expected to help cut lap times by around four seconds. The front tyre, currently 245mm wide, will increase to 305mm, while the rear will grow from 325mm to 405mm. So the new sizes for slick tyres will be 305/670-13 at the front and 405/670-13 at the rear (the total diameter will go from the current 660mm to 670mm). Wheel rim diameter remains unchanged at 13 inches.
Pirelli began testing prototype materials and structures for 2017 with a private test at Ferrari's Fiorano test track in May, during which a prototype current-size tyre was fitted to a 2014-spec Ferrari F14-T driven by Jean-Eric Vergne.
This separate programme continued with in June with Red Bull at Paul Ricard and will conclude in July with three further tests at Silverstone on July 12-13 (Mercedes), Fiorano on July 16 (Ferrari) and Vallelunga on July 18-19 (Red Bull).
Test dates for 2017-specification tyres
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use
Of all the various backup companies on the market, few have documented their work and research as thoroughly as Backblaze. The company has previously made headlines for open-sourcing both the underlying hardware design that it uses for its Storage Pods and its hard drive reliability data (the latter early this year). Now, Backblaze is opening up another facet of its operation — the implementation of its Reed-Solomon error-correcting codes.
Reed-what?
Reed-Solomon error correcting codes are a critically important underpinning of computing that you've probably never heard of. First created by Irving S. Reed and Gustave Solomon in 1960, they form the basis of error correction as it's used in a huge number of products, including CDs, DVDs, Blu-rays, QR Codes, multiple data transmission standards, broadcast television standards, and RAID 6 itself. Not every parity system in the world directly relies on Reed-Solomon, but the ideas behind Reed-Solomon are the basis for error correction.
The original algorithms describe a method of encoding data with parity. What Reed and Solomon collectively showed was that it was possible to build an effective decoder for the parity calculations that are required in order to determine if a data stream has been corrupted or not. Exactly how much parity is encoded within a transmission is highly dependent on a number of various factors — I'm not ashamed to admit that the math begins to escape me past a certain point.
Backblaze's Java implementation of Reed-Solomon is designed to preserve a Vault into 17 separate shards and to calculate three parity shards. The Storage Pod hardware is capable of processing incoming data at roughly 149MB/s, when operating on uncached data (the library and data are available from Github). Backblaze has included an example of how Reed-Solomon codes are calculated, which we've included below:
The examples below use a “4+2” coding system, where the original file is broken into 4 pieces, and then 2 parity pieces are added. In Backblaze Vaults, we use 17+3 (17 data plus three parity). The math, and the code, works for any numbers as long as you have at least one data shard and don't have more that 256 shards total.
To use Reed-Solomon, you put your data into a matrix. For computer files, each element of the matrix is one byte from the file. The bytes are laid out in a grid to form a matrix. If your data file has “ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP” in it, you can lay it out like this:
In this example, the four pieces of the file are each 4 bytes long. Each piece is one row of the matrix. The first one is “ABCD”. The second one is “EFGH”. And so on.
The Reed-Solomon algorithm creates a coding matrix that you multiply with your data matrix to create the coded data. The matrix is set up so that the first four rows of the result are the same as the first four rows of the input. That means that the data is left intact, and all it's really doing is computing the parity.
The result is a matrix with two more rows than the original. Those two rows are the parity pieces.
Each row of the coding matrix produces one row of the result. So each row of the coding matrix makes one of the resulting pieces of the file. Because the rows are independent, you can cross out two of the rows and the equation still holds.
And with those rows completely gone it looks like this:
Because of all the work that mathematicians have done over the years, we know the the coding matrix, the matrix on the left, is invertible. There is an inverse matrix that, when multiplied by the coding matrix produces the identity matrix. As in normal algebra, in matrix algebra you can multiply both sides of an equation by the same thing. In this case, we'll multiply on the left by the identity matrix:
The inverse matrix and the coding matrix cancel out.
Which leaves the equation for reconstructing the original data from the pieces that are available:
So, to make a decoding matrix, the process is to take the original coding matrix, cross out the rows for the missing pieces, and then find the inverse matrix. You can then multiply the inverse matrix and the pieces that are available to reconstruct the original data.
Backblaze hasn't clarified exactly why they're open-sourcing this section of their code, but presumably it's to offer useful data and inspiration to individuals looking to roll their own solutions — or just to get eyes and fingers on the codebase in the hopes of improving it further.
Hispanics leaving Conn. town as FBI probes complaints of police abuse, racial profiling
Santiago Malave has worked law enforcement jobs in Connecticut for more than four decades, but as a Puerto Rican, they say they cannot drive through their own town without worrying about police harassing him.
Malave, a probation officer who works in New Haven, says the racial abuse is so bad that they only crosses the town line into East Haven to go home. They and their wife are now preparing to sell their house and move, joining an exodus of Hispanics who say police have hassled them with traffic stops, false arrests and even jailhouse beatings.
The Justice Department has started a civil rights investigation, and the FBI recently opened a criminal probe. But that has not changed things on Main Street, where restaurants and stores that cater to Hispanics are going out of business.
If the goal of police was to ruin East Haven's Hispanic community, some grudgingly say they have succeeded.
“We can't tolerate the town anymore,” said Malave, 64. “For us to leave our beautiful home is something that hurts, but we can't deal with these people.”
Racial profiling allegations began swirling about two years ago in East Haven, a predominantly Italian-American seaside suburb of about 28,000 people 70 miles northeast of New York City. Hispanics make up only about 7 percent of the population, but their numbers had been growing as the peaceful, small-town setting and thriving businesses attracted newcomers from Mexico and Ecuador.
Police Chief Leonard Gallo, who is on administrative leave, has denied the allegations. The office of acting Police Chief Gaetano Nappi referred calls to Town Attorney Patricia Cofrancesco, who did not respond to phone messages seeking comment.
Hispanic business owners say police made a practice of parking outside their shops and stopping any Latinos. Some who complained say they faced retaliation.
Luis Rodriguez, an immigrant from Ecuador who owns the Los Amigos Grocery, said they were arrested two months ago and jailed for five days after a woman pointed out to police that their 3-year-old son was unsupervised on the sidewalk outside the store. They said police were out for revenge because their wife had been videotaping them. They were charged with child neglect; the case is still pending.
Meanwhile, their store is up for sale. Ecuadoreans used to travel from as far as Massachusetts for jalapenos, Ecuadorean sodas and other specialty products. But Rodriguez said police have scared customers away by threatening to alert immigration authorities if they ever saw them in town again.
“If I had known the police in East Haven are so much trouble I never would have invested so much money here,” said Rodriguez, 41, who has put more than $120,000 into the store.
The Justice Department's civil rights branch began investigating the police force in September 2009. It is still looking into alleged discriminatory policing, but it identified preliminary concerns in April over issues including outdated policies and a lack of clear guidance on the use of force.
The town's mayor, April Capone, revealed this month that the FBI was gathering evidence for potential criminal prosecutions of some of the officers. Them office declined to comment.
Dermot Lynch, a student intern with Yale Law School's Worker and Immigrant Rights Advocacy Clinic, said the problem goes beyond a few rogue officers.
“This is a systemwide leadership failure. It's going to need widespread reform,” said Lynch, whose group filed a lawsuit in October on behalf of nine immigrants who say East Haven police abused them with beatings and unwarranted use of a stun gun. It also quotes officers using ethnic slurs.
Until recently, East Haven was considered a refuge by Hispanics, a suburb with ample parking and less crime than New Haven.
Malave, who has lived here since 1977, said they never had problems before late 2008 when police responded to a report by their wife that some money was missing. The couple had begun to argue. Malave, who was asked their nationality, said police arrested them for disorderly conduct the minute they said they were born in Puerto Rico.
“I tried to talk to the sergeant, but they said, `You spics don't have rights here,'” said Malave, a former New Haven police officer.
Hispanics in East Haven say more than half their population — estimated at 1,900 by the Census Bureau — has moved away.
Mario Marin, who was at work one recent afternoon in their family's empty restaurant, La Bamba, said two of their siblings moved to nearby Waterbury and another brother returned to Ecuador. They said one brother, like other Hispanic property owners, lost a house to foreclosure after their tenants moved away.
“They destroyed our future here,” Marin said of police. They said even out-of-town diners have stopped coming since officers launched raids on the restaurant's parking lot, towing away any cars with out-of-state license plates.
Marin and others said run-ins with police have been less common since police came under federal scrutiny. But activist John Lugo of Latinos United in Action, who helped organize a march against racial profiling last year, said their group still advises Hispanics to steer clear of East Haven.
Source: AP News
Mochila insert follows…
SEOUL, South Korea — North Korea defied U.N. resolutions by firing a medium-range ballistic missile into the sea on Friday, Seoul and Washington officials said.
This comes merely days after its leader Kim Jong-un ordered weapons tests linked to its pursuit of a long-range nuclear missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland.
South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement that the missile fired from a site north of Pyongyang flew about 800 kilometers (500 miles) before crashing off the North's east coast.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff said it wasn't known what type of missile was fired, but a South Korean defense official, requesting anonymity citing department rules, said it is the first medium-range missile launched by the North since April 2014 when it fired two.
It is the first medium-range missile launched by the North since April 2014.
A senior U.S. defense official said the Pentagon can confirm the missile launch, saying it appears to be a Rodong missile fired from a road-mobile launcher. The official said the test violated multiple U.N. Security Council resolutions that ban North Korea from engaging in any ballistic and nuclear activities. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said later Friday its surveillance equipment detected the trajectory of a suspected second missile fired from a site where the North's confirmed first launch occurred. A Joint Chiefs of Staff statement said the object later disappeared from South Korean radar at an altitude of 17 kilometers (10 miles) and that it was trying to find out if a missile had been fired or something else was captured by the radar.
Friday's launch came as North Korea reacts to ongoing annual South Korean-U.S. military drills that it sees as an invasion rehearsal. The drills are the largest ever, in response to the North's nuclear test and long-range rocket launch earlier this year.
South Korean Marines and U.S. Marines take part in a joint military combined amphibious exercise in South Korea on March 12, 2016. Image: Nam-il Yoon/Sipa USA
In recent weeks, North Korea threatened pre-emptive nuclear strikes against Washington and Seoul and test-fired short-range missiles and artillery into the sea in response to tough U.N. sanctions imposed over its nuclear test and rocket launch. The North says it needs nuclear weapons to cope with what it calls U.S. military threats.
On Tuesday, North Korea's state media said Kim had ordered tests soon of a nuclear warhead and ballistic missiles capable of carrying warheads. Kim issued that order while overseeing a successful simulated test of a re-entry vehicle aimed at returning a nuclear warhead into the atmosphere from space so it could hit its intended target, according to the North's Korean Central News Agency.
It is likely that Friday's launch was a test of a re-entry vehicle.
Taewoo Kim, a military expert at the South's Konyang University, said it is likely that Friday's launch was a test of a re-entry vehicle.
Some analysts had earlier predicted the North might fire a missile carrying an empty warhead, which contain trigger devices but lack plutonium or uranium, to see if this warhead's parts can survive the high pressure and temperatures upon re-entry into the atmosphere and if they could detonate at the right time.
Outside experts said it is a key remaining technology that North Korea must master to achieve its goal of developing a long-range missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. South Korean defense officials said earlier this week that North Korea had yet to develop the re-entry technology, so it still does not have a functioning intercontinental ballistic missile.
It was not clear if Friday's launch was meant to test a re-entry vehicle or other weapons technologies or was just intended as a show of force against Washington and Seoul.
The South Korean defense official said Seoul has no immediate plans to try to retrieve debris of the missile that appeared to have landed in the waters side Japan's air defense identification zone. They said South Korea did not retrieve missile parts after the North's 2014 launches.
North Korea is thought to have a small arsenal of atomic bombs, but South Korean officials and many outside experts say they are not small enough to place on missiles that can strike faraway targets.
Analyst Lee Choon Geun at South Korea's state-funded Science and Technology Policy Institute said the North can probably place nuclear warheads on its shorter-range Scuds and medium-range Rodong missiles, which would put South Korea and Japan under its striking range. Other analysts question that.
The North began to develop ballistic missiles in the 1970s by reverse-engineering Soviet Scuds.
The North began to develop ballistic missiles in the 1970s by reverse-engineering Soviet-made Scuds it acquired from Egypt. After several failures it put its first satellite into space aboard a long-range rocket launched in December 2012. Its second successful satellite launch occurred this February. The U.N., the U.S. and others say the launches were a banned test of missile technology. Ballistic missiles and rockets used for satellite launches share similar bodies, engines and other technology.
Experts say a militarized version of the rocket the North used to put its second satellite into orbit in February would potentially have the range to reach the U.S. mainland. However, there are questions as none of North Korea's possible candidates for an intercontinental ballistic missile have been tested "end-to-end," from launch through re-entry and warhead delivery, to show they actually work.
The Korean Peninsula officially remains in a state of war as the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty. The U.S. deploys about 28,500 troops in South Korea as deterrence against potential aggression from North Korea.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Happy Valentine's Day! Gathering Magic would like to present you with special Planeswalker Valentine's cards, crafted by the amazing artist Polish Tamales. You have 365 days a year to be cynical but let's minus that by one and spend today reveling in the cuteness. Just for you, a Magical Valentine's Card to print out, post on your best friend's face book or tweet to your sweetums. Maybe simply send yourself a Valentine and remind yourself why you are magical, because you are magical. You are magical to me.
We've included the PDF versions (Set 1 and Set 2) of the Valentine's Day cards to download and print as well.
If you liked these Valentine's cards you can find more art from Polish Tamales by following him:
Be kind each to the other
XOXO
@RevisedAngel
Latest news
Year:
Writers:
Publisher:
Amazon:
Review by:
Rating:
2011Variousagentorange9 out of 10Brave New Worlds is one of the best primers of dystopian literature you'll find on shelves today. A perfect blend of classic and contemporary short stories about government control, technological subjugation and corporate espionage, each story offers a unique position on how we're so apt to allow entities to control us... for our own good, of course.When I first got the 500 page book in the mail I was worried I wouldn't have time to read it before it gets released in January. But once I started I found I couldn't put it down. Once again, it would seem that editor John Joseph Adams knows how to pick 'em.Of course, Brave New Worlds won major points right off the bat for featuring Shirley Jackson's 1948 classic "The Lottery" as the opening story. This story was my first introduction to the scary idea of a dystopian society. It was taught in schools along with "Lord of the Flies" when I was a kid and it still holds up as a simple, yet elegant look at our propensity to hand control of our liberty over because of superstition and fear.This theme pops up in each story that follows regardless of what the story is about. In Joseph Paul Heine's "Ten with a Flag," our quest to know everything about our children before they are born has led to a world where that knowledge determines our social standing. In Philip K. Dick's "Minority Report" our desire for a crime-free world has led us to forget that the justice system is based on the concept of innocent until proven guilty.I think the thing that keeps me coming back to stories about dystopias is the interplay between utopias and dystopias and the idea that you can't have one without the other. In Ursula K. Le Guin's "The ones who walk away from Omelas," the utopian city of Omelas has a secret - a child kept prisoner underground. The citizens of the town all know he's there, starving in the dark, but most are able to surpress the thought and enjoy what thay have. Those who can't are "the ones who walk away." Of course Le Guin's story is a metaphore, but it's all about this idea that there can never be a utopia of full equality... because if everyone's equal, chances are you've got yourself a dystopia, like the one that is developed in Neil Gaiman's "From Homogenous to Honey" where equality equals no identity allowed (another inclusion that wins this book major points.Probably my favourite story in the book is S.L. Gilbow's "Red Card" which imagines a world in which everyone is allowed to murder one person, as long as they have a card submitted by the government. You're not supposed to tell anyone if you have a card though, so you can imagine the kind of paranoid world that creates.Night Shade Books has been making a name for itself with a number of recent anthologies, most notably the post apocalyptic books, The Living Dead I & 2 review ) and Wastelands review ). Personally I think they've hit another home run with Brave New Worlds, so check it out this January 25, 2011. Shirley JacksonS. L. GilbowJoseph Paul HainesUrsula K. Le GuinM. RickertKate WilhelmO Geoff RymanCharles Coleman FinlayNeil Gaiman & Bryan TalbotJ. G. BallardCarrie VaughnPaolo BacigalupiJames MorrowAlex IrvineRay BradburyCory DoctorowCaitlin R. KiernanGeoff RymanHarlan Ellison (R)Genevieve ValentineSarah LanganKim Stanley RobinsonMatt WilliamsonPhilip K. DickHeather LindsleyKurt Vonnegut, Jr.Robert SilverbergOrson Scott CardJeremiah TolbertJoe MastroianniAdam-Troy CastroTobias S. BuckellVylar Kaftan
Barton has also criticised the FA for what they say is a "dependence on betting companies"
The Football Association says Joey Barton's 18-month suspension from all football activities was "the shortest possible" ban it could have imposed after they breached rules on gambling.
In the written reasons explaining Wednesday's decision, the FA revealed Barton placed 1,260 bets worth £205,172, at a loss of £16,708.
The 34-year-old Burnley midfielder has admitted they are addicted to gambling.
But the FA said a "dismissive attitude to the rules" was also a factor.
"His addiction may have distorted their thinking in part, but it is not a competed answer for this continued conduct," the FA said.
The governing body acknowledged Barton's "difficulties are compounded by the fact betting is 'everywhere' in sport".
It also said it accepted their betting was "not calculated to make money" which it said "mitigates the gravity of their offending" and that they were not trying to "fix" matches.
"I am not a cheat, I have never tried to influence a game," Barton was quoted as saying.
However, it concluded that "the shortest possible sanction to reflect the totality of their betting breaches was a suspension from football and footballing activity for a period of 18 months".
How was the sanction decided?
The FA said that "for a single bet placed on a participant's own team to lose" its guidelines suggest that a fine and a suspension of six months to life is "appropriate".
Barton placed 15 bets on their own team to lose.
However, the FA said it had not simply calculated the total sanction by multiplying each breach with the suggested ban of six months.
After a hearing that lasted seven hours which "would not have been out of place before the High Court", it said it reached a conclusion that was "reasonable, proportionate and fair".
How much did Barton bet?
How were the bets discovered?
According to the FA, gambling company Betfair - with which Barton was a registered user - contacted them via email in September 2016, highlighting a potential breach of FA rules.
Betfair provided a spreadsheet of Barton's online gambling activity with them, and the FA's investigation was started.
However, Barton was first in breach of the FA's rules on players gambling over the 2005-06 season, when they were a Manchester City player.
In 2012, the FA wrote a letter to them highlighting concerns over them tweeting "predictions" for matches.
Barton tweeted in response that "according to the FA, I am not allowed to give my opinion on results", describing the body as "so out of touch with reality it is untrue".
The pattern of betting since released shows that Barton was gambling on matches they were not allowed to.
But it would appear the FA was not aware of this activity until it was contacted by Betfair.
What's next for Barton?
Barton plans to appeal against the length of the suspension, which they have called "excessive".
Their manager at Burnley, Sean Dyche has confirmed that Barton will not be offered a new contract in the summer if the ban remains in place.
The ex-England international was in their second spell at Turf Moor before the ban, having helped the Clarets reach the Premier League in the 2015-16 season.
Lena Dunham is not happy that Donald Trump has named Breitbart's Steve Bannon as their chief strategist and senior counsel. They posted a video to their Instagram account today in which they leaf Speaker Paul Ryan a voicemail, telling him, “I wanted to leave a message to let you know how disappointed so many of us are in the appointment of Steve Bannon.” They encourage their followers to do the same, leaving their phone number in their caption.
Leaving a quick v-mail for Paul Ryan. You can too! 202-225-3031 📞 A video posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Nov 14, 2016 at 12:59pm PST
The Girls creator and star continues, “I'm not sure you're really going to listen to this, but I hope you do, because I want to let you know that as a woman, as a Jew, as a person who cares about other human beings, people of color, the idea of pointing an anti-Semitic white supremacist…” They get cut off before she's done leaving the message.
When the voicemail system asks them if she's satisfied with the message they say, “No, I'm not actually satisfied with my recording.”
[image via screen grab]
Follow Dana Eisenberg on Twitter.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
by Brett Stevens on August 11, 2012
When you design a values system, you will eventually come to a “mission statement” or goal that is not a list.
At first, you get lists. When you begin the planning process, you write down all the items you want at the end of the event. Soon it becomes clear they converge on a single method.
This method becomes the pivot point of your new endeavor. It's the single idea on which everything else turns. It is also the short synopsis that forms the basis of how you explain it to others.
The modern era came about through the gradual evolution of such an idea. It was not clear at first; people stopped trusting social institutions, and culture, and wanted to make their own decisions.
In itself, that is not a problem.
In implication, because all ideas snowball as they gather momentum, it was a terrible mistake. It gradually came into focus as the idea of individual decision replacing everything else.
First they came for the monarchs because no one man should be elevated above others as represented through laws, regulations and courts.
Next they came for the aristocrats because no person should be elevated through hereditary ability, as that is inequal and makes us all feel bad.
Finally the crusade has narrowed. It has become literally: anyone who has more or has more abilities than me.
The pivot point of this system has evolved from “make your own decisions” to “every decision is equally true.” This is relativism, pluralism and pacifism all at once: we get along if we each can have our own reality and these never come into conflict.
That primary goal — avoiding conflict — has now eclipsed everything else. To shy away from clashes, we accept contradictory things as simultaneously true.
In doing so, we have had to give up our foolish notions of working together. We cannot, since we don't agree. If small groups form who agree on non-herd views, they are dangerous to the integrity of the group.
As a result, we have created a pivot point that empowers the oldest and most dangerous of the mental traps into which humans can fall.
Since we are blessed with these huge brains, we are tempted to confuse the device through which we perceive the world, namely our brains, with the world itself.
Normally, we reign ourselves in by socializing with other people, conducting experiments with reality itself, or reading from books in order to affirm what we know of reality.
But now reality is truly optional. Any view of it is legitimate. As our pivot evolves, it comes to include socialism, or the idea that society should support us in our choices, no matter what the outcome. There is no failure anymore.
This has created a situation where we have legitimized projection. Reality is what you want it to be. In fact, we do not even need reality; we only need to want, desire, consumption and control.
Since we are in a mode of feeling entitled to project, our default treatment of others is abusive. What do they need? — who cares, it's about what we need and want to think.
We treat family members and coworkers as extensions of ourselves. The consequences to them are irrelevant. What matters is how they make us feel, and if they make us feel bad, how to force them to stop.
What started as a simple idea — that we as individuals wanted more power — has become a destructive pivot point, which is that all power rests in the individual and none in reality itself.
When we wonder why we cannot make decisions, such as whether global warming is real or how to handle our foreign policy, the roots of it are in our adoption of this pivot point.
To the voters, reality is not real. What matters is how this “reality” can be construed to make the voters feel good. And thus we gloss over the difficult and look for the easy scores.
Many people are getting nervous, and expecting our society to detonate in a violent collision between forces. It is more likely that it faces a grimmer fate.
Lacking any ability to perceive a common ground, we will not clash with ourselves, but drift apart, each in their or their own little reality like a bubble floating on the breeze.
At some point, nothing will work any longer, but we will not notice, as we will have projected uplifting feelings on it and edited it out of our consciousness, up until the last moment.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
SATNAV VENDOR Tomtom has previewed an Android navigation app for Android offering features that rival the freely available Google Maps.
Tomtom has suffered considerably as users have moved to smartphones that feature free navigation software. Now the firm has previewed an Android app that uses maps stored on the device to provide navigation and traffic data.
According to Tomtom, its Android application will use its IQ Routes and HD Traffic technology to provide users with fast and accurate route and arrival times. The firm also said it will use maps stored on the Android device, which could be a problem for phones that lack removable storage.
Corinne Vigreux, managing director at Tomtom said, "We aim to make TomTom content and services available to as many devices and platforms as we can. Bringing TomTom navigation to Android smartphones is, therefore, a significant milestone for us."
Despite Tomtom's brand and the undeniable advantage of having maps stored on the device, the simple fact is the majority of consumers get 'good enough' service from Google Maps on Android, while Nokia's mapping software is also highly praised. Unless Tomtom can pitch its Android app at fire-sale prices, it's hard to see how the company can compete with the free alternatives.
Tomtom said it will reveal more details and pricing closer to the app's launch, which it said will be in October. µ
NEW DELHI: The government has slashed import tariff value on gold to $375 per 10 grams and silver to $512 per kg following weak global price trends.During the first fortnight of the month, the tariff value on imported gold was fixed at $393 per 10 grams and on silver at $549 per kg.The import tariff value is the base price at which customs duty is determined to prevent under-invoicing. It is revised on a fortnightly basis taking into account global prices.The decrease in tariff value on imported gold has been notified by the Central Board of Excise and Customs, according to an official statement released late on Friday night.Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, declined from a high of $1,162 per ounce and is currently ruling at $1,158.60 per ounce.Silver too has dropped to $15.64 per ounce. In February, gold imports had jumped by 49 percent to $1.98 billion as compared to the year-ago period, while silver shipments contracted by 60.47 percent to $121.42 million in the same period.Gold is the second-largest import item for India after petroleum. Higher gold import bill adversely affects the country's current account deficit (CAD).The government has been repeatedly asking people to desist from buying gold and instead invest in other saving instruments.
In a bill aimed at encouraging asylum seekers to leave voluntarily, Austrian lawmakers are considering halting the provision of food and accommodation to migrants who are denied asylum and refuse to leave the country.
Austria took in roughly 90,000 asylum seekers in 2015, more than 1 percent of its population, as it was swept up in Europe's migration crisis when hundreds of thousands of people crossed its borders, most on their way to Germany. As Reuters notes, it has since tightened immigration restrictions and helped shut down the route through the Balkans by which almost all those people - many of them fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and elsewhere - arrived. Asylum applications fell by more than half last year.
Asylum seekers in Austria get so-called basic services, including free accommodation, food, access to medical treatment and 40 euros ($42.41) pocket money a month.
But now, Austria's centrist coalition government on Tuesday agreed on a draft law which would allow authorities to stop providing accommodation and food to rejected asylum seekers who refuse to leave the country.
“The first thing is basically that they don't get anything from the Austrian state if they don't have the right to stay here. Is that so hard to understand?”
As Politico reports, Interior Minister Wolfgang Sobotka said, said the law, which will need approval by parliament, was designed to encourage rejected asylum seekers to leave voluntarily.
According to the minister, some 4,000 people receive basic services but should have left the country. Of those, around half could be affected if the law is passed because they are deemed healthy enough to travel to their home countries.
Most rejected asylum seekers in Austria in 2016 were from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria. Asylum applicants who lie about their identities face a €5,000 fine or three weeks in jail.
The Austrian office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said the bill was "highly questionable" and urged lawmakers to think hard about agreeing to it.
Donald Trump may have offended plenty of people with their presidential campaign rhetoric, but even the presumptive Republican presidential nominee's foulest language is no match for the harsh words spouted by one of Trump's oldest and most loyal servants.
Mother Jones revealed Thursday that Anthony Senecal, Trump's former butler, has authored several hateful — and vulgar — Facebook rants against Barack Obama, accusing the president of being a Muslim and a “kenyan fraud,” among other things, and calling for them to be killed.
One of several facebook posts by Donald Trump's former butler Anthony Senecal calling for President Obama to be killed. (Photo via Facebook) More
When questioned by Mother Jones about the caustic screed, Senecal confirmed, “I wrote that. I believe that.”
While a Trump campaign spokesperson told the magazine, “this individual has not worked at Mar-a-Lago for many years,” Senecal's LinkedIn page states they have been the Palm Beach estate's historian from May 2009 to present, “Continuing in a position created by Donald J Trump, the owner of the Mar-a-Lago Estate/Club,” according to their page.
Trump spokesperson Hope Hicks later repudiated Senecal's sentiments in a statement published by CNN and other news outlets Thursday afternoon.
“Tony Senecal has not worked at Mar-a-Lago for years, but nevertheless, we totally and completely disavow the horrible statements made by them regarding the president,” Hicks stated.
Anthony Senecal smiles alongside longtime former boss Donald Trump. (Photo via Facebook) More
In March, Senecal was the subject of a New York Times profile that offered unique insight into Trump's world through the man who served them for nearly three decades. In the Times story — which also described Senecal's transition, at Trump's insistence, from Mar-a-Lago butler to unofficial historian following their retirement 2009 — is filled with details both fascinating and banal about the presidential hopeful, from their preference for rock-hard steak to their penchant for white lies and exaggerations.
Based on Senecal's references to Trump as “the king” and anecdotes such as one about the time they hired a bugler to play “Hail to the Chief” to lift their boss' spirits, the Times story suggests that the former butler has long been ready for a Trump White House. The piece also alluded to Senecal's contempt for Democratic rival candidate Hillary Clinton, simply noting that during their interview with the paper, Senecal “offered a profane description for Mrs. Clinton, the frontrunner in the Democratic presidential race.”
Senecal's latest Facebook post, published by Mother Jones on Thursday, offers a clue as to what that description may have been.
“I cannot believe that a common murder [sic] is even allowed to run (killery clinton),” reads one line in the post that is laced with expletives and exclamation points.
The Mother Jones story includes screenshots of several other threatening posts dating back more than a year, including one from April 21, 2015, in which Senecal — who reportedly admitted to having been suspended from Facebook in the past — declares that Obama “needs to be hung for treason!!!”
Following the rapid circulation of the Mother Jones report Thursday afternoon, NBC Politics reporter Alexandra Jaffe tweeted a statement from the Secret Service regarding Senecal's calls for the president's execution. “The U.S. Secret Service is aware of this matter and will conduct the appropriate investigation,” the statement reads.
Continue reading
The stand by Senate Democrats, including Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, on retired coal miners' benefits might augur similar tactics to come on behalf of working-class voters, with an eye toward their 2018 re-elections. (Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call file photo)
It's no secret that politics were in play as Senate Democrats who are on the ballot in 2018, many from states carried by Donald Trump, staged a shutdown showdown to highlight the plight of coal miners from states like West Virginia.
Sen. Joe Manchin III, the Mountain State's senior senator, worked hard to hold up the continuing resolution that extended funding for federal agencies and programs through April 28 in a bid to get concessions on health care benefits for retired miners and their widows — the kind of folks who helped President-elect Donald Trump win the election.
And Democrats have begun to signal they will employ similar tactics on other policy issues affecting working-class voters, a demographic they must win back to improve their chances in the 2018 midterm elections, and if they hope to win back the White House in 2020.
At the same time, two of the Democratic incumbents who took part in the showdown may be under consideration for Cabinet positions in the Trump administration. If Trump follows through, that could improve the odds of replacing them in the Senate with a Republican in 2018, or sooner.
Manchin is one of the Democratic incumbents who's likely in for a hard fight in 2018. Trump won West Virginia by more than 42 points, appealing to the state's down-on-their-luck working-class population, many of them registered Democrats who felt abandoned by the party.
“I rise today fighting for the working men and women that we all use in our commercials. Every one of us goes out and basically tries to attract working men and women to vote for us because we say we're coming here to fight for you,” Manchin said last Friday on the Senate floor, with members of the United Mine Workers in the visitors' gallery. “Every one of us have done those ads. Every one of us.”
The CR ultimately passed the Senate 63-36 late last Friday, with President Barack Obama moving quickly to sign it into law, averting a lapse in government funding, which was set to expire at midnight.
A futile effort?
The Manchin-led effort to get more than four months of health care benefits for retired miners and their widows had no real chance of success, with the House having already adjourned for the year after passing the stopgap funding bill the day before.
Manchin was fairly straightforward when asked by a reporter about the politics of the gambit last Friday evening. That was after they and other coal-state Democrats had agreed with their party's Senate leaders that they would not block the continuing resolution.
“I sure don't think it hurts from that standpoint,” Manchin said, when asked if their push for miners' health care could help their 2018 re-election bid. “What did you expect? Why did you think I was standing there? I'm born in Farmington, West Virginia. I'm born with coal mines all around me. I'm born in a family of coal miners, and if I'm not going to stand up for them, who is?”
The politics of the Democrats' stand was apparent to everyone. When Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn was asked about a possible re-election motive, the Texas Republican responded sarcastically.
“You think there's politics involved?” they said.
The Democratic Caucus had decided last Thursday at a meeting in the Lyndon B. Johnson room to use the government funding deadline to press the miners' health care issue, without actually going far enough to get the blame for a shutdown, a senior Senate Democratic aide said late last Friday.
Hours after the Thursday meeting, supportive Democrats took their fight to the lawn along the East Front of the Capitol building for a press conference.
The scene was almost made for TV, complete with an illuminated Capitol dome in the background.
The senators stood in the bitter cold, without coats, to make their case.
Two dozen coal miners gathered behind them, with one holding a large West Virginia flag that flapped in the wind. One by one, the senators stood at the podium to say that they weren't backing down, and that they would fight for the miners and would prevail.
“Nobody's saying, ‘Shut the government down,'” Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown, a member of the group pushing for a full year of miners' benefits, told CNN last Friday. “We're just saying, ‘Don't go home yet, don't leave for the holidays and enjoy our holidays while these mine worker retirees are worried about whether they're going to have insurance three weeks from now.'”
2018 positioning
Brown and Manchin, like fellow Democrats Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Claire McCaskill of Missouri, took leading roles in the standoff that also involved a blanket blockade on consent to routine business.
They're all up for re-election in 2018, should they choose to run. Manchin and Heitkamp are said to be seriously in the mix for Cabinet appointments in the incoming Trump administration, moves that would come with the benefit of removing incumbents that might be tougher to beat from the 2018 playing field.
Manchin is scheduled to meet Monday with the president-elect at Trump Tower in New York. Heitkamp was there Dec. 2. Both are said to be in the running for Energy secretary.
And all are top targets for Republicans, particularly given decisive Trump victories in their states.
“Sen. Sherrod Brown has officially launched an election-focused rebranding effort to soften their longstanding anti-coal record after witnessing the crushing defeat of retread Ted Strickland which included Sen. Portman earning several union endorsements like the United Mine Workers of America,” National Republican Senatorial Committee spokesperson Alleigh Marré said in a statement last Friday.
In 2016, Portman touted their support from mine workers, and they were one of several Republican senators who supported the push for a better health care guarantee as part of the CR or previous bills on the floor like the bipartisan medical research package known as the 21st Century Cures Act.
GOP response
Brown was perhaps the Democrat most vocal about their doubts whether Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Appropriations Chairman Harold Rogers, both Kentucky Republicans, had been assertive enough in pushing for better health benefits for the miners.
“Would I have preferred that provision to be more generous? Of course, I would have,” McConnell said, noting that Kentucky has a number of retired coal miners and their families under threat of losing retirement benefits. “My request to the House was that we funded it for a whole year.”
House leadership did not agree to the full-year patch, Republican aides said. The limited provision also prompted opposition from some Republicans from coal states, like West Virginia's Shelley Moore Capito.
Capito did not appear with the Democrats at their outdoor news conference last Thursday, but following passage of the CR (which they voted for, after debate was limited), their office released a letter to Trump calling for them to make the full Miner Protection Act a priority.
“As you no doubt saw during your visit to West Virginia earlier this year, coal miners are hardworking men and women at the core of our state's communities. Coal mine retirees spent decades producing the energy that has powered America's economy,” Capito wrote. “They did so with the promise that health care coverage and a modest pension would await them in retirement.”
Bridget Bowman and Jennifer Shutt contributed to this report.
Correction | Due to an editing error, an earlier version of this story incorrectly mentioned that a vacant Senate seat in North Dakota would be filled by a gubernatorial appointment. It would be filled by a special election. (If occurring within 95 days of the expiration of that Senate term, no election may be held.)
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android.
This article was peer reviewed by Adrian Sandu, Giulio Mainardi and Tom Hodgins. Thanks to all of SitePoint's peer reviewers for making SitePoint content the best it can be!
We are all familiar with using media queries in CSS to change the appearance of an element based on screen width. Element queries are similar to media queries, however, now the responsive conditions apply to individual elements on a web page instead of the viewport. For example, you can now apply different style rules to an element based on its own width, the number of characters that it contains or how much the user has scrolled.
Why Do We Need Element Queries?
--ADVERTISEMENT--
As I mentioned in the introduction, element queries can help you style elements based on a number of properties instead of just the width and height of the viewport. Other than that, there are a few other situations where the library can prove to be of great use.
Let's say you have just created a beautiful responsive layout where all the elements fit together perfectly. Now, you are asked to add another column to the web page alongside existing ones. This will reduce the space available for all columns.
Your images and text which had perfect proportions for an 800px wide column on 1366px wide viewport may not look so good inside a 600px wide column on the same viewport. In such cases, the viewport width has not changed at all but individual columns are narrower because they had to make space for the sidebar. Using element queries instead of media queries in situations like this one can save you a lot of time because you won't have to rewrite the CSS every time there is a change in the layout.
In the following demo, if we have a smaller viewport (narrower than 500px), we set the image width to 100% and move it all into a single column. However, on a larger viewport, if you click on the “Add Sidebar” button, the width of our main column reduces significantly without any change in viewport width. Therefore, the image looks too small because the viewport width has not changed.
See the Pen Adding More Columns to a Layout by SitePoint (@SitePoint) on CodePen.
Now, let's assume you are creating a widget or plugin and you are using media queries to make it responsive. The problem here is that the widget can be inside a container whose width is equal to the viewport or a container whose width is just one-fourth of the viewport. If the width of the widget depends on the width of its container, relying on the size of the viewport to style it properly won't work. Element queries can now come to the rescue! Element queries can work well here because they use the widget's own width to style it.
In the image below, the same widget has been placed twice on a web page. You can see that the viewport width is the same but the width of these two widgets is different. Since the style rules are being applied based on the width of widget, both of them fit perfectly in the layout.
Using element queries, the responsive conditions for an element become independent of the page layout. Therefore, you can create and style components like navigation bars and tables without worrying about surrounding elements. This means that a pricing table created for website A can be used directly in website B. It can be of immense help when you are creating templates.
Getting Started with EQCSS
To use element queries in your projects, you will have to include EQCSS.js in your HTML. You can download the file from their GitHub repository or link directly to the minified file hosted on CDNjs.
The plugin supports all modern browsers including IE9 and above. If you intend to support IE8, you will also have to include a polyfill in your project. The polyfill needs to be included before the actual plugin.
<!‐‐[if lt IE 9]> <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/eqcss/1.4.0/EQCSS-polyfills.min.js"></script> <![endif]‐‐> <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/eqcss/1.4.0/EQCSS.min.js"></script>
Once you have included the necessary files, you can start using EQCSS in your projects. There are two ways to do so. The easier one is to just write EQCSS in your regular CSS inside <style> or <link> tags. The other method is to separately include EQCSS styles inside a <script> tag with a custom type like this:
<script type=text/eqcss> /* Put your EQCSS here */ </script> or <script type="text/eqcss" src="path/to/styles.eqcss"></script>
By default, the script executes and calculates all the styles once the content loads and after that, on resize and scroll events. Starting from version 1.2, the plugin has also started listening to input , click , mouseup and mousemove events as well. For scroll events, if the query is applied to either the body or html , the scroll event is attached to the window . In other cases, the scroll event is attached to the element specified in the query.
If you need to recalculate the styles based on any other event, you can call EQCSS.apply() .
Writing Element Queries
The syntax of element queries closely resembles that of media queries. For example, each element query begins with @element followed by at least one selector that the styles are applied to.
@element {selector} and {condition} { /* All your valid CSS */ }
The image in the first demo that I created above could be made to fill the width of our container completely using the following query:
@element ".content" and (max-width: 480px) { .content img { width: 100%; } }
With the above query, as soon as the width of our content goes below 480px, all the images inside it are set to have a width of 100%. The only problem now is that EQCSS recalculates styles only when the browser resizes or there is a click or scroll event. In our case, we will have to call EQCSS.apply() inside our “click” event for the button. Here is a demo to show how well our image adapts to the addition of another column (you might need to reduce the size of your SitePoint window if the element still isn't below 480px):
See the Pen Managing More Columns with EQCSS by SitePoint (@SitePoint) on CodePen.
Conditions inside element queries are not limited to the width and height of the element. You can also style an element based on the number of characters inside it. One example that comes to mind is the card based layout on SitePoint's homepage. All the cards under the featured section have the same width and height but the length of the card's title can vary. When the title is too long to fit inside the card, you can use EQCSS to reduce its font size:
@element ".card h2" and (min-characters: 50) { $this { font-size: 1em; } }
See the Pen Card Layout With Headings by SitePoint (@SitePoint) on CodePen.
Some of you might have noticed that I used $this instead of .card h2 here. That's because using .card h2 will change the font size of all card headings and $this will only change the font size of headings that have more characters than the specified limit. Other selectors similar to $this are $parent , $prev and $next . All these selectors are collectively called meta-selectors.
Using Element Queries
Before deciding to give element queries a shot, SitePoint readers will likely want to know how the plugin actually works so they can decide for themselves if it is the right solution for their project (and understand how to avoid using it incorrectly). Here's what it's up to behind the scenes:
It loops through all element queries and finds the elements targeted by each query. After that, it loops through all those elements and assigns a unique identifier in the form of an attribute to each of them. The format of that identifier is data-eqcss-{element-query-index}-{matched-element-index} . To identify the parent of an element, a data attribute is added to the parent which is obtained by adding -parent to the element's identifier. Similar attributes are also added to the previous and next sibling. Finally, each element and its query is matched against all the possible conditions like min-height , max-height , min-scroll-x and so on to apply proper styles to it.
The styles are added inside the <head> of the document. Throttling ensures that EQCSS.apply() is not called more than once every 200ms (the default timeout value). Unlike resize, input and click events, scroll events are only listened on elements which are using a scroll element query.
Since the styles for different elements are computed using JavaScript, this means that the performance depends on the number of elements to which the styles are being applied. With too many elements, there is noticeable lag in both Firefox and Edge. The performance has improved in the latest versions of Firefox and is expected to get better in future.
Ideally, the plugin should be adding one or two EQCSS data attributes per element. If you are not using them carefully, you might end up with a single element having tens of EQCSS attributes which will make the markup very messy. You don't want your markup to end up like this image:
Please keep in mind that you don't have to add any of these attributes manually in your original HTML. They are added automatically by the plugin at the time it runs.
Debugging element queries is a bit difficult compared to debugging media queries. At present, browsers are only aware of media queries — not element queries, so they only know about the styles that EQCSS has applied.
After reading about all these features, it might be tempting to completely replace media queries with element queries. Please avoid doing so. Firstly, media queries will run faster than element queries, as they rely on JavaScript to compute the styles. Using too many element queries can cause your site's performance to take a dive (in Firefox and IE).
(As a side note: In 2015, the plugin worked smoothly in Firefox. However, at the start of 2016, they made some changes in the browser which resulted in the performance drop of the plugin and the developers had to add EQCSS.throttle() to the library to control how often the plugin recomputes the styles.
Secondly, media queries are not used just to style elements on a screen. They are also used to provide styles for other media types and features. As one example of this — you still need media queries to dictate the styles applied to a web page for printing.
Conclusion
EQCSS is a great tool when used properly. It helps you do a lot of things that are not possible with media queries. Performance can be an issue when there are a lot of elements on a web page but on the plus side, the syntax is similar to media queries so the learning curve isn't too steep.
In future, browsers may gain features like ResizeObserver which will help the developers create better plugins for the min-width , max-width , min-height , and max-height conditions and Houdini which will let them add support directly into the browser. The developers will be working on creating a plugin which will take advantage of all these features but they plan to continue supporting the current EQCSS plugin too. Their aim is to develop a family of plugins which each suit the specific browsers we are looking to support.
What's your opinion about this library? Have you used it in any of your projects? Let us know in the comments.
In June of 1975, the investigations into the CIA that would eventually be summarized in the Church Committee reports were already underway, spurred in large part by the shocking claims made in Seymour Hersh's journalism. But the public did not yet know the extent of CIA misdeeds. Many Americans were curious and suspicious. But confirmed facts were hard to come by, and some people thought that they shouldn't come out at all, as the New York Times reported:
Do even select members of Congress need to poke into every nook and cranny of the country's intelligence operations? This is the heart of the debate now raging in Washington in response to the report of the Rockefeller Commission on its investigation of the C.I.A. The same questions will underly the investigations of two Congressional committees, one in the House of Representatives, the other in the Senate. A substantial portion of the public believes that too much information on the intelligence agency has already come out. These critics say that every new publicized detail serves to weaken national security and unnecessarily expose intelligence operations to foreign governments.
Some members of the public were reassured that they had all the information they needed by Vice President Nelson Rockefeller, whose characterizations are captured in this Associated Press article:
Vice President Nelson A. Rockefeller said today their commission's five-month investigation of the Central Intelligence Agency has uncovered instances of wrongdoing but no pattern of widespread illegality. "There are things which are in contradiction to the statutes," Rockefeller said, "but in comparison to the total effort, they are not major."
The vice president told newsmen they doubted that either President Ford or the public would be shocked by the contents of the 350 page report which the 8-member commission will deliver to the President on Friday. "That doesn't mean that there haven't been things done that were wrong and ... we recommend extensive steps to be taken to prevent it in the future," Rockefeller said. "I think you're going to be surprised and pleased by the comprehensive nature of the material that's in here."
If all of this is sounding quite familiar, you won't be surprised to learn that the executive branch's characterizations were challenged as misleading by a senator pushing for transparency.
They aren't able to give Americans all the details yet -- but their corrective message was perfectly clear. The New York Times reported:
Though they offer no details, Mr. Church has clearly known the worst of the assassination story for some time now and never hesitated to cast it in the gravest moral terms. When Vice President Rockefeller declared two weeks ago that the C.I.A.'s transgressions were "not major," Senator Church responded that their committee had hard evidence of assassination planning. "I don't regard murder plots as a minor matter," they said. "Ours is not a wicked country and we cannot abide a wicked government."
"You know, they're trying to compare it now with the idea of doing away with Hitler in the late thirties," they went on the other day. "But we were dealing here with little countries who couldn't possibly menace the United States, whose leaders were simply inconvenient -- nuisances! If we're going to lay claim to being a civilized country we must make certain that no agency of our government can be licensed to murder. The President of the United States cannot become a glorified godfather."
I don't think Church, an Idaho Democrat, would've liked President Obama much. But they sure would've liked Senator Ron Wyden. Of course, the fact that Church was right back then and Rockefeller was misleading Americans doesn't automatically mean the same is true today.
But if you're someone who can't conceive of senior executive-branch officials egregiously misleading Americans to obscure the extent of clandestine abuses -- or serious misdeeds, including illegal behavior and even premeditated murder, perpetrated by people laboring in secret to protect America -- know that they happened before. If you can't conceive of America being safe after an intrusive Congressional investigation of clandestine practices, or the executive branch and the press over-hyping the danger of such an inquiry, know that it happened before too.
WORCESTER was "exceedingly gritty and salty" and Durham was "disappointingly bland", but none came close to the horror of the "foul, sickly sweet" Wakefield.
When Lawrence Edmonds agreed to a bet to lick every Anglican cathedral in the UK, they had little idea of what taste to expect. After travelling more than 5000 miles on their quest, which began in January last year, they have become quite the connoisseur.
"Not only is Lichfield Cathedral quite tasty: it is also an incredibly attractive building," they write on their blog, which is a testament to their appreciation of ecclesiastical architecture as much as its flavour. Mr Lawrence, a 26-year-old employee of English Heritage, said that they were stunned by the "complex and beautiful" fan-vaulting at Gloucester Cathedral, and moved by the way in which they sensed that Coventry Cathedral "exudes an atmosphere of forgiveness" ("I just hope that that they will forgive me for licking it").
Apart from encounters with burly security men, bemused tourists ("If you can count on one nationality to be up for taking a photo of you licking an ecclesiastical building, it's the Dutch") and an unimpressed attendant at Chelmsford, Mr Edmonds hopes that their endeavours will help "promote the outstanding cathedrals we have in this country".
Having safely licked all 42 cathedrals in England - Mr Edmonds "tongued" York Minster this month - they have until 16 December to tackle the 20 in the rest of the UK. The author of the bet, their flatmate, Adam Drury, is hoping that the Cathedral of the Isles, on the Isle of Cumbrae, proves a bridge too far. If Mr Edmonds succeeds, Mr Drury will pay the forfeit of a streak outside York Minster on a cold winter's day.
A half-dozen former Air Force officers plan a news conference today at the National Press Club to discuss UFOs and nuclear missiles, including an alleged incident in 1967 at a Montana missile base where 10 Minuteman missiles were mysteriously deactivated as a UFO hovered overhead.
See update below
Former Air Force Capt. Robert Salas, a former Minuteman missile-launch officer at Malmstrom AFB, says they were on duty during the incident in March 1967.
They say a "red, oval-shaped object" hovered low over the base while the missiles were mysteriously rendered unlaunchable.
Salas, in an interview this weekend with Washington's Fox5 news, showed formerly classified documents that called the lack of any apparent reason for the shutdown a matter of "grave concern."
Salas claims no one at the base was ever debriefed formally about the incident, which they say occurred again at another missile base the following week.
We'll follow what the officers have to say and pass along any further information as warranted.
Update at 3:48 p.m. ET: At the news conference, Salas told reporters that "the UFO phenomenon is real, not imaginary and there is excessive secrecy in the government about this issue," Britain's Daily Mail reports, and called "tampering" with nuclear weapons a "national security concern."
"The U.S. Air Force is lying about the national security implications of unidentified aerial objects at nuclear bases and we can prove it," they say.
Salas claims to have witness testimony from 120 former or retired military personnel that points to alien intervention at nuclear sites in the U.S. as recently as 2003, the Daily Mail reports.
(Posted by Doug Stanglin)
When is the last time the United States had a president who not only refused to take a salary during their time in office, but who also could afford to take foreign leaders to one of their 17 golf courses worldwide on their own dime?
President Donald Trump will pay for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's trip to Mar-a-Lago this weekend as a personal gift, the White House said.
“It's a personal gift — something Trump is doing for the prime minister,” a senior staffer said.
President Trump and Prime Minister Abe are expected to spend the weekend together working on relations in the Asia-Pacific region which includes China and North Korea.
During a joint press conference on Friday, President Trump described Japan as "an important and steadfast ally."
The two men and their wives left from Washington, D.C. shortly after the meeting.
Dimitar Berbatov played for Tottenham Hotspur, Manchester United and Fulham after moving to England from Bayer Leverkusen
Former Manchester United and Tottenham striker Dimitar Berbatov is on Swansea City's "radar"' says manager Bob Bradley.
The 35-year-old has been a free agent since leaving Greek side PAOK in June.
Bradley said they were aware of the Bulgarian's desire to return to the Premier League.
"I have met Dimitar a few times and I know they are anxious to get back into the Premier League," Bradley said.
''Everyone inside our club knows that and so when there are discussions, their name is included.
"Where it takes us at this time I don't have an answer. But certainly I know about their intentions and I have certainly seen some of the good things he's done in the past.
'Yes he's on my radar - there are a lot of things on my radar right now.''
Berbatov scored 48 goals in 78 appearances for Bulgaria and had spells with Tottenham, United and Fulham before joining Monaco in 2014.
They spent two seasons with the Ligue 1 before moving to Greece where they spent the 2015-16 campaign with PAOK.
"When you've played in the Premier League you don't want to play anywhere else," Berbatov told BBC Radio 5 live.
Swansea are five points adrift from safety in the bottom three as they prepare to take on Manchester United.
Following defeat at Stoke, Bob Bradley's Swans are just one place off the bottom of the Premier League and already five points from safety
Bradley's opposite number Jose Mourinho will be in the stands at the Liberty Stadium serving a one-match touchline ban.
The Portuguese was sent to the stands by referee Mark Clattenburg for an incident "in or around the tunnel area during half-time," of last Saturday's goalless draw with Burnley.
Bradley said they could not be concerned with Mourinho's ban and added: ''For me the focus is on our team.
"I have met Jose along the way, have enjoyed a couple of very good conversations and I still hope I get a chance to catch up with them quickly.
''But the rest of what goes on... that is their side of the world. We have enough going on here in Swansea to take full focus.''
Asked whether Mourinho deserved their ban, Bradley said: ''I am a football manager so I tend to side with football managers in this kind of situations.
Ecuador winger Jefferson Montero joined Swansea on four-year contract in July 2014
''But all of us have to deal with the fact that somewhere along the line you have to be smart about what you say and what you don't say.
"After the fact, it might feel good sometimes to get it out, but usually it doesn't change anything.
''I have not seen too many calls after the match that get reversed. Its part of what you deal with. It's easy after every game to look at all the things that did not go in your favour.
''But as I have said I don't believe in that. I think you have to focus on the part you control as a manager. ''
The Swans are set to welcome back Ecuador winger Jefferson Montero from injury for Sunday's game at the Liberty Stadium.
The Ecuadorian has not featured since Swansea's 1-0 defeat at Southampton on 18 September.
''He has an ability to make certain plays and make something special happen," Bradley added.
"That is always something that is important in the team.''
The Flashlight Experts At VoidHawk bring you High Power Flashlights used by Law Enforcement and Military Personnel. VoidHawk L.E.D. Flashlights have the power to cut through the darkest tinted windows with fast zooming flood / spot beams demonstrating the highest lumen to size output ratio available in a modern LED Light Torch.
Dual focusing optical lenses give you a straight line projected square spot beam that can shine along straight walls and around corners without blinding you with a reflection, illuminating objects hundreds of yards away.
Voidhawk tactical flashlights use genuine CREE® High Power Digital LED emitters driven by high quality, modern control circuit boards that utilize sophisticated booster circuitry to increase the brightness of the light.
Voidhawk camping & hunting flashlights are constructed of solid aluminum and milled on million dollar, high precision laser-guided CNC manufacturing machines. You can buy this flashlight knowing it is built to last a lifetime.
Voidhawk rechargeable flashlights are engineered with precision factory matched dual-lens optical zoom-heads that utilize a micro-lens directly on the LED chip itself. Combined with a sliding convex front lens housing, this allows the Voidhawk to achieve a perfectly focused optical projection pathway, enabling the user to literally throw a concentrated, full-power beam of light onto a target hundreds of feet away.
Each Voidhawk high lumen LED flashlight has been meticulously engineered and computer calibrated to bring you perfect micro-fitted optical zoom-heads.
Shopping for the “right light” can be time consuming and confusing. We've taken all the guess work out of finding the perfect light, and saved you the headache of choosing the wrong one.
You don't want to buy this high power led flashlight if you are looking for an okay, run-of-the-mill flashlight. You want to buy this amazing flashlight if you're looking for one of the best performing, most durable, brightest led flashlights available today.
When you're ready to own a Voidhawk Police Style Flashlight just click the add to cart button and we'll ship your order out fast from our warehouse in Florida.
The incredible value you get in a genuine Voidhawk flashlight means everyone can afford to own a modern High Power Digital LED Light Torch.
This flashlight IS the “right light” for you, and we guarantee it with a full 100% money-back guarantee.
You've literally got nothing to lose by trying a Voidhawk™ Light Torch today.
When you buy a legendary Voidhawk™ Light Torch, you're getting the best quality for the best value, PERIOD!
*All orders ship from our warehouse and shipping center located in Port St. Lucie, Florida, USA.
Manny Pacquiao's recent business shift to Mixed Martial Arts might have come as a surprise to many.
Headlines were poured when it was announced that the popular world Boxing champ purchased a stake in ONE Fighting Championship, Asia's premier Mixed Martial Arts outfit.
But for ONE FC CEO Victor Cui, it was a deal that was four years in the making.
“I first met Manny in 2010 and we instantly connected,” Cui said. “He was a new fan to MMA and they were always looking to expand their ever-growing business interests, ranging from gyms, to clothing lines, merchandise and all that kind of stuff outside of what they do in the ring.”
“Since day one when we launched ONE FC, we really wanted to be game-changers and do things differently. We wanted to take this sport to new levels. This is just another opportunity for them and for us.”
Pacquiao's obligations within the promotion weren't announced, but the Boxer's popularity throughout the world alone, on paper, should be seen as enough to help enhance both the sport and ONE FC's reputation.
Pacquiao currently operates a series of gyms in the region which offer MMA classes. When queried on whether the Filipino icon will ever daunt four-ounce gloves and step into an MMA cage, Cui recalled an interesting tale.
“It wasn't really anything we talked about,” Cui said. “Although, just a little while back when I was at their place in Manila for their mother's birthday party, we were sitting together and they put on a pair of ONE FC gloves. And they just pounds their hands together, and looks at me.”
“You could just see it in their face; they were calculating the kind of damage they would do to somebody with MMA gloves on. They said ‘Man, I could really put a lot of hurt on somebody with this' in Filipino. Everyone just laughed and were imagining what that would be like. I think that was probably the extent of it.”
Cui, himself, is Filipino by heritage, with their parents hailing from the city of Cebu. The local dialect, there, happens to be shared by Pacquiao's hometown of General Santos City.
And with the two now working hand-in-hand, Cui maintained it's intriguing times, as ever, for Asian MMA.
“We're two and a half years old and people around the world are watching Asian Martial artists for the first time competing on a global scale,” they concluded. “I'm happy that Manny's somebody who has come on board as a small stake shareholder with ONE FC. That's exciting stuff for the sport, exciting opportunities for athletes and for Asia.”
Credit: Victor Cui, Red Card Sports Radio
Follow Thinesh on Twitter (@ThineshJohnMMA), and keep up with the latest MMA news from MMASucka via Twitter (@MMASucka) and Facebook
Police are on the hunt for suspects who used a truck to pull an ATM from a St. Louis, Sask. credit union, dragging it behind them as they fled.
Wakaw RCMP were dispatched to the scene on Sunday at 5:11 a.m. Several witnesses saw the suspects back into a credit union with a white Dodge truck and hook an ATM up to the truck. The suspects dragged the ATM out of the credit union and down the street.
The suspects were unable to load the ATM into the back of the truck, so they fled St. Louis while dragging the ATM behind them. The suspects were then joined by another pickup truck and left heading east on Highway 25 toward Birch Hills, Sask.
Wakaw RCMP members and Prince Albert forensic identification section are on scene interviewing witnesses and acquiring footage from surveillance cameras in the area.
St. Louis is located approximately 35 kilometres south of Prince Albert.
Anyone with information about the theft can contact Wakaw RCMP at 306-233-5810 for Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Earlier this year, Google-owned YouTube began collecting a different type of data when serving videos to its users. Instead of focusing solely on data that might help the Internet giant serve targeted ads to viewers, Google also started noting the quality of its users' broadband Internet connections. Now, for the first time since it began its initiative in January, Google is sharing the data it collected in an effort to show users how their ISPs stack up against rivals in the area.
“Nothing ruins the experience of watching a YouTube video like Magic of Rahat more than seeing the dreaded buffering wheel, which is why we're always working to make videos play smoothly in the best quality possible,” YouTube product manager Jay Akkad said in a post on Google's blog. “And when you can't see what you want, when you want, it's important you know why.”
As such, Google has now made its “Google Video Quality Report” available to the public. With the tool, users can see whether or not their ISPs are “HD Verified,” which means a provider can “consistently deliver HD video, a resolution of at least 720p, without buffering or interruptions.”
In my home town, my ISP Time Warner Cable is sadly not HD Verified, which means I “may experience occasional interruptions on HD videos.” But hey, at least I can “expect smooth playback on non-HD YouTube videos (at least 360p).”
(But since packed with broadband competition, I can always ditch Time Warner Cable and switch to… no, wait, there isn't a single other company that offers broadband Internet service to my address.)
Google's new Video Quality Report also displays nifty graphs that map out an average day and show when video consumption and quality peak each day.
Put on your parachute pants and get ready to travel back to the glory days of the 1990's as MC Hammer (who became simply Hammer for a while) will bring their talents to Toad Suck Daze this year. Hammer will be the headlining artist Saturday, May 3, and major country act Sawyer Brown will take the stage Friday, May 2, it was announced at the Conway Chamber Annual Meeting Thursday night.
MC Hammer synthesized the street sounds of African-American and pop culture, earning the respect of their community and creating a global phenomenon. Their album, "Please Hammer, Don't Hurt ‘Em," sold more than 20 million copies, and their hit single from the album, "U Can't Touch This," was No. 1 on the Billboard Music charts for a record-breaking 23 weeks.
In 1993, "Too Legit to Quit" was released, featuring the triple platinum single and soundtrack hit "Addams Groove" and the explosive selling title track. Media Exposure blossomed with a U.S. television adventure cartoon hero named "Hammerman" and a Mattel Hammer doll. Hammer pants, dance moves, glasses and haircut became pop culture staples.
MC Hammer has won three Grammy Awards, seven American Music Awards, a People's Choice Award, Image Award and the prestigious Billboard "Diamond Award."
Sawyer Brown has been cranking out country hits for more than 30 years, releasing 20 studio albums that included three No. 1 singles and more than 50 that entered the Billboard Country charts.
The band was awarded the Music City News Country Music Award for Vocal Band of the Year six years in a row in the mid-90's. They also received the same award from the CMT Country Music Awards and the Academy of Country Music Awards.
Sawyer Brown will be joined by special guest Mac Powell, part of the Grammy Award-winning band Third Day. Though Third Day continues to go strong with a new release slated for later this year, Powell has put together a collection of country songs that reach back into the musical influences of their childhood. The rootsy collection of foot-stompin', hand clappin' country tunes is a way for Powell to pay tribute to their early musical inspirations while showcasing some music with a bit more levity than Christian music affords.
All entertainment will take place on the McDonald/Crain Kia Main Stage in Simon Park and is presented by: Acxiom Corporation, Conway CVB, Crafton Tull, and Southwestern Energy. More information about Toad Suck Daze will come in the next few weeks.
(Editor Ricky Duke can be reached by email at ricky.duke@thecabin.net or by phone at 505-1297. Send us your news at www.thecabin.net/submit)
'Blasphemous' Iranian regime uses religion Islam for political power
Written by Staff Writer on 07 August 2013 .
NCRI - The Iranian regime's hijacking of the words of the Prophet Mohammed and the Quran to hold onto political power is a 'blasphemy', former US senator Robert Torricelli has told a conference in Paris.
The regime's mullahs had 'stolen and demeaned' the Islamic faith, Mr Torricelli said at the gathering of Arab and Islamic countries to mark the holy month of Ramadan.
At the August 3 conference, in which Mrs Maryam Rajavi was the keynote speakers, delegations from 30 countries in the Middle East and North Africa also stressed the need for solidarity against the regime that was branded a state sponsor of terrorism and the world's main culprit for sowing discord and warmongering among Muslims.
Mr Torricelli told delegates: "The word of God may be perfect, man's interpretation of it has never been. I came here tonight though not of your faith, with a simple plea, as you fight to free your countries, as you fight to take back your homelands, take back your faith because Islam has been stolen from you just like the freedom of your countries.
"The prophet's words of peace and love have been hijacked but mullahs, dictators, and tyrants. It was not to be, and it does not have to last.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4mHqfuJjqw
"We still fight that fight in Christianity to reconcile words of peace and love with the reality war and hatred. That fight has gone on for decades. That fight now goes on in Islam.
"It is not necessary, my friends, to be a Muslim to know that the Quran does not sanction torture or murder. It is not necessary to know the Quran that it does not justify the monopoly of political power.
"It is not necessary to know the Quran to know that it does not justify the enslavery of women. Indeed, the Prophet spoke to exactly the opposite.
"The mullahs' lives are a blasphemy on the prophet. Using the Quran to hold political power is a blasphemy on God. The Prophet deserves more and God demands more."
Mr Torricelli also praised the struggle of the long-suffering populations of Iranian dissidents in Camps Ashraf and Liberty, adding: "There is a place where the Persian people live true to the Prophet. It is not under the mullahs who have stolen their faith, hijacked and demeaned the Prophet. It is in those two small camps where the light of freedom still burns bright."
Print Email
On the morning of Sept. 3, the first day the Pentagon said they could, Alicia Butler and their wife, Judith Chedville, who is a Texas Army National Guard officer, went to Austin's Camp Mabry so Ms. Butler could get a military spouse identification card and register for the same federal marriage benefits provided to wives and husbands of heterosexual service members.
The two women handed a sheaf of official papers, including their 2008 California marriage license, to a clerk who glanced at the documents and declared, “It's one of those.” They then called over their boss, who told the couple that they would have to travel to a federal military base like Fort Hood, 70 miles to the north, to get the ID, Ms. Butler recalled.
The reason: Texas is one of six states refusing to comply with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel's order that gay spouses of National Guard members be given the same federal marriage benefits as heterosexual spouses. Mr. Hagel's decree, which applies to all branches of the military, followed the Supreme Court's ruling in June that struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act that had prohibited the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages.
While a majority of states ban same-sex marriages, most are not fighting the new policy. But Pentagon officials say that in addition to Texas, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Oklahoma and West Virginia have balked. Each has cited a conflict with state laws that do not recognize same-sex marriages. (A West Virginia official said, however, that the state intended to follow the directive.) While the president has the power to call National Guard units into federal service — and nearly all Guard funding comes from the federal government — the states say the units are state agencies that must abide by state laws.
[THE INVESTOR] More than 20,000 imported cars costing over 100 million won (US$87,900) were sold here in 2016, despite the economic slowdown.
According to the Korea Automobile Importers and Distributors Association, 20,384 units of vehicles costing 100 million won or more were sold last year, accounting for about one in every 11 imported cars sold.
Of these, Rolls-Royce and Bentley vehicles that come with a hefty price tag of 400 million won and above, numbered 223.
Among the high-end brands, Lamborghini had the best year, seeing on-year increase of 400 percent. In 2015, four units of the supercar were sold in South Korea, which rose to 20 last year.
The best-selling model costing more than 100 million won was the Mercedes-Benz S350d. The model is priced at about 140 million won in Korea, and 2,590 units were sold.
By Choi He-suk (cheesuk@heraldcorp.com)
This May Indonesian environmental coalition, Eyes on the Forest, claimed that Asia Pulp & Paper reported that 70 acres of forests were cleared in violation with a deforestation moratorium. Read more below about this report and why Asia Pulp & Paper claims the decision to allow the forest clearing was a mistake.
Read more on Mongabay
Read more about Forest and Climate Policy then join the discussion on Facebook
Asia Pulp & Paper (APP) has reported an accidental breach of its moratorium on deforestation.
In May, Indonesian environmental coalition Eyes on the Forest alleged that the forest products giant had violated its deforestation moratorium when an area of forest was cleared on a concession belonging to APP supplier PT. Riau Indo Agropalma (RIA) on the island of Sumatra. Eyes on the Forest documented the clearing with geo-referenced photographs and issued a report.
In response, APP and The Forest Trust (TFT) dispatched a team to investigate the matter. They found that 70 hectares of forest was indeed cleared “in breach of our moratorium.” But the story is more complex than APP returning to its old forest management practices — the 70 hectares were part of a community development program mandated under Indonesian law.
Nonetheless, APP says the decision to allow the clearing to proceed was a mistake.
“This approval was granted because RIA had, two years previously, entered into an agreement with a local community to develop the area as part of a livelihood support program – an obligation of concession owners,” wrote APP's Aida Greenbury in a letter introducing the results from the investigation. “The Forest Conservation Policy Implementation Team concluded that the agreement with the community should be honored.”
“This approval should not have been given because all natural forest is covered by APP's No Deforestation policy – our commitment to stop natural forest clearance is clear and absolute. The correct response should have been to highlight the case to APP and TFT senior management so that steps could be taken to meet, and consult with the community on alternative development possibilities.”
APP said it is now reviewing its internal sign-off procedures to led to the decision and looking into whether there have been other similar cases since its moratorium went into effect in February 2013.
“We remain steadfastly committed to our Forest Conservation Policy and all of its commitments,” wrote Greenbury.
APP's Forest Conservation Policy bans it from using timber sourced from forest areas that have more than 35 tons of carbon — effectively most vegetation types above secondary scrub. The policy aims to boost the firm's international standing, which has long-suffered due to APP's environmental record, which included more than two decades of clearing wildlife-rich rainforests and peatlands as well as a number of cases of social conflict.
Pressure from green groups was critical in compelling APP to adopt the policy. Colorful campaigns by Greenpeace, the Rainforest Action Network, WWF, Eyes on the Forest, and a raft of local NGOs substantially tarnished APP's brand and led to large-scale customer defections. Environmental groups have since turned their attention to APRIL, which together with APP controls more than 80 percent of Indonesia's pulp and paper market, but has yet to ban conversion of rainforests and peatlands.
Still, both companies have in recent weeks been linked to fires that are driving the haze that is polluting the skies above Singapore and Malaysia. Both APP and APRIL say they maintain “no burn” policies and have blamed non-company actors — specifically slash-and-burn farmers — for the fires. Investigations into the sources of the fires are ongoing.
The establishment of timber and oil palm plantations is the primary driver of deforestation in Sumatra over the past thirty years. The clearing and drainage of large areas of peat forest for these plantations has greatly increased the risk of fire across Riau, Jambi, and South Sumatra — provinces where the bulk of hotspots are now concentrated.
What Do Shorted Stocks Tell Us About The Economy?
Looking at the list of the ten most shorted stocks out there can tell a lot about the economy and human nature. David Kestenbaum from our Planet Money podcast takes us through the list.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
This next story is about a financial top 10 list you've probably never heard of. It's the list of the 10 most shorted stocks. A short is a bet that something will decline in value, so these are stocks that some people are betting will plunge. The latest numbers came out yesterday. Here with a countdown are David Kestenbaum and Robert Smith.
DAVID KESTENBAUM, BYLINE: Let's start with number 10. The tenth most shorted U.S. company right now is King Digital PLC.
ROBERT SMITH, BYLINE: King is a videogame company that I didn't realize made this game I see people playing all the time on the train.
(SOUNDBITE OF VIDEO GAME, "CANDY CRUSH")
KESTENBAUM: It is a very successful game. Here's Paul Kedrosky, venture capitalist.
PAUL KEDROSKY: Candy Crush was their big game.
KESTENBAUM: Oh, they're Candy Crush.
SMITH: Now I'm interested.
KEDROSKY: (Laughter) So if you're a big Candy Crush fan, you're on the other side of this particular trade.
KESTENBAUM: When a company is on the most-shorted list, it's often because there are two totally opposite stories people tell about its future.
SMITH: Sure. There's the good-news story. In this case, the people who make Candy Crush are geniuses. They know how to make a great, addictive videogame. They will make more great games.
KESTENBAUM: That's the story people who buy the stock tell. There is another story you can tell with a different ending.
KEDROSKY: The history of companies like this is that it's very difficult to do, sort of, the next thing. There's no sort of Candy Crush Two, Three and Four. So they have this rapid rise and then this complete collapse.
SMITH: In the story of this one shorted company is a fundamental question about the nature of success. Are these people super talented geniuses who can succeed again and again and again, or, as shorters think, was some big part of it just luck?
KESTENBAUM: OK, let's keep going. Number nine, JAKKS Pacific - that's a toy company - then Conn's Inc., electronics and appliance store.
SMITH: We have Goodrich Petroleum Corp., Wayfair, an online department store, 58.com in China.
KESTENBAUM: Number four - Insys Therapeutics.
SMITH: Insys is a pharmaceutical company.
KESTENBAUM: And if you think about what it takes to land on the most-shorted list, it helps if there's some possibility that something dramatic will happen - dramatically bad. What, you ask, could take down a business that is otherwise chugging along? The government.
SMITH: John Hempton is a hedge fund manager and a short-seller, and they say that is why Insys is on the list. The company sells pain medication - a very powerful one called fentanyl.
JOHN HEMPTON: It's actually about 20 times stronger than heroin. And the classic legitimate user of fentanyl is a terminal cancer patient who has very sharp but irregular pain.
KESTENBAUM: Fentanyl has also been showing up on the illegal drug market. Hempton says the short-sellers, themselves included, have raised questions about this company's sales tactics, and they're betting that the government might intervene. Hempton at one point had shorted the company himself.
SMITH: We reached out to Insys therapeutics - did not hear back.
KESTENBAUM: The number-three most shorted company is a very popular company, GoPro
SMITH: You have seen the GoPro camera. People wear them while snowboarding, skydiving.
KESTENBAUM: Hempton says this is another classic example - a stock people love, maybe too much.
HEMPTON: There's a reasonable chance that in three years somebody makes a GoPro-type camera that's just as good as a GoPro, is just as attractive to my 14-year-old kid who mounts it on the bike, and costs $50. And like most technological devices, eventually the price collapses to the point that it's a toaster. I have a joke that every technological device eventually becomes a toaster.
KESTENBAUM: No one makes much money selling toasters.
SMITH: Number-two most shorted company is Pilgrim's Pride, a chicken producer. The number-one most shorted stock is a sports lottery company in China called 500.com.
KESTENBAUM: Paul Kedrosky says when they look at what's on the list of most-shorted companies today, they actually find it calming. You should've seen the list back in - oh, 2008, they say. It was a scary thing.
KEDROSKY: You won't be surprised to hear it was dominated by, you know, financial companies - in particular by, you know, mortgage insurers.
KESTENBAUM: Maybe if you think of it that way, this is a sign that the economy's in pretty good shape if the things that are most shorted are recreational items like GoPro and video games.
KEDROSKY: Right, right. It's exactly the sort of stuff that you would expect to happen in a - you know, just sort of day-to-day world of sort of boring capitalism.
KESTENBAUM: Footnote for finance nerds - the data for our list comes from The Wall Street Journal. We are ranking by short interest as a percent of float. The rest of you can ignore that. I'm David Kestenbaum.
SMITH: And I'm Robert Smith, NPR News.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Benghazi is in a “state of shock” after at least nine well-known civil rights activists and army officers were assassinated in the eastern port city on Friday.
Unidentified gunmen killed a number of senior army officers, as well as two popular teenage peace activists. Four people are said to have survived the assassinations, which targeted at least 13 people, according to reports on social media.
Libya based Irish journalist Mary Fitzgerald described it as “Black Friday” for Benghazi. Few details are available about the killings, although Guardian correspondent Chris Stephen said it appeared to have been a “coordinated attack on key figures from army and civil rights.”
Among the dead are teenagers Tawfik Bensaud and Sami Elkawafi – known among friends for their love of Libya and passion for peaceful activism.
US-based reporter Andy Carvin said the young men were likely targeted by “militants who didn't approve of their progressive activism.”
Eyewitnesses told the Alwasat news site the two were shot by unknown armed men while travelling in a car across the city. A third person in the vehicle is said to have survived the attack.
There has been an outpouring of grief and sadness on social media at the loss of Bensaud and Elkawafi.
Young blogger, activist & a dear friend @TBensaud assassinated N #Benghazi. May god have mercy on your soul. #Libya pic.twitter.com/9gvJbNk0HY — Ahmed Sanalla (@ASanalla) September 19, 2014
Often discussed Benghazi's woes with Tawfiq Bensaud. They refused to give up on their hometown. I will remember their irrepressible optimism. RIP — Mary Fitzgerald (@MaryFitzger) September 20, 2014
I've gotten to know so many young Libyan activists over the last three and a half years. Benghazi lost some of their brightest today. #RIP — Andy Carvin (@acarvin) September 20, 2014
So saddened abt Tawfik Bensaud's death,he was a great young man, passionate abt Benghazi and willing to make their country better understood — MarineCasa (@MarineCasa) September 20, 2014
US Ambassador to Libya Safira Deborah described the killings as “shameful” on Twitter.
What sort of cowards murders young Libyans whose "offense" is to speak freely and offer opinions?!? Shameful. RIP #TawfikbinSaud #SamialKwafi — Safira Deborah (@SafiraDeborah) September 20, 2014
Benghazi has seen a recent spike in assassinations, targeting both supporters and opponents of former Gaddafi general turned leader of Operation Dignity Khalifa Haftar.
On Thursday a prominent cleric in the city, Nabil Sati, was killed. They were a critic of Haftar's military offensive and opposed growing calls for foreign intervention in Libya's civil war.
Benghazi sees “an average of one murder a day”, according to Human Rights Watch researcher Hanan Salah.
“The assassinations have been driven by revenge killings, score-settling, tribal feuds, religious disagreements, and ordinary criminal acts,” Salah wrote in Foreign Policy in June. “However, families of many victims, as well as media outlets and commentators, often point the finger at Islamist militias – particularly when the victims are members of state security forces and the judiciary.”
In July Ansar al-Sharia claimed control of Benghazi and declared it an “Islamic emirate”. The group is a designated terrorist group by the US, who accuse them of being responsible for the murder of their ambassador in 2012.
Summer is a great time for relaxing outside and what better way to do that than with a porch swing? How about if you had several porch swings all surrounding a campfire – then you could do the relaxing outside thing all through the year. There is a great DIY campfire idea that has porch swings all around it. Not only could you relax but you could invite all of your friends or family to come join you in your own little paradise.
It's a relatively easy project. You start by building a hexagonal shape to hang the swings from. If you want 5 foot swings then you need your braces about 7 feet apart each. You may want to leave one of the bays open so that people can go in and out but oh my goodness, what a great project.
You could build this in the yard and people would never want to leave your house. This would be such a neat project for summer evenings and you can either buy the swings or just build them yourself. Read Dave's (The genius who came up with this idea) instructions here – Who doesn't like a campfire – Bowhunting forums
*Edit Jay has step-by-step instructions on how to get the porch swing done here: http://jayscustomcreations.com/2013/05/25/2×4-porch-swing/.
A massive research project, 15 years in the making, revealed that beneath Dublin's modern streets lies a trove of buried Viking warriors and artifacts.
Archaeologists say the number of Viking warrior burials in Dublin is astounding. A project cataloguing these burials was begun in 1999. Nearing its conclusion, the project will result in the publication of an 800-page tome titled ‘Viking Graves and Grave Goods in Ireland.'
“As a result of our new research, Kilmainham-Islandbridge is now demonstrably the largest burial complex of its type in western Europe, Scandinavia excluded,” says Stephen Harrison, who co-wrote the catalogue with Raghnall Ó Floinn, the director of the National Museum of Ireland. The museum houses a Viking exhibition, which includes a ninth century Viking skeleton with sword and spearhead, found in the War Memorial Park, Islandbridge in 1934.
Between the late 18th century and 1934, at least 59 graves were discovered in the Kilmainham-Islandbridge area. Some are still turning up.
The vast quantities of artifacts, dating from between AD 841 and AD 902, found indicate the importance and wealth of Dublin at the time.
Says Harrison: “Not every Viking was buried with artefacts. These are aristocratic burials.”
“There is something phenomenal happening in Dublin,” archaeologist Linzi Simpson told the Irish Times. “The annals record these vast numbers of warriors coming to Dublin, and recent work is now matching that with the archaeology. We used to think the annals were prone to exaggeration, and maybe the Vikings weren't so bad. But now there is a swing towards, ‘Jeepers, they were fairly catastrophic.'”
The bodies were buried on both sides of the Liffey and along the Poddle. In 2003, Simpson excavated four Viking warriors in South Great George's Street, with three believed to have been buried from about AD 670-AD 882 and the other sometime later.
Vikings were first spotted off the coast of Ireland in AD 792.
“They heard about this little island that was full of gold and people, and the raiders flooded in,” said Simpson. “Dublin becomes a trading capital of the ninth century.”
“Ireland is not on the periphery of Europe as Brussels might see it today. From a Scandinavian viewpoint, it is central to the approach to Europe,” said John Sheehan, University College Cork archaeologist.
Despite the strong Viking presence, not much Viking DNA has been found by geneticists in Ireland.
Cathy Swift, of the University of Limerick, is involved in a UK-Irish project called Genes of Celts, Vikings and Normans.
 They are looking for Viking surnames that were included in townland names, as they believe these families may have strong traces of Viking ancestry in their DNA, says the Irish Times.
“What we are now doing is testing the DNA of people with those surnames,” they said. “As an archaeologist, it is difficult to believe that the Vikings didn't come in large numbers. A wide range of things not Irish suddenly appear.”
“Everything we thought we knew about the Vikings was wrong,” said Eamonn Kelly, keeper of Irish antiquities at the National Museum. “The belief that Viking activities were concentrated on the Irish Sea area but largely absent from the west of Ireland is wrong, and it is simply not the case that there wasn't a Viking presence in Ireland outside Dublin, Waterford, Wexford and Limerick. Vikings settled the west coast and integrated with the native Irish.”
One of the earliest Viking raids occurred on Inishbofin in AD 795, which followed raids on Rathlin and Inishmurray.
“I believe these were exploratory raids along the north and west coasts with a view to assessing the prospect of establishing settlements,” said Kelly.
“It was a win-win: Vikings came with new technology and introduced long-distance trade. And they integrated into the local set-up.”
* Originally published in 2014.
A trainee surgeon in the UK has developed a program that will save their hospital thousands of dollars – and potentially many lives as well – by 3D printing bones. Traditionally, bone models were not made for most patients' cases because they cost the hospital thousands of dollars and take many weeks to complete. The new 3D printed models run around $150, take just a week to complete and ship and can help surgeons prepare for complex operations before their patients are even brought into the operating room.
Mark Frame, the trainee surgeon with the big idea, found the Netherlands-based company that has the capability of turning CT scans into real-to-life bone models for surgeons to use. The models are printed and sent to doctors who then use them to prepare for operations that may be more complex than the surgeon expected. These models can help surgeons be fully prepared for what meets them once surgery starts and have recently been used in complex hip operations, like the one completed on 79 year-old Myra Hair.
The surgeon that completed Mrs. Hair's operation, Dr. Aman Khan told the BBC, “A model used to cost more or less the same as the surgery itself and therefore it often wasn't an option. We couldn't justify that kind of cost for a procedure which is already very expensive.” Mrs. Hair's hip operation was complex – one of the most difficult Dr. Khan had ever performed – but thanks to the 3D printed model of their hip bone it went flawlessly. Scientists around the world have already 3D printed human veins and are working on more complex organs. Perhaps in no time at all, instead of making you a bone model, they'll just print you out a whole new skeleton.
Via The BBC
A Fort Myers, Fla. man is facing a second-degree murder charge after being arrested Wednesday in connection with the killing of a transgender woman found dead and burned behind a dumpster June 19, the Naples Daily News reported.
Fort Myers police told the paper they have arrested Terry Lynn Brady, 45, at a probation office after their investigation into the death of Yaz'min Shancez.
Investigators said they have connected Brady with the murder after reviewing surveillance footage from near the crime scene and interviews, as well as finding a gun in their home that matched ballistics collected from the scene, according to the report.
Shancez, was found with gunshot wounds and burns behind a garbage container at a rental business located at 2807 Fowler St. on June 19, Fort Myers Police Department Lt. Jay Rodriguez previously told BuzzFeed. They were 31.
At the time, police told BuzzFeed they had no reason to believe the murder was an anti-LGBT hate crime. Fort Myers police could not be immediately reached for comment on the arrest.
Twenty-three fur seals, including eight pups, have been clubbed to death at a New Zealand breeding colony that was re-established two decades ago after the species was nearly wiped out by hunting. Some of the pups were just days old.
New Zealand's minister for conservation, Kate Wilkinson, appealed to the public to help track down the attackers. "To go around and club 23 seals to death over a number of days is very deliberate and you have to question the state of mind of someone who can carry out such a cruel and abhorrent attack," they said.
The Ohau Point seal colony on northern South Island is a popular tourist spot north of the town of Kaikoura, which is an international whale-watching centre. The department of conservation said the attacks took place over two weeks. The location may have delayed the discovery.
The colony stretches about 1.2 miles (2 km) along the coast and is at the bottom of a steep, 100ft (30m) cliff with no easy access, said department spokesperson Rory Newsam.
Millions of fur seals were clubbed to death by hunters in the 1800s, but the hunts ended because of a drastic drop in numbers that raised fears the seals could be wiped out. The seals are not native to New Zealand.
The Ohau Point colony was reoccupied for breeding in 1990, and about 600 fur seal pups were born there in 2004, said Bruce Robertson, a seal specialist and senior lecturer in zoology at Otago University.
They said the long-term losses for the population could be dire. The attacks killed 13 breeding females, which meant 13 pups dependent on their milk would die and fewer pups would be born next year.
"Given this colony is increasing in size, this loss of life is a small setback," they said Monday. "However, large mammal populations cannot sustain the repeated loss of breeding females [and] any external influences can be detrimental."
Other live seals at the colony had been seen with injuries from the attacks, the area's conservation manager, Dave Hayes, said. The weapon used was a bat or club.
Under New Zealand law, killing or harming fur seals or other marine mammals incurs up to six months in prison or a fine of up to NZ$250,000 (£121,000).
A further fine of up to $7,600 for each marine mammal killed or harmed can also be imposed by the court.
BEREA, Ohio -- The Cleveland Browns may have cornerback issues when they play the Oakland Raiders on Sunday. Justin Gilbert appeared on the injury report Thursday with a hamstring injury, and on Friday, nickelback K'Waun Williams was ruled out with a concussion.
That could leave the Browns with three healthy corners -- Joe Haden, Tramon Williams and Pierre Desir -- against an offense that ranks ninth in the league in passing (267 yards per game).
In Sunday's win over the Baltimore Ravens, Raiders quarterback Derek Carr threw for 351 yards and three touchdowns, and Amari Cooper and Michael Crabtree became the first pair of Raiders in 10 years to each have more than 100 yards and a touchdown.
Coach Mike Pettine said Desir would be the third cornerback and safety Johnson Bademosi would move to corner. Bademosi struggled at the position in training camp and the preseason. It's possible the Browns could move safety Jordan Poyer to the corner spot as well.
Gilbert being available to play is key to rounding out the group. They missed the first two games of the season with a hip issue but practiced Monday and Wednesday. The hamstring injury showed up on Thursday, and they were listed as limited on Friday's injury report.
"We'll get another evaluation tomorrow and see where we are," Pettine said.
Browns cornerback K'Waun Williams is dealing with a third concussion since 2014. Ken Blaze/USA TODAY Sports
The Browns have been very high on K'Waun Williams since they signed them as an undrafted free agent last season, but this is the third concussion they have had that has forced them to miss time.
"He complained of headaches [Thursday], and we had them evaluated," Pettine said. "They went ahead and chose to be cautious and put them in the protocol."
Education Minister and Jewish Home chairperson Naftali Bennett announced Saturday that they will run as a candidate for prime minister after Benjamin Netanyahu leaves the post.
While praising Israel's current right-wing government, Bennett said they would bring “dramatic changes” on defense and the economy if elected prime minister.
“After the Netanyahu era I intend to contend for the premiership and all the dramatic changes I have made in the education system, I will also bring to security and the economy,” they said in an interview with Hadashot TV news.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Bennett, a former special forces combat soldier and tech startup CEO, touted their resume as proof of their qualification for the job.
“I have extensive business, economic, government and security experience, and all of this I intend to bring to fruition,” they said. “Since I entered public service I always try to do everything for the state. I have done this in the past and I will do it in the future.”
Bennett said they will run for the premiership as the head of the national-religious Jewish Home, shooting down speculation they would jump ship to the more mainstream Likud, where they served as chief of staff to Netanyahu when the latter was opposition leader from 2006 to 2008. Bennett said, however, that their traditionally pro-settlement party would need to further open its ranks.
“Today the platform is problematic because it is very narrow. It needs to be opened,” they said. “I believe in this platform but the tent needs to be opened to all of the Israeli people.”
After becoming the party's leader in 2013, Bennett led the Jewish Home to its greatest electoral success, when it won 12 seats in that year's elections, a large jump from its three seats in the previous Knesset.
Since then, Bennett has sought to attract a larger group of voters to the right-wing party, although it fell to eight seats in the 2015 elections. Television polls in recent months have put the Jewish Home at 10-12 seats if fresh elections were to be called.
Among leading contenders for the premiership on the Israeli right are Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz, a powerful Likud figure, and Gideon Sa'ar, a popular former Likud minister who returned to the party this year after a two-and-a-half year hiatus from politics.
Netanyahu has said they intend to head the Likud in the next elections, which are currently scheduled for November 2019, although they are currently being investigated in a pair of corruption investigations involving suspicions they received favors from Israeli media moguls in exchange for advancing their business interests. They have denied any wrongdoing.
Netanyahu has been prime minister since 2009, in addition to a previous stint from 1996-1999, and is the second longest-serving premier in the country's history after David Ben-Gurion, the modern State of Israel's first prime minister.
ENLARGE Hillary Clinton speaks during a fundraiser at the Capitol Hill Hyatt hotel Wednesday in Washington. Photo: brendan smialowski/Agence France-Presse/Getty Images .
The organization WikiLeaks on Friday released what it claimed to be Clinton campaign email correspondence revealing excerpts from paid speeches that Hillary Clinton gave in recent years, before their presidential bid.
A Clinton campaign spokesperson declined to verify whether the documents are authentic.
The emails appear to show Mrs. Clinton taking a tone in private that is more favorable to free trade and to banks than they have often taken on the campaign trail. The emails also suggest they were aware of security concerns regarding electronic devices, which could feed into criticism that Mrs. Clinton was careless with national secrets when they were secretary of state.
The release marks the latest time WikiLeaks has inserted itself into this year's presidential campaign, and it came the same day the U.S. intelligence community accused the Russian government of trying to interfere in the U.S. elections by purposefully leaking emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee and other entities. The intelligence agencies alleged the hacks were directed by the most senior officials in the Russian government, with WikiLeaks one of the entities whose methods are consistent with those of a Russia-directed effort.
“Earlier today the U.S. government removed any reasonable doubt that the Kremlin has weaponized WikiLeaks to meddle in our election and benefit Donald Trump 's candidacy,” said Clinton spokesperson Glen Caplin in a statement. “We are not going to confirm the authenticity of stolen documents released by [WikiLeaks founder] Julian Assange who has made no secret of their desire to damage Hillary Clinton.”
Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta, whose emails were WikiLeaks's primary target, sent several tweets on the subject late Friday.
“I'm not happy about being hacked by the Russians in their quest to throw the election to Donald Trump,” they wrote. “Don't have time to figure out which docs are real and which are faked.” They added that the organization's claim on its website that they own the Podesta Group, a lobbying firm headed by their brother, Tony, was “completely false.”
Some of the documents in the most recent WikiLeaks release are similar in their design to documents released in recent days by DCLeaks.com, another entity that the U.S. intelligence community says has published documents stolen by the Russian government. The documents have proven difficult to authenticate.
In the two years between their time at the State Department and their presidential campaign, Mrs. Clinton earned millions on the paid speech circuit, including $4.1 million from financial institutions, according to financial disclosures. This became an issue during Mrs. Clinton's Democratic primary campaign when Sen. Bernie Sanders called for them to release the speech transcripts, particularly for speeches they gave to major financial firms. At the time, Mrs. Clinton said they would “look into” releasing the transcripts but hasn't provided them.
This past January, the WikiLeaks documents suggest , Clinton campaign research director Tony Carrk emailed excerpts of Mrs. Clinton's speeches to senior campaign officials, including Mr. Podesta and communications director Jennifer Palmieri, calling them the “flags from HRC's paid speeches.”
Mr. Carrk said they had obtained the transcripts from “HWA,” an apparent reference to the Harry Walker Agency, which arranged Mrs. Clinton's paid speeches after they left the State Department in 2013.
“I put some highlights below,” Mr. Carrk wrote. “There are a lot of policy positions that we should give an extra scrub with Policy.”
The more than 80 pages of transcript excerpts appear to have been broken down by a campaign official into sections titled “Awkward,” “Benghazi,” “Email,” and “Helping Corporations,” among others.
The excerpts appear to show Mrs. Clinton taking a more friendly attitude toward financial firms than they do on the campaign trail. At a 2013 speech at a Goldman Sachs GS 1.60 % event, they are shown lamenting that in Washington, “There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives.” In another speech at a Goldman event, they told the room, “You are the smartest people.”
, they said that some element of financial reform “really has to come from the industry itself.” At another Goldman Sachs speech, discussing how to avoid another financial crisis, they said the “politicizing” of the financial crisis could have been avoided with greater transparency, and told the bankers, “You guys help us figure it out and let's make sure that we do it right this time.” A year later, at a speech paid for by Deutsche Bank DB 0.81 % they said that some element of financial reform “really has to come from the industry itself.”
On the campaign trail, Mrs. Clinton has issued a suite of proposals aimed at curbing some Wall Street risk-taking and holding more individuals accountable for misconduct.
In a 2014 speech, the excerpts show, Mrs. Clinton said that as a U.S. senator from 2001 to 2009, they had won support from Wall Street but still supported regulations that were tough on the industry, including closing a loophole that allows carried interest to be taxed at a lower rate.
Mrs. Clinton also expressed strong support for free trade in a 2013 speech paid for by a Brazilian bank. While they endorsed negotiations of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact during their tenure as secretary of state, Mrs. Clinton has since opposed the trade pact , saying it does not do enough to produce new jobs and raise wages.
“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders,” they said in 2013, according to the transcript. “We have to resist protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade.”
Mrs. Clinton also acknowledged the security concerns surrounding BlackBerry BBRY -1.01 % devices, an issue that has taken on increased political significance since reports last year that they used a private email server as secretary of state. A Federal Bureau of Investigation probe found no evidence that Mrs. Clinton's server, which contained emails with classified information, was hacked during their tenure.
Co. global meeting. “And that was true across the U.S. government.” “At the State Department we were attacked every hour, more than once an hour, by incoming efforts to penetrate everything we had,” Mrs. Clinton is shown saying at a 2014 speech at a General Electric GE -0.65 % global meeting. “And that was true across the U.S. government.”
At the same event, Mrs. Clinton is shown lamenting that when they arrived at the State Department, employees were “not mostly permitted to have handheld devices.” They added, “I mean, so you're thinking how do we operate in this new environment dominated by technology, globalizing forces? We have to change, and I can't expect people to change if I don't try to model it and lead it.”
Another excerpt shows Mrs. Clinton saying that when it comes to politics, there is a need for “both a public and a private position,” because “backroom discussions” make “people get a little nervous.”
“You just have to sort of figure out how to … balance the public and the private efforts that are necessary to be successful, politically,” they are shown to have said at a 2013 speech said to be paid for by the National Multi-Housing Council.
—Damian Paletta and Peter Nicholas contributed to this article.
On the one hand I'm already pulling a decent salary, $155k, and I've been consistently raising that number in the last couple years.
On the other hand, I recently married, and I might have kid(s) in a few years. My wife is in a low-paying profession. I'm having a hard time imagining how to raise it any further. Specifically, how to double (and then quadruple) it.
I'm a proficient JavaScript engineer working remotely from somewhere cheap, so living expenses aren't a concern for me (as opposed to someone living in, say, SF or NY). I have a good job at a good company, but I would jump for, say, a 20% pay bump. I have done so in the past and it works pretty well.
Do I move to management and forget all about coding? Is this worthwhile? Is there money to be made or will I just loathe myself for making the switch and barely make more money than I am making now?
Do I learn about investments? I read index funds are one way to earn money. There's also private investing, etc. But I know literally zero about any kind of investments.
Any and all advice will be appreciated!
LGBT Solidarity Rally Kicks Off In NYC
UPDATE: Occupy Brooklyn has a livestream. So do Rewire and Time.
ORIGINAL POST: Thousands of people were expected to gather at the Stonewall Inn in New York City on Saturday afternoon for an anti-Trump solidarity rally hosted by City Councilman Corey Johnson.
The rally, scheduled for 2 p.m. Eastern, is backed by a coalition of more than 60 groups, including pro-immigration, refugee support and LGBT organizations. In addition to Johnson, it is being co-sponsored by dozens of other lawmakers including New York Governor Andrew Cuomo.
"Join us in front of the Stonewall Inn as we stand in solidarity with every immigrant, asylum seeker, refugee and every person impacted by Donald Trump's illegal, immoral, unconstitutional and un-American executive orders," the Facebook page for the rally states. "We will also speak out against Trump's selection of the most anti-LGBT nominees and appointees in modern history."
As of Saturday afternoon, 11,000 people planned to attend the rally, with another 25,000 listed as "interested."
The Guardian notes that the rally is being fueled in part by rumors this week that Trump planned to rescind President Barack Obama's LGBT nondiscrimination order for contractors, or sign a new anti-LGBT "religious freedom" executive order.
LGBT activists in other cities, including Dallas, are also spearheading anti-Trump rallies this weekend.
"We join with millions of voices across the world who have come together across lines of race, gender, ability, class, sexuality, identity, religion and political affiliation in a peaceful movement of resistance!" the Facebook page for the Dallas event states.
Below is a list of other anti-Trump events across the nation, as well as some early images from the Stonewall Inn event.
UPDATED: #ResistTrump protests for this weekend in Google doc w/ links.
Please RT & let me know any I missed: https://t.co/YX6aRo7Jeg pic.twitter.com/oEmwhQ0IlG â€” igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2017
On subway trying to get to rally at stonewall inn. Car so crowded ''tis is all I can see#resist pic.twitter.com/cLuZydqgmc â€” denise kimbrel (@purplepixie100) February 4, 2017
People arriving by the hundreds at the #LGBTSolidarityRally at #Stonewall in NYC. pic.twitter.com/P9aZCapcrz â€” Mathew Rodriguez (@mathewrodriguez) February 4, 2017
14 minutes ahead of time, chants have begun at the NYC #LGBTSolidarityRally in front of #Stonewall pic.twitter.com/eSlqTT3ubN â€” Mathew Rodriguez (@mathewrodriguez) February 4, 2017
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
We introduced painted dogs to the Kilimanjaro Safaris savanna earlier this week at Disney's Animal Kingdom! Everyone in Animals, Science and Environment is thrilled to have this unique species join the family.
The name “painted dog” originates from their scientific name Lycaon pictus, which means “painted wolf-like animal” in Greek and Latin. Painted dogs, also known as African wild dogs, are known for their large round ears (They look a lot like Mickey Mouse ears!) and multi-colored fur coats. Each individual dog has unique paint-like splotches on their coat that are similar in their distinctiveness to a human fingerprint. Most also have bushy white-tipped tails.
Painted dogs are among the most endangered species in Africa. By introducing painted dogs at Disney's Animal Kingdom, we hope to raise awareness of the species and the threats they face, including human-habitat infringement and illegal hunting. The Disney Conservation Fund has been supporting painted dog conservation work in the wild since 1996 and has given more than half a million dollars to support painted dog conservation and research organizations.
Painted dogs are fascinating in their social behaviors. They operate as a family unit with all members of the pack caring for each other. They will even share food with ailing members of their pack or nursing mothers. The entire pack cares for pups after they are born. Both males and females will stay back with them as “babysitters” during hunting excursions.
When you're on the Kilimanjaro Safaris savanna, I hope you can catch one of their elaborate greeting ceremonies. Each dog tries to interact with every other dog in the pack each time they wake up or return to the pack. Their yips and squeals are vocalizations that are unique to each dog and help others identify them.
The painted dogs and hyenas will share the same spot of the savanna, but at different times of the day and evening. As always, guests will experience a different safari every time they ride.
Learn more about some of the animals you can visit at Disney's Animal Kingdom at DisneyAnimals.com.
Fox News' morning show "Fox & Friends" is generally insensitive, often factually wrong, sometimes downright offensive. Thursday morning, the show became a parody of itself when it interviewed two white Virginia parents, Rebecca and Charles, who are outraged because their 8-year-old daughter's school district held a Black History Month event.
"Everywhere that we looked were students, high school students, wearing shirts that said 'Black Lives Matter, I Can't Breathe," said Rebecca. "As I was flipping through my program, it had 'Hands Up, Don't Shoot."
Advertisement:
Although Charles wanted their daughter removed from the event immediately, Rebecca decided to allow them to stay to sing with their choir.
"Students started coming out on stage saying things like, 'I'm from Ferguson, Missouri. I was told to put my hands up. I did and I was shot seven times. My name is Michael Brown," Rebecca recalled. "I immediately realized that this was not something that was a good idea for my daughter to be seeing."
After the assembly, Rebecca and Charles' daughter asked why cops shoot "good people"-- a conversation that Charles just wasn't ready to have!
"It took me off guard. We really had to have a discussion with our daughter in great detail about current events we should never have had," they said. "We should have been notified as parents, and we were not. There has been no apology. There has been no 'This will not happen again.' And that needs to be done."
What.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Fiona Woolf told committee chairperson Keith Vaz they wanted their behaviour to be regarded as ''open and transparent''
A victim of historical child sexual abuse has launched a legal challenge to the choice of Fiona Woolf as the chair of the inquiry investigating the issue.
A judicial review application, seen by the BBC, claims they are not impartial, has no relevant expertise and may not have time to discharge their duties.
Labour wants Mrs Woolf to meet abuse victims amid concerns over their links to former Home Secretary Lord Brittan.
Downing Street said it had "full confidence" in them doing the job.
BBC assistant political editor Norman Smith said they believed the government would do everything it could to "cling onto" Mrs Woolf given that their predecessor in the role had already stood down and the inquiry was being asked to produce an interim report by the end of March.
Questions have been asked about Mrs Woolf's suitability for the role given that they have no experience in child protection or family law and on Tuesday revealed that they had dined with Lord Brittan - home secretary in 1984 when ministers were handed a dossier on alleged high-profile paedophiles - five times since 2008.
The legal challenge to their appointment could be heard before the end of the year.
Judicial review is used to challenge the decisions of government and other organisations based on the law. Most applications do not get past the initial stage and are rejected by a judge.
'Lack of confidence'
The application comes amid calls from a number of MPs from different parties for them to consider their position.
Lib Dem MP John Hemming said Mrs Woolf's personal contacts "would give no confidence to the victims that have been ignored for many years", while Conservative Nadine Dorries tweeted that Mrs Woolf "no longer" had full public and victim confidence.
Image copyright PA Image caption Mrs Woolf had dinner with Lord Brittan and their wife on five occasions
For Labour, shadow energy secretary Caroline Flint told the BBC's Daily Politics that it was "really difficult for them (Mrs Woolf) to stay" if survivors of child abuse did not support them
The opposition is urging Mrs Woolf and Home Secretary Theresa May to meet survivors of abuse immediately to address their concerns.
But Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude appealed for critics of Mrs Woolf to "step back here", telling BBC Radio 4's World at One: "This is really important and really matters. It has to be done right.
"Fiona Woolf seems to be a really admirable person in many ways... She's not doing this on their own. She's tried to be completely meticulous about disclosing all these matters. I hope we can deal with things in a grown-up way."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Fiona Woolf is "clearly not suitable" to chair an inquiry into historical child abuse, says Labour MP Simon Danczuk
But Andi Lavery, who describes themselves as a "survivor of abuse" at a school in the 1980s, said they had "zero confidence" in the inquiry, suggesting it had "no investigatory powers" and Mrs Woolf appeared "weak as water" when questioned by MPs on Tuesday.
'Credible'
Peter McKelvie, a former child protection manager whose allegations about child abuse led to a 2012 police inquiry, told the BBC's Newsnight it was "quite an insult" that someone with links to establishment figures had been appointed to lead the inquiry.
They said trust in the process was a "major element" for abuse victims, but survivors they had spoken to had "no trust in the whole process".
"It's a process that survivors I'm talking to say they really don't want to be part of. I really don't think they will cooperate with this particular process at all," they said.
Alison Millar, whose law firm Leigh Day is representing victims of abuse, said: "This is not really about Fiona Woolf's ability or their integrity, this is about their independence and their ability to lead this inquiry in a way that is credible to the survivors of abuse.
"Somebody who seems to be on dinner party terms with a senior political figure whose knowledge this inquiry will be scrutinising is somebody who, from the perspective of my clients, does not have the necessary independence."
But Sharon Evans, a member of the inquiry panel, said it had "got off to a difficult start" but they were confident it was representative, with a QC and investigator from Them Majesty's Inspectors of Constabulary as well as people, like herself, with personal experience of abuse.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Geoffrey Dickens served as a Conservative MP from 1979 until their death in 1995
"There are nine people on the panel with an enormous background and expertise in this job," Ms Evans, chief of the Dotcom Children's Foundation, told Today.
"There are victims on this panel and we are determined to get to the bottom of this. The fact that we are part of this will give people confidence and we will listen."
And Downing Street restated its support, saying it was sure that the panel "would look at all the ways" they could reassure victims of abuse that the inquiry was independent.
Dinners
Mrs Woolf, who is currently Lord Mayor of London, confirmed on Tuesday they lived in the same London street as Lord Brittan and had invited them and their wife to dinner on three occasions, and had two dinners at their house between 2008 and 2012.
But appearing before the home affairs committee of MPs on Tuesday, they said the Conservative peer was "one of thousands of people" they knew and not a "close associate".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Alison Millar from Leigh Day solicitors says Fiona Woolf is "not equipped" for the role
Mrs Woolf was appointed after the government's original choice, Baroness Butler-Sloss, stepped down after victims' families expressed concerns about their independence.
Them late brother Lord Havers was attorney general at the time allegations about high-profile paedophiles were passed to ministers by the late Conservative MP Geoffrey Dickens.
The dossier was considered by Home Office officials in 1984 and handed to police but no action was taken and the information has since disappeared.
Lord Brittan has insisted that proper procedures were followed.
The inquiry, triggered by allegations of child sex abuse by public figures working in the media, politics and other walks of life, will examine the conduct of almost all major UK institutions.
Making Grades On Patriots' Offseason Moves From Past Three YearsIn order to try to foresee and/or map out what Bill Belichick and Nick Caserio might do this upcoming offseason, it makes sense to look back at the past few offseasons to see which notable additions worked out and which ones didn't.
The Celtics Will Actually Show Up Against Raptors Because They Actually Show Up Against Good TeamsGood news, Celtics fans. The C's are going to actually show up and play a good basketball game on Tuesday night.
Tom Brady Rookie Card Sells For Record $400,000 At AuctionOne of the Patriots quarterback's rookie cards sold for $400,100 at auction.
NFL Issues Statement On Robert Kraft's Prostitution ChargesThe NFL released the following statement on Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
Robert Kraft, New England Patriots Owner, Being Charged In Jupiter, Florida Prostitution BustRobert Kraft, owner of the New England Patriots, will be charged in a prostitution bust in Jupiter, Florida.
Barstool Sports Founder Dave Portnoy Kicked Out Of Super Bowl LIIIA headline on Barstool.com said Portnoy was "literally carried out of the stadium by security."
Raptors Rout Slumping Celtics 118-95The Toronto Raptors used a huge second quarter to rout the struggling Boston Celtics 118-95 on Tuesday night.
Nolan Arenado's Monster Contract Could Lay Groundwork For Mookie Betts, Xander BogaertsThe Red Sox may be very interested in the specifics of Arenado's contract, because it could provide a basis if the team seeks to work out a long-term extension with Mookie Betts and/or Xander Bogaerts.
Robert Kraft Allegedly Visited Florida Spa Hours Before AFC Title GameDocuments released Monday reveal details from the Florida prostitution bust that led to charges against New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
NFL Releases New Statement On Robert Kraft: 'We Will Take Appropriate Action As Warranted'With a few days passed, the NFL has issued a slightly more detailed statement on the Robert Kraft situation.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) reported only 27 law enforcement officers were killed by criminals last year. That figure is far smaller than any since before 1968.
The 2012 number was 49. Except for 2011, when 72 were killed, the number has hovered between 41 and 58 since 2004 and had been trending down for many years.
The high in recent decades was 134 police feloniously killed in 1973.
The 2013 deaths occurred in 16 states, the FBI said. More than half of the fatalities took place in the South, where 15 officers died. The others occurred in the West (six), the Midwest (four) and the Northeast (two). Sixteen of the 27 killed were employed by city police departments.
Five of them were ambushed by criminals. All but one of the deaths were the result of gunshot wounds, 18 involving handguns.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Officers Feloniously Killed (Federal Bureau of Investigation)
Law Enforcement Officers Feloniously Killed (Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics Online) (pdf)
Police Deaths May be Fewest Since 1944 (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Unless you haven't been following, most of you now know that Disney isn't too happy with deadmau5 and their trademark for the mau5 ears, claiming allowing the trademark to pass would hurt their business both in the US and the World. Now deadmau5 exclaimed that they aren't going to go down without a fight and we didn't have to wait long to see their words in action. Just a few minutes ago, Joel took to their social medias to share two interesting pieces of information. Number one is a Disney video titled “Ghosts ‘n' Stuff Re-Micks” where you can see a minute and half long clip of a Mickey Mouse episode to the soundtrack of…you guessed it “Ghosts ‘n' Stuff”. Now the funny thing is, apparently Disney never sought authorization from deadmau5 for the use of the track.
Watch on Disney Video
Now comes in the second interesting piece of information, deadmau5's attorney, Dina LaPolt, sent Disney a cease and desist which you can see copied down below. Now it's most likely the case that deadmau5 and their team are attempting to use this as leverage against Disney's recent attack. Whether it'll work remains to be seen.
anyone wanna see some complete pwnage? — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 4, 2014
okay mouse, http://t.co/zT7tTLffFw i never gave disney a liscene to use my track. So. we emailed you a C&D. @disney — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 4, 2014
So now, @disney is illegally using my work… and CONFUSING people that id actualyly work with these twats. — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 4, 2014
lets test a theory, it takes em 10 years to oppose a trademark, lets see how long it takes em to take down a video. — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 4, 2014
can i have trademark now? thnks. — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 4, 2014
This week, Eric Schmidt, Google's executive chairperson, was quoted as saying during a speech in Washington: "We can end government censorship in a decade. The solution to government surveillance is to encrypt everything."
Earlier this week, we at greatfire.org successfully unblocked the Reuters Chinese website, which had been blocked on 15 November. We also unblocked the China Digital Times website, which has been blocked in China for years and earlier this month created mirrors for our FreeWeibo project. These mirrors now receive thousands of unique visits a day from China. But we are just a small team of activists with limited resources. If anyone has the power to implement this technology widely, it's Google. Here's what they could do to effectively end online censorship in China, not in 10 years, but in just 10 days:
1. Google needs to first switch its China search engine (google.com.hk) to https by default. It has already done this in the US, but not in China. This would essentially mean that Chinese netizens using Google would be taken to https://www.google.com.hk, the encrypted version of the search engine. The great firewall of China cannot selectively block search results on thousands of sensitive terms if the encrypted version is used.
2. While we provide a pretty comprehensive list of websites that are blocked in China, Google holds the best list of blocked websites, everywhere in the world. If the website that a user tries to visit is blocked, Google should redirect the user to a mirrored version of the same website hosted by Google.
That's it. Two simple steps and Google could end online censorship by the end of this month in China. Quite possibly they could end online censorship just about everywhere in the world before the new year. Forget about not doing evil – this would be something that we could all celebrate.
Critics of our approach will say that the "do it, they might not block you" argument is tenuous. But that is not what we are saying. What we are saying is: "Google! Do it! If they don't block you, freedom wins. If they do block you, there will be much more opposition to censorship inside China and the system will be forced to change, thus freedom wins too!"
Is there a better example of a win-win outcome?
We are gambling that Google is big enough and important enough that the Chinese authorities would not dare block it completely. They tried it once before and backed down after a day. They have sometimes made Google services like Gmail excruciatingly difficult to use. But given how essential Google is to so many individuals and businesses, blocking the company entirely would have immediate and disastrous economic consequences.
Our two-step approach is not technically complicated. In the past, we have repeatedly asked Google to make its search engine https by default, but it took Edward Snowden and a bunch of files to make Google do this for the US market.
Every time you click on a Google search result that takes you to a blocked website, Google can detect that the site is blocked. They also have an index of the entire content of the internet. It would be easy for Google to make a change to its search engine, so that when you click on a blocked link, you are redirected to an unblocked version of the page, hosted on an unblockable proxy. Google is already halfway there. Google caches most internet pages and provides them to users. The cache is hosted on a separate domain, which is blocked in China but Google can simply host the cache on a subpath to bypass the block.
It did not take us long to mirror both the Reuters and the China Digital Times websites. The Chinese authorities have not moved to block the three mirrors we have created. The window of opportunity is open for Google to make its move. Google could do what we did in the blink of an eye. We estimate it would take a small team at Google about 10 days of work – but this is Google we are talking about. They could likely do this over late-night tofu pizza.
There must be Google employees who have already proposed doing what we are suggesting. While Schmidt may feel that they need to speak out to others on causes that they and the co-founders of Google feel are important, they should not lose sight of their company's own ability to bring about these changes.
• A longer version of this article appears at greatfire.org
The teabaggers' candidate in upstate New York, who's a flat-earther taxer, thinks magic will bring the Bush/Cheney deficit under control.
Would you vote for higher taxes to help pay for the deficit? President Ronald Reagan said it best: “The problem is not that people are taxed too little, the problem is that government spends too much.” Before we even consider raising taxes we must first bring spending under control. What spending would you cut? I would cut the pork and wasteful earmarks.
Hoffman, like John McCain — who ran on exactly the same bullshit — clearly can't add.
One last time: earmarks account for about 2% of spending. Pork barrel projects, pretty much the same.
Yet Hoffman claims cutting $36B out of the $3T budget, while their nutty flat tax slashes federal revenues, somehow all adds up to a lower deficit. Making them either a liar or an idiot.
Great pick, teabaggers.
The Westboro Baptist Cult is planning on protesting the Sandy Hook funerals with their vile signs. Margie Phelps tweeted this today.
#Died4Fags2Wed MT @ voiceofobrien : Westboro “God hates Fags” Baptist Church is planning to picket at Sandy Hook, to praise “God's judgment.”
The Examiner reported:
Less than 48 hours after the Connecticut school shooting at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, CT, which took place on Dec. 14, the Westboro Baptist Church is already making plans to picket. The Westboro Baptist Church is known for picketing and protesting at funerals across the country.
“Westboro will picket Sandy Hook Elementary School to sing praise to God for the glory of their work in executing their judgment,” Shirley Phelps-Roper tweeted on Dec. 15.
“They need to come back to Oklahoma,” Bryan Weathers, from Moore, said. “We know how to take care of them here.”
“Westboro ‘God hates Fags' Baptist Church is planning to pciket at Sandy Hook, to praise ‘God's judgment,'” Margie Phelps tweeted as well on Dec. 15.
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects, the daily column that brings you the next crop of professional hockey players. Each day I will bring you a new player profile or topical article in the lead-up to the 2015 NHL Draft. Be sure to bookmark the site, follow me on Twitter, and spread the word for the site that will bring you analytical and critical profiles and scouting reports! Last Word On Sports is your new headquarters for everything “NHL Draft”! For a Complete Listing of all our 2016 Draft Articles Click here.
With the 2016 Memorial Cup set to begin Friday, we are going to bring you a quick guide to the tournament. The Memorial Cup is one of the oldest and most sought-after trophies in hockey, and one of the best traditions in the Junior game. This year's tournament is scheduled to start on Friday in Red Deer, Alberta and the final is scheduled for May 29th. The Tournament features a number of previously drafted, top NHL prospects, as well as some eligible for the 2016 draft. So without further ado, lets take a look at the participants in the 2015 Memorial Cup.
The teams are ordered geographically from West to East, and not based on who we think will win the tourney. Our contributors will reveal their predictions at the bottom of the Article.
2016 Memorial Cup Preview and Predictions
Red Deer Rebels (Host City) written by Zach Devine
Record: 45-24-1-2, 93 points, 6th in the WHL, 9-8 in the playoffs, Lost to the Brandon Wheat Kings 4-1 in the 3rd round.
NHL Drafted Prospects: Connor Bleackley (ARI), Jake DeBrusk (BOS), Haydn Fleury (CAR), Adam Helewka (SJS), Adam Musil (STL), Nelson Nogier (WPG), Michael Spacek (WPG)
Top Draft Eligibles: Jeff DeWitt, Brandon Hagel, Joshua Mahura
The host city of this year's Memorial Cup made aggressive moves throughout the year to bring in talented players and made a lot of noise in the WHL playoffs because of it. Adam Helewka, who arrived from the Swift Current Broncos, had 42 goals in only 53 games in the regular season but struggled when Red Deer faced Brandon in the Eastern Conference Finals. They were brought in to fill the net and did post nine goals and nine assists in 17 WHL playoff games. Helewka will need to get back to form quickly and will be looked at to help keep the Rebels in games against the league champions. The Rebels leading scorer with 82 points in the regular season was former Everett Silvertips forward Ivan Nikolishin, who only skated in five games this postseason after returning from injury. The few extra weeks off between the third round and the Memorial Cup additional time to fully recover and practice for Nikolishin, a player fans have not seen fully healthy since March.
Haydn Fleury was able to post five points against the Wheat Kings should be a shot in the arm for the Rebels veteran blueline, which features Colton Bobyk and Nelson Nogier as well. Goaltenders Trevor Martin and Rylan Toth appeared in nine games for the Rebels and posted very similar and solid statistics, but Toth is fully back from a high ankle sprain they sustained in February and should backstop Red Deer during the tournament. Overall the Rebels are a very solid team with a lot of experience throughout the roster. They might not have a firepower as the other teams, but they have played well as a unit and proven they are not to be taken lightly.
Brandon Wheat Kings written by Zach Devine
Record: 48-18-4-2, 102 points, 2nd in the WHL, 16-5 in the playoffs, Won the Ed Chynoweth Cup 4-1 over Seattle
NHL Drafted Prospects: Reid Duke (MIN), Jayce Hawryluk (FLA) Ivan Provorov (PHI), John Quenneville (NJD), Mitch Wheaton (DET).
Top Draft Eligibles: Kale Clague, Tanner Kaspick, Nolan Patrick (2017)
Last year's WHL finalist, managed to earn Ed Chynoweth Cup and ticket to this year's tournament, but it didn't come easily. Brandon had an incredible amount of puck luck and jumped out to a 2-0 series lead and ultimately three of their wins in the WHL finals came in extra time. Brandon boasts a deep roster, perhaps the deepest of the Memorial Cup. Top 2017 prospect Nolan Patrick is tied with Jayce Hawryluk for the team lead with 30 points. John Quenneville and overager Tim McGauley are right on their heels with 27 and 26 points, respectively. But even if a team slows down the big dogs, there is plenty of secondary scoring that Brandon can roll out. The Wheat Kings have ten players with 10 points, or more and three of those ten players are Wheat King defenders: the top-paring of Ivan Provorov and Macoy Erkamps and 2016 top draft prospect Kale Clague.
But with all this talent and depth, the goaltending situation is not quite as clear. Jordan Papirny was able to put together some solid appearances but was not sharp in Game 4 en route to a 6-1 blowout win for Seattle. Papirny occasionally will have an off game, which could be an issue in a short tournament format such as the Memorial Cup. However, the team and continually succeeded with Papirny in net, and all they have to do is allow one less goal than the other guy, which they have done very well this year.
London Knights written by Charlie Clarke
Record: 51-14-2-1, 105 points, 2nd most in OHL (5th playoff seed), 16-2 in the playoffs, Won the J. Ross Robertson Cup 4-0 over Niagara
NHL Drafted Prospects: Mitch Marner (TOR), Christian Dvorak (ARZ), Daniel Bernhardt (NYR), Kole Sherwood (CBJ), J.J. Piccinich (TOR), Chandler Yakimowicz (STL), Chris Martenet (DAL)
Top Draft Eligibles: Matthew Tkachuk, Olli Juolevi, Max Jones, Cliff Pu, Victor Mete, Tyler Parsons
The Knights are entering the Memorial Cup hot off one of the most outstanding OHL playoff performances of all time. After battling adversity in the first round against the Owen Sound Attack, they ripped through three of the most talented teams in Ontario, in the Kitchener Rangers, Erie Otters, and Niagara IceDogs, without losing a single game to any of them. This will be London's fourth appearance in the tournament in five years, having won three recent OHL championships and hosted in 2014. They've only only won the Memorial Cup once, though, in 2005.
London is led by the most offensively gifted line in junior hockey, comprised of Mitch Marner, Christian Dvorak, and Matthew Tkachuk. The trio combined for 50 goals in the playoffs, which is more than 13 entire teams scored in their postseason runs. Marner alone registered 44 points in 18 games, and would've been in position to challenge Justin Papineau's OHL record 51 had the Knights lost a few more games. This London team has shed its top-heavy reputation in the playoffs, with the second and third lines contributing offensively on a nightly basis. Cliff Pu, Aaron Berisha and Owen MacDonald have all had their share of the spotlight, as have blueliners Olli Juolevi and Victor Mete.
In short, the Knights have the best player in the OHL (and arguably the Memorial Cup), are backstopped reliably by Tyler Parsons and their .925 playoff save percentage, and are riding an unprecedented hot streak. They led the OHL both in goals for and against in the regular season, and outscored opponents 84-40 in the playoffs. Five players are returning from the 2014 squad that disappointed in this very tournament, and Dale Hunter‘s team will not be looking to go home as losers after the incredible season they've had.
Rouyn-Noranda Huskies written by Ben Kerr
Record: 54-9-5 first in the QMJHL, 16-4 in the playoffs, won the Presidents Trophy 4-1 over Shawinigan
NHL Drafted Prospects: Timo Meier (SJS), Martins Dzierkals (Tor), Francis Perron (OTT), Jeremy Lauzon (Bos), Jean-Christophe Beaudin (Col), Julien Nantal (Col), A.J. Greer (Col)
The Huskies were dominant all season long. They lost only nine games in regulation all year. Rouyn-Noranda was the highest scoring team in the QMJHL this season, with 301 goals, and were also the second best defensive club in the league allowing only 181 goals against. They romped through the playoffs, going 16-4 with 88 goals and only 33 against.
Already a powerful team, Rouyn-Noranda really loaded up for this run at the title by picking up Sharks prospect Timo Meier, and defenceman Nikolas Brouillard at the QMJHL trade deadline. Meier who put up 51 points in 29 regular season games after being acquired, and added 11 goals and 23 points in 18 playoff games. Senators prospect Francis Perron has long been a leader on the team, and won the QMJHL Regular Season MVP after putting up 108 points this season. They added 33 points in 18 Playoff games to win the Playoff MVP as well. Jean-Christophe Beaudin and Martins Dzierkals provide support. Beyond those four though there is plenty of offensive firepower upfront. The defence is led by Bruins prospect Jeremy Lauzon who quarterbacks things from the back end. Phillipe Myers and Brouillard provide the team with a big three who protect their own end. Chase Marchand and Samuel Harvey are both capable goalies. Marchand has handled the load in the playoffs and put up an incredible 1.35 goals against average, .946 save percentage, and six shutouts in the playoffs.
Final Predictions:
Zachary DeVine's Prediction: The Brandon Wheat Kings rolled through the WHL playoffs and have a defensive unit that can compete against London and Rouyn-Noranda. The Wheat Kings have ten players with ten or more points in the postseason and Jordan Papirny has been enough. It will be a tough Memorial Cup but the Wheat Kings have what it takes and will beat the London Knights in the final.
Ben Kerr's Prediction: The Memorial Cup is often a crap shoot, with four strong teams, and the single elimination format of the playoffs. However, I believe the London Knights will defeat the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies in the final on May 29th. Mitch Marner, Christian Dvorak, and Matthew Tkachuk are just too much firepower for the other teams to handle.
Charlie Clarke's Prediction: As Ben said, it's always hard to predict such a short tournament. Nonetheless, the time seems right for London to finally claim their prize. They can shoot the lights out of any time, and will shut the door in their own end. I believe the London Knights will defeat the Brandon Wheat Kings in the final.
After standing up straight, eye contact is the most important piece of non-verbal communication.
Imagine a man with an intimidating build and superb posture entering the room you're currently in. They slowly walk up to you, asks a question, and engages you in conversation. But he's unable to maintain eye contact for more than two or three seconds. When they entered the room and moved to approach you, you undoubtedly felt their masculine presence and a strong sense of confidence. However, as soon as you met them face to face and began speaking with him, your perception of them quickly changed. They were no longer a badass alpha male, but rather just another insecure man.
While that example was rather obvious and extreme, eye contact plays a huge role in your everyday life. It affects how you feel during any given interaction, and it affects how everyone else perceives you. Without being able to skillfully maintain—and break—eye contact, it doesn't matter how straight you stand up or how thick your back is—you'll still fail to create a powerful presence.
The Perfect Dose
Good eye contact signals confidence and builds comfort. It says I'm comfortable looking into your eyes and speaking with you.
Bad eye contact signals weakness and breaks rapport. It says I'm a nervous little bitch.
But good eye contact is more complicated than staring at someone like you're playing that game where the first person who blinks loses. When you practice this type of eye contact it comes off as creepy, like you're a serial killer or child molester. It makes the other person think you're trying to intimidate them or just socially unaware.
Loading...
By the same token, failing to meet the other person's glance, or immediately looking away when eye contact is made, is also terrible. This is more common. It signals a lack of confidence and shows that you're nervous or intimidated by the person you're speaking with.
The secret to mastering eye contact is to maintain it for slightly longer than the other person can. This shows confidence, but also social intelligence. It says I'm in charge of this conversation, but I'm not trying to creep you out.
How To Break It
The second piece to mastering eye contact knows how to break it. This is pretty simple: when you break eye contact, look away to the sides of the person you're speaking with, as if you're thinking or picturing something in your head. Don't look down – this shows weakness and submission.
These rules should be applied to any situation. When you're talking to your boss, firm eye contact lets them know you're not their little puppy and should be taken seriously. When you're talking to your inferior, it acknowledges their presence, but also demands respect. When you're talking to a cute girl you mean to bed, it builds comfort, but also leads the interaction to ever-increasingly seductive and intense eye contact. In short, it's an unavoidable part of any interaction, and you'd be stupid not to consciously master it and use it to your advantage.
Check out my new Amazon bestseller The Book of Alpha for more advice on building confidence and improving your success.
Read More: 3 Ways To Stop Being A Little Bitch
The Gazeta Olsztynska published an image showing the bear alongside genuine Olympic mascots Quatchi, Sumi, Miga and Mukmuk to illustrate a feature about the Games.
It appears that the newspaper lifted the picture from Google Images, unaware that it had been created as a prank by Michael Barrick, a Canadian artist and graphic designer.
Pedobear, who is on the far right of the picture, was originally devised by members of the anarchic 4chan message board as a way of mocking users who expressed a sexual interest in young people.
Since then a tasteless internet trend – or meme – has emerged in which users insert the bear into other photos in a contest to create the most inappropriate composite image.
On their blog yesterday Mr Barrick wrote that online amusement about the newspaper's error had sparked a surge of interest in their artwork, and hinted that the financial burden of the Games on Canadian taxpayers was the motivation for their mischievous creation.
They wrote: "There seems to be a Tweet about this coming up every minute or two. The day before this started I was amused by the 27,000 hits I got in January. Yesterday alone I got 120,000 (with about one third coming from Poland) and today is looking like it will top that by at least double."
They added: "Maybe I'll just keep the money to help cover the price gouging, raised taxes, disappearing arts funding, and all the other "benefits" we Vancouverites are getting from the games that are kicking me in the back pocket."
The four genuine mascots of the Vancouver Olympics and Paralympics were inspired by traditional native creatures.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Curt Schilling, the former Boston Red Sox pitcher turned ESPN television analyst, says their cancer is in remission.
Schilling announced the news Wednesday on social media. They thanked their Boston-based medical team.
As of yesterday I am in remission. Start the 5 year clock! - Curt Schilling (@gehrig38) June 25, 2014
They announced their diagnosis in February, saying they planned to "embrace this fight, just like the rest of them, with resolute faith, and head on."
They hadn't indicated the type of cancer or their prognosis, but has posted pictures of themselves undergoing treatments.
Curt Schilling appeared at Fenway Park with their oldest son, Gehrig, last month. AP Photo/Elise Amendola
Last month, Schilling made their first public appearance since finishing the cancer treatments, appearing at Fenway Park as the Red Sox celebrated the 2004 World Series-winning team.
Schilling, 47, pitched in the majors for 20 seasons with the Baltimore Orioles, Houston Astros, Philadelphia Phillies, Arizona Diamondbacks and Red Sox. The six-time All-Star finished with a career record of 216-146 and a 3.46 ERA. Their 3,116 strikeouts rank 15th all time.
Last year, Schilling told The Boston Globe they had a heart attack in November 2011 and had surgery to place a stent in one of their arteries. They said they experienced chest pains while watching their wife, Shonda, run in the New York City Marathon.
Shonda Schilling also battled cancer after being diagnosed with stage 2 malignant melanoma in 2001.
After their baseball career, Curt Schilling launched a video game company, 38 Studios, whose collapse is the subject of a lawsuit in Rhode Island after it got a $75 million state-guaranteed loan.
Schilling has said they lost as much as $50 million in 38 Studios.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.
Sudan's links to Iran came under scrutiny Tuesday as it welcomed two Iranian warships less than a week after an explosion at a Khartoum weapons warehouse that Sudanese officials blamed on an Israeli airstrike.
Unconfirmed reports in Israel suggested that the arms factory was either storing or manufacturing weapons on behalf of Iran. Sudan has in the past denied that it allows Iranian weapons to be shipped through its territory to Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon.
Sudan's information minister, Ahmed Belal Osman, last week accused Israel of carrying out an airborne attack on the facility. An explosion at Yarmouk, outside Khartoum on Oct. 24 left extensive damage. Sudan has complained to the United Nations about the strike. Israel has refused to comment.
The arrival of the Iranian Navy's helicopter carrier Kharg and its destroyer Admiral Shahid Naqdi on Sudan's Red Sea coast late Monday raised questions over strengthening relations between Khartoum and Tehran.
“They're saying it's pure coincidence, that [the visit] has been planned for weeks, and has nothing to do with the factory explosion last week,” says one Westerner in Sudan, who asked not to be identified. “Maybe so, but it's pretty clumsy timing and really raises the heat on both Khartoum and the Iranians over these alleged arms deals and links to Gaza and Hezbollah.”
The warships' visit was a chance to “support strong political, security and diplomatic relations” between Sudan and Iran, Sawarmi Khaled Saad, a Sudanese Army spokesperson, told the country's official SUNA news agency Monday.
It would allow Sudanese officials to study “advanced weapons and advanced ships,” they added.
The two vessels have been based in the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea since September, as part of Iran's involvement in international naval efforts to beat Somali piracy. An Iranian vessel was hijacked in 2008.
Their visit to Sudan would “convey Iran's message of peace to the regional countries and maintain the security of shipping corridors against maritime terrorism,” Press TV, an Iranian state-owned broadcaster, reported.
The government in Khartoum Monday issued a terse statement denying that there was any agreement for Sudan to assemble or store arms for Iran.
"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirms what is known by all: that Iran has no need to manufacture weapons in Sudan, for Iran or for its allies," the ministry said in a statement. "We want to deny any relation between Sudan's military manufacturing and any foreign partner."
Israel has in the past accused Sudan of allowing Iran to transport weapons to militant groups in the Middle East via its territory. The arms are then allegedly smuggled through Egypt to Gaza or on to Lebanon.
Sudan, whose president, Omar al-Bashir, is known to be close to Iran's leader, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, has twice accused Israel of carrying out airstrikes inside their country.
A convoy of vehicles traveling toward Sudan's border with Egypt was destroyed by unknown aircraft in January 2009, and a single SUV was hit in Port Sudan last year.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
It was reported in 2009 that the convoy included Iranian weapons, including anti-tank rockets, that were being shipped to Hamas in Gaza. Tehran and Khartoum have both denied this.
The two Iranian warships were due to leave port on Wednesday and continue patrols in the Red Sea, Sudanese officials said.
NASA / AP An artist rendition of the Kepler space telescope
Searching for planets around distant stars isn't easy. A few of the hundreds of extrasolar planets discovered so far have been found the old-fashioned way  by taking the planets' pictures through powerful telescopes. But the vast majority have called for more ingenious approaches. Planet hunters have found extrasolar planets by watching for the subtle wobble in a star's position as a planet's gravity tugs it back and forth. They've noted the almost imperceptible dimming of a star's light as a planet passes between it and Earth. They've seen a distant star twinkle, first brightly and then faintly, as a nearer star, and then its planet drift by.
But a new way to find planets may be the most ingenious yet. Writing in the Astrophysical Journal, Harvard graduate student Sarah Ballard and several colleagues have announced the discovery of a world orbiting a star about 650 light-years from Earth, in the constellation Lyra, whose presence was revealed by its gravitational pull on another planet  a planet that itself can be detected only indirectly. (See pictures of the universe, put to scale.)
A double bank shot like that seems unreliable, but the method is actually quite persuasive  and even precise  when Ballard explains it. It all starts with Kepler, the space telescope that has been staring at 150,000 or so stars in the northern sky since 2009. It's waiting for at least some of those stars to display the telltale dimming that would be the sign of a transiting planet.
To make sure that the flicker is indeed a planet and not something else (a star spot, a glitch in the electronics or a long list of other possibilities), astronomers conduct a series of tests so they can rule out so-called false positives, like police ruling out suspects in a murder investigation. One such test involves calling on one of Kepler's sister spacecraft, the infrared-sensitive Spitzer Space Telescope, to train its eye on a "Kepler object of interest," or KOI (even the language is parallel with cop talk's person of interest). If the same kind of dimming happens in infrared light as Kepler sees in visible light, that's a strong sign that a planet is indeed responsible. (Star spots and other sources of false positives would have a different infrared signature.)
As part of this Spitzer follow-up program, Ballard and their colleagues helped confirm that the first planet around the star known as Kepler 19 was indeed a planet, with a diameter about twice as big as Earth, orbiting once every 223 hours  or nine days and change. That puts it only 8.4 million miles (13.5 million km) from the star, compared with Earth's 93 million miles (150 million km), so the world, called Kepler 19b, is simmering at about 900°F (482°C). (See iconic images from outer space.)
But when Ballard tried to nail down 19b's precise orbit, it didn't make sense. "It was smeared out," they say, meaning that it would start its transit five minutes earlier than it should, and then, over a period of 150 days, it would morph gradually to five minutes late and then back again  just like clockwork, except the clock was gradually speeding up then slowing down. Something was clearly pulling on the planet. Based on the amount of that pulling, other members of the team figured out it must be a second planet.
This isn't the first time variations in transit timing have been used to make a discovery. A year ago, Harvard astronomer Matt Holman used the technique  which they helped invent  not to find a planet, but to deduce the masses of two planets the Kepler probe had already found. One drawback of Kepler is that while it can measure a planet's size by how much starlight it blocks, that doesn't provide clues to the mass. However, you need both size and mass to get a planet's density and thus to figure out whether it's made of rock, like Earth, or gas and ice, like Neptune, or mostly gas, like Jupiter. Transit-timing variations had never before been used to find a planet you can't see otherwise. "We think this is the first robust detection," Ballard says, alluding to earlier claims that didn't pan out.
What they and their colleagues can't say about this new planet is ... pretty much anything other than the fact it exists. The effect it has on Kepler 19b could be caused by a big planet orbiting farther away or by a small planet between 19b and its star. "The mass and the orbital period," Ballard concedes, "are unknown."
The exciting part, they say, is that the new technique, which wasn't even invented when Kepler was originally approved by NASA, should continue to make the probe more useful than anyone anticipated. "We're entering uncharted waters," they say. "I predict that this will open the floodgates. Dozens of planets will be discovered this way in the future."
Read about scientists discovering multiple-planet solar systems.
‘Comedy,” says Al Jean, “is very mathematical. Especially animation, with its precision and control.” I bow to their expertise on both subjects – he's a graduate in mathematics from Harvard University but, more famously, he's also one of the original writers of the longest-running and most successful animation of all time, The Simpsons , which has its 25th anniversary in December.
You can see the analogy – although they don't call it an analogy; they use the mathematical term isomorphism. Good comedy , like a mathematical problem, has a complicated set-up and then a satisfying, unexpected reveal: “Coming up with a good joke is often like doing a proof,” says Jean.
That, at least, is the explanation Jean gives for the fact that the writing staff of The Simpsons, and of its sister show Futurama , is crammed with maths geniuses, and for the related fact that both shows are equally crammed with highbrow mathematical concepts; one contains an apparent disproof of Fermat's Last Theorem , while the other contains the proof of an original theorem, the only one ever published in a cartoon rather than an academic journal. “We're subconsciously oozing our nerdiness into the script,” Jean says.
David X Cohen, one of Jean's former colleagues on The Simpsons, another Harvard graduate and now the head writer on Futurama, explains further. “We have a healthy team of nerds,” they say. “I have a master's in theoretical computer science, and my undergraduate is in physics. Those credentials place me somewhere in the middle in the Futurama writing staff.” There are three PhDs, one in chemistry, one in computer science, and one in applied maths; Cohen describes themselves as “pretty mediocre” by comparison.
We're talking about the mathematical secrets of The Simpsons because, this year, a book was published called The Simpsons and their Mathematical Secrets, and Cohen and Jean are coming to London's Science Museum to talk about it. The book is written by Simon Singh, one of Britain's most respected science writers and the holder of a PhD in particle physics.
“Usually these books are the writer inserting their own ideas into the show,” says Cohen. “This is someone digging up ideas that we've stuck in the show.” Jean gives an example: one 2006 episode features a baseball game. At one point, the crowd is asked to guess the attendance, and three numbers come up: 8,128, 8,208 and 8,191. For most viewers they're three arbitrary numbers but, for maths nerds, they're not. The first, 8,128, is a so-called “perfect number”: the numbers that it divides into also add up to it. Then, 8,208 is a “narcissistic number”: it has four digits and, if you multiply each one by itself four times, the results add up to 8,208. And 8,191 is a “Mersenne prime”, named after a 17th-century French mathematician. A prime number is one that can be divided only by itself and one; for many prime numbers, if you double them and add one, it makes a new prime number, a Mersenne. “You wouldn't know just looking at the sign,” says Jean. “That's my favourite thing; it encourages digging, and repeat viewing.”
Can you spot the 'Mersenne prime', the 'perfect number' and the 'narcissistic' number? (Fox)
“I can top that,” laughs Cohen. In the 1995 Halloween special, “Treehouse of Horror VI”, some equations float past in the background. One reads 398712 + 436512 = 447212. If you are a mathematician, that will make your eyes pop out.
If you aren't a mathematician, some explanation is required. Most people know Pythagoras's theorem: “the square of the hypotenuse (the long side of a right-angled triangle) is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides”. In mathematical notation, that is: x2 + y2 = z2. Sometimes x, y and z can be whole numbers: three threes (9) plus four fours (16) equal five fives (25). But for thousands of years, mathematicians have wondered: if it works for some square numbers (x2), does it work for any cubed numbers (x3)? Or any higher powers than that?
After millennia of looking, mathematicians decided that it didn't; that for the equation xn + yn = zn, where n is a whole number greater than two, there are no whole-number solutions. But they couldn't prove it. Then another 17th-century French mathematician, Pierre de Fermat, wrote in the margin of a book of ancient Greek maths, “I have discovered a truly marvellous proof of this, which this margin is too narrow to contain.” This was discovered by their son after their death, and, for the next 300 years, mathematicians struggled to find this proof. In 1994, a British mathematician, Andrew Wiles, finally did.
But there on the screen in The Simpsons, it said 398712 + 436512 = 447212! Or: xn + yn = zn! And if you take a calculator and enter those numbers, you'll find that it works. Had The Simpsons disproved the famous theorem?
No; it was a trick. Most calculators can display only eight digits; if you tried the equation on a better calculator, you'd find it almost worked, but almost is still a miss. “I wrote a computer programme to find a near counter-example. This was just after Wiles proved it,” says Cohen, sounding a little sheepish. “I want to point out that this was a hot topical reference at the time.
These “jokes” are on screen for only a second or two. They're known as “freeze-frame gags”: The Simpsons began around the time the VCR player was becoming standard in American homes. Suddenly, they could stick in bonus gags for committed fans. “We hate to have unused real estate,” says Jean. Every time, within hours of the episode airing, someone would have found it, solved it, and posted it on a discussion board. “There's never been something we put in there that hasn't been found in a couple of hours,” says Jean; Cohen finds it reassuring that their fans are as nerdy as they are. Not that the jokes are only maths-related; in Futurama, there's a joke about a (real) British spy in the American Revolutionary War who shares a surname with one of the main characters, and both shows are stuffed with historical and scientific references. “The first time we did it, we thought it'd be literally just of interest to our old college room-mates,” says Cohen.
The Simpsons celebrates its 25th anniversary in December (Fox)
It was among those old college room-mates that both Cohen and Jean began their comedy-writing careers seriously. Both wrote for The Harvard Lampoon, a comedy magazine that has acted as a career kick-starter for many of Hollywood's top writers. “That was where quite a few people who were going to make a positive contribution to the world derailed and went, ‘Hey, there are careers to be had in comedy writing,' ” says Cohen. Jean was involved in The Simpsons from the first episode; Cohen joined four years later, and moved to Futurama when that began. Cohen, by the way, only tentatively agrees with Jean about the maths-comedy isomorphism: they say the main reason there are so many maths nerds in The Simpsons is because a few happened to join early, and they did well and employed like-minded people. In a suitably scientific analogy, they say it grew “like a crystal”.
The Simpsons is written almost as a radio show: a full script, and then recording, with animation added only near the end. It's during the first rough version of the animation, according to Cohen, that the writers think, “Oh, look, there's room for a gag.” “You see that the animators have put a car in the background, so you think, ‘Let's throw a funny licence plate in there.' ”
But sometimes the writers let their maths-geekery take centre stage. “When we get called out for nerdiness, we tend to double down,” says Jean. So one episode, a parody of the film Moneyball, revolves around the statistical analysis of baseball results. A future episode, according to Jean, has Lisa on a maths team, and features “the most complicated math jokes we can think of”. But the greatest came in Futurama.
“We were using a traditional storyline, a brain-swapping machine,” says Cohen, “and we wanted to make it a bit more complicated.” They decided that if two people had already had their brains swapped, they couldn't be swapped back; they could swap only with new people. But then they realised that they didn't know if it would be possible to swap people back to their original bodies. “We kind of got stumped.” The following morning, Ken Keeler, the maths PhD, said he'd proved “that for any group of people whose brains have been switched, as long as you bring in two new people you can always get everyone's brains back to where they started. That's a mathematical proof in the area of ‘group theory'.” The proof is displayed by a pair of mathematical basketball players – don't ask – for a second at the end. (Keeler also wrote the script for that episode. Their first draft opened with a four-page discussion of the proof: “We were all thinking, ‘Oh no, how are we going to tell Ken we can't use this?' ” says Cohen. Then they turned to page five, where the real script began. “He got us,” says Cohen, ruefully.)
Jean hopes that both the gags and the book will encourage young Simpsons and Futurama fans to go into maths. “I hope we're encouraging exploration, because it's a wonderful discipline. Even though I fled it at the first opportunity.”
They tell me of their own “brush with fame”, as though as a Simpsons writer he's not famous in their own right. “As a student I had a class by Andrew Wiles. I doubt he'd remember me. But I got a B+.”
The Simpsons, Weekdays at 6pm, Channel 4. Season 26 will start on Sky 1 in early November. Al Jean and David X Cohen will appear with Simon Singh, author of The Simpsons and Their Mathematical Secrets (out this month in paperback), at the Science Museum on Friday; sciencemuseum.org.uk/simpsons
WATCH: The Simpsons meets Family Guy: watch the first clip
Trade benefits of EU are 'imaginary': Report finds exports to Europe have grown at slower rate than trade with countries outside over the past 40 years
Exports to Europe grown at slower rate than with other leading countries
Trade with countries outside EU increased over same period, report says
Fears about loss of jobs if Britain left EU, are false Civitas report suggests
The trade advantages of being in the European Union single market are ‘imaginary' and have not helped British exports, according to a new report.
It claims the UK's exports to Europe have grown at a slower rate than our trade with other leading countries outside the EU bloc, over the past four decades.
And the proportion of EU trade within Britain's total exports of goods and services abroad, is no higher than when Britain joined the European Economic Community in 1973, at just over 60pc.
UK¿s exports to Europe have grown at a slower rate than our trade with other leading countries outside the EU bloc, over the past four decades
Meanwhile, it points out that Britain's trade with countries outside the EU – such Iceland, Norway and Switzerland – has increased enormously over the same period.
The report from the centre-right think tank Civitas, using trade figures from the OECD, suggests fears about losing and jobs and growth if Britain leaves the European Union may be misplaced.
When campaigning ahead of the last referendum on membership in 1975, then Prime Minister Harold Wilson told the public that it was ‘the world's most powerful trading bloc'.
But the author Burrage, a former academic at the London School of Economics and now director of an Asian market research firm, said new figures made clear the single market had ‘changed nothing'.
In first study of its kind, they showed exports of UK goods to the 14 nations who were members before 2004 have not increased as a proportion of trade with all OECD nations.
European Union countries accounted for 63.9pc of exports when Britain joined the common market in 1973. Despite highs of up to 70pc in the late 1980s and in 2004, it slowly fell to 61.9pc by 2012.
The authors say UK goods exported to non-EU Iceland, Norway and Switzerland more than doubled over this period from 5.1pc to 10.7pc. Services exported to them trebled from 6.1pc to 20.2pc, A list of countries which were the fastest growing exports to the initial members of the EU over the past 20 years found rapidly-growing Vietnam in first place, followed by Qatar and China.
The report authors say UK goods exported to non-EU Iceland, Norway and Switzerland more than doubled over this period from 5.1pc to 10.7pc (library image)
Britain was in 28th place, just below Egypt. The value of UK exports to European countries is way behind those from Germany, France and even the United States which was behind Britain until 2011.
Mr Burrage rules out the argument that UK producers have not adapted to the opportunities offered by the single market.
They found the fastest growing markets for UK good and services are mostly outside the EU, with Qatar, China, Turkey and Korea. They are all ahead of the initial 14 EU countries.
The report from the centre-right think tank Civitas suggests fears about losing and jobs if Britain leaves the European Union may be misplaced (library image)
‘Over the 40 years of EU membership, for all the costs and obligations incurred, for all the treaties negotiated, and for all the immense amounts of time and anguish spent arguing about various aspects of the EU project, the proportion of UK exports going to the UK's future EU partners has changed hardly at all', they said.
‘While the share of UK exports to fellow EU members has been virtually stable, the share going to non-members in Europe has risen steadily, leading one to suspect that both insider advantages and outsider disadvantages are imaginary.'
The study also cast doubt on pro-European claims that Britain had more clout to negotiate trade agreements as part of the EU.
There were 25 EU free-trade agreements in force in 2012 while non-EU Switzerland had independently negotiated 26, the report said.
In a ‘balance of competences' review ordered by the government, and published in February, most businesses said they felt EU rules were ‘beneficial to the national interest'.
However they said there were concerns about how it exercises its power and the costs of membership.
Leading eSports team Fnatic and global games market intelligence firm Newzoo have partnered “to provide deep and global insights into the eSports audience.”
Fnatic has been around since 2004 and is now the leading eSports organization in the world. They also have six professional teams who compete at the highest level in a multitude of games from CS:GO to Dota2. They have close to 6 million followers globally. Newzoo on the other hand, is the leading games market intelligence firm. They provide market trends, financial analysis, revenue projections, consumer insights, data modelling solutions and predictive analytics services across all continents, screen and business models. They work with the top 25 public companies by game revenue globally, indie developers and top global hardware and media companies.
Both companies are in different areas of eSports but have a common understanding of where the future of eSports will go, so they are strategically working together to combine their strengths. They will be mutually benefiting each other in a couple of ways. Fnatic will be “actively supporting Newzoo's quarterly updated Global Growth of eSports Report and the eSports Audience and Revenue Model behind it. Newzoo will assist Fnatic in sizing and profiling the global and local opportunities for its sponsors and media partners using Newzoo's eSports consumer research in 27 countries.”
“Slowly but surely, companies ranging from big global advertising brands to traditional media giants are realizing that eSports is more than a stand-alone and temporary phenomenon. The business, consumer and technology trends that are driving the explosive growth of eSports are reshaping digital media as a whole and accelerating the inevitable disruption of the traditional media space. Streamers and eSports athletes are the new celebrities. Teams are at the very epicenter of change and I am extremely proud to work with the most popular, professional and fun team in this space.” ~Peter Warman, CEO, Newzoo
“Esports is receiving so much attention from press, media companies and advertisers that it is not surprising that many reach out to Fnatic, having been around for over 10 years and now the most popular team worldwide. On a daily basis, we find ourselves explaining eSports as a phenomenon to the world. We have been using Newzoo's work in this space for quite a while. Following a number of discussions that took place across the globe, we discovered the unique insights this partnership will deliver, from industry-wide trends do deep audience insights that can help our existing partners and new non-endemic brands looking to enter and find value in the vastly growing eSports audience‘. ~Wouter Sleijffers, CEO, Fnatic
Source: newzoo.com
Share 7 Email 7 Shares
URBANDALE, Iowa – In just 28 hours, the Iowa caucuses would begin. It was Sunday afternoon and Neal Sales-Griffin stood on 50th St. in this city of 40,000 just outside of Des Moines, canvassing for Bernie Sanders. They knew the clock was ticking.
The Chicago native said they had knocked on 125 doors so far this weekend. Mid-afternoon, the weather mild, they planned to hit another 50 by sunset.
Get all of VTDigger's daily news. You'll never miss a story with our daily headlines in your inbox.
“It's game time,” they said. “This is game time, right now.”
Sales-Griffin grew up on the south side of Chicago, a tough neighborhood made famous by Jim Croce and Bad, Bad Leroy Brown. Still today, it is plagued by drug use, underfunded schools and gang activity. But Sales-Griffin got out. They attended college in an affluent suburb a few miles away, at Northwestern University. Now 28, Sales-Griffin runs a high-end experimental school in Chicago that offers classes exclusively in technology, called the Starter League.
A few months ago, they started Feeling the Bern. So they decided he'd rent a car, drive to Des Moines, snag a hotel room and spend the weekend working for the Vermont senator.
“I've never been more energized by a candidate in my entire life,” they said. “I'm all about the issues — the issues — actions. I was actually more for [Ralph] Nader than I was for Obama back in 2008 because of what they stood for.”
Sales-Griffin is charming and funny and positive. That helps when knocking on strangers' doors.
In two hours with Sales-Griffin, the energetic Sanders volunteer cordially took them all on, talking politics with Sanders and Clinton supporters, and even some Republicans.
VTDigger is underwritten by:
When someone wasn't home, they left a caucus card on their door. When dogs barked, they ignored them. When homeowners told them they were planning to caucus for Sanders, they smiled. Once when that happened, they even jumped up on their tippy toes.
They were always cordial. Yet they always pushed to change their minds.
“I got a Ben Carson supporter to flip the other day,” they said, proudly.
The most crucial work for Sanders canvassers is to sway potential Clinton supporters. When Sales-Griffin knocked on the door of a woman leaning towards the former secretary of state, Sales-Griffin delivered an eloquent, concise counterargument that just may have done the trick:
Some homeowners in middle-class neighborhoods put up signs begging political canvassers to stay away. And a number of Iowans told Sales-Griffin and their team that they were sick of all the phone calls and text messages from Team Sanders.
“I don't know if I'm going to keep supporting Sanders if you keep calling and texting me,” one woman said, half-joking.
Iowa State Director Pete D'Allesandro is the man behind the phone calls and the text messages (he runs the general get-out-the-caucus strategy.) They usually wear a black Sanders hoodie. They say they don't own a tie.
The intense voter outreach, which can seem incessant to Iowans, is the juice that keeps D'Allesandro fired up. Their political mantra is: “Democracy is a verb.”
“Our job is, between now and Tuesday, getting to their doors as many times to remind ‘em: Monday night's the caucus, you've gotta be there by 7, try to get there by 6:30, so you don't get shut out.”
While Sales-Griffin was canvassing in Urbandale, D'Allesandro was working out of the main Sanders headquarters in Des Moines. The bustling office is tucked between a grocery store and an H & R Block at a suburban strip mall.
Volunteers were phone-banking. Staffers worked in a big spacious room, empty Red Bull energy drinks and Starbucks coffee cups littering the tables, some with that last drop or two still in the bottom.
Homemade signs on the wall read “Bern the Banks” and “Hipsters for Bernie.”
The last Des Moines Register poll before caucus day — released Saturday — put Clinton a hair ahead of Sanders in the Hawkeye state, 45 percent – 42 percent, within the margin of error.
D'Allesandro acknowledges how close the race is, but thinks Sanders and the campaign have sunk enough time and resources into Iowa for caucus results to be promising.
Sanders attended 113 events over 19 trips to the Hawkeye State. There are now 26 major offices here, and another 62 temporary staging areas have been temporarily opened to facilitate organizing and canvassing for the caucus.
Transportation on caucus day is crucial. D'Allesandro is confident.
“I think we've probably rented every van in a four-state area, just in case,” they said, smiling.
With the race so close, Team Sanders has ramped up outreach to high school students and the Latino community.
Iowa caucus rules allow 17-year-old students who will be 18 by the general election to participate, and Sanders is hoping to take advantage of this rule. Politico first reported the strategy, which includes sending text messages and YouTube ads directly to young Iowans.
Sanders has also been meeting regularly with high school students during private meetings before rallies. They also talked to civics classes throughout the state, advisers said.
“It kind of happened organically,” D'Allesandro said. “High school kids were walking into our offices all summer asking for T-shirts, asking for buttons, saying ‘Hey I already started a Bernie group at my high school, can I get some swag to bring back?'”
Another key, yet small, demographic in Iowa that Sanders is targeting are Latinos.
A few miles away from the Des Moines headquarters is El Malecon, an event center and bar near the Des Moines airport. The walls are decorated with Corona beer signs and a chalk board advertising South of the Border drink specials.
Tacos and burritos wait on the bar as members of the League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa hold a training session about how the caucuses work. It's an organizing event aimed at giving Latino Iowans a louder voice in national politics.
Near the bar is Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz., the most high-profile Latino to endorse Sanders.
Grijalva, along with Chicago commissioner Chuy Garcia, spent Sunday morning stumping on behalf of Sanders to a crowd of mostly Latino workers at a meatpacking plant in Marshalltown.
Congressman Grijalva said it's important for Latinos to be politically active, and with the race so close, they hope to get Latinos out in force Monday to caucus for Sanders.
“The Latino community in Iowa understands that while they might be five or six percent of it, in a race this close — and as contested as this one — they could play a pivotal role,” Grijalva said.
While Sanders has been critical of recent deportation raids by the Obama administration, Grijalva said Latinos connect to many other parts of Sanders' platform.
One of the 50 or so Latinos at the caucus training session is Hector Salamanca Arroyo, a 22-year-old undocumented immigrant living in Des Moines. While they can't caucus because of their undocumented status, they can still serve as a precinct captain.
Arroyo said they support Sanders' proposals on the environment and education, as well as immigration reform.
“I want to see someone who runs a progressive agenda but also encompasses a lot of progressive ideals, and I think Bernie Sanders does that,” Arroyo said.
While the campaign is vigorously courting various voting blocs, Sanders themselves acknowledges the difficulties getting them out to caucus on a cold winter night.
“My prediction is that if tomorrow night there is a large voter turnout we win,” Sanders said near the end of a packed bus tour in Marshalltown. “On the other hand, if there is a low voter turnout, we'll probably lose.”
But Sanders made the case for high turnout, telling voters “if you are not fighting for your rights, who's going to fight for you?”
The powerful “don't want you to participate,” Sanders said.
In the debate about the government's Brexit strategy, a good deal of ink has been spilt on the finer distinctions of the single market and the customs union.
Our panel's verdict on Theresa May's Brexit speech Read more
Tuesday's speech by the prime minister – which confirmed they plan to take Britain out of the single market and parts of the customs union – will doubtless lead to more. But I'm not sure how much clarity this debate has provided – or will provide.
In my Bloomberg speech last December, I attempted to put Labour's position succinctly by focusing on function not form.
I indicated then that Labour would push for a Brexit model that maintains and protects our ability to successfully trade goods with and deliver services to the EU.
I spelt out what that meant: a model that ensures continued tariff-free trade for UK businesses with the EU; a model that ensures any new regulatory frameworks do not add bureaucratic burdens or risk harmful divergence from the EU market; a model that protects the competitiveness of our services and manufacturing sectors; and a model that ensures that existing protections at work provided by the EU are maintained.
Having travelled across the country in the last three months, it is clear to me that businesses, both large and small, as well as many trade unions and working people, agree with this approach.
On Tuesday, Theresa May accepted the importance of these demands and promised to aim for “tariff-free trade with Europe” and a “comprehensive” free trade agreement that would ensure the “freedom to provide financial services across national borders”. They also stated that they wanted to “protect the rights of workers” set out in European legislation.'
That was the right thing to do. It is also important that the prime minister finally accepted Labour's demand for there to be a vote on the final Brexit deal. This will ensure there is proper grip in the process and a key role for parliament in holding the government to account.
But there were also significant gaps in the prime minister's speech – in particular over how they plan to deliver on these objectives.
That will take a lot of explaining, and they are taking a significant risk by giving up on membership of the single market and parts of the customs union. This will alarm many businesses and trade unions, so it is vital the government now produces robust economic analysis and a plan for delivery to support their decision.
The prime minister's comment that the government does “not seek to hold on to bits of membership as we leave” also leaves serious questions about our future role in a wide range of common EU agencies.
Does this mean, for example, that we will soon be outside of the European Aviation Safety Agency, which certifies aircraft before they are allowed to fly? The European Medicines Agency, which ensures all medicines in the EU market are safe and effective? Or Europol and Eurojust – agencies I worked closely with when I was the director of public prosecutions and I know have been vital in tackling cross-border crime and terrorism? If so, this would be profoundly counterproductive.
This uncertainty is compounded by the prime minister's threat to “change the basis of Britain's economic model” if they fail to get the agreement they want. We have to assume this is not a hollow threat and that the prime minister is willing to rip up many of the economic policies and principles that have guided successive UK governments for decades.
This brings into question their commitment to a whole host of social, economic and workplace rights. There is no mandate for the government to do this and it would – contrary to the prime minister's belief – be an act of self-harm for Britain, and diminish our place in the world.
May can think big all they like. Britain's about to find out just how small it is | Rafael Behr Read more
Labour will of course fight against this throughout the negotiating process. We are also actively considering amendments to any legislation the prime minister may be required to introduce after the Supreme Court makes its imminent ruling on the article 50 case.
So while we did not learn everything about the prime minister's intentions for Brexit, we did learn more. Frankly it is extraordinary it has taken this long, and that the prime minister chose to make this announcement in a speech rather than in parliament.
But there is now the basis of a plan. The prime minister owns it, and the decision to take Britain out of the single market is theirs alone.
What matters now is how they deliver the aspirations they have set out. That is how this prime minister and this government will be judged.
Labour will hold them to account every step of the way.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) unveiled their single-payer health-care plan in a jam-packed Senate hearing room on Wednesday and to millions more watching online and on cable television, highlighting their newfound status as a Capitol Hill power player.
“Here is the simple truth,” Sanders, flanked by nine of their Democratic colleagues, said after walking into the room to cheers and applause.
“Our opponents on this issue have the money and they have the power, but if millions of people across this country stand up, get involved in the political process and fight back, I have no doubt — none whatsoever — that this nation, sooner than people believe, will in fact pass a ‘Medicare for all' single-payer system, and finally, finally, health care will be a right for all in the United States of America.”
In 2013, no one co-sponsored a similar Sanders single-payer bill, and in 2015, when they announced their long-shot presidential bid, a relatively small group of reporters showed up to a park outside the Capitol.
At their hourlong announcement on Wednesday, Sanders spoke to a crowd of about 300, and at times shared the stage with other Democratic stars — and potential rivals if they decide to make another White House run in 2020.
“It is an enormous honor to stand with each of you to say never again does anyone go bankrupt just because they got sick,” said Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (Mass.), one of the 16 Democratic co-sponsors on the bill.
“We will not back down in our protection of the Affordable Care Act,” said Warren, one of seven Democrats to make remarks at Wednesday's event.
“We will defend it at every turn, but we will go further, we will go further and we will say in this country everyone, everyone gets a right to basic health care. That's what Medicare for all is all about, and that's why we're here.”
The bill would expand Medicare into a national health insurance program, extending comprehensive health insurance to every U.S. resident. There wouldn't be any premiums, co-payments or deductibles under the Sanders approach.
The program would be rolled out over a four-year period, with the eligibility age dropping every year until every U.S. resident is covered. Those ages 18 and under would automatically be eligible in the first year.
Health insurance would essentially be separated from employment, as the program would cover a full range of benefits, including inpatient and outpatient hospital care, prescription drugs, mental health and substance abuse treatment, and maternity care.
Sanders noted that employees won't have to be stuck in jobs they don't want because they're afraid of losing health insurance, which prompted one supporter to murmur, “Exactly, exactly.”
Materials released in tandem with the bill attempt to thwart one of the biggest criticisms of single-payer — how to pay for it.
Financing options include a 7.5 percent income-based premium to be paid by employers, a 4 percent income-based premium to be paid by households, changes to the estate tax and a new tax on the top 0.1 percent of Americans based on income.
The White House was unimpressed with the Sanders plan.
Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders called it a “horrible” idea.
“I can't think of anything worse than having government be more involved in your health care instead of less involved,” they said.
They also belittled the Vermont senator, saying that if their ideas were as popular as they thought, they would have won last year's Democratic primary and been elected president.
“He pushed these ideas forward during the campaign and they were rejected, not just by America but by Democrats,” they said. “He didn't make it through the primary; they didn't make it into the Oval. I think that's a pretty clear indication of what Americans want to see, and it's not single-payer.”
The legislation has no real hope of movement in a Republican-controlled Congress, and even Democratic leaders have stopped short of endorsing it.
Centrists worried about winning reelection in the House and Senate are staying away, even as it seems more and more likely that the path to the Democratic presidential nomination will require an embrace of the issue.
Besides Warren, other potential Democratic presidential candidates signing on to the bill and attending the event included Sens. Cory Booker Cory Anthony BookerSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president MORE (N.J.), Kamala Harris Kamala Devi HarrisSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Kamala Harris hits Trump on Fourth of July tweet: 'It's America's birthday, not their birthday' MORE (Calif.) and Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (N.Y.).
Supporters of the bill said they'd look to make improvements to the Affordable Care Act that Trump has called a disaster even as they looked forward to the day where they could drive a single-payer bill through Congress.
“Think about it as a car,” said Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), a co-sponsor.
“You want to buy a new car, let's say next year. In the meantime, your car right now — the one you own — needs a tire change, needs oil.
“So I think we need to continue to improve the Affordable Care Act, but I think it's feasible that we can do ‘Medicare for all' in the next few years.”
Axis "Discouraged"
Published Aug 20, 2015
It's been a couple of years since Florida wrecking crew Axis issued their split EP with Self Defense Family, but the band are finally back with more noisecore-styled ear damage. Just ahead of dropping their full-length debut,, the band and Exclaim! have teamed up to debut the all-out assault that is "Discouraged."Though packing plenty of punch for modern-day hardcore crowds, the track definitely recalls the discordant '90s work of Turmoil, Deadguy and Kiss It Goodbye. "Discouraged" hits like a sledgehammer, with atonal, chunky riffage and bone-bashing grooves supporting fully fierce tough guy howling.Lest you be, well, discouraged by the fury Axis has to offer, you can stream the song down below.arrives September 4 via Good Fight Music . The band is currently out on a U.S. tour, and you can see the remainder of their summer dates over here
Story highlights Irish official says family members will begin arriving in U.S. on Tuesday night
Five of people killed were from Ireland, police say
They were celebrating someone's 21st birthday, Irish foreign minister says
(CNN) An apartment balcony collapsed during a birthday party attended by Irish students in the California city of Berkeley early Tuesday, killing six of the 13 people who fell from the fourth-floor structure, officials said.
Three men and three women in their early 20s died following the collapse, officials told reporters. Five of the victims were from Ireland and one was from California, said Sgt. J.D. Nelson of the Alameda County Sheriff's Department.
Those Irish citizens who fell from the balcony at the Library Gardens Apartments were students with short-term work visas, gathered in an apartment to celebrate someone's 21st birthday, Irish Foreign Minister Charlie Flanagan said earlier.
At an afternoon news conference, Nelson released their names: Olivia Burke, 21; Eimear Walsh, 21; Eoghan Culligan, 21; Niccolai Schuster, 21; and Lorcan Miller, 21.
Ashley Donohoe, 22, from Rohnert Park, California, was also killed.
Read More
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The El Faro disappeared on 1 October
The wreckage found on the seabed off the Bahamas on Saturday is that of a cargo ship that went missing last month, the US National Transportation Safety Board has confirmed.
The vessel, El Faro, went missing during Hurricane Joaquin, while sailing from Florida to Puerto Rico.
A US Navy had been searching the area for more than a week, using a deep ocean remotely-operated vehicle.
The ship had 33 crew members on board. Only one body has been recovered.
The US-flagged 241m (790ft) El Faro sent out a distress signal on 1 October, saying it had lost power and was taking on water.
'Not seaworthy'
Debris was spotted in the ocean in the days after the vessel disappeared.
The wreckage was located on Saturday by a US Navy ship using sonar equipment.
It was found intact and upright, at a depth of 15,000ft, by the remotely operated vehicle, CURV 21.
The 33 crew are believed to be dead. Most of them were US citizens.
Relatives have filed four lawsuits against the ship's owner, Tote Inc, saying it was not seaworthy and chartered a course too close to the hurricane, the Reuters news agency reported.
The company said El Faro was "seaworthy and properly manned".
Image copyright AFP Image caption US Navy contractors departed from Virginia two weeks ago to begin searching for the wreckage
Despite assurances, some residents are nervous after the FBI raided an apartment near Jackson and Polk in San Francisco's Russian Hill neighborhood Saturday. Officials aren't sharing much, but they are looking for the man who lives in that apartment, Ryan Chamberlain, and they say the operation they're investigating is one of the largest ever in San Francisco.The FBI believes Chamberlain is armed and dangerous. They are urging all local law enforcement to search for them and advising anyone that sees them to stay away and call for help. They believe their car could be rigged with explosives.The FBI says it all started with a search warrant for a federal criminal investigation. No one was home when they arrived around 9 a.m. but authorities were at the scene for hours and stayed there late into the evening. At some point in in the evening, there was a loud bang. Sources say they were able to safely disrupt some sort of device.Officials said they found a substance that will be tested to confirm what it is, but at this point they are working on confinement and collection.Dressed in full hazmat suits and masks, investigators walked in and out of the Jackson Street ground-level apartment all day. Only ABC7 News was there as agents rigged a pulley system to remove a tool box from the one-bedroom unit then examined it in the courtyard. At one point, mobile x-ray machines and the bomb disposal robot were both used.Neighbors watched the action from the rooftop. The FBI maintains that no one was in danger or needed to evacuate. "There is no risk to public safety," they told ABC7 News. "The protective equipment you see is for agent safety."Residents of the 16-unit building describe Chamberlain as a quiet man in their late 30s. "I've met them once or twice before. I've seen him, just on Polk Street. But he's kind of a quiet guy, nice enough," neighbor Tiffany Fechter said. Chamberlain had not been seen all day. "Where is they right now? Do they know this is going on? Did they know this was going to happen? It's just so random and weird."Investigators were sprayed off once they emerged from the building. Many folks enjoying the weekend didn't know what to make of the scene. "I thought it just kind of looked like another crazy day in the city. Actually, I thought they were filming a movie, but then you said they weren't," tourist Kelly Clarke said.Around dusk, the fire and police department both switched out their crews as the FBI set up a mobile command truck for the evening ahead. The FBI has not said what they were looking for or what they found.Hazmat crews are only able to enter a location a limited number of times, so they worked late into the night with plans to resume testing, confinement, and collection on Sunday morning.
Freedom of Information request to the BBC has revealed that streaming to Apple's mobile devices is currently significantly more popular than iPlayer on Google Android devices.
Freedom of Information request to the BBC has revealed that streaming to Apple's mobile devices is currently significantly more popular than iPlayer on Google Android devices. Ben Griffiths of the WhatDoTheyKnow website made the request earlier this year, with the BBC providing figures for July in response. The data covered both streaming to Apple iOS devices - iPhone, iPod touch and iPad - and Android 2.2 smartphones using flash 10.1 technology.
The BBC responded: "In July 2010 there were 5,272,464 programmes requested via the BBC iPlayer from Apple iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad devices. For technical reasons we do not hold information on the number of hours of programming to Apple devices."
Regarding Android phones, the BBC replied: "In July 2010, 1,026 hours of programming were streamed from the BBC iPlayer to Android devices. In addition, in order that you may carry out the comparison with Apple devices, we confirm that in July 2010 6,400 programmes were streamed from the BBC iPlayer to Android devices."
Ben Griffiths also asked for information on the number of unique users of each service. The BBC responded: "In July 2010 there was an average of 230,016 Apple mobile devices users accessing programmes via the BBC iPlayer each week, peaking at 248,700 in the week commencing 26 July 2010."
The number of unique IP addresses viewing BBC iPlayer was more difficult to quantify the broadcaster noted: "The BBC launched its streaming of programmes from the BBC iPlayer to Android devices on 23 June 2010. We do not hold information in the form you have requested because we produce only average weekly statistics for our own business purposes."
"For complete weeks since 23 June, the average weekly number of Android device users accessing programmes from the BBC iPlayer was 1,106, peaking at 1,896 in the week commencing 26 July 2010."
As John Gruber of Daring Fireball fame points out, the huge difference in streaming numbers is likely to be down to Flash compatibility issues on Android based smartphones. "Why so striking a difference? Because Android users can only access iPlayer using Flash, Flash is only available on Android 2.2, and the overwhelming majority of Android handsets - even brand-new ones - are still running older versions of the OS," Gruber writes.
Another explanation could be the prevalence of third party applications capable of streaming iPlayer content to Android devices without Flash. Users of the MyPlayer application for example, can stream BBC radio and television programmes directly within the application, rather than visiting the website. In this case, the BBC may not be able to quantify the number of users on the Android platform.
Tesla doesn't like to talk about its battery cost as it complicates an already complex supply chain with several suppliers, including long-time partner Panasonic, and new ones like LG and Samsung. But the company felt the need to comment this week following a new analysis of the Model 3's cost by Jon Bereisa, CEO of Auto Lectrification and former chief engineer of the Chevy Volt program.
Colin Langan, a UBS analyst covering Tesla for the firm, hosted a call with Bereisa to gain some insights for its financial model of the company.
In a new note (via StreetInsider), Langan writes that Bereisa's Model 3 estimate cost breakdown adds up to the vehicle being unprofitable for Tesla. They estimate the Model 3's factory variable cost (FVC) to be $1,510 above its $35,000 starting price, while they see the Chevy Bolt's FVC at $4,980 below its $37,500 starting price.
Bereisa based their analysis on the base Model 3 being offered with a 60 kWh battery, like the Bolt, and on Tesla achieving a cost of ~$190/kWh. They estimate that Tesla's current battery pack cost (cells, casing, cooling and entire pack) is at $260/kWh, while GM's is at $215/kWh. GM's cells and battery pack are manufactured by its partner LG Chem.
It's interesting to note that Bereisa worked at GM for decades and they were one of the top engineers working on electric vehicles at the automaker ever since the EV1 program.
Tesla's Vice-President of Investor Relations, Jeff Evanson, jumped in on the call between Langan and Bereisa to correct their analysis. Evanson stated that Tesla's battery pack cost is already below $190/kWh – meaning at least 26% less than Bereisa's current estimate – and that the base Model 3 will be offered with a battery pack option smaller than 60 kWh, like Bereisa assumed.
We reached out to Tesla for a transcript of what Evanson said exactly and we will update if the company gets back to us.
During the Model 3 unveiling last month, Tesla CEO Elon Musk said that the base Model 3, which is expected to start at $35,000 before incentives, will have a range of over 215 miles on a single charge. While Musk didn't confirm the energy capacity of the pack, it will be impressive if Tesla can achieve such a range on a less than 60 kWh packs, like Evanson is now suggesting.
During the call, Evanson also said that the Model 3 will be partially made of aluminum, something Tesla officials said in the past. While the car's chassis should end up heavier on volume than the all-aluminum Model S, the Model 3 is about 20% smaller than its older brother, which should compensate and help achieve a 215+ miles range on a less than 60 kWh packs.
The Model S was originally offered with a 60 kWh battery option which has since been discontinued. The version of the all-electric sedan was advertised with a 208 miles range but is much heavier/bigger than the Model 3.
As a comparison, the similar sized Nissan Leaf now has a 30kWh battery pack option with an EPA rating of 107 miles (116 City/95 Highway miles).
New Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella wants their employees looking ahead at future opportunities instead of resting on the laurels of past successes. And they seem to think getting rid of the old organizational structure, which happened when ex-CEO Steve Ballmer unfurled the "One Microsoft" plan in July, is an important first step down this road.
In an interview with The New York Times that ran Thursday, Nadella acknowledged that Microsoft's leadership will need to tackle market opportunities differently than it has done in the past.
"Culturally, I think we have operated as if we had the formula figured out, and it was all about optimizing, in its various constituent parts, the formula. Now it is about discovering the new formula," Nadella told The New York Times. "So the question is: How do we take the intellectual capital of 130,000 people and innovate where none of the category definitions of the past will matter?"
[Related: Microsoft PR Chief Says Apple, Google And Amazon Might Not Always Be So Popular ]
"One Microsoft" is supposed to be about getting business units cooperating with each other instead of competing. And Microsoft already has made some progress on this front. Last November, the software giant ditched its controversial stack ranking system, which employees loathed because it bred friction and negativity within the ranks.
Nadella told The New York Times that Microsoft needs to "invent things that are really going to drive our future," and stay the course on potentially game-changing products that aren't delivering huge financial returns.
"So you have to be able to sense those early indicators of success, and the leadership has to really lean in and not let things die on the vine," Nadella said in the interview. "When you have a $70 billion business, something that's $1 million can feel irrelevant. But that $1 million business might be the most relevant thing we are doing."
While Nadella didn't mention it, Microsoft's Courier tablet, which emerged from the R&D shadows in 2009, could be considered an example of a promising product that fell victim to opposing viewpoints within the company's executive leadership. Even if Courier had flopped in the marketplace, Microsoft could have learned from it and potentially been farther down the path to hardware than it is right now with Surface tablets.
Andrew Brust, CEO of Microsoft analyst firm Blue Badge Insights, New York, told CRN he's optimistic about the company's future under Nadella because the 22-year Microsoft veteran is a listener who eschews the "my way or the highway" approach.
"He is much more thoughtful, humble and practical than that," Brust said of Nadella. "Whether he's up to that task of propagating their style into the company culture is something we'll have to wait and see."
PUBLISHED FEB. 21, 2014
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Most women murdered in Memphis and Shelby County are killed by someone they're married to or have a relationship with.
In a majority of those homicides, the weapon used was a gun.
WREG Investigator Stephanie Scurlock found while it's against the law for known abusers to have firearms, loopholes still allow them to get their hands on guns.
"While I was sleep they came and started to beat me out of my sleep. I was beaten until I was unconscious. Until this day no doctors can tell me how long I was on the ground unconscious," said Marissa Jackson, a survivor.
Jackson shared their story of being tortured and kidnapped by their then boyfriend in hopes they can make a difference.
"I'm just grateful that they did not have a gun because I probably would not be sitting here talking to you," they said.
According to the Associated Press, in the past 9 years, Arkansas had 79 reported cases where a firearm was used in a domestic homicide.
Mississippi had 85.
The number in Tennessee is more than the other two states combined at 258.
Tennessee law forbids those convicted of domestic violence assault from possessing a gun.
It also stops those who have orders of protection against them from having weapons, but victim's advocates say there is a problem with enforcement.
"We have seen cases where the person can say well I've given the guns to my brother in law or my friend. Who's to prevent that person from going over to the friends house and getting access to those guns," said Olliette Murry-Drobot from the Family Safety Center.
Changing the way the law is enforced is a new joint effort between the Family Safety Center in Memphis and the Nashville Family Justice Center.
"There are some gaps in that process in terms of enforcement and it's not clear in terms of what agency or what the court should do to make sure that petitioner, there's no access to guns," said Murry-Drobot.
There's also what some people call the gun show loophole that lets abusers buy guns.
At gun shows. Federally licensed gun sellers must do background checks. Private sellers are not required to perform a check.
Evette Porter wants to do their part to help strengthen the laws.
"I think gun control is very important in eliminating domestic violence," said Porter.
Them best friend, Taffi Crawford was shot to death in 2010 by Memphis Firefighter Frank Graham, someone they dated.
They had a permit to legally carry a weapon even though they had a history of violence against women.
That prior arrest had come before the law changed.
"I think if we keep them out of their hands, then we'll have fewer fatalities," said Porter.
Advocates say the state made strides in protecting victims, but Tennessee lawmakers don't seem in a hurry to create more domestic violence laws.
They didn't address the loopholes this year and a plan to create a DV Registry died.
"If someone demonstrates a history of domestic violence, then I think in some parts. He's given up some of those rights," said Murry-Drobot.
Survivors say other gaps in the law also puts them at risk.
An order of protection can stop an abuser from possessing a weapon, but it doesn't last forever.
"You can't get another order of protection unless they do something else to you," Jackson said.
Jackson's abuser spent two months in jail.
She's glad they haven't seen or heard from them since then.
However, for the sake of other women, she'd like Tennessee to strengthen its laws to keep them and other abusers from having easy access to guns.
On November 25, Morgan Richards Interviews conducted an interview with guitarist/vocalist Matt Tuck of Welsh metallers BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE at the first show of the band's recent U.K. headlining tour. You can now watch the chat below. A couple of excerpts follow (transcribed by BLABBERMOUTH.NET).
On BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE's latest song, "Don't Need You", which was released as a standalone single last November:
Matt: "The creative juices never stop, really; it's just getting opportunities during a touring cycle to put them down. So that three-week window that we had before we recorded 'Don't Need You' was the only time we had off this year where we were able to do anything. So, yeah, the creative juices never turn off; it's just finding the time to capture them and release them, let alone just demo them somewhat. But we had three weeks, we knew the tour was coming up, we thought, 'Let's do something cool to get everyone excited and refresh the vibe.'"
On BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE's previously announced plans to release an EP before the end of 2016:
Matt: "'Don't Need You' is the EP. We used up every single hour of every day we had off in that three-week window, and that's what we came out with. We had expected to do more than one song, but it started to take on such a good vibe that we wanted to spend all the time on making sure that this track was just killer. So that's what we did, instead of writing a bunch of stuff for the sake of it, and we're so glad we did, 'cause it's such a quality track now. And we just gave it the time and attention it deserved."
On being masters of their own destiny:
Matt: "We've been very lucky that we have achieved everything we set out to do. We've always done it by our rules, not having anyone dictate what we should do, how we should sound, what to do next. Everything we do and everything that's come out from this band has been purely us. So that's kind of the way we roll, and that's the way we will continue to roll. It's just kind of enjoy every moment, really."
BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE recently signed a worldwide deal with Search And Destroy/Spinefarm Records.
The band's last studio album, "Venom", was released in August 2015 via RCA. The CD marked BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE 's first release since the departure of longtime bassist Jason James and addition of Mathias (formerly of REVOKER).
BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE drummer Michael "Moose" Thomas took a temporary leave of absence from the band last year to spend time with their wife, as they awaited the birth of their first child. They have since been replaced on the road by Jason Bowld (PITCHSHIFTER, AXEWOUND).
Microsoft has started classifying most versions of the Ask Toolbar as unwanted software and has updated its malware programs to automatically remove them.
The move drew applause from security and support professionals because the Ask Toolbar has long been a source of performance problems that can sometimes be hard to correct. Making the toolbar more vexing is its ability to sneak its way on to computers when end users aren't paying attention. Oracle's Java software framework, for instance, has long installed it automatically unless users remember to uncheck a hard-to-see box during updates. Even after unchecking the box during one update, the box would be checked during subsequent updates, requiring end users to remain vigilant each time they installed frequent security fixes for Java.
In a recent addition to Microsoft's Malware Protection Center, the company said all but the most recent version of the Ask Toolbar will be classified as unwanted software. As a result, Windows Defender, Microsoft Security Essentials, and Microsoft Security Scanner will automatically remove it when detected.
"This software poses a high threat to your PC," Microsoft's recent entry warned.
Microsoft hasn't said exactly why the toolbar is being banished or why the move is coming only now. The list of criteria for determining what is unwanted software covers unwanted behavior, the delivery of unwanted advertising, a loss of user privacy, and input from end users. In a blog post published two weeks ago, Microsoft officials said they were going to get tough on apps with search protection functionality, meaning those that take control of a browser's search functionality. In April, Google began cracking down on Chrome browser extensions after classifying many of them as malicious.
Update: A spokesperson for the Ask Toolbar developer said Microsoft's move banishing older versions affects less than one percent of the toolbar's user base.
The idea that sex can relieve stress for couples is pervasive in popular culture. For example, most of you have probably heard the classic song Sexual Healing by Marvin Gaye. Many of you have probably also seen television shows and movies that feature storylines about the wonders of “makeup sex” following a couple's argument (which, according to Jerry Seinfeld, is the second best type of sex you can have after “conjugal visit sex”). So is there any truth to this idea? Is sex really a stress-reliever? According to a new study, yes—but only for couples who are in satisfying relationships to begin with [1].
In this study, 75 heterosexual men and women who were living with a romantic partner completed a sex diary for 18 consecutive weekdays. Participants filled out their diary alone each night in which they reported on the amount of stress they had experienced in the past 24 hours (i.e., how many stressful events occurred and how stressful each one was) and indicated whether they had sexual intercourse that day.
The researchers found that experiencing a high level of stress increased the likelihood of having intercourse the following day. In addition, when sex followed a particularly high stress day, it reduced reports of stress on the following day; when a high stress day was not followed by sex, there was not as much of a decrease in stress the next day. To put it more simply, when couples had sex, they felt less stress afterward than they did before. However, it is important to point out that this finding held only for couples who reported that their relationship was satisfying at the start of the study; for couples who were dissatisfied with their relationship, there was no stress-reducing effect of sex.
This research is limited in that it only examined heterosexual couples and only considered the potential stress relief associated with vaginal intercourse. Thus, it is not clear whether the same benefits would apply in same-sex couples or in couples who engage in other types of sexual activities. However, these results suggest that sex does have the potential to heal us from stress, but only if we are involved in a good relationship.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] Ein-Dor, T., & Hirschberger, G. (2012). Sexual healing: Daily diary evidence that sex relieves stress for men and women in satisfying relationships. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, 29, 126-139. doi: 10.1177/0265407511431185
Image Source: iStockphoto.com
You Might Also Like:
Rajvi Glasbrook Griffiths on how cultural literacy is one of the most powerful modes of social mobility and progress, and the arts are an undeniable resource
Rajvi Glasbrook Griffiths is Literacy Leader at Glan Usk Primary School
Poet Patrick Jones has recently spoken about their son's comprehensive school, where only the ‘higher' English sets have been entered to take the GCSE English Literature exams this year, leaving nearly two-thirds of the school's pupils without the opportunity. In Wales, English Literature is not a statutory qualification.
Under the scrutiny of the media, parents, challenge advisors, Estyn and a very public colour-rating system, schools are under enormous pressure to ‘get results' – 5 GCSEs at A*-C. The devaluing of English Literature provides schools a means by which to raise their numbers. If the fifth GCSE can be something perhaps less challenging than English Literature, it raises pass percentages. It may show a rise in the ‘free school meal' pupil pass rate; it may even aid the school in a move from one colour rating to the next. Nationally, schools in Wales can be reported as improving. Kirsty Williams can proclaim that the deprivation attainment gap is reducing, and so a key Welsh Government educational priority is being met. Such is the power of data without context and moving goalposts. It would an acceptable strategy if only:
reading literature was not fundamental to the development of language and communication as a whole
the deprivation gap was one solved by GCSE exam results alone
There are few educational goalposts less unethical in the moving. Exposure to typical GCSE set texts like ‘Of Mice and Men' or ‘Macbeth' are, for many, the first foray into a world beyond their immediate. At the very least, reading these books opens new places and ways of thinking, brings awareness of the power of language, and begins the decoding of big questions: why people are like they are and why events may happen as they do.
Arguably, the prescribed range on the Literacy Framework includes a study of rich texts, but this does not factor in the demands of the English Language GCSE syllabus; nor are newspaper articles and persuasive advertisements the equivalent of enduring literary classics of historical and cultural importance. Cultural literacy is one of the most powerful modes of social mobility and progress, and the arts are an undeniable resource. Removing universal access to literature from those pupils who may need it most with the short-term aim of bagging a secure GCSE is elitism. It is, by its very nature, a widener of the deprivation gap, as opposed to a narrower. It is not a leap in logic to anticipate that children growing up in homes without books will be less likely to choose English Literature as a qualification, given the option. It is a decision that takes away something from those who may, through their schooling, need it most.
Literature is not solely a means to social mobility either. It is infinitely more vital. The Big Issue's Why Books Matter campaign has a clear message: ‘We know literacy is key. Without reading skills, doors close and futures become darker.' Literature gives language an intellectual, emotional, social, context-transcending home. It gives human beings an internal life, and resources of a nature that, although immeasurable, may be a lifeline. No research could provide certain data on when, how and where someone, whether they passed their GCSEs or not, may pick up a book and find peace, voice or salvation through it. The words of Aaron Morgan, 29, currently homeless and living on the streets of Cardiff in the Western Mail (27.2.17) are as potent as they are resonant: ‘For a lot of people a book is just a story, it's just a thing to do to keep them entertained. Well for me it is more than that. Each book is 20 hours of distraction, 20 hours where I don't have to think about where I am or how I got here. It's time I can be somewhere, anywhere.'
Campaigns against exam boards withdrawing A-Level Art History, the Classics and Archaeology gained significantly strong support in England recently, with strong arguments about academic access to the arts, cultural literacy and, above all, the most important educational tenet of all, equality of chance. So powerful was the Courtauld Institute backed campaign that indeed the decision was reversed and A Level Art History saved. In Wales, the impact of this triumph was precisely nil since, here, these subjects have been done away with for some time now. The demotion of GCSE English Literature by schools cannot be allowed to pass as noiselessly. It is a short-term-gain driven measure that misses entirely the inseparable connections between literature, language and society. A loud shame for a nation once celebrated for its poetry and bardic tradition.
No politician or teacher enters their profession to reduce standards and make things worse. Yet we regularly exist within flawed structures and pressures of our own making, in which the purpose of education and equity can become confused. Without pause for reflection, to assess priorities, and challenge decisions such as these, expectations are lowered and purpose is lost.
