Intro
While developing components of our products, we love to explore use cases and usability through creating real-world test stands.
0fc is a side-product of WebThemis research: while doing some protocol design for front-end clients with WebThemis services, we wanted to try it in a real-world situation. We've set ourselves a novel idea: end-to-end encrypted webchat, inclined towards client anonymity, giving zero trust to the server, built only with typical Themis primitives.
Always seeking real-world testing of any interesting models and ideas we stumble, we've created a simple web application for Absolutely Discrete Communications :)
With 0fc, you:
don't need client apps (web client app is loaded the first time you connect to host)
don't need static keys
are able to receive temporary invitation key by any channel
are authenticated only by knowledge of this invitation key, which is being issued by chatroom owner
0fc can run on any Google Chrome browser and here's how it looks:
This post outlines the process, security model and protocol. It may be of interest for security protocol designers, Themis users looking forward to seeing an example of complicated security process fully covered by Themis and people generally interested in cryptography.
If you don't feel like reading long blog posts, here's github repository with a short readme, you may just jump straight to the code.
Architecture
0fc consists of 2 classical components: client and server.
Clients are responsible for:
showing UI to the user
all cryptographic and trust management functions
communication with relay server
Client code consists of PNaCl module holding all security logic, WebThemis/Themis library and HTML/CSS/JS UI.
Server is responsible for:
serving UI + PEXE (PNaCl module) to clients via HTTP GET
running WebSocket relay service, which receives messages and relays them to everyone.
Over WebSocket link, clients talk to the server via SecureSession Themis object, which provides high-level transport security. Server keys are hardcoded into clients, so trust is established based on correlation between real server key and server key fed to client in binaries.
Server code is written in Python, with pythemis extension linking to core C code.
Within this SecureSession link, SecureCell-encrypted messages are transmitted.
The protocol
Room creation
Room owner generates a key pair [client]
Room owner generates room key (which will be used to encrypt messages in the room) [client]
Room owner requests the server to create the room, receiving room id in response [client] + [server]
Inviting others (key sharing)
Room owner generates a random (one-time) invite token [client]
Room owner sends an invite by some out-of-band channel (like email), which includes invite token, their public key and room id [client]
User receives the invite token [client]
User generates a key pair [client]
User generates random joining key [client]
User sends a secure message to room owner through server with encrypted joining key [client]
Server may check through ACL whether this invite is valid and pass the message to room owner [server]
Room owner unwraps joining key [client]
Room owner sends sealed room key to user through server using joining key as master key and invite token as context [client]
Server may check through ACL whether this response is valid and pass the message to the user [server]
User unseals the room key [client]
User sends confirmation sealed message to the room owner. [client]
Owner, upon checking users confirmation message signs their public key and sends to server [client] + [server]
+ Server checks the signature and considers user as added to the chatroom [server]
Once invite token been used, it is discarded by the room owner [server]
Message exchange
Room members exchange messages sealing them with room key. Server just forwards encrypted messages without having access to their contents. [server]
Key management
Keypair is generated for every room [client]
Keypair is stored in browser persistent storage [client]
Browser persistent storage is encrypted with Secure Cell (seal mode), key derived from user's password, inputs when joining the chat [client]
Server communication
clients communicate with server using Themis secure session [server]
server's trusted public key is hardcoded in the clients [client]
server does not perform client authentication, automatically trusts every SS client key (this is first obvious step to harden if security is more important than ubiquity and anonymity) [server]
Key rotation
every 100 (configurable) messages sent and received, room owner generates new key, encrypts it with old key and sends special message [client]
server enforces such messages may come only from room owner [server]
Room orchestration
a list of members is maintained for every room as a list of public keys (+indication who is room owner) [server]
every room has a room owner (originally, room creator) [server]
room owner is responsible for key rotation [client]
Chat history
server enables clients to fetch chat history since their last departure for members who have been online and know keys before rotation [server]
server enables clients to fetch chat history since last key rotation for new members [server]
Threat model
Most group chat cases have been thoroughly studied by cryptographic community, for most solutions of varying elegance exist.
However, group chat with emphasis on anonymity, zero trust to server and zero server's intervention into cryptographic / access flow (server only participates in transport security and in encrypted message relay) is quite rare thing.
Assets and targets
Potential attackers could be interested in 3 things:
read communication contents
tamper with communication contents
identify users
Current threat model focuses on:
securing the communication content
avoiding content falsification
without enforcing additional identification/trust requirements towards peers, thus providing some level of anonymity for users inside the system.
However, every possible user should realize that large-scale attackers can partially identify chatroom members by metadata collection and correlation analysis, including traffic analysis.
To be used in totally discrete manner, 0fc requires transport identity protection.
External dependencies
Server and client rely on a number of external components and their security. However:
server is composed of HTTP stack and websocket stack, both based on asyncio / aiohttp python libraries. Server is given 0 trust; cryptographic layout is composed in a way, in which server can either comply with design and deliver it's role or deny service. Recording traffic, which is being relayed between clients, doesn't enable attackers to achieve anything: traffic is SecureCell-encrypted blobs with key rotation.
is composed of HTTP stack and websocket stack, both based on asyncio / aiohttp python libraries. Server is given 0 trust; cryptographic layout is composed in a way, in which server can either comply with design and deliver it's role or deny service. Recording traffic, which is being relayed between clients, doesn't enable attackers to achieve anything: traffic is SecureCell-encrypted blobs with key rotation. client is composed of 3 essential components: PNaCl module, composed of 0fc client, WebThemis, which consists of Themis and LibreSSL's libcrypto built for specific architecture. Vulnerabilities in libcrypto's crypto algorithm implementation are of limited possibility: all Themis build targets are validated with tests known to work across number of cryptoprimitive's implementations equally. Google Chrome and it's PNaCl environment may be altered on local client to behave differently, specifically tunnel plaintext input/output from JS<>PNaCl interface; this is outside of scope of current research: Chrome is considered to be trusted environment. Web UI: web UI can be a subject to many attacks (XSS/CSRF/), we've tried to isolate most in-browser attacks with the maximum simplicity of HTML/CSS stack. Moreover, Chrome is known to put extra effort into each page's runtime security, yet this remains the weakest link, because JS code talking to PNaCl object is still subject to all web attacks.
is composed of 3 essential components:
Entry points
Let's enumerate every possible way external attacker might tamper with code's logic of execution:
HTTP server root, which provides HTML/CSS/JS/PEXE to the client has 0 interaction with server code itself. It is completely passive (and could be offloaded to Nginx, apache or virtually any HTTP, when we've tested it we served it as static Nginx files).
WebSocket listener service, which expects legitimate SecureSession traffic and will just reject anything else. More specifically, design of SecureSession is such that only Session initiation messages are accepted from new clients.
Web UI: by providing malformed input into Web UI, one might try to affect other Web UI's. This splits into two problems: Parsing messages during encryption: design of SecureCell protects WebThemis from buffer overflows and other malicious actions against encryption/decryption code. Web UI behavior after decryption: this is considered outside of the scope of current research.
Transport
Potential attackers, by attacking the transport layer, could:
impersonate client
impersonate server
intercept traffic
modify traffic
Client impersonation: valid clients know the key, invalid clients don't. By impersonating the client (even with valid PEXE from server), attacker only gets to connect to server on transport layer.
Impersonate server: all clients have pre-shared server key in their binaries. If attacker impersonates server, rebuilds client with their keys, and starts serving them instead of trusted server - he'll just take the relaying load instead of a legitimate machine, and will get no access to the attack targets, e.g. actual data. We're specifically fond of this feature :)
Intercept traffic: SecureSession is specifically designed to prevent interception and decryption of traffic. However, by intercepting initial HTTP GET / HTTP response attacker is able to identify the IP address of the potential client.
Modify traffic: integrity control of SecureSession prevents traffic from being tampered by an attacker. However, HTTP traffic could be modified, and PEXE/Web UI/etc. could be replaced with malicious code. In most cases it is a DoS attack - client just won't connect to the server or will not be able to participate in. However, there is a theoretical possibility of cleverly modifying JS code, which could compromise all traffic going to this client. Protecting against integrity attacks on web code is outside of this research's scope, but they are quite obvious.
Summary
For us, 0fc shows a few important things:
client-side end-to-end security is still complicated and is subject to many risks.
is still complicated and is subject to many risks. having a good cross-platform crypto library (like lovely Themis, which we've built for ourselves specifically for this case) makes designing such security schemes a much easier effort.
(like lovely Themis, which we've built for ourselves specifically for this case) makes designing such security schemes a much easier effort. real-world testing on every stage is what guarantees the satisfactory experience. Many findings outlined in previous WebThemis / PNaCl articles wouldn't have existed without this pet project of ours.
For you, it might be a useful chunk of code to study ease of Themis usage :) Anyway, take a look yourself.
2018 UPD: This article is still valid, yet Themis has significantly evolved since this article saw the light of the day and we'll be moving to WebAssembly soon.
If you're looking for new ideas, this is the right place. If you're looking to implement security, talk to us, we can help. If you're looking for a ready-made solution, consider looking up more articles about web cryptography to understand the matters deeper. Also, consider checking out other Cossack Labs' products like Themis, Acra, and Hermes.
"Today" is among the shows viewers can watch live on the NBC app. (Photo11: NBC)
Each of the major TV networks have embraced letting viewers watch TV on the go — to a certain extent.
This month, NBC became the latest to expand its offering of TV Everywhere — the ability to watch programs on smartphones and tablets, as well as computers — with new apps that include live broadcasts in cities with NBC-owned stations. An on-demand library lets you catch up on shows you may have missed, too.
The catch: You may have to enter a user ID and password from your cable, satellite or telco-delivered pay-TV subscription.
NBC is not alone in that requirement. Most Net-delivered network apps require some authentication.
Networks don't do it just to protect the pay-TV model, says Richard Doherty of the Envisioneering Group. "It's really for audience measurement," they say, to help networks better understand viewing behavior as TV Everywhere evolves.
Networks are working on business models that reward viewers who share clips and could even someday cancel a show mid-episode from lack of viewers, Doherty predicts. TV Everywhere, they say, "is big, and it's going to get bigger."
A look at TV Everywhere:
•ABC. Pay-TV subscribers can get a jump on watching episodes of the networks's shows such as Scandal and Nashville on ABC.com and its apps on Android, iOS and Amazon Kindle. Click "Verify," and you can watch the most recent episode the day after it airs. Non-authenticators have to wait a week to see the latest episode. All viewers get some ads.
TV series such as 'Scandal' can be watched on the ABC app. (Photo11: ABC)
ABC has live broadcast feeds in eight cities, including Chicago, Houston, L.A., New York City, Philadelphia and San Francisco. There's a separate ABC News app (on Android, Apple TV, iOS and Xbox One), as well as ABCNews.com.
•CBS. The CBS All Access service ($5.99 monthly), which launched four months ago, sets it apart from the competition. Subscribers get full current seasons of 15 prime-time shows such as NCIS, as well as access to the latest episodes the day after they air on the mobile app for Amazon Kindle, Android, Blackberry, iOS and Windows. You still see some ads.
Other CBS All Access benefits: live broadcast feeds in 14 cities, including Boston, Chicago, New York City, L.A., Minneapolis and Sacramento, plus full past seasons of eight major current series, including The Good Wife and more than 5,000 episodes of classic series such as MacGyver and Star Trek. Not available live: Sunday NFL broadcasts.
Viewers can watch CBS series such as 'The Good Wife' on the CBS app. (Photo11: CBS)
You do not need to authenticate with pay-TV credentials, Non-subscribers can watch the last five episodes of prime-time shows, and the most recent episodes the day after they air on CBS.com and on CBS's mobile app with an eight-day delay.
Another CBS differentiator: its free CBSN 24/7 news service on CBSNews.com (on computers and mobile) and on connected TV devices, including Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Roku players and Roku TVs, Windows 8/8.1 computers and phones, and the CBS News apps for iOS (coming soon to Android).
The Fox Now app has episodes of series such as 'Glee' and 'Empire.' (Photo11: Fox)
•Fox. Fox's prime-time shows such as American Idol and Family Guy are available on Fox.com and on the Fox Now app (Amazon Kindle, Android, Apple TV, iOS devices, Roku, Windows 8 and Xbox video game systems). But if you want to watch episodes the day after they are broadcast -- and watch more episodes -- you do need to log in.
For instance, you must sign in on Fox Now with your pay-TV credentials to watch series such as American Idol, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Glee. But most first-year series such as Empire and Gotham are available without logging in. The number of episodes available of a series can vary, but typically, there are at least five. Once logged in, you'll have access to full seasons of many of the current series.
Fox has a Fox Sports Go app that, when you sign in, lets you watch sports events available via your pay-TV service. NFL games can be watched on computers and tablets but not smartphones. Major League Baseball games on Fox and Fox Sports 1 channels are watchable, but not the games on the Fox regional sports networks.
•NBC. Viewers in 10 cities, including New York, L.A., Chicago, Philadelphia, Washington, Dallas-Fort Worth and San Diego can watch the live broadcast of their NBC station. Click the "Live" button on NBC.com or on the NBC app (available in the Google Play and iTunes stores). You will be asked to type in your credentials from your pay-TV provider, among them AT&T, Cox, Dish Network and DirecTV, Verizon, and, of course, Comcast, which owns NBCUniversal.
Beyond that, viewers can watch last night's episodes of shows such as The Voice for free — you do have to watch some ads. There are full recent full episodes and clips from The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon and Late Night With Seth Meyers. There are also full episodes of classic shows such as Battlestar Galactica (the original) and Miami Vice.
"Cutting the Cord" is a regular column covering Net TV and ways to get it. If you have suggestions or questions, contact Mike Snider via e-mail at msnider@usatoday.com. Follow them on Twitter: @MikeSnider.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ArSEnw
It has been a tough year for online video portal Joost, and things aren't likely to improve. The company launched last year with an innovative software client and built a decent catalog that included mainstream content. But now, Joost has announced that its less-capable website will be the only place to enjoy the company's content.
As of December 19, Joost's Windows and Mac software clients will cease to work, and instead will invite users to visit the company's site if they want to get access to its catalog of over 46,000 music videos, TV shows, movies, and short films. A recent release iPhone client will apparently continue to work.
Starting with its private beta launch in January 2007, Joost offered a unique spin on the video experience by allowing users to add various widgets and chat in real-time while watching mainstream programming, which included content from Comedy Central, CBS, and CNN.
In October, Joost announced a revamped Joost.com website, effectively writing an epitaph for the client software. Competition in the online video market has exploded in recent years, and Joost's catalog was eventually eclipsed by efforts like the NBC/Fox joint venture Hulu and its many competitors. Everyone from user-generated content king YouTube to individual network sites like ABC.com are getting into the mainstream online video business—soon even TV.com will be joining them.
Joost hasn't thrown in the towel yet, but the company needs to do something to catch the public's attention in an increasingly crowded market. The company may have an easier time making content deals now that its P2P-based software client is getting phased out, but that comes at a significant cost. The client's added value—mini-applications and a real-time community—were arguably the service's defining features.
One of Hulu's weakest areas is its lack of community, but TV.com is planning on filling that gap through its upcoming redesign, which will also mark the availability of mainstream content. If Joost wants to survive its rebirth as a web-based video portal, re-envisioning these features—and doing so ahead of the competition—will probably be one key to weathering the storm.
10th Annual Economic Impact (2017)
(LANSING, Mich. – January 24, 2017) – Michigan's University Research Corridor was responsible for $2.15 billion in research and development (R&D) spending in fiscal year 2015, an increase of 53 percent since 2007, according to the 10th Annual Economic Impact & Benchmark Report released today. The report also notes the URC contributed $16.5 billion to Michigan's economy, an increase of $3.7 billion since 2007, the year the URC was formed and began benchmarking its impact on the state of Michigan.
The URC, an alliance of Michigan State University, the University of Michigan and Wayne State University, is one of the nation's top research clusters and the engine for innovation in Michigan and the Great Lakes region, increasing economic prosperity and connecting Michigan to the world.
For the fourth straight year, the URC retained its second-place standing in the Innovation Power Ranking among the nation's most respected innovation clusters. The Southern California cluster (UCLA, UC-San Diego and USC) ranked first and the Northern California cluster (UC-San Francisco, UC-Berkeley and Stanford) ranked third.
The Innovation Power Ranking was developed by Anderson Economic Group, preparers of the URC Annual Report, and compares the URC's performance to peer university clusters in Northern California, Southern California, Illinois, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Texas and Pennsylvania. The ranking indexes defining factors of leading research universities – talent, R&D and technology commercialization – to arrive at the ranking metric.
“Celebrating ten years of this unique collaboration, Michigan's leading research universities continue to advance research and are making a direct economic impact on every county in the state,” said URC Executive Director Jeff Mason. “This report demonstrates the collective power of the URC universities, which are highly competitive with the most respected clusters in the country and make a significant contribution to our state's economy.”
Over the past decade, URC research has led to advances in medicine, mobility, business and society as a whole, and investments and advancements in research continue to grow in size, scale and impact.
The URC attracted $0.94 of every federal dollar spent on academic research in Michigan, and accounts for 94 percent of all R&D conducted at higher education institutions in the state. Nearly $500 million in new tax revenues are attributable to the URC, as well as a net jobs impact of 68,896 in the state.
“The economic impact of the URC is a critical component of Michigan's economy,” said University of Michigan President Mark Schlissel. “The coordination and partnership between our three institutions truly make a difference. We develop innovations that improve lives and drive economic growth in communities here in Michigan, across our nation and around the globe.”
The URC also ranked first in the talent composite score, a measurement of total number of degrees conferred and total number of high-tech degrees. The URC conferred 34,547 degrees, including 2,392 medical degrees, the highest number of advanced degrees in the medicine and biological science fields of any peer university innovation cluster. In fall 2015, the URC educated more than 155,000 students from across the state (70 percent), country (17 percent) and world (13 percent).
“Our URC universities develop an important pool of talent for the state and lead the country in producing advanced degree life science graduates,” MSU President Lou Anna K. Simon said. “Our faculty members are leaders in their fields of study and attract some of the world's brightest students and junior faculty, inspiring younger scholars to excel and preparing them to confront the world's biggest challenges.”
Since 2002, the three URC universities have cultivated 210 start-up companies, including 79 that have formed in the past five years. Twenty-two start-ups were produced in 2015, exceeding the URC's five-year average and surpassing annual totals in each of the previous four years. The URC also has surpassed its five-year average for the number of patents issued, licensing and options activity, and invention disclosures.
“The URC is conducting cutting-edge research that has real-world implications in the communities we serve,” said Wayne State University President M. Roy Wilson. “When the R&D happening at the URC is taken out of the lab and into the market it drives a variety of business results, creating new jobs and generating investments in our communities.”
The report found that every county in Michigan has benefitted from economic activities tied to the URC, including spending on operations, student spending and incremental alumni earnings. The report also includes a breakdown of the URC's economic impact in 10 regions statewide, including the effect of the additional money URC alumni living in Michigan earn because of their university degrees. As of summer 2016, the URC universities had more than 1.2 million graduates worldwide. The 651,000 living in Michigan account for more than 9.5 percent of the state's population over age 24.
Photo Credit: Kennysarmy, “Water drop 3“, 2012, Flickr
PHOENIX -- At the end of New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft's meeting with reporters on Monday, in which they fired salvos at the agents for receiver Wes Welker -- blaming them for Welker's defection to Denver -- a question was posed to him:
Why?
In their family's 19 years of ownership, there had never been a time when Kraft had been so publicly pointed in their remarks about an agent.
"I think there are a lot of misconceptions. I think how our coach felt. How I felt. I don't get involved very often, [but] this was one that was really important," Kraft said Monday at the NFL annual meeting. "The agents are doing their job and trying to do the best job they can. But I just think it was a miscalculation of value here, and playing poker. Unfortunately, the player and the team both got hurt."
The tipping point might have come Sunday when agent David Dunn, in a conversation characterized by Tom E. Curran of Comcast SportsNet, said that the Patriots never made an offer, furthering a perception that the Patriots didn't want Welker.
Kraft looked furious when Dunn's contention was brought up to them and that's when Monday's Q&A got a little testy. Two years of frustration was boiling to the surface.
So they let it rip.
Here's why I think they did:
In most negotiations, everyone knows that one side starts high, the other side starts low, and most often if both are committed to strike a deal they meet somewhere in the middle. But there has to be common ground on a general ballpark as to the initial range of numbers in play.
If you lived in a neighborhood where houses cost between $200,000 and $300,000, it wouldn't make much sense to list the home at $600,000 when it was time to sell. That house is going to sit on the market.
For two years, in the Patriots' view, Welker was listed as the $600,000 house.
So after banging their heads against the negotiating table for almost 24 months, in which Welker's representatives insisted on at least a $15 million signing bonus in every offer, the Patriots ultimately made the decision to move on when the first day of free agency arrived and Welker's representatives -- after a three-day legal tampering period that allowed them to get a feel for the market -- still hadn't budged.
Only when the Patriots put an offer on a new house the first day it came on the market, and it was accepted, did the price of the $600,000 home that had been the target for two years come plummeting down and down and down and down and down and down to a level more in line with the rest of the neighborhood.
But it was too late. And that's why, from this view, Kraft did something they have never done in their 19 years as owner of the Patriots by publicly calling out an agent.
This was a silly game, one that didn't have to happen.
BBC plans to drag soap opera out of 1980s timewarp to reflect more closely the 21st-century gentrified east London
EastEnders fans still acclimatising to the arrival of screen hard man Danny Dyer as the Queen Vic's landlord, cast against type as a modern dad at ease with their son's homosexuality, had better prepare for some more upheaval.
The BBC plans to drag the long-running soap out of its 1980s timewarp to reflect more closely the 21st-century reality of gentrified east London, even promising to introduce "the edges of Shoreditch" to the show.
Last week the EastEnders writing team visited the Hackney square used as the inspiration for the show's location when it began in 1985, at the start of a four-day story conference to thrash out plots for the next three months.
#EastEnders story conference day one - writers in Fassett Square. Strange and familiar at the same time... pic.twitter.com/GL673dicjk — DomTreadwellCollins (@dominictc) January 19, 2014
Dominic Treadwell-Collins, EastEnders' executive producer, wants Albert Square to look like a real-life east London neighbourhood in 2014.
"It should feel more like London. It's been frozen in aspic for too long," Treadwell-Collins told the latest issue of Radio Times. "Sharon said recently that she's looking to be a landlady and as a result you'll see the edges of Shoreditch creeping into EastEnders. It's got to reflect the modern world."
House prices are one indication of how Hackney, like other east London boroughs, has changed in the last 30 years, with gentrification and an influx of new residents.
Property website Zoopla puts the average price of Fassett Square housing at £605,000, up £55,000 or 10% in a year and more than double the 1995 average of £276,000. Zoopla estimates that a two-bedroom terrace on the square would now cost £500,000, while a four bedroom, semi-detached house would set a buyer back more than £900,000.
Treadwell-Collins, who took charge of EastEnders in August, has already pulled the BBC1 soap out of an autumn ratings slump, creating a renewed buzz around the show with the introduction of Dyer's Mick Carter and their on-screen family over Christmas.
The veteran actor Timothy West has also joined the show as Carter's father Stan, a curmudgeonly and opinionated former Billingsgate fishmonger.
Last week the BBC unveiled plans for a new EastEnders set, providing a longer term opportunity to change the look of the show to help it better reflect modern east London. The new set in Elstree studios in north London, EastEnders' home since 1985, will be 20% larger at 9,000 square metres and is due to open in 2018.
The BBC has declined to provide further details – including what it will cost – but the expanded set will feature a new high street with shops and businesses reflecting a "greater sense of the modern east end of London".
However, this is unlikely to mean Walford being overrun by pop-up burger restaurants, microbrewery ales, fixed-wheel bikes and skinny jeans, according to All About Soap editor, Johnathon Hughes. "I don't think it's going to completely refocus itself into Hipster Square from Albert Square.
"EastEnders is about family and community and if it [were] trying to be too much like Shoreditch you wouldn't get families with 2.4 children living there."
Hughes added that while the show had always provided "an old fashioned view of that part of London", it also needed to offer a "little nod" to changing times.
"It's interesting that they are going to acknowledge changes in that area of society. For a long time EastEnders has been accused of not changing with the times, such as how could real people afford to live in Georgian terraced houses [that large] in the east end of London," Hughes said.
"If it has a hipster wine bar opening on Albert Square then that's a nod to what is happening in the outside world. But the important thing for EastEnders is that it remains true to its core values and it has stories [with which] the audience can engage."
Hughes said that the BBC1 soap and Coronation Street were both about families, relationships and community, "and maybe even that has died in real life".
They added: "It's not real, it's a bit nostalgic, a TV version of real life. How they explore characters and issues and emotions is more important than the geography of it. The heart of it will still be Albert Square and the pub."
• This article was amended on 28 January 2014 to correct the spelling of Johnathon Hughes's name
The most watched EastEnders episode from 1986 ... revisited
The Queen Vic. Christmas Day.
Pat Butcher Good cook are you?
Customer Not bad.
Pat Butcher I thought so. I've seen you down the Spanish deli ordering the jamón iberico ...
Customer Yeah. It's nice to get some pukka tucker in for Christmas...
Pat Butcher Watch your bloody language, son.
Customer Sorry?
Pat Butcher You heard. You can't go round saying Christmas in here. We're a bleedin' multi-faith, multicultural community. So it's Happy Holidays, right?
Dot Cotton Oh come on, Pat. Don't be so hard on him. He's new to the area. Have you got a light?
Pat Butcher Leave it out, Dot. You know you can't smoke in here. Have you tried those new e-cigarettes? Angie swears by them.
Dot Cotton I have, but I can't get on with them, you know. My Nick says they are more addictive than heroin …
Pat Butcher And how is Nick doing?
Dot Cotton Oh, much better thank you. He's been out of rehab for six months now and is doing voluntary work at the new internet coffee house drop-in centre. They keep emailing me at Dot Dot Cotton...
Dirty Den Oi, haven't you two women got anything better to do than gossip about feminism 4.0 … ?
Dot Cotton How's Ange? They look a bit under the weather …
Dirty Den She's just had a bit of a gruelling rebirthing session. Give us both a moment, will you …
Angie Oh Den! This is the happiest I've ever been! Pour me another glass of prosecco, will you ...
Dirty Den I think you've 'ad enough.
Angie Since you came back, I've felt like a new woman. I feel as if all our intimacy issues have been resolved...
Dirty Den Do you now? Well how come you've been telling me a big bleedin' porky for the last six months?
Angie What porky?
Dirty Den Don't try and pretend with my Angie. It doesn't work no more. You know exactly what I mean. You've been seeing a new therapist behind my back, you slag.
Angie But Colin is a fully qualified Jungian analyst.
Dirty Den Shut it. We're through.
Cue music and end credits.
by John Crace
Press Release
Newspaper Sites across Europe Demonstrate Growth in the Past Year
Comscore Releases Overview of European Internet Usage for June 2011
LONDON, UK, 18 August 2011 - Comscore, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCOR), a leader in measuring the digital world, today released an overview of Internet usage in Europe, showing 368.6 million unique visitors went online in June 2011 for an average of 26.1 hours per person. This release highlights Internet usage in 49 European markets aggregated under the European region and provides individual reporting on 18 markets. Among the reportable markets, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, and Turkey continued to show the highest average engagement, with users from these markets spending an average of more than 31 hours online in the past month.
Overview of European Internet Usage by Country
Ranked by Total Unique Visitors (000)
June 2011
Total Europe Audience, Age 15+, Home and Work Locations
Source: Comscore Media Metrix Location Total Unique Visitors (000) Average Hours per Visitor Average Pages per Visitor World-Wide 1,383,098 23.1 2,118 Europe 368,624 26.1 2,684 Germany 50,128 23.9 2,597 Russian Federation 48,738 22.9 2,462 France 42,374 27.6 2,708 United Kingdom 36,867 33.0 2,974 Italy 23,341 18.7 1,843 Turkey 22,967 31.1 3,435 Spain 21,518 26.2 2,318 Poland 18,193 25.8 2,948 Netherlands 11,968 34.1 3,268 Sweden 6,173 23.0 2,253 Belgium 5,965 20.2 2,099 Austria 4,688 14.0 1,515 Switzerland 4,676 18.9 1,864 Portugal 4,169 21.2 2,041 Denmark 3,655 20.7 2,129 Finland 3,355 22.7 2,091 Norway 3,234 24.8 2,112 Ireland 2,094 20.9 1,906
European Travel Sites Show The Biggest Gains Since May 2011
Google Sites ranked as the top European web property in June with 335.4 million unique visitors (up 6 percent from a year ago), reaching 91.0 percent of the total European Internet audience. Microsoft Sites continued to rank second with 259.8 million visitors (70.5 percent reach), followed by Facebook.com in third place with 246.4 million visitors (66.8 percent reach). Among the top 50 properties for June, the biggest gains versus May came from Priceline.com Inc., which includes other travel sites Agoda and Booking.com, showing an overall 15 percent increase. Expedia Inc. also showed a 7-percent increase in visitors compared to May 2011, largely driven by an increase in traffic to TripAdvisor Sites.
Europeans continued to spend most of their time on average on social networking sites. Although European engagement with Russian social network VKontakte declined by 6 percent from the previous month, the property continued to display the highest average engagement among the top 30 properties, with Europeans spending 465.4 minutes (7.8 hours) on the site. Facebook.com maintained its lead over Russian web property Mail.ru in June with an average of 328.8 minutes (5.5 hours) spent by visitors on the property. Facebook.com also continued to account for the highest number of page views at 151.5 billion in June (up 8 percent), representing 15.3 percent of all pages viewed in Europe during the month.
Top 30 Properties in Europe by Total Unique Visitors (000)
June 2011
Total Europe Audience, Age 15+, Home and Work Locations
Source: Comscore Media Metrix Properties Total Unique Visitors (000) Total Pages Viewed (MM) Average Minutes per Visitor Total Internet : Total Audience 368,624 989,547 1,564.0 Google Sites 335,382 94,246 184.5 Microsoft Sites 259,828 25,416 188.2 Facebook.com 246,370 151,455 328.8 Wikimedia Foundation Sites 153,883 2,191 12.0 Yahoo! Sites 139,235 8,821 69.6 eBay 104,856 13,577 59.0 Amazon Sites 89,643 2,653 16.8 VEVO 81,947 857 13.2 Apple Inc. 69,943 511 4.8 Mail.ru Group 69,220 30,676 308.0 AOL, Inc. 62,332 1,580 29.2 Glam Media 62,233 950 12.1 Viacom Digital 57,993 543 11.1 The Mozilla Organization 57,242 313 6.4 Yandex Sites 56,298 7,382 60.8 Ask Network 54,860 462 3.8 Axel Springer AG 54,666 1,319 14.6 Vkontakte 54,007 35,223 465.4 CBS Interactive 49,134 508 8.6 WordPress 47,691 410 5.5 Dailymotion.com 47,543 767 15.2 Adobe Sites 43,911 202 3.3 Orange Sites 41,454 4,505 60.5 NetShelter Technology Media 38,688 374 5.7 Deutsche Telekom 38,180 2,482 34.9 Technorati Media 37,389 195 3.2 Twitter.com 36,337 649 14.9 Schibsted (Anuntis-Infojobs-20minutos) 33,047 4,736 73.9 BBC Sites 32,151 1,263 33.2 Hubert Burda Media 31,677 478 7.0
Spotlight: Newspaper Site Audience Increases 11 Percent in the Past Year
In June 2011, a total of 167.2 million unique visitors went to Newspaper properties in Europe (up 11 percent from a year ago), spending 40.5 minutes on average during the month. The most visited Newspaper property in Europe was the British Daily Mail, drawing 17.2 million unique visitors who each spent an average of 25.9 minutes on the site. The Daily Mail also currently ranks as the second most popular Newspaper site worldwide.
The Guardian ranked second in Europe with 13.5 million unique visitors, followed by the German newspaper Bild with 9.9 million unique visitors. Turkish newspapers Hürriyet and Milliyet also ranked among the top five Newspaper properties, drawing 9.5 million unique visitors and 8.8 million unique visitors, respectively. Also among the top sites for June 2011 were French newspapers Le Monde and Le Figaro and Komsomolskaya Pravda and RIA Novosti from Russia. The New York Times property, the only non-European site in the list of top Newspaper entities, attracted nearly 5.7 million online readers from Europe.
Top Newspaper Sites in Europe By Total Unique Visitors (000)
June 2011
Total Europe, Age 15+, Home and Work Locations
Source: Comscore Media Metrix Total Unique Visitors (000) Total Newspaper Sites 167,210 Mail Online 17,206 Guardian.co.uk 13,505 Bild.de 9,941 Hurriyet.com.tr 9,453 Milliyet.com.tr 8,803 Le Monde Sites 6,673 KP.ru (Komsomolskaya Pravda) 6,438 The New York Times Brand 5,692 Le Figaro 5,478 RIAN.ru (RIA Novosti) 5,409
About Comscore
Comscore, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCOR) is a global leader in measuring the digital world and preferred source of digital marketing intelligence. For more information, please visit www.comscore.com/companyinfo.
Ayaan Mohamud
Comscore, Inc.
+ 44 (0) 203-111-1758
worldpress@comscore.com
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Agreement is a rarity when it comes to transfers at the best of times, but Liverpool's strong interest in Danny Ings really has divided the Reds fanbase. As always when a player is linked, there is no middle ground – the move is either a stroke of genius or an obvious mistake.
It should come as no surprise Ings is being torn between the two. Despite having over four months to be accustomed to the idea – Liverpool tried to bring them to Merseyside on a cut-price deal in January – those against their signing are apprehensive and even apoplectic at the possibility.
Relegation with Burnley means a potential move to Anfield is a step closer, but what are the pros and cons in Brendan Rodgers bringing Ings to the club?
PROS
They fit “the profile” and Ings can only get better
Ings is 22, seems open to improvement and is available at a very good price. Technically a Bosman with their contract expiring this summer, the club would still have to pay a fee based on a tribunal, but it would cost far less than a normal deal would.
For a club intent on extracting as much value from their signings as possible, bringing in a young English striker on the verge of a call-up to the England squad this season makes sense. The Reds deviated from their “profile” last summer when bringing in Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert; Ings, on the other hand, would be a risk-free acquisition with the potential of becoming a bargain.
Their wages wouldn't be astronomical, either. Both on and off the pitch, they are a signing that makes sense.
They score goals – in a side that doesn't create
It's an obvious issue when assessing a goalscorer, but needs reiterating: Ings scores goals. They scored 20 in 40 in the Championship last season, and now has 10 this season, their maiden season in the Premier League.
That averages out to a successful strike every 285 minutes, almost one-in-three. That is not a bad return for a side who have created over 100 fewer chances than Liverpool over the course of the season – or, per game, nearly three more chances.
Sean Dyche's side have not been defensive, and have won plaudits for their no-fear approach to life in the top-flight, but they would be supplied with far more chances at Anfield.
With a shot accuracy of 41%, Ings would have to improve in front of goal, as well. Their goal against Hull at the weekend was also their first in three months – although that could be put down to the distractions that came with speculation around their future.
But the quality of chances he's being offered would also be better; the theory is they would provide an even better scoring rate for the Reds.
Liverpool need a striker to hit the ground running
Daniel Sturridge will not be available at the start of the season. Mario Balotelli, Rickie Lambert and Fabio Borini may not even be at the club. That leaves, as things stand, Divock Origi would be the only fit striker at the club, and they have yet to kick a ball for the club.
Ings, however, knows the league. He's scored against Manchester United and Everton. More crucially, perhaps, they notch routinely against sides struggling in the bottom half, including Hull, QPR and Newcastle. How Rodgers would have wanted a striker who could do that at the Hawthorns, against West Brom, and at the KC Stadium.
And although Ings has no experience in Europe, they would offer a further option in the Europa League, too. A player you can rely upon in all competitions will allow for rotation.
He's versatile
Ings is a real all-rounder, it seems. Of their 10 goals this season, four have been with their right foot, three have come from their left; the other three have been headers. All 10, incidentally, were struck from inside the box.
 They are someone who can score goals in any way – within range, at least. Those predatory instincts are something Liverpool have lacked throughout the season in the absence of Sturridge.
They can create, too. They account for almost 10% of chances Burnley have made this season, with 30 created – a decent effort for a player primarily tasked with scoring goals.
CONS
Liverpool need more than that up front
The Liverpool attack has been the biggest factor behind the club's climb from second to fifth this season. Most teams would struggle after selling Luis Suarez and dealing with Sturridge's injuries, but failing to deal with that issue in terms of replacements is the biggest mistake of all.
To sign Ings would only further compound their malaise up front.  They are a good player with potential to improve, no doubt, but Liverpool simply need something better.
Assuming there is to be a bigger summer clear out at Anfield in terms of strikers, and with the further assumption Liverpool need four strikers, Ings would be one of three spots taken up along with Sturridge and Origi.
That would leave the club with just one more spot to fill and, given the inexperience of Origi and injury-prone nature of Sturridge, that could be the wrong decision.
They don't score enough goals and the Reds can't gamble on potential
Liverpool has to find 52 goals from somewhere next year. Rodgers was keen to stress, after the sterile 0-0 draw at West Brom in April, how taking those Suarez and Sturridge strikes out of the team saw them in this position.
They must source those goals from somewhere and Sturridge will not be available until, at least, September. Origi could be anything, but more than likely a young player finding their feet in a new league after scoring eight goals in Ligue 1.
Ings has scored 10 goals and could build on that, but Liverpool need a guaranteed 20-goal striker, or risk repeating the problems of this season.
Not a statement of intent
It is not fair and it is not right, but Ings would not be a signing to signal the strength of Liverpool's hand in the transfer market.
In the modern era, things like this matter, for some reason. Of course, the maniacal cries of social media should not dictate if the club sign a player or not, but they would not be an arrival to excite many. Solid and steady came last summer and has led to plenty of criticism.
Liverpool need higher-profile players to capture the imagination – and show Europe they mean business.
The Borini factor
Ings has scored 10 goals for a side who have spent most of the season threatened by relegation, catching the eye with energetic performances.
It sounds a little like Fabio Borini's loan spell at Sunderland, when the Italian scored seven at the Black Cats last season.
Plenty has been discussed about Borini, but one thing is clear: the club, and Rodgers, do not think they are of the required standard to play for Liverpool.
There is a danger Ings would become the latest player to be looked at, signed and then disposed of – and so the cycle continues.
Let's review Saturday's 21-20 MetLife Bowl victory by the New York Giants over the New York Jets in our traditional “Kudos & Wet Willies” style.
Kudos to ...
Eli Apple — The Jets kept challenging the rookie first-round pick. Apple kept meeting the challenges. They batted away a slant for Eric Decker, and blanketed Jets receivers on two deep balls, causing incompletions. It was a really encouraging night for Apple after missing last week's game against the Buffalo Bills.
Victor Cruz — They were targeted only twice and had just one catch for 4 yards, but Saturday was a significant step forward for Cruz. They played 32 snaps in their first action since Week 6 of the 2014 season, and came out of the game healthy and happy. Cruz got open on a deep ball in the first half, but the pass was underthrown by Eli Manning and nearly intercepted.
Tavarres King — The 26-year-old journeyman, with their fifth team since being selected in the fifth round of the 2013 draft by the Denver Broncos, pushed all of their chips to the middle of the table Saturday in their bid for a spot on the 53-man roster. King caught two second-half touchdown passes, a 27-yarder and the game-winning 11-yarder. They had a 20-yard run on a reverse. King had an opportunity for a third big play, but stumbled on a deep ball down the right sideline from Ryan Nassib and the pass fell incomplete.
Olivier Vernon — The Giants' $85-million dollar man pretty much lived in the face of Jets quarterbacks Ryan Fitzpatrick Saturday night. That's what they have done throughout the preseason. The Giants desperately needed an impact defensive end. It certainly looks like they have one.
Kerry Wynn — What a play Wynn made on their 75-yard interception return for a touchdown. Wynn dove to snag a ball that had been deflected by J.T. Thomas III. They bounced up before anyone could touch him, quickly made a defender miss with a better move than any Giants running back made all night, then raced untouched down the left sideline for the score. Wynn is a 6-foot-5, 264-pound man. He's not supposed to be that nimble.
Andrew Adams — There is a backup safety spot to be had on the Giants' 53-man roster and Adams made their bid Saturday. The undrafted free agent from UConn had four tackles, one for loss, an interception that set up the game-winning score and two passes defensed.
Romeo Okwara — The undrafted free agent defensive end from Notre Dame continued to get some first-team snaps in pass-rushing situations on Saturday, and they continued their impressive preseason. Okwara had three tackles, a sack, forced a fumble and had three quarterback hits. The young man has done just about everything they can to force the Giants to find a roster spot for him.
Brad Wing — The punter gets this partially because their left leg didn't fall off. Wing punted 10 times — yes, 10 — Saturday night. They have now punted a ridiculous 25 times in three games. They punted beautifully against the Jets, with a 48.6 yard average and four punts inside the 20-yard line. Their net average of 34.5 yards would have been much better had Dwayne Harris not missed a tackle that led to a 28-yard return for the Jets. The blocked punt was not their fault.
Wet Willies to ...
First-team blocking — I'm not sure I have the right adjective. Terrible. Awful. Atrocious. Mortifying. Once again Saturday night the Giants couldn't get anything done because they couldn't get anyone blocked. Let's be realistic here. The Jets have a fantastic defensive front. The Giants played without left guard Justin Pugh and, with apologies to Bobby Hart fans, Hart was something other than good last night. They were beaten a number of times and had a false start penalty. Without Will Johnson (burner) and Matt LaCosse (knee) the tight ends struggled to block. Of course, asking Ryan Malleck to block Jet defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson isn't a fair fight. Maybe the Giants are trying not to show their hand on offense in the preseason, but what we've seen the past two weeks is cause for concern. We know they were better than this a year ago. Let's hope this isn't what we see once the regular season starts.
Orleans Darkwa — Try to figure out how Darkwa makes the team, and what you come up with is that their acumen on special teams could force the Giants to keep five running backs. Darkwa didn't help themselves against the Jets, though, missing the block that led directly to the blocked punt. Darkwa can't afford special teams miscues.
Kwillies to ...
In case you aren't familiar, Kwillies go to players who did things during the game that helped both teams.
Ryan Nassib — Threw two touchdown passes, including the game winner to King. Still, they finished just 6-of-19 and missed a number of open wide receivers.
Dwayne Harris — A 29-yard punt return and an average of 12.3 yards on four returns was the good side. Missing a tackle as a gunner that led to a 28-yard punt return by the Jets.
As they say, all companies are in the people business, but some more literally than others.
For anyone in need of angry protesters, attentive paparazzi or adoring fans, there are Crowds on Demand (COD), an 11-month-old California startup that says it can organize any small or large group within a week's time. It's an unusual concept, but one that could no doubt fill an undeniable niche at a time when motivating people outside of the digital world is becoming more and more of a challenge.
Adam Swart, COD's founder and chief executive, said the idea first came to them on vacation in Eastern Europe, when they stepped off an airplane and saw someone being greeted by an enthusiastic crowd and a car service on the tarmac.
“I really thought they must be someone important, but I didn't recognize them,” they said in a phone interview. “And I got to thinking: Wouldn't people think I was important if I had those same surroundings? Why not make a company that lets everyone live the life of an A-lister?”
Founded in Sept. 2012, COD began as a service for wannabe celebrities looking for a little taste of star treatment. But it has since expanded into an all-purpose people provider, delivering enthusiastic crowds for corporate PR stunts, political protests, self-promotion or anyone who wants to experience an “It's all about me” day.
For instance, Swart said an Internet-advertising firm recently hired COD to stage a fake rally at a business conference in New York City, where protesters gathered outside the event and pretended to rail against Website banner ads. The anti-banner ad protest lent credence to COD's client, which specialized in alternative online advertising solutions.
“We made a whole lot of visibility for them,” Swart said. “As everyone was coming into the convention center they saw a huge protest outside. That company said this event we did for them increased their sales by 500 percent.”
Other COD-staged events are more serious in nature, like a recent fake protest to raise awareness for mental health. That raises the question: Does manufacturing outrage for the purposes of political gain cross an ethical line? Swart doesn't think so.
“We really are getting people to think critically about issues and raising visibility in an otherwise apathetic society,” they said. “I think that's a good thing.”
This is not to say that COD will act as a cheering squad for any organization that pays it money. While Swart said they don't let their own personal feelings about a political cause dissuade them from providing protesters, they said they won't do business with groups that advocate hate speech or violence.
“We got a request once to do a riot -- in Los Angeles,” they said. “That was an adamant ‘no.'”
What's more, they said COD protests are safer than real ones. The crowds consist largely of experienced actors, who are paid for their time. They don't go off script and they don't cause disruptions. They simply exercise their First Amendment right to peacefully assemble.
“We follow the law to the letter,” they said. “We wouldn't do anything like block off a street or break something.”
Swart calls COD crowds “peaceful but lively,” and they said a typical outside observer would never know the protest wasn't genuine. The price of COD's services depends on a variety of factors, such as the size of the crowd and location of the event. Swart said a typical event will cost upwards of $1,000. Like any CEO, they speak passionately about providing a great service for their customers, and they say the vast majority of them are satisfied. In fact, they said most of COD's business comes from word of mouth.
Headquartered in the Westwood section of Los Angeles, COD operates in Southern California and a handful of larger cities, including New York, Las Vegas and Washington. But there is a distinct, “only in L.A.” quality to the concept, one rooted its origins as a simple vanity service for would-be celebrities. Swart said the star package, whereby aspiring performers attempt to kick-start their careers by hiring a crowd of adoring fans, remains one of COD's most popular services.
“It's like the old term ‘Fake it till you make it,'” they said. “We assist people with that.”
France Responds To Paris Attacks By Rushing Through Internet Censorship Law
from the always-good-to-legislating-while-freaking-out,-huh? dept
The attacks in Paris were a horrible and tragic event -- and you can understand why people are angry and scared about it. But, as always, when politicians are angry and scared following a high-profile tragedy, they tend to legislate in dangerous ways. It appears that France is no exception. It has pushed through some kneejerk legislation that includes a plan to censor the internet . Specifically the Minister of the Interior will be given the power to block any website that is deemed to be "promoting terrorism or inciting terrorist acts." Of course, this seems ridiculous on many levels.First, there are the basic concerns about free speech. Yes, I know this is France and it doesn't value free speech in the same way as the US, but it's still rather distressing just how quickly and easily the French government seems willing to adopt censorship measures. Second, what good does this actually do? If ISIS sympathizers are expressing their views publicly,and to find out what they're doing and saying? Isn't that what law enforcement should want? Focusing on censorship rather than tracking simply drives those conversations and efforts underground where they can still be used to influence people, but where it's much harder for government and law enforcement ot keep track of what's being said. It also only confirms to ISIS supporters that what they're saying must be so important and valuable if the government won't even let them say it. It's difficult to see how it does any good, and instead it opens up the possibility of widespread government censorship and the abuse of such a power.
Filed Under: censorship, france, free speech, internet, isis, paris attacks, terorrism
The fourth, final and newly restaffed series of Community was scheduled to get rolling on NBC come October 19th. Not any more.
With a short, official statement, the network made it know that the show was being yanked from the calendar and left to chill in limbo for a while. Also getting frozen is Whitney but… we don't care about, do we?
Given the success we've had for the past four weeks – including winning the first week of the season in adults 18-49 – we've decided to continue to concentrate our promotional strength on our new NBC shows that are scheduled Monday through Wednesday… Without having to launch these comedies on Friday at this time, we can keep our promotion focused on earlier in the week; plus, we will have both comedies in our back pocket if we need to make any schedule changes on those nights.
So it seems that the shows on hold will likely be scheduled as other NBC programs fall by the wayside and shrivel up.
Seems like a fairly sensible plan. Community and, I suppose probably also Whitney, have an established fan-base. The audience for Community is pretty small, I believe, but also hardy. They can stand a certain amount of being jerked around like this.
Or at least I'd think so, if Dan Harmon was still involved. Will the Community-core have eroded now that the show has been taken away from its creator? I'd like to think that fans would at least give this new iteration a chance.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
This may be the worst time in the past 25 years to own an office building in Northern Virginia. At least one with space to lease.
After mostly uninhibited growth since the early 1980s — a run that produced some of America's wealthiest counties — there are red flags popping up from Arlington all the way to Stafford County.
Consider: More than one-third of all the office space along Interstate 395 is empty. Thirteen entire buildings sit completely empty along Route 28. In Rosslyn, the biggest building in the region hasn't found a single taker. Experts say the area is suffering from the same flat leasing environment as the District and suburban Maryland, but with some other heavy factors unique to the commonwealth piling on.
Thirty percent of the office space in Rosslyn is empty. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan)
Defense cuts — beginning with the Pentagon's Base Realignment and Closure Commission and continuing with sequestration — have led to drastic space reductions and spending cutbacks. Contractors have been forced to cut their staffs.
Worse, there is a surplus of buildings in car-centric locations so disliked by millennials that some wouldn't be caught dead taking jobs there. Five years after the recession, the paradigm has shifted so swiftly that some of the aging suburban office parks may have to just be torn down.
“It is becoming apparent that some older buildings may never lease again,” said Nate Edwards, director of research at the real estate services firm Cassidy Turley.
There are reasons for optimism, among them the Silver Line, the possible need for more defense spending and some burgeoning tech hubs. But tell that to one of the leasing agents trying to land a deal — and don't expect a smile in return.
Numbers tell a story
According to real estate data firm CoStar Group, there are 40 office buildings in Northern Virginia that are either completely empty or less than 1 percent occupied.
Vacancy in Northern Virginia. (Courtesy Cassidy Turley)
One-third of the buildings are along Route 28, a road running southwest from Interstate 66 past Washington Dulles International Airport that features some of the area's most frequent congestion and brutal commutes.
In the past, landlords in outer-lying areas such as Route 28 have relied heavily on government contractors, but these are exactly the kind of locations that companies have been looking to close amid spending cuts. Some tenants are leaving space even though there is still rent to pay.
“In a contractor-dominant market, spending cuts have a ripple effect,” said Scott Homa, vice president for research at JLL. “You don't need to look very far along the Toll Road or Route 28 to find cases of prime contractors just handing back the keys to leased space and consolidating their operations elsewhere.”
In turn, publicly traded real estate companies such as First Potomac Realty Trust are aggressively moving away from outer areas like Route 28.
The most disconcerting statistic, Homa said, may be Northern Virginia's absorption — the rate at which rentable space is filled or vacated. In the past 25 years, Northern Virginia has had only three years when more space was vacated than leased, meaning it had negative absorption for the year. It has now had negative absorption more than three years running, unlike other competing markets.
Some of the oldest buildings in congested locations may have to be torn down to maximize the value of the land they are on, according to Edwards. They said more than 60 percent of offices in Northern Virginia is more than 20 years old.
“We are already seeing the ramifications of this as office buildings across the market are being torn down or retrofitted to make way for residential,” they said.
But it isn't all older buildings in the exurbs that are suffering. Seven of the 40 empty buildings were built or underwent major renovations in the past decade. In Tysons, many of the moves to buildings near the newly opened Silver Line have been from older buildings nearby, often for less space. And some of the highest vacancy rates are in what has become a favorite of developers and investors for a decade: Arlington.
Looking to reinvent neighborhoods
Aside from Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) referring to it as “soulless,” Arlington has been considered a model suburb by developers in recent years, as it won a series of awards for its planning efforts that led investors to bet big on new office buildings there.
Arlington has Metro stations, highway access, an increasing number of restaurants and highly rated schools. What company wouldn't want to locate there?
But with the region undergoing such a dramatic move back to urban areas, sometimes even neighborhoods such as the Rosslyn-Ballston corridor feel too far off the beaten path. Touted for its lively neighborhoods around Metro's Orange Line, the area's office market has been in near free fall recently. Between 22 and 23 percent of all the office space in Arlington County — more than 8 million square feet — is vacant. That is nearly triple the rate in 2010.
Vacancy in Rosslyn is even higher — 29.7 percent, according to Cassidy Turley. The county's largest building, at 1812 N. Moore in Rosslyn, is completely empty 10 months after completion. Government agencies, including the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Services, are departing for less pricey Northern Virginia digs.
The soon-to-be former headquarters of the National Science Foundation at Stafford Place in Ballston.
In the short term, Christina Winn, director of business investment for Arlington Economic Development, is battling to keep the companies they have. Among them is Opower, a software company that has become the darling of the county's tech sector — even landing a visit from President Obama — but which is considering a move to the District to better recruit talent.
But in the long-term, Winn said they are thinking about how to reinvent neighborhoods to the point where high-end buildings such as 1812 N. Moore can get the higher rents they've been seeking.
“The vacancy is obviously not where we want it to be,” Winn said recently. “But it creates a really clear and interesting opportunity to shape where Arlington wants to be in 30 years.”
That's certainly the hope in Crystal City, where vacancy is 26.7 percent — and there is a long way to go to recover from heavy losses in the most recent round of base closures and realignments.
Vornado Realty Trust, by far the neighborhood's biggest property owner, is making a long-term play to overhaul the area as a hub for tech companies. But there are still buildings to lease — 21 of them. Steven Roth, the company's chairperson and chief executive, laid out the situation on an investors' call in August.
“Basically, we have a fair amount of empty space in the Washington marketplace,” Roth said. “Our competitors or brethren or whatever you want to call the rest of the marketplace also has empty space. We — from a policy point of view, we will be competitive, okay? We will not let our competitors take away our tenants, and we will fight for each piece of business.”
Follow Jonathan O'Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
While bureaucratic issues have left India's plan to host Formula One races in jeopardy, motorsport enthusiasts will be glad to know that Formula E could be held in the country in 2016. Mahindra Racing Team Principal, Gilbagh Gill, told dna that they are in the planning stage to bring the race to India.
"It's still early stages. We are trying to locate a city where we can have the race. We also have to find a suitable road. We also need the cooperation of local government bodies. More importantly, we have to see that the location has a good motorsport fan base," said Gill.
The FIA Formula E Championship is sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), and is the highest class of competition for electrically-powered racing cars.
Mahindra Racing is the only team from India to participate in this Championship. After six out of the 10 races, Mahindra drivers, Bruno Senna and Karun Chandhok are 10th and 14th, respectively.
While the results are evidently not in favour of the team from India, Gill felt they've succeeded in generating interest in the country.
"The position that we are in isn't reflective of the way we've performed. But the good thing is that people are following us closely. The Indian motorsport fan is more informed mainly because of magazines dedicated to motorsport. But more importantly, people connect to Formula E more because it is relevant to road usage. People feel there's more chance of owning a car that has an engine similar to that of Formula E cars," they said.
The only drawback to Formula E is that each driver has to make a mandatory pit stop to change cars as the battery technology is not sufficiently advanced to allow a one-hour race at full speed without recharging.
Each car can accelerate from 0–100 kmph in three seconds and can reach a maximum speed of 225 kmph. But Gill said that in the next four years, it won't be necessary to change cars as they are in the process of developing battery technology that will last for one hour.
"The drivers won't have to change cars, but the cars won't lose its pace either. So basically we'll make a car that is twice as better than the present one," said Gill.
The last five years have seen a tremendous increase in the number of electronically-powered cars plying on roads, and Gill felt by 2030, most people will buy alternate fuel-using vehicles. "I live in the USA and it's amazing how the adoption of electric vehicles has taken place here. You see people being so conscious about the kind of vehicle they use. And I'm sure that going forward, many more people are going to make informed choices of the vehicles they buy. They'll use cars that run on other fuels, if not electronic cars," they said.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) -- Hartford police officers had an usual day on Sunday taking care of a fawn that was rescued from the side of a highway after its mother had been struck by a car.
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved (Photo: Hartford police)
According to Hartford police, a concerned motorist gave them a call to report that a fawn was standing beside its mother next to a busy highway. Sadly, the mother deer had been struck by a car, but the fawn stood by its mother's side.
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved (Photo: Hartford police)
The motorist took the fawn to the front door of the Hartford police department, where officers began caring for what they called their "little buddy". Officials from the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection (DEEP) were also called to assist with care for the fawn.
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved (Photo: Hartford police)
Hartford police report that the fawn is doing well, and has been placed at a rescue farm.
It is well known that the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s were a disaster for the countries of sub-Saharan Africa. In a period when other underdeveloped regions, especially Asia, were experiencing steady economic growth, Africa as a whole saw its living standards plummet. Nearly all Africans lived under dictatorships, and millions suffered through brutal civil wars. Then, in the 1990s, the HIV/AIDS epidemic exploded, slashing life expectancy and heightening the sense that the region had reached rock bottom. It was no surprise when an intellectual cottage industry of Afro-pessimists emerged, churning out a stream of plausible-sounding explanations for Africa's stunning decline. The verdict was simple: Africa equaled failure.
What is less well known is that Africa's prospects have changed radically over the past decade or so. Across the continent, economic growth rates (in per capita terms) have been positive since the late 1990s. And it is not just the economy that has seen rapid improvement: in the 1990s, the majority of African countries held multiparty elections for the first time since the heady postindependence 1960s, and the extent of civic and media freedom on the continent today is unprecedented. Even though Africa's economic growth rates still fall far short of Asia's stratospheric levels, the steady progress that most African countries have experienced has come as welcome news after decades of despair. But that progress raises a critical question: what happened?
Steven Radelet's accessible and insightful new book, Emerging Africa, joins a growing chorus of voices explaining how and why Africa has turned the corner. Radelet, who joined the U.S. State Department to work on international development issues last year, was a fellow at the Center for Global Development and has served as a policymaker in both the United States and Liberia, where they advised President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf. They do a remarkable job of weaving together hard statistical patterns, case studies, and a coherent narrative that explains both Africa's decline and its recent rebound. The book is useful reading both for
An impressive preseason testing showing from Jean-Eric Vergne in their new Techeetah car means they are in a much better frame of mind heading into the new season compared to this time last year.
The Frenchman confirmed at the London race in July that they would be leaving DS Virgin Racing. It was a difficult season, which saw them score just two podium finishes (albeit perhaps two more than they thought they would amid difficulties with the team's overweight twin-motor powertrain). That run of tough races followed an equally difficult first season, in which they made an astonishing debut for Andretti in Punta del Este and was on target for a win before suspension failure ended their race.
JEV had told us at Battersea Park this summer that they would be back in a race-winning car for season three, prompting all sorts of speculation given that Renault, ABT and Jaguar were widely thought to be the leading teams for season three. Shortly afterwards, their move to the new Techeetah squad which has taken over Team Aguri, was revealed. It was a puzzling turn of events given that not much was (or is) known about the Chinese entity.
Vergne immediately set about answering any questions during their first outing in preseason testing at Donington Park yesterday, finishing the day with the fastest time. It was also a new lap record for Formula E at the British circuit. Armed with a powertrain identical to that being run in the Renault e.dams cars (which won both the teams' and drivers' titles last season, lest we forget), the Frenchman made a big impression.
“I'm really pleased,” Vergne told Current E today. “I think we have a strong package. Unfortunately we couldn't drive over the summer like all the other teams did, so we have some ground to catch up. I'm confident the team can catch this up and we've got some really good people in there.”
As Techeetah isn't a constructor, the team hasn't had the benefit of 15 days private testing that the manufacturer entities have; nor has the team had the opportunity to put the powertrain on the dyno for months to learn the intimate details about its performance. The showing this week is therefore all the more impressive.
It isn't just on-track where Vergne has seen an improvement though: even on a personal level, they have noticed a big, positive change. “I feel so much better than last year, just in myself,” Vergne said. “I feel better with the team. I feel like I can drive again. Last year I felt like I was not myself driving the car and I didn't know why. Now I know I can drive the car properly and not make any mistakes. This feels so good, you know. It's boosting my confidence, especially my level of pleasure while driving.”
When asked how the atmosphere at Techeetah compared to that of DS Virgin Racing in season two, Vergne said: “It's really nice. I wouldn't compare anything, but all I can say is that people can see on my face that I'm much happier.”
It's been an odd year or so for JEV. They joined the Andretti squad with something to prove after losing their F1 seat; their blistering speed was clearly evident immediately. Then, last summer, they were in with a shout of picking up a 2016 F1 drive with the new Haas team. That all seemed to come undone around the time of Formula E preseason testing last year. So the F1 door seemed to be closing just as their new Formula E team turned up with a heavy, difficult-to-drive car. Little wonder they aren't too happy.
It may be another reason why the widely anticipated on-track fireworks between teammates Sam Bird and JEV didn't materialise until the end of the season, although behind closed doors there was a distinctly frosty atmosphere between the pair.
This season has already started on a more positive note for the French racer. “It's early, but I'm in a much better spirit,” Vergne said. “I want to get back to what I used to enjoy before.”
Should Vergne recapture the kind of early form they showed with Andretti in season one and that of their F1 days with Toro Rosso, with what could arguably the best powertrain on the grid, they could surprise many with their results in season three. Watch this space…
Luke Smith
Wow!! Burning Ship at the Squamish Terminals. Posted by Christina Forsyth on Thursday, April 16, 2015
A massive fire on the east dock of the Squamish Terminal sent huge plumes of thick smoke over the district on Thursday night.
Crews from Squamish, West Vancouver, and Vancouver, as well as a fire boat, spent hours putting out the blaze, which started around 6:30 p.m.
“There was a significant amount of billowing and dark-looking smoke coming off the ship at the terminal," Mayor Patricia Heintzman told CKNW. “It's pretty smelly, pretty toxic smelling."
They said the noxious smell was coming from creosote-treated pilings on fire.
Squamish officials said they were waiting for confirmation of the smoke's toxicity levels from Vancouver Coastal Health. There was no evacuation order, but they said, "As a precaution, residents should 'shelter in place' and stay indoors as the air quality is poor in many parts of the valley."
Heintzman said staff at the terminals all got out safely and no injuries have been reported.
The timber-carrying Star Atlantic ship — originally thought as the source of the smoke — was moved away from the terminal, reported CBC News.
Squamish is about 60 kilometres north of Vancouver.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Also on HuffPost
CLOSE The Chicago police officer charged with the murder of Laquan McDonald has posted bond. Police officer Jason Van Dyke appeared in Cook County court. where a judge set their bail at $1.5 million. USA TODAY
Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke leaves the Cook County Jail after posting bond on Monday, Nov. 30, 2015, in Chicago. Van Dyke has been locked up since Nov. 24, when prosecutors charged them with first-degree murder in the shooting death of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald. (Photo11: AP)
CHICAGO — A Chicago police officer facing a first-degree murder charge for shooting a teen 16 times was released from county jail Monday evening, hours after a judge set bond at $1.5 million.
Officer Jason Van Dyke had been in jail since Tuesday after prosecutors charged them with the Oct. 20, 2014, shooting of Laquan McDonald. Also on Tuesday, the city released dashcam video that shows the teen, who is black, being shot by Van Dyke, who is white.
This Nov. 24, 2015 file photo released by the Cook County Sheriff's Office shows Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke, who was charged with first degree murder after a squad car video caught them fatally shooting 17-year-old Laquan McDonald 16 times. Van Dyke is scheduled to return to court Monday, Nov. 30, 2015, to learn whether he'll be offered bond. (Photo11: AP)
Ben Breit, a Cook County sheriff's department spokesperson, said late Monday afternoon that Van Dyke posted bail — 10% of the bail set by the judge, or $150,000 — and was released.
Protesters took to Chicago streets for several days after the video release and the announcement of the charges.
Lamon Reccord, an organizer of the protests, expressed frustration that Van Dyke was able to post bail.
"I think the protests were largely peaceful, because they were in jail," Reccord said at a prayer vigil in front of police department headquarters Monday evening. "There's going to be a lot of anger. I want it to be peaceful, but I worry there could now be damage."
Another protester, Jedidiah Brown, an activist from the city's South Side who is black, said that Van Dyke's release sends the wrong message to Chicago.
"When Van Dyke walked out, what that said to me is that my life doesn't matter to this mayor and this city," Brown said.
Judge Donald Panarese Jr. noted before setting the bail Monday that Van Dyke is presumed innocent.
Daniel Herbert, Van Dyke's attorney, argued that Van Dyke is no threat to the public and should be given a reasonable bond. The attorney expressed relief after the judge set bond.
Van Dyke appeared in court Tuesday for a bond hearing, but prosecutors did not present the judge with the dashcam video. Panarese ordered lawyers to return to court Monday afternoon, so they could decide on bail after viewing the video.
The video shows McDonald, who prosecutors say punctured a tire of a squad car prior to the shooting, veering away from police when Van Dyke shoots the teen. Van Dyke fired 13 of the shots while McDonald was on the ground, the video shows.
CLOSE Chicago police released a dashcam video Nov. 24, 2015, that shows the shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, who was killed by an officer in October 2014. The officer, Jason Van Dyke, has been charged with first-degree murder. VPC
The video is at odds with a narrative pushed by the department and police union that McDonald, who prosecutors said had PCP in their system and was holding a knife with a 3-inch blade, lunged at Van Dyke before they opened fire.
The shooting lasted about 15 seconds. Five other officers, who were dispatched to the scene after police received a 911 call that McDonald was brandishing a knife and had been breaking into cars, did not fire their weapons.
Dean Angelo, president of the Chicago police union, said after Monday's hearing that the union continues to stand by Van Dyke. They said that fellow officers have donated an undisclosed sum to a bail fund set up by Van Dyke's wife.
"I think (the video shows) Officer Van Dyke steps into training mode and takes action that we believe at that time was justified," Angelo said.
Herbert said their client feared for their life and was acting out of self-defense. They added that the video doesn't portray the full portrait of what led to the shooting and that their client would ultimately be vindicated when all the evidence is presented at trial.
"When you see the video alone, it does not seem like a justifiable shooting," Herbert said. "But there are certain things I know that quite frankly nobody else knows."
Meanwhile, Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez is facing mounting pressure to resign from their elected seat in the aftermath of the video's release. Alvarez has faced criticism that it took their office 13 months to file the murder charges against Van Dyke.
After announcing the charges against Van Dyke last week, Alvarez said their office was "meticulous" in putting together the case and was hoping to announce the charges jointly with federal prosecutors who were conducting a parallel investigation. They said they decided to move forward with the charge last week out of concern for public safety after a Cook County Circuit Court judge ordered the city to release the video after being sued by a journalist for violating open record laws.
Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia said Monday that they and a group of Latino leaders would call on Alvarez to step down. Garcia posed a strong challenge to Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's re-election effort earlier this year, forcing the incumbent into the first mayoral runoff in city history. Rep. Bobby Rush, D-Ill., has also called for Alvarez, who faces a March 15 primary, to step down.
Kim Foxx, a former prosecutor and current chief of staff to the Cook County Board president, announced they will challenge Alvarez in the primary. Donna More, a former federal and state prosecutor, says they plan on filing for candidacy Monday afternoon.
"It is time to get tough on crime no matter who commits it," More said.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for Northern Illinois says it continues to investigate the case.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1HA3GBS
While Elon Musk's project to build networks of tunnels with electric sleds transporting cars and people at high-speed underneath cities is ambitious in itself from a technology standpoint, several naysayers claimed it would be infeasible from a permitting standpoint.
Musk understands the challenge and they went as far as saying that getting “the permits is harder than the technology.”
Nonetheless, they said that they are optimistic about the project after having talked with Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, who could possibly facilitate such a project.
Last month, reports of red tapes for Musk's vision for the Boring Company came out after city managers spoke out on the project.
Santa Monica, City Manager Rick Cole, told LA Business Journal:
“We would laugh them out of our office. It's a completely absurd pipe dream.”
Of course, that's something that people said about Musk's other projects before like landing a rocket booster or building an electric car company and it hasn't stopped him.
John Nachbar, city manager of Culver City, another area where Musk wants to dig, was more open to the idea, but they also expressed doubts about the project.
Musk admitted that the odds of success may be low, but they added that the alternative is just to accept to sit in traffic forever:
We can either give up hope & sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 8, 2017
They also said that they already have the permits to drill in Hawthorne, where they started the first tunnel. Musk has a lot of influence in the small city inside LA county since SpaceX is a major job creator in the area.
Hawthorne is located southwest of downtown Los Angeles – near LAX international airport:
In April, they took delivery of their first boring machine and started digging in the parking lot of SpaceX's headquarters.
But Musk plans to expand in several other cities within LA County:
“Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to Culver City, Santa Monica, Westwood and Sherman Oaks. Future tunnels will cover all of greater LA.”
They turned to Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti to facilitate the project. The mayor briefly mentioned the project during a TV interview last weekend, which is when Musk confirmed that they presented it to him:
Promising conversations with @MayorOfLA regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes & pedestrians. Permits harder than technology. https://t.co/0dxrXBOOWy — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 18, 2017
While it's still far from a done deal, it looks like Musk is on top of the permitting issues associated with the project – something they haven't mentioned as much as the technology side of it.
As previously mentioned, The Boring Company aims to improve on current tunnel boring technology to accelerate the speed and cost of boring tunnels in order to economically create vast networks of tunnels under cities to alleviate traffic. Those plans also include that cars would travel inside the tunnels on electric sleds mounted on rails. It would result in smaller tunnels than having to build actual lanes and it would enable faster travel.
UCLA continues to be recognized as one of the most preeminent institutions of higher learning in the world, according to the opinions of leading academics from across the globe. In the most recent Times Higher Education World Reputation Rankings, UCLA placed No. 2 among all U.S. public universities and No. 13 among all universities worldwide, public or private.
The reputation survey, completed by more than 10,500 senior academics from 137 nations, was established in 2011 as a spinoff of the annual Times Higher Education World University Rankings. The survey data will be used alongside 11 objective indicators to determine this year's overall rankings, which are published in September.
Among U.S. public universities, UCLA was behind only UC Berkeley, which was No. 6 overall.
UCLA consistently performs well in multiple rankings that use a wide range of criteria.
In January, UCLA was ranked No. 3 by the Princeton Review in its annual national ranking of best-value public universities. In October, U.S. News and World Report's Best Global Universities rankings placed UCLA second among American public universities and 10th overall. In addition, U.S. News and World Report ranked UCLA No. 2 among the country's national public universities and No. 24 overall in its 2017 Best Colleges rankings. UCLA also received the highest score for economic diversity among top universities in those rankings.
There are many benefits to saving your home and work addresses in Google Maps. You can use the new driving mode for one-tap access to driving directions from your home screen. If you use public transportation to commute, you can stop guessing when the train will arrive with quick access to real-time transportation information.
Home and work are not the only places you can label in Google Maps. For example, if you look up the best route to avoid traffic on your way to your kid's school, or to see when the next bus is coming to get to your friend's house for your favorite sitcom every Thursday, or the gym on Mondays and Wednesdays, you can now label these places for quick access to directions, traffic conditions, best routes and more.
To save home and work addresses and other destinations, just make sure you're signed in to your Google account. Then visit the Places tab or type an address, then label it. Once setup, you can just type "home", "work" or "gym" in the search bar to get directions and navigate quickly and easily from wherever you are.
AURORA | El Salvador wants to add a consulate in the Denver area, and this week marks multiple efforts by Aurora civic leaders to make sure that consulate doesn't end up going to the big-sister city to the west.
After welcoming members of El Salvador's Legislative Assembly to meet with Police Chief Nick Metz this past week, city leaders will sign a pact with Aurora Sister Cities' new Salvadoran Friendship City of Antiguo Cuscatlán during a reception Friday, Aug. 19, in the lobby of city hall.
The flurry of activity comes after months of planning by Mayor Steve Hogan and other city leaders to take an opportunity to add another sister city and turn it into an opportunity to snatch a development away from Denver.
Hogan traveled to El Salvador in May as part of Aurora's outreach in building ties between the city and political leaders in the Central American nation. Despite a prevailing spirit of regional cooperation between the Front Range's municipalities, Hogan candidly said the chance to win the consulate away from Denver was a factor in the decision to go to El Salvador.
“The assumption is that (the consulate)'s going to be Denver,” Hogan said at an April 30 council workshop. “So what our international initiatives people had heard and our Sister Cities people had heard was that there's an opportunity to do something that Denver would like to do. And very frankly, we can take something out from under the nose of Denver.”
Hogan later said Aurora has no intention at the moment of making Antiguo, which is part of the metropolitan area of San Salvador, an official sister city.
“There would have to be an awful lot more work done before council would even consider it for a sister city status,” Hogan said, noting Aurora City Council would have to formally approve such an agreement. Aurora currently has sister city agreements with Seongnam, South Korea and Adama, Ethiopia.
But they said the move is one that reflects the significance of Aurora's Salvadoran population, which numbers slightly less than 2,5000 according to the City of Aurora's 2016 demographic report, which uses data from the U.S. Census American Community Survey. According to the report, Aurora residents from El Salvador make up the city's third-highest population of foreign-born residents, sitting behind only Ethiopia and Mexico.
Ward IV Councilman Charlie Richardson had initially raised concerns about Hogan's trip due to the use of Aurora police officers for security during the trip, arguing that an international security escort should have been sought given the high crime rate in El Salvador. Ward I Councilwoman Sally Mounier echoed Richardson's concerns, urging Hogan to “sleep with one eye open.”
“This is not a great place for safety,” Mounier said. Hogan returned from the May trip without incident.
At-Large Councilman Bob LeGare likened the reputation El Salvador had due to its crime rate was not unlike image problems that Aurora has experienced.
“I don't have a picture in my mind of the entire country being a corrupt, gang-banging … well, you hear that all the time about Mexico,” LeGare said, with Hogan and Ward V Councilman Bob Roth both interrupting to interject, “You hear that all the time about Aurora!”
“That's exactly my point,” LeGare continued. “What we're doing around this table is applying to El Salvador exactly what other areas of the metro area apply to Aurora. ‘Oh, you wouldn't want to go there. You'd get shot and gang-murdered.”
Ward VI Councilwoman Francoise Bergan voiced concern that a relationship with that area of Central America might invite a criminal pipeline to the city.
“I think the problem with San Salvador was the image of cartels and maybe that would encourage them to come to Aurora,” Bergan said. “I think thre was that perception out there.”
Hogan defended the efforts during the April 30 workshop in saying that “we can't say we're an international city unless we act like an international city,” and that Aurora has the second-largest Salvadoran population in the entire state.
But the prospect of beating Denver on landing El Salvador's planned Colorado consulate still seemed like a key factor as Hogan explained the thought process.
“I'm just sick and tired of being second to Denver in everything,” Hogan said. “I'm really tired of being second to Denver in everything. We are the most international city in Colorado and we ought to do something about it.”
Hogan later said they wanted the friendship with Antiguo to be a learning opportunity for Aurora.
“People think it's not a safe place. If that's all they know, there's an education that needs to go on. The start of that process is a friendship city relationship,” Hogan said.
And though Hogan emphasized that the outreach to El Salvador was not technically an economic development deal, they noted the city would stand to reap financial gains from bringing a consulate to Aurora.
“If it gets established in Denver, everybody here is going to go to Denver,” Hogan said. “And while they're in Denver they're going to buy their lunch or buy their dinner or do whatever they do, and they're going to spend money in Denver instead of Aurora.”
Staff writers Rachel Sapin, Brandon Johansson and Quincy Snowdon contributed to this report.
Adrenalin O.D. was an American hardcore punk band from New Jersey that existed from 1981 to 1990. They are best known for playing extremely fast music accompanied by humorous lyrics.
History [ edit ]
Adrenalin O.D. formed in 1981 from the ashes of late 1970s punk band The East Paterson Boys Choir. A.O.D.'s first recordings saw release on the widely distributed New York Thrash cassette compilation released on ROIR cassettes in 1982. The compilation also featured the first recordings of the Beastie Boys, as well as prominent New York City punk bands like Kraut and the Washington DC band Bad Brains. The comedic and speedy "Paul's Not Home" became an instant college radio hit.
A.O.D.'s first vinyl release, a six-song (EP) entitled Let's Barbeque, was released on their own Buy Our Records label. Because the budget was so tight, the band could only afford 15 minutes of studio time. They recorded all six tracks in one take with no overdubs. Buy Our Records became one of New Jersey's largest indie punk labels and springboarded the careers of many bands including Flag of Democracy, Raging Slab, and Pussy Galore.
Adrenalin O.D.'s first album entitled The Wacky Hijinks of Adrenalin O.D. showcased the band's use of blazing speed-punk and sarcastic lyrics, taking aim at the suburban experience with songs like "Middle Aged Whore", "Trans Am" (the inspiration for the Dead Milkmen's "Bitchin' Camaro"), and the crowd favorite "Rock n' Roll Gas Station". The album contains an untitled and blatantly obvious backmasked track. When played backwards, it is the band members saying in unison; "God is very, very nice. Be kind to animals. Satan sucks." The band turned down offers from virtually every major metal label looking to market the band to the emerging thrash metal crowds, maintaining that even though their songs had a metallic edge they were a punk band. Some of the songs on HumungousFungusAmongus are the fastest hardcore tracks ever recorded. Adrenalin O.D. toured nationally and created a loyal following via their live shows (described by some as an experience somewhere between Minor Threat and Don Rickles.) The band's quick wit and on-stage banter was at times as much of an improv stand-up comedy act as a hardcore punk band, and fans coined the term "funny-punk" to describe their performances. Tracks that exhibit the band's quirky sense of humor include a punk rock cover of Henry Mancini's "Baby Elephant Walk", a surf rock version of "Hava Nagila" entitled "Surfin' Jew", and a track entitled "Masterpiece" which is a punk reworking of Jean-Joseph Mouret's Fanfare-Rondeau" from "Symphonies and Fanfares for the King's Supper" (which the band knew only as the theme from the PBS TV series Masterpiece Theatre).
By their third release Cruising With Elvis In Bigfoot's UFO, the band brought in producer Daniel Rey (who had worked with the Ramones, Misfits and Iggy Pop) to help the band's translation from hyper-speed to mid-tempo melodic punk. With songs like "Bulimic Food Fight", and "My Mother Can't Drive", both Stereo Review Magazine and "Decibel Magazine" ranked the album among the funniest records of all time. Their last release "Ishtar" produced by Andy Shernoff Dictators for Restless/Enigma Records saw the band starting to lose their momentum and interest. Ishtar was over budget and only available for a short time before the label folded. Hence the title "Ishtar".
Bands that have cited Adrenalin O.D. as a major influence include NOFX, Anthrax, Screeching Weasel, Bouncing Souls, Night Birds, Municipal Waste, Darkthrone, and S.O.D.[4]
After parting ways with Adrenalin O.D. in 1986, Jack Steeples took over the guitar duties for Mental Decay. Mental Decay recorded and released three singles (Mental Decay, Elvis Demilo, and Walking Stick) plus two cuts with the Headache Records compilation with Jack on guitar. Jack left Mental Decay in 1995 and "cleaned up." They would rejoin Mental Decay again for a short time in 1996 to record and play a number of shows. In December 1995, Jack would take over Bass duties and rejoin their friend and Adrenalin O.D. frontman Paul Richard in the Kowalskis. Jack's first show with the Kowalskis would be opening for Iggy Pop. Fronted by Kitty Kowalski, the Kowalskis released a single and a full-length CD (All Hooped up on Goofballs) on the Blackout record label with Jack and Paul. After leaving the Kowalskis in 1999, Paul and Jack would go on to form SUX. SUX was together for ten years, never releasing any recordings.
Band members Bruce Wingate and Wayne Garcia went on to form a three-man band Bruce Wayne in tribute to both of their first names and the secret identity of comic book hero Batman. In the mid-1990s Wingate was the musical director for two tours by cult figure Harvey Sid Fisher. They have continued to write and record as the frontman for many groups, including The International Brunch Mummies, Shyster Shyster & Flywheel, New Reagans, The Earls Of Sandwich, and the TXT PSTLZ (text pistols). They also formed a joke-techno band called Total Dick which progressed and renamed itself to District Allstarz.
Drummer Dave Scott spent three years with the ill-fated New Jersey "supergroup" Scrooge (later Grimelord) with members of Genocide and Niblick Henbane, before going on to Atlantic Recording artists Lucy's Trance. They later relocated to Florida and has played in The Hybrids, November Charlie, The F-Pipes and The Rondos. They also managed Orlando Power duo NUTRAJET featuring poster artist Greg "STAINBOY" Reinel. Foster, son of fireballing 97-year-old Bill Foster, who is currently the only remaining alumnus still alive from Upsala College, went on to become the lead guitarist in Electric Frankenstein.
Adrenalin O.D. has reunited several times, including a benefit for CBGB's, along with The Dead Boys, Peter and the Test Tube Babies, and Flipper in August 2005. In 1999, they reunited to record the 31-second track "Your Kung Fu Is Old...and Now You Must Die!!!" for the compilation CD Short Music For Short People. In Feb. 2013 Grammy Award Winner Jack White from White Stripes and Gibby Haynes from Butthole Surfers would collaborate on a cover of Adrenalin O.D.'s song "Paul's Not Home" for Jack White's Third Man Records label.
Members [ edit ]
The band's original line-up was as follows:
Paul Richard - guitar, vocals (1981-1990, 1999, 2005, 2007)
Jim Foster - guitar (1981-1983)
Jack Steeples - bass guitar (1981-1986, 1999, 2005, 2007)
Dave Scott (Schwartzman) - drums (1981-1990, 1999, 2005, 2007)
Later members of the band included:
Bruce Wingate - guitar (1984-1990, 1999, 2005, 2007)
Keith Hartel - bass (1987-1989)
Wayne Garcia - bass guitar (1989-1990)
Discography [ edit ]
Albums [ edit ]
Compilation albums [ edit ]
Sittin' Pretty (1995)
(1995) A.O.D. Themes - rare and unreleased demos 1981-1982 (2001)
Compilation appearances [ edit ]
On Wednesday night, I put the kids to bed, poured myself a glass of wine and took The Red Pill.
That is to say, I watched the men's rights movie that has been chased out of cinemas in Australia. The title of the film – taken from The Matrix, in which Keanu Reeves is offered the choice of a red pill (which delivers lacerating truth and self knowledge) or a blue pill (blissful ignorance) – is portentous. Viewers are invited to infer that revelations – perhaps shocking ones – will almost certainly be forthcoming. Protests! Cancellation of screenings! This must be some heavy stuff. I paid my $6.95 to rent the title, and sat back, prepared for outrage.
Cassie Jaye's film The Red Pill is journalistically weak. Credit:YouTube
Now I'm a feminist. A feature shared – I discover, as the film opens – with director and narrator Cassie Jaye, a friendly Oklahoman who seems always to be having a good hair day. They explain that their feminism derives from having moved to Hollywood when they were 18 to pursue an acting career, and finding themselves only ever cast as one of the scantily-clad teen cuties butchered in the early scenes of budget horror flicks. (This being a dot-the-Is, cross-the-Ts type documentary, we are shown some brief sequences of a younger Cassie being murdered by a giant lizard. Them story checks out.)
Cassie explains they soon opted out of acting, in favour of directing, and went on to be a documentary film-maker, on a range of irreproachable subjects including women's health (cue images of sad-looking women), teen celibacy (girls in confirmation dresses) and gay marriage (two neat T-shirted men holding hands in a field).
Abstraction layers in your projects allow for extreme flexibility. That's a given. Define a QueueInterface and create implementations for Beanstalkd, Amazon SQS, and IronMQ. Swap them out without touching anything but your IoC container. That's awesome.
I was recently introduced to the repository pattern, a type of abstraction and organizational technique. The idea being, create a repository for each of your models to retrieve and persist to and from. A supposed benefit of the repository pattern is the ability to abstract your ORM and create different implemenations for Eloquent, Doctrine, Propel, etc. This abstraction intrigued me. I set off to put this idea into practice and see what it took. Here are my findings.
The goal
My goal for this project was to abstract my ORM. Pretty straightforward, right? Just take the repository pattern to the extreme. Way easier said than done.
Heads up! I'm using I'm using Laravel as my framework of choice.
Time to go to work
I decided my first task was to create a UserRepository interface. An interface that had method stubs like create(array $fieldValues) , findById($id) , and currentUser() , etc.
Next up was to create my first implementation. Because Laravel is my framework, it made sense to implement the Eloquent ORM first. That was pretty easy, but then I realized something...my EloquentUserRepository is going to return Eloquent models. Okay...need to create a UserInterface .
Looks like I need to abstract Eloquent's sexy dynamic setter/getter action. I created my UserInterface with setEmail($email) , getEmail() , setPassword($password) , and getPassword() , save() methods.
Persisting for ORM X
At this point I started thinking I should peek at some other ORMs to see how they do things. Doctrine was in my line of sights. As soon as I learned about Doctrine's EntityManager I knew architecting this thing was going to be difficult.
In Doctrine, you wouldn't typically call save() on your models. You use the EntityManager to persist($model) and flush() the models. This wraps the save in a SQL transaction for you. I like that a lot. It means transactions are handled for you when you do something like the following.
$user = new User(); $user->setName('David'); $profile = new UserProfile(); $profile->setLocation('Dallas'); $profile->setOccupation('Software Developer'); // relate this profile to the user $profile->setUser($user); $em = $this->getDoctrine()->getManager(); $em->persist($user); $em->persist($profile); $em->flush();
I want to use transactions with Eloquent, so it looks like I need to add a save(UserInterface $user) method to the UserRepository interface. I'll just call save() on the Eloquent model inside of the EloquentUserRepository 's save(UserInterface $user) method.
Hmm...what about relationships?
After looking at Doctrine, I realized I needed to create different method stubs somewhere for relating and un-relating models.
I wonder how Propel handles relationships. Hmm...looks like you set related models on each other and then save() it, which cascades the saves.
//Propel relationship saving $author = new Author(); $author->setFirstName("Leo"); $author->setLastName("Tolstoy"); // no need to save the author yet $publisher = new Publisher(); $publisher->setName("Viking Press"); // no need to save the publisher yet $book = new Book(); $book->setTitle("War & Peace"); $book->setIsbn("0140444173"); $book->setPublisher($publisher); $book->setAuthor($author); $book->save(); // saves all 3 objects!
About that...do I create a UserRelationship interface? Do I add methods to the UserInterface ? How should I go about handling the cascading saves by Propel versus the immediate saves done by Eloquent versus the flushing done by Doctrine? Uhhh...I'll just not worry about that for now. Validation is what I need next!
Validation
I like the idea of validating data for models before I stick the data inside the model. In Laravel, I can just create a class specifically for validation and use Laravel's validation class. I'll do that and validate an array of POST data from the request.
Just to be safe, I better take a peek at how Doctrine handles validation. Umm...a bit different. Looks like I can get a handle on a validator object and pass it a model or I can create a some kind of form object from my models and validate it by passing it a Request object. Looks like a need to create interfaces for each of my form validators and have different implementations for each ORM. That sucks.
Wonder how Propel handles validation. Looks like you validate a Propel model by calling a validated() on the model itself. Great...so Laravel validates an array of data, Doctrine a Request object, and Propel the models themselves. How do I interface that?
Observers
I think I want to be able to hook into different events and have event listeners for certain actions. Eloquent already has some Eloquent events defined for saving, updating, deleting models. That's nice but no good for me. I need generic events being fired.
I need to fire those same events in all of my UserRepository implementations. Yet another thing to keep in mind.
This is rough
Geez, I had no idea how much planning this would take. I'm not getting anywhere. Although a cool idea, this proof of concept isn't worth the time I'm spending on it.
What do you have to show for this?
Not much! :( I wish I had some cool demo where I could change a flag in the code and Eloquent would be used, change it again and Doctrine would be used, change it again and Propel would be used...but, alas, I do not.
The truth is I've spent so much time reading about how these different ORM's handle different aspects and not writing any code. After learning how different each ORM is, I've found it incredibly difficult to interface the different components to make an ORM agnostic project work.
I do not want to sound like I'm whining about something I was promised by using the repository pattern. That is not the intention of this post at all. The repository pattern most definitely has its benefits, but completely abstracting your ORM was a little too difficult for me. It was hindering me from actually producing anything.
It's not all doom and gloom for me though. This forced me to take a look at Doctrine(which I'm liking the more I see) and Propel. Learning how these different ORM's handle validation, relationships, transacations, etc has been a great experience for me. It has helped me form some opinions about what I like and don't like in an ORM, which is great. I didn't even think about that indirect benefit when I started.
As of right now, for me, I've decided that I can use the repository pattern for organizational purposes, but not ORM abstraction. I think I need to pick an ORM and stick with it to get anything done.
Overall I'm really glad I attempted this. I learned a lot. I hope this post starts a discussion on proper ORM abstraction. I would love to here your guys' thoughts on the subject.
About this article: This is a weekly report on the online Pauper meta. The data it uses are from last Wednesday to this Wednesday. It looks at the data that Tom the Scud collects from a selection of dailies. They watch the replays on MTGO to figure out how each person did, not just the 3-1s and 4-0s that Wizards publishes. This allows us to see the whole iceberg and figure out how well each deck did in total. Now, this data is just for this week and just from the data Tom collects, so it does ignore the other 3-1/4-0 results which means it is not perfect. Additionally, the conclusions in this article are just based on this week, and as the meta is fluid, the top decks shift. This is intended to see what decks are performing well this week and is not necessarily a reflection of the deck's overall strength.
This article uses data from the 5/28, 5/29 evening, 5/31 afternoon, and 5/31 evening (courtesy of Patrick Johnson) results
Welcome to the new season! As Modern Masters 2015 was officially added for Pauper this week, and new cards are available, decks can really shift in the meta. The big story out of MMA2015 was [C]Gut Shot[/C], yet the ping spell did not seem to ping into decklists as it was in 0 of the 29 Wizards reported 4-0 lists (which is a different data set than the one looked at here). One of the main reasons for this is because of the graphs below. Gut Shot is not good versus 5 of the top 8 decks (MBC, Burn, Affinity, Boros Kitty, and UB Angler) which make up 50% of the meta. The deck it is arguably best against (Delver) only made up 6% of the meta. Still, the card is new and I would expect it to grow in popularity as more people get their hands on the card and test it out.
There are 4 really large takeaways from these graphs. First, Burn has moved up to being a dominant presence in the meta, but did not advance to the cash as much as it did previously. Second, Esper Fae Combo again had a huge week as the 7th most popular deck in total, but was the 3rd most popular deck from the 3-1s and 4-0s which is a massive jump. Third, and potentially the strangest, is that the other decks actually improved from the total to the cash, something very rarely seen. As the other category often includes suboptimal decks that go 0-2 or new brews, the most established decks in the category really had a huge week. A ton of interest decks cashed like Bant Midrange, Rhystic Tron, Grixis Contrl, Infect, RB Control, etc. This means that the meta is ripe for innovation and for rogue decks to do really well. Lastly, UR Fiend and W Tokens dropped under the 5% mark and were not included in these graphs. W Tokens is unsurprising, but UR Fiend just barely was under the limit with only 2 fewer copies than UB Angler. It'll be here again. The last graph looks at how the best decks did in terms of cash rate and win rate last week.
This really demonstrates how much Esper Fae and Delver were ahead of the curve this week, despite being two of the decks most vulnerable to Gut Shot. The rest of the top decks all did a bit under the curve with all of them (excluding the newcomer Boros Kitty) getting less than a 30% cash rate and under 50% win rates, but just by a bit. That means that all of these decks were slightly below average, or in UB Angler's case, way below average. This was a week that was taken by the rogue decks and it begs the question – is this variance, or just how the meta will go?
Thanks for reading! -Najay1
Winners
1. Esper Fae Combo – Making up only 5.39% of the meta, this continual force put up a 62.50% cash rate and a 71.19% win rate. This deck has been consistently above par, but still faces a major problem in dealing with it. The deck is potentially the best deck in the format (it has been recently), but rarely picks up new players and makes it so that its popularity is low enough that it may be correct not to sideboard for the matchup. That way it is hard to devote slots against a deck when it isn't seen all that often. It is probably best to have cards that are good against this deck, but also great against other top decks if you want to beat it. If Gut Shot can be more popular, it may make the deck a bit worse, but until something happens, expect Esper Fae to continue comboing off into the winner's circle.
2. Goblins – The old red force has not been seen too much of recently, but was able to get 4.38% of the meta this week (similar to past weeks) and put up very strong results. With a 53.85% cash rate and 62.22% win rate, the deck put up very strong results through 13 pilots. Despite the strong results, I doubt the deck will put up better results than this week. With a deck very reliant on having 2-3 lands, if it draws too many, or too few, the deck can be screwed. A very similar deck is Affinity, but Affinity has a much higher power level when working full speed – and is much harder to get a great start. I like the deck, and it deserves to be a solid T2 deck, but I doubt it will dominate the meta anytime soon.
3. Delver – Another strong week for one of the best decks in Pauper. Although it remained low in popularity, the deck put up a 47.37% cash rate and a 60.56% win rate. With 16 decks between 4-0 and 2-X, and only 3 worse, this deck looks to be one of the best in the metagame. Yet, there is a problem. A new problem. Gut Shot. This is the deck that stands to lose the most from having the card in the meta. Yet, as long as MBC and Burn stay atop the meta, and Delver isn't very popular, this deck can continue having success as Gut Shot may not be a good meta call. Unlike the past, I doubt this deck will become number one in popularity anytime soon, yet the deck still seems like a strong choice until Gut Shot becomes popular and right now it is not. Still a great choice to play Delver.
Losers
1. UB Angler – With so many decks doing badly this week, UB Angler managed to counter its growing popularity with shrinking success. Clocking in with a 12.50% cash rate and a 43.14% win rate, the deck had only 2 pilots make the cash out of its 16 pilots. It did, however, have 5 decks at 2-X and have a win rate much higher than the cash rate, suggesting that this week's failure was at least a bit related to luck. It could be argued that the deck just cannot stand up to the decks at the higher levels, but crush more decks lower on which gives it so many more decks close to the winner's circle, but not in it. As past results do not support that too much, I would be surprised if that is the case. Either way, this is a deck that has had high highs and low recently. I am not yet sure where it will land.
2. MBC – The king of the format only this week got a serious challenge to its popularity, but it still managed to be the most popular deck by one with 47 pilots. As has been the trend though, it did not put up equally dominant results. With a 27.66% cash rate and 45.89% win rate, the deck again put up slightly below average numbers. With more players at each 1-X and 0-X than in the cash, the deck seems to again put up lower results through this data. Despite that, the addition of Gut Shot may help the deck up a bit. As more people play a card that is terrible against this deck, MBC will gain some amount of percentage points. On the other hand, it is important to look at the decks that Gut Shot does well against and how MBC fares against those decks. Most of the decks that are bad against Gut Shot are bad against MBC which means that Gut Shot may not actually be great for the deck. Either way, the effect will probably be small and the much larger impact is the surging growth of Burn. Burn is one of this deck's worst matchups and it now is about as popular as MBC. For MBC, it is good that Burn will probably subside and MBC has a higher outlook in the future. Last season 2 different decks rose up to fight MBC, and MBC has withstood through both of them, it has done so with mostly losing records. I would expect to face a lot of MBC, but would not be excited to play it.
3. Burn – This is a deck that has grown in popularity in direct response to MBC and looks to have reached the tipping point. The deck has striking similarities to the path W Tokens took just a bit ago. It grew from a small deck to one of the best decks with great success, but then the hate cards started flowing in. Burn, as W Tokens, is very bad against certain cards and decks and once people notice its presence, they start preparing more for the deck. People have noticed, and Burn had bad results with a 26.09% cash rate and a 48.37% win rate. It still was not as bad as MBC (with less 0-X results and significantly more 2-X and 1-X results), but the deck was not able to put up as strong of results as usual. This indicated Burn has reached the tipping point, the moment in which the deck is hated too much to be successful. As with W Tokens, I believe the deck has a small amount of weeks as a very prominent deck. The popularity may not dip too much this week, and should still be hated upon, but in 2-3 weeks, the deck will fall to be just one of the top decks. Right now is not the time to be a Burn player, but it is still time to plan to beat this deck. The deck will subside soon, the tipping point has been reached.
Deck to Watch For
Boros Kitty – A deck that has consistently put up strong results, but never shown up in numbers, I was very surprised when the deck made up 6.06% of the meta. It put up decent results with a 33.33% cash rate and a 53.97% win rate, still better than every top deck except Delver and Esper Fae. I think this deck is very well positioned right now as it has great matchups versus MBC and some other top decks. I would not be surprised to see the deck going up or down in the near future, as this week's spike in popularity was unexpected, but I hope it to continue as it seems to be a solid choice in the upcoming meta.
Brew of the Week
Bant Midrange – One of the more innovative decks I have seen have success in a while, this list runs a lot of cards that are not seen too often, or at all. It is mainly a UW grindy list that is splashing green for Armadillo Cloak. Some of the key cards are Squadron Hawk, Mulldrifter, Trinket Mage, Brainstorm, and lots of counters/removal. The deck interestingly does not play 4 of any spell, partially because of Trinket Mage, but that suggests to me that the list needs to be streamlined a bit more. It packs a Trinket Mage package, some removal, some counters (including 3 Hindering Light), and some bounce. In a world of Burn, I can see how this had success with 3 Last Breath, 2 Radiant Fountains, and 2 Armadillo Cloaks (along with interesting Affinity tech Divine Offering). Intriguing, but the deck needs to be improved before it is truly competitive.
Data
Thanks to Tom the Scud. Check out their Facebook and their Spreadsheet.
PCT Results
The PCT is a weekly tournament hosted on Gatherling.com by LongTimeGone. It occurs Tuesday at 8 pm est.
&NBSP;
Just hours after being sworn in, President Donald Trump moved to suspend a plan to reduce the Federal Housing Administration's mortgage insurance premiums that was set to go into effect on Jan. 27. The reduction had been announced on Jan. 9 by the outgoing Obama administration and Housing and Urban Development head Julian Castro.
The reduction in premiums by 25 basis points, or a quarter percentage point, “has been suspended indefinitely,” according to an FHA news release. “More analysis and research are deemed necessary to assess future adjustments,” according to FHA.
National Association of REALTORS® officials estimate that, without the cut, about 750,000 to 850,000 home buyers will face higher costs, and 30,000 to 40,000 new home buyers will be left on the sidelines in 2017. It was estimated that FHA borrowers would save an average of $500 per year with the reductions in place.
“We're disappointed in the decision but will continue to make the case to reinstate the cut in the months ahead,” NAR President William E. Brown said.
Sources: NAR, “Trump Already Suspends Obama-Era FHA Mortgage Insurance Cuts,” MarketWatch (Jan. 21, 2017) and “FHA Suspends Planned Mortgage Insurance Cut,” Scotsman Guide (Jan. 20, 2017)
Good on paper, bad in practice: from fart offsets to eco-beer, blocking the sun to Green Burning Man, here are 20 of the craziest innovations, inventions, and ideas to save the planet – most of which have fallen miserably short of the mark. In the modern green movement rush to solve our numerous environmental crises, scientists have been scrambling to develop innovative technologies and creative solutions. Some of these developments – from small-scale interventions like cargo container homes to citywide green urban re-designs – have been lauded for their ingenuity and potential. But other concepts, while initially offering promise, have turned out to be impossible, dangerous, or just…ridiculous.
Global warming. Food shortages and water scarcity. Fossil fuel depletion. Deforestation and extinction. Freakish weather. Methane pollution and acid rain. Dwindling resources. It's an understatement to say we're facing major environmental issues as the first decade of the 21st century draws to a close. No wonder scientists are trying anything and everything. Even things that don't work. At all.
Artificial Islands and Floating Cities
(Images via wikipedia and Reuters)
Land reclamation project turned private playground for the rich and famous, artificial island projects such as Dubai's The World have come under criticism for harming the environment and disturbing delicate ecosystems as developers claim the projects actually benefit the planet like natural islands. Despite the fact that self-professed environmentalists Brad and Angelina have snapped up their own faux islet, The World is an environmental embarrassment compared to contemporary architectural trends toward prefabrication, portability and the recycling of old structures into new houses.
Other artificial islands claiming to preserve the environment are credible, such as (where else?) the Bay Area's Treasure Island project, China's Dongtan, and the high-tech Lilypad – the amphibious answer to a future of rising tides. These artificial cities are carbon neutral, self-sufficient and 100% sustainable. However, a lack of scalability and prohibitive cost for at-risk regions makes projects like Lilypad a novelty, not a global solution. A more likely (and practical) solution will be to retrofit existing cities and suburbs…although the Superstar is cool, but the nuts and bolts like bedrooms, bathrooms & storage spaces have yet to be worked out.
Human-Powered Floating Gyms
(Image via Inhabitat)
Human-powered floating gyms – a great way to transport yourself downriver as long as you don't mind working out in an encased shell with a dozen other sweaty bodies. Could this be New York's answer to the problem of traffic congestion? While scientists have been working to find a way to harness wasted energy expelled by people at gyms, the practicality of floating gyms is debatable. Would people want to work out on their way to meetings and appointments? Would the resources used to build the gyms make the energy savings even worth it? Isn't walking or biking on existing roadways a more feasible (and inexpensive) method of transport?
The 15-Year Light Bulb
(Images via Ecoble and Fort Photo)
Everyone would love love a light bulb that lasts 1.5 decades. Think of all the energy humans would collectively save. Unfortunately, though many were excited by the, um, glow of this idea, the radioactivity of the bulb means we still need a nontoxic answer to the problem of wasted electricity when it comes to lamps and lighting.
Failed Hybrids
(Images via PureGreenCars, Motortrend and tuvie)
Hybrid concepts are hot, but not all futuristic vehicle concepts are realistic. Like the extreme gravity car. Or even Hybrid SUVs that get worse gas mileage than most sedans and require tremendous virgin resources to produce. But then there is Ford's failed hybrid revolution and the plight of the electric car. Though there are plenty of great hybrids on the market these days, as well as some great upcoming models and concepts, many have been dismal failures. The air car is a kick-ass concept, but time will tell if it can significant mileage with the media or consumers. And of course, there is the infamous water-powered car.
You may want to hold out hope for the 330 mpg Aptera.
Road Cells
(Image via Nicolas T)
The friction and heat generated by cars on the road adds up to a lot of wasted energy. Scientists have toyed with the idea of special absorbent cells that could harness all that alternative energy for reuse. The only problem is a lack of feasibility: retrofitting roads with special cells is unlikely when our crumbling infrastructure is already in such a state of disrepair. And the wear-and-tear dilemma has yet to be resolved.
Biofuels
They were the next great answer to the unquenchable thirst for fuel. And then people saw the rapidly burgeoning rates of deforestation and created a global food crisis the world is still dealing with. Biofuels seemed like the magic ticket, but the number is up. Though biofuel production is still growing and politicians are still hopeful that these agricultural sources of energy can get us off fossil fuels, the management and production thus far has been a free-for-all with unintended consequences and tragic collateral damage. Biofuels may even create more carbon emissions. And as if this weren't bad enough, biofuels apparently marginalize women.
Cow Fart Offsets
(Image via hans s)
Cows produce a lot of methane when they emit. Methane is 23 times worse than carbon dioxide. Researchers recently discovered that kangaroo flatulence is methane-free thanks to a certain unidentified bacterium. They have said that if people can infect livestock such as cows with the bacteria, humans can possibly prevent this widespread methane pollution. But it will take at least three years to isolate the bacteria, and scientists have no idea what impact the germ would have upon the health of cows. While cows do produce tremendous amounts of methane (14% of greenhouse gases total), bypassing cattle farts would do nothing to put a dent in the tremendous resources they use: water, feed, and space. Beef is one hell of an inefficient dinner. Besides, cows also produce ammonia.
Burning Man Goes Green
The glorious dome became Earthdome and Burning Man went green. And around the world…crickets were heard. Bay Area Prada-wearing hippies and artsy types from all corners were bummed, but unfortunately, the great green statement of last year's Burning Man went up in smoke.
Burying Pollution in the Ocean in Really Big Bags
(Image via Popular Science)
There are numerous ideas to deal with carbon dioxide that involve the ocean: planting lime, seeding iron, and least plausibly, dunking carbon-filled sacks. Some ideas may indeed be viable, but specialized sacks don't look to be. The appeal? These large, sausage-shaped skins could be easily transported (the resources and transport required for carbon tanks has rendered that scheme a lost cause for now). But they could also be easily snagged and torn, and scientists won't have them ready until 2020. And since humans produce 800 tons of carbon every second, people would use a bag every 11 days at the current rate. If oceans are forced to absorb carbon dioxide, though, the acidity will increase, which translates to danger for marine life. The inherent dilemma remains: people simply need to create less mess.
Block the Sun, Blow Up Volcanoes, and Other Manly Stuff
(Image source unknown)
Geo-engineering was once consider loony bin science. No more. Of particular interests to scientists right now is the potential cooling that could result if they engineered a massive volcanic explosion. When Mt. Pinatubo exploded in 1991, millions of tons of sulfur dioxide helped create a cooling effect. Unfortunately, scientists still know too little about the exact mechanisms of global warming, and intentionally creating massive weather systems or environmental catastrophes could cause more harm than good. This is talking about tinkering with a watch when people don't know the time. It's not off the table, but geo-engineering has a long way to go before being viable.
Eureka! Don't Have Babies
Humans tend to look to technological innovation in hopes of saving the planet, but the simple truth is that consuming fewer resources is (or was) the best hope. And that means no more babies. Especially for Americans – they are living as if there are 5 earths instead of 1. Unlikely, however, until humans no longer feel compelled to continue the species and the Pope no longer feels compelled to keep millions in the Middle Ages with their rants against birth control. The urge to procreate and religion: good luck taking these on, environmentalists.
Really Dumb “Green” Gadgets
(Images via respective manufacturers)
From the Asus bamboo paneled laptop to the flower you can grow in a plastic case hooked up to your computer, many “green” home gadget inventions are not only silly but require the use of virgin resources to produce. Other dumb inventions to “help” the environment include the Petapotty (an indoor platform on which your dog can dump – to prevent harm to lawns because you forgot your baggy), the Go Green paper shredder (it shreds your paper into squares, because you don't own scissors), the so-called Eco Kettle (Barbie says: measuring is hard!), the solar-powered fan hat (don't ask), the nano-silver washing machine that eliminates the need for detergent (because silver strip mining is eco?), and many more. There's nothing like a good coat of greenwash to remind everyone that silly gadgets are not going to save the planet.
Sonic Curtains
(Images via moriza and gmonster25)
Biophony is an important element of environmental stability, and with the widespread problem of noise pollution harming animals and stressing humans, scientists are looking for answers. The Polytechnic University of Valencia, Spain is convinced that sonic cloaks are the remedy to camouflage too much noise. Ostensibly, this will encourage people to repopulate cities, reducing suburban sprawl, but what happens if your neighbor's apartment is on fire and you're blissfully sleeping through the screams?
Rich people
(Images via Earthfirst and Xurbie)
Oh, rich people. They're so cute! From pristine environmental enclaves for the superrich that turn out to be harmful to Kevin Costner wasting $40 million on useless green initiatives, to Madonna plastered on a green Vanity Faire as they spend $120 grand a year on plastic bottled water, to celebs claiming to be green while their lifestyles are anything but, rich people and green = FAIL.
Hairy Plants
(Image via Popular Science)
A researcher named Christopher Doughty of the University of California at Irvine noticed that plants in hot, arid regions are hairy – and this unique characteristic enables the plants to reflect harmful near-infrared light and drive more efficient photosynthesis. The proposed solution: a hairier, furrier landscape, coming to a backyard near you. Unfortunately, disturbing natural ecosystems by introducing alien plant species is a poor idea. And while plants could be genetically engineered to be as furry as their desert counterparts, the practicality of this green solution is questionable at best. Extra reflection could mean less water evaporation, which would actually heat the planet further.
Beaming Electricity from Space
(Image via Popular Science)
Send satellites into space, where they unfurl 1.5 mile-long solar arrays and send limitless clean energy to earth. Japan is already investing heavily in this technology. One problem: the beam could theoretically miss the receiver and fry, say, a neighborhood. Researchers are working on a solution to this potential disaster, but so far no luck.
Giant Fake Trees
(Image via Mash Down Babylon)
One passionate, if nutty, scientist named Wallace Broecker has a desperate plan to save the planet: “plant” millions of massive trees all over the globe at a cost of $600 billion a year. Fake trees, at that. The trees will be capable of sucking up carbon dioxide, thereby theoretically containing the climate change threat. Broecker is the scientist who originally coined the term “global warming”, but their scrubber tree scheme isn't sticking.
Harnessing Tornadoes
(Images via Popular Science and tlindenbaum)
Since tornados frequently exceed 100 mph, generating 10 mega-watt hours of power, scientists are hard at work developing machines that could somehow intake and harness this power. One scientist says they know how to trap a tornado and keep the twister going indefinitely, generating all the power we need. The commercial machine is slated for debut in about 5 years, but the dangers of such a device are serious. A tornado might grow out of control, destroying the machine and creating widespread devastation. The scientist working on the machine says such concerns are ridiculous, because all they have to due is flip a switch to slap that silly little tornado back into its place. Why, a tornado spinning out of control would be inconceivable!
Pig Pee Plates
(Images via madnzany and eco-modernist)
1 billion pigs, 90,000 tons of urine daily. With all the bacon and pork chops Americans eat, there's a lot of porcine pee to divert. Pig urine contains urea, which is already in use in many products (it is used in de-icing formulas, among many applications). Researchers have created a bioplastic from the urine, but it is not as great as one might think. For starters, when the bioplastic breaks down in landfills, it releases methane. The inherent problems associated with meat production are not alleviated, either. What's more, bioplastic still requires the use of some petroleum-based plastic, meaning recycling facilities are going to have a hard time getting equipped for this new hybrid of plastic. The Danish scientists are undeterred, however, envisioning pig skyscraper cities where all waste is harnessed for reuse. Production on plates begins soon.
Eco Beer
Something involving wort and steam cannot be worth toasting – or can it? Engineers think that using steam to brew the wort (the mixture of starch – like barley – and water) can reduce brewing time by half while using half the energy. And this is a solution to our environmental woes? It's like that scene in South Park when the gnomes are stealing underpants. Steal the underpants, do other stuff, profit!
Great green innovations don't always pan out. And sometimes ideas that read like a wacky sci-fi novel turn out to be brilliant. Look for updates in future posts.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 17, 2015, 7:17 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 17, 2015, 11:56 PM GMT By Elisha Fieldstadt
A blaze at a St. Louis church early Saturday morning was the fifth church fire that the St. Louis Fire Department has responded to in the past 10 days, officials said.
Saturday's fire scorched the front doors of New Life Missionary Baptist Church, said St. Louis Fire Department spokesperson Garon Mosby. The church is in the Walnut Park East neighborhood in the city's northwest.
All five church fires have been set by the front doors of the places of worship, said St. Louis Fire Chief Dennis Jenkerson. The fires have led to minimal damage inside of the buildings, and no one has been harmed, Jenkerson told NBC News.
Investigators from the St. Louis Regional Bomb and Arson Unit and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are assisting the St. Louis Fire Department and local police departments in an effort determine if all five fires are related, Jenkerson said. The five churches that have been set ablaze are within about three miles of one another, they said.
“We've got similarities in how the fires are set, which is what we're looking at,” Jenkins said. But the fires haven't all been set at the same time of day, and don't seem to target specific types of churches. Jenkins said the churches that have been set on fire are of varying denominations and sizes.
The first fire was set at Bethel Non-Denominational Church on Lillian Avenue on Oct. 8, said Brian Schellman, with the St. Louis County Police Department. “The fire damage was minimal and confined to the exterior and underside of the door,” Schellman told NBC News.
The subsequent three fires were set between Oct. 10 and Oct. 14 at New Northside Missionary Baptist Church, St. Augustine Catholic Church and the New Testament Church of Christ, according to The Associated Press.
A picture posted on the Facebook page of New Northside Missionary Baptist Church showed the damage done to their front door. “Someone tried to set our church on fire, but the ONLY fire that's burning is the fire we're having on the inside,” the post said.
O'Malley: America's Economy Needs 'Sensible Rebalancing,' Not 'Pitchforks'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ariel Zambelich/NPR Ariel Zambelich/NPR
Part 2 Of The Martin O'Malley Interview Listen · 5:59 5:59
Martin O'Malley, former governor of Maryland, says he'll decide by late May whether he's running for president. Running would put them — even they seem to acknowledge — in an uphill battle against Hillary Clinton, currently the only Democrat who has declared.
O'Malley is positioning themselves to Clinton's left, and even President Obama's left.
He's for a much higher minimum wage, and against a major trade deal — the Trans-Pacific Partnership. In an interview with NPR's Steve Inskeep, O'Malley also said they want to increase Social Security benefits, even though some people would pay more taxes.
Surveys put O'Malley far behind Clinton. But, he's hoping their travels across the country can change that. Last month, they addressed a crowd in Iowa while standing on a chair. Last week, they gave a speech at Harvard. And this week, he's in the early primary state of South Carolina.
"I've been an executive and a progressive executive with a record of accomplishments," the former Baltimore mayor said of the difference between them and Clinton. "I think contrasts will become apparent."
(A full transcript of the discussion is available here.)
Interview Highlights
On Republicans' and Democrats' competing economic theories
I think what's going on right now, Steve, is you have a competition between two theories of how our economy actually works and how we generate economic growth that lifts us all. The Republican Party is doubling down on this trickle-down theory that says thou shalt concentrate wealth at the very top of our society. Thou shalt remove regulation from wherever you find it, even on Wall Street. And thou shalt keep wages low for American workers so that we can be more competitive. We have a different theory. Our theory as Democrats and as the longer arc of our story as Americans is that we believe that a stronger middle class is actually the cause of economic growth. What ails our economy right now is 12 years of stagnant or declining wages, and we need to fix this.
On Republican candidates' focus on economic opportunity
I mean, look, talk is cheap. And so there are two ways to go forward from here, and history shows this. One path is a sensible rebalancing that calls us back to our tried and true success story as the land of opportunity. The other is pitchforks.
There's, history affords no other paths. We're either going to sensibly rebalance and do the things that allow our middle class to grow, that expands opportunities and allows workers to earn more when they're working harder. Or, we're going to go down a very, very bad path.
On whether large corporations are able to deal with regulation better than small businesses
Oh, certainly. I mean, our tax code's been turned into Swiss cheese. And certainly the concentrated wealth and accumulated power and the systematic deregulation of Wall Street has led to this situation where the economy isn't working for most of us. All of that is true. But it is not true that regulation holds poor people down or regulation keeps middle class from advancing. That's kind of patently bulls- - -.
On the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal
Yeah, I do oppose it. What's wrong with it is first and foremost that we're not allowed to read it before our representatives vote on it. What's wrong with it is that right now what we should be doing are things that make our economy stronger here at home. And it's my concern that the Trans-Pacific Partnership, this deal is a race to the bottom, a chasing of lower wages abroad, and I believe that that does nothing to help us build a stronger economy here at home.
For LuLaRoe founder DeAnne Stidham, business is very much a family affair. After all, three companies founded by their relatives compete against Stidham's LuLaRoe, a multilevel marketer (MLM) best known for its line of colorful leggings.
In the months after LuLaRoe was incorporated in January 2013, Dot Dot Smile was founded by Stidham's daughter Nicole Thompson; Stidham's twin sister Dianne Ingram launched Honey & Lace; and their niece Buffy Bandley started Agnes & Dora. Dot Dot Smile specializes in children's clothes, while Honey & Lace and Agnes & Dora both offer leggings and other fashions for women.
Stidham started LuLaRoe, which now reportedly has more than $1 billion in sales, at their kitchen table a year before it was originally incorporated. Some of their relatives also didn't need to travel far to get launched. Thompson started Dot Dot Smile in their family room, while Bandley founded Agnes & Dora in their garage. All the MLMs say they were surprised by the overwhelming demand for their products.
MLM participants can earn money by both selling products and by attracting new members to join their sales teams. It's a business model that has been around for decades and includes multibillion-dollar firms such as Amway, Herbalife (HLF) and Avon (AVP). LuLaRoe isn't included in Direct Selling News' Global 100 ratings of the top MLM companies, which requires outside verification of their sales data. Companies not on the list either declined to cooperate with the trade publication or failed to respond to requests to do so.
U.S. may expand airline electronics ban, and other MoneyWatch headlines
"Like many industries, the MLM industry is fairly incestual," said William Keep, dean of the College of New Jersey's School of Business who tracks the industry. "Family members often get involved in the same MLM, and there are numerous examples of founders or high-level distributors in one MLM going on to create another. That family members would own multiple MLMs is not surprising at all."
LuLaRoe sales representatives, who aren't employees, had sold a line of children's clothing under the brand name Dot Dot Smile until last summer. Dot Dot Smile, which like LuLaRoe is based in Corona, California, officially registered as a limited liability company in May 2016. LuLaRoe now sells children's clothing under its own name.
"Ultimately, the decision was made that our business was best served by Independent Fashion Retailers selling LuLaRoe products exclusively," according to LuLaRoe.
Dot Dot Smile has listed its entire catalog as "sold out" for at least the past several weeks. The company, though, is operational and even is advertising for workers at its warehouse. According to several videos posted on YouTube by Dot Dot Smile consultants in the past two months, Dot Dot Smile is actively looking for more consultants and currently claims to have a waiting list for people to join because demand for its fashions far exceeded its supplies.
"The big thing we are waiting for is inventory," said YouTube poster Chelsey Bennett. "They were expecting inventory for maybe 150 merchandisers, not thousands. We are in the thousands now. They were not prepared"
Poster Michelle Schaeffer assured their listeners that the initial investment in Dot Dot Smile was about $800, "definitely a lot more doable" than LuLaRoe, which requires new representatives to spend at least $5,000 in their initial order. That figure is considered high for the MLM industry.
Neither Bennett nor Schaeffer responded to emails seeking comment for this story.
Some former LuLaRoe consultants are now selling Dot Dot Smile's, Honey & Lace's and Agnes & Dora's lines, saying they're being treated better by the companies. Experts, though, have long argued that the vast majority of distributors in MLMs lose money.
"They feel they're 'different' -- and I guess that remains to be seen," said Christina Hinks, a former LuLaRoe consultant and a blogger who's often critical of the company. "They're all so new and launched within months of each other, which I find to be suspect."
Agnes & Dora got its name from a book Bandley's late grandmother Maurine Startup wrote in the 1960s called "The Secret Power of Femininity," which argues that women have two sides to their personality: the confident "Agnes" and the playful fun-loving "Dora." Startup was also the mother of DeAnnne Stidham and Dianne Ingram. Bandley's mother is Stidham's and Ingram's sister Cheryl Worsley, according to genealogy records.
LuLaRoe has no relationship with any other apparel companies, and it declined to comment on whether it considers the other MLMs to be competitors. Dot Dot Smile, Honey & Lace and Agnes & Dora didn't return calls seeking comment.
As for relations with the other MLMs, LuLaRoe in a statement said, "DeAnne and their husband, Mark Stidham (LuLaRoe's CEO), are part of an extended family with a long tradition of entrepreneurship."
Current and former LuLaRoe sales representatives have accused the company of overstating the potential rewards and understating the costs of selling its line. Two lawsuits have been filed accusing LuLaRoe of knowingly selling defective merchandise, while another legal challenge accuses the multilevel marketer of charging sales tax in states that don't collect it on clothing sales.
LuLaRoe also is accused of stealing a lion design from a Hungarian artist. It has denied wrongdoing in all the legal cases.
LuLaRoe has been trying to burnish its public image in recent weeks. Last month, it announced it would make it easier for customers to get refunds for defective merchandise. The company also began addressing the backlog of complaints lodged with the Better Business Bureau that the company had ignored for months. BBB, however, continues to give LuLaRoe a failing grade of "F" because it hasn't responded to all the issues.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A designer planning to fashion pieces of clothing from the skin of the late fashion icon Alexander McQueen says that 'human leather' could be a new, ethical source of material.
Tina Gorjanc was able to extract McQueen's DNA from one of their hairs which the former Central Saint Martins-educated designer used in the labels of their own first collection.
But they deny that there's anything creepy about the process.
When the Slovenian student lodged their own final project last month, they used pig skin to create backpacks and jackets, but since then they have been working on the science of using human skin.
Working in the lab, they have made test samples of 'leather' from McQueen's DNA.
"You use a process which is called de-extinction, in which a biological agent is applied to the hair in the form of liquid and you extract certain genetic information from it," Gorjanc explains to The Telegraph.
" Then you use that information to reprogram already existing skin so it is the exact texture and colour and everything of the original source, so in this case McQueen's skin.
"It also depends on how much the hair sample is preserved as to how much information you can extract - fortunately McQueen's hair was preserved in a good state."
Gorjanc describes the leather making process - from growing the cells in a Petri dish in the laboratory, treating it with nutrients before killing the first layer and applying a preserving heat.
But they are keen to debunk any notion that the 'Pure Human' project is weird, saying she's no "creepy mad genius'.
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
"I think it is fair for me to make sure the project receives the attention for the right reasons and not be diminished to just a 'creepy fashion collection made of human skin from a known personality'," they wrote on their Facebook page.
They explain: "All the initial samples that were made in the lab are tests to insure that the technology is even possible.
"However, this kind of procedures are still much undiscovered and big bio-engineering organisations with bigger budgets have better possibilities of developing it further."
(Image: Instagram/Tina Gorjanc)
They also say that it's about more than McQueen - it's actually "speculating how big corporations can exploit genetic information as a new source of luxury.
"It also addresses the problematic when it comes to defining the ownership of the information and its inheritance."
"Because of the lack of legislation surrounding the protection of genetic materials I wanted to showcase how someone can gain hold of biological material from sources you would usually think extremely protected.
"McQueen's genetic information was interesting from the perspective that they are dead, has an enormous brand empire that is protected with numerous copyrights and still has relatives that have inherited their possessions – however their genetic info are still not well protected," they reveal.
They insist that the project comes from a speculative perspective, and "its end goal was never and is not to make a collection from the de-extinct skin of the dead designer."
(Image: Instagram/Tina Gorjanc)
They go on: "The mock-up products that were made during the project aim to showcase one of the possible applications that this technology can have in the future, when biological materials are regarded as a source of luxury."
A representative from Alexander McQueen said: “Contrary to some press reports the company was not approached about this project nor have we ever endorsed it."
President Obama issued a stark warning over the weekend about the world's future if global warming continues.
But their alarmism glosses over an inconvenient truth: storms and wildfires aren't getting worse due to global warming.
“Stronger storms. Deeper droughts. Longer wildfire seasons,” Obama said in a video address ahead of Earth Day. “The world's top climate scientists are warning us that a changing climate already affects the air our kids breathe.”
Obama's comments, however, come on reports that the number of tropical cyclones is at a 45-year low, the U.S. hasn't had a major hurricane make landfall in the last decade and the number of reported wildfires are well below the 10-year average.
Cyclones Not Living Up To The Hype
Hurricane expert Dr. Ryan Maue reported last week that the 5-year running sum for tropical cyclones globally hit a 45-year low. Maue wrote that in “the pentad since 2006, Northern Hemisphere and global tropical cyclone ACE has decreased dramatically to the lowest levels since the late 1970s” and “the frequency of tropical cyclones has reached a historical low.”
5-year running sum of number of global tropical cyclones (1970-2015) Stuck at 400 — lowest in this 45-year record. pic.twitter.com/V7CGhKk2nL — Ryan Maue (@RyanMaue) April 15, 2015
Maue's observations have been backed by research by University of Colorado climate scientist Dr. Roger Pielke Jr., who wrote in their blog that cyclones in “2014 had 10 total landfalls” the “second lowest (tied with 4 other years) since 1970.” Pielke added that the “past four years have seen 50 total landfalls, the lowest four-year total since 1982.”
For years, environmentalists and Democrats have argued global warming will make tropical cyclones more intense and frequent. Al Gore famously said in 2014 that “extreme weather events related to climate that are now 100 times more common than they were just 30 years ago.” Gore made their comments about a year after typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines and displaced thousands of people.
But Gore must not have been reading the actual science on global warming's link to extreme weather. Aside from research by Maue and Pielke, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says there's “no significant observed trends in global tropical cyclone frequency over the past century… No robust trends in annual numbers of tropical storms, hurricanes and major hurricanes counts have been identified over the past 100 years in the North Atlantic basin.”
The Hurricane Drought Continues
While cyclones hit 45-year lows, the U.S. has not seen a category 3 or greater hurricane make landfall in nearly a decade. The last major hurricane to hit the U.S. was Hurricane Wilma in Oct. 2005.
“That puts us at 3460 days as of today, and when hurricane season starts June 1st… it will be 3507 days, or 9 years, 7 months, 8 days” since a major hurricane hit the U.S., writes meteorologist and noted science blogger Anthony Watts.
In places like Florida, the time between intense hurricanes making landfall has doubled from three to six years, according to Pielke's research. This is despite rising atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide emissions, which climate scientists say are behind global warming in recent decades and causing weather to become more extreme.
The National Interagency Coordination Center recently reported that the “2014 Atlantic Hurricane season was the least active in twenty years with only eight named storms in the Atlantic basin.” The agency noted that no named storms made landfall in the U.S., but one tropical storm did hit Hawaii in August 2014.
“By the end of hurricane season no Type 1 or Type 2 incident management teams had been assigned to hurricane incidents,” NICC reported.
Wildfires Fail To Ignite Controversy
Another claim made by environmentalists, politicians and some scientists, is that global warming will make wildfires a lot worse. Indeed, 2014 did see wildfires burn more acres than normal in northern California and the Pacific Northwest. NICC notes in its annual report that “Northern California (152 percent) and Northwest (214 percent) were the only Geographic Areas to experience above average acres burned.”
But NICC also reported that nationally, “the 2014 fire season was below normal for number of reported wildfires” and the “number of acres burned in 2014 was 3,595,613 or 53 percent of the national 10-year average.”
Northern California and the Northwest aside, NICC reports that “[a]ll other Geographic Areas were below their annual average acres. Nine fires exceeded 40,000 acres in 2014; eleven fewer than in 2013.”
Okay, 2014 is only one year, but looking at the data the number of acres burned by wildfires have fallen dramatically since 2006 when 30,415 fires burned more than 2.2 million acres of land.
Despite claims that wildfires could become a bigger problem from global warming, forestry experts have pointed out that flight attendantship has a bigger impact on forest and wildfires than the climate does.
“policymakers who halt active forest management and kill ‘green' harvesting jobs in favor of a ‘hands-off' approach contribute to the buildup of fuels in the forest,” Professor David B. South of Auburn University told Congress last year.
“This eventually increases the risk of catastrophic wildfires,” South said. “To attribute this human-caused increase in fire risk to carbon dioxide emissions is simply unscientific.”
In 1930, wildfires consumed more than 50 million acres of land, but in 2012 wildfires only burnt up 9.2 million acres. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said carbon dioxide concentrations were much lower in the 1940s (only 310 parts per million by volume), meaning global temperatures were cooler while wildfires were much more prevalent than today.
“These data suggest that extremely large megafires were 4-times more common before 1940,” South said, adding that “we cannot reasonably say that anthropogenic global warming causes extremely large wildfires.”
Follow Michael on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
While Hearthstone can be a lot of fun, it's no secret it can also be eye-wateringly frustrating, as anyone who's faced down a turn one Vicious Fledgling knows. But step back for a moment and consider the fact that it isn't the game itself that's inherently fun or frustrating, it's our minds which take what happens in-game and transforms it into those feelings. If you can accept that idea, then it should become possible to change the experiences you have while playing (at least to some degree). Now I'm not going to pretend I can make a six-game losing streak feel like a relaxing bubble bath, but there are ways to get less upset when things aren't rolling your way, and play better as a result.
Let's begin with a basic question: why do we play in the first place?
The easy answer is because Hearthstone is fun and we want to win. Part of what makes a game fun is what playing it signals about ourselves. In terms of Hearthstone, the signals we mostly want to send are intelligence-based (jokes aside). Being able to win with relative consistency requires the ability to know what goes into a good deck, understand the fundamental rules of the game, and have some sort of strategy when it comes to maximising the value of your cards. You also need to be able to anticipate potential outcomes, remember what cards you have available, what your opponent might be holding, and calculate probabilities. That's quite a bit of thinking for the proverbial ‘children's card game'.
If you beat other players more often than they beat you, that can serve as a signal of your superiority in some or all of those areas. The flipside is that losing has the opposite effect. This helps us understand why winning feels so good and losing sucks: Both are a reflection on you that extends beyond the game. It also helps us understand why some wins don't feel as good, and some losses don't sting as hard, and how we can begin to change our outlook.
Let's talk specifically about some of the issues in Hearthstone that trigger the most salt, and see if we can reframe what they signal, the aim being to reduce our frustration as a result.
Problem #1: “Everyone netdecks, there's no creativity”
Many players go online, see what decks are performing well, and then build copies for themselves. Other players lose sleep over this rampant plagiarism. Their aggravation appears to focus on what the origins of a deck signals about the player piloting it: if someone has built their own list, this tells you about their creativity, aesthetic preferences, and insights into the game. Someone who copies a deck built and refined by others no longer signals those traits And then they beat you with it. The nerve!
Reframe it...
It's important to understand that, as humans much of our lives involves learning from others. That's why we watch streams and talk (sometimes in CAPS) about the game online. If the game is presenting puzzles which you can't effectively solve on your own—like what strategies are strong against the field—then looking to learn from others can signal that you understand your limitations, or that your main interest is in improving and figuring out the best way to accomplish a task. In this light, refusing help from other players signals stubbornness and may result in the failure to solve key problems.
Just because you accept some guidance on a matter doesn't mean you need to let other people tell you how to build or play your deck entirely. Taking established decks or ideas from expert players and then putting your own spin on the list can make them feel like your own, and lead to a satisfying experience. Don't think of it as plagiarizing, think of it as taking inspiration.
Problem #2: “Braindead aggro players are ruining the game”
Of all the frustrations I've read about Hearthstone, this one has to be top. There is a very real animosity shared by many players against aggressive decks because of this idea that they require little to no skill : you just play as many minions as you can and then go face until your opponent explodes or you run out of damage. Rephrased in terms of signaling, the aggressive strategy does not signal any kind of gaming knowledge because it is too easy to execute. In fact, the aggressive deck might even kill you before you have a chance to make any kind of meaningful choices yourself, which doesn't feel fun.
Reframe it…
When an aggressive deck runs you over before you make decisions, you should realize there are decisions you made before the game began that contributed to that outcome. Is the deck you're playing able to do anything about early pressure reliably? If not, your deck has a weakness that other strategies can exploit.
If other decks have a weakness you can exploit, realizing this and reacting accordingly can send a signal about your ability to understand the meta.
Conversely, being able to play an aggressive strategy is another tool for you. If other decks have a weakness you can exploit, realizing this and reacting accordingly can send a signal about your ability to understand the meta (and deck building. And the game). Refusing to use the full range of tools at your disposal is a bit like being a carpenter who can't deal with screws because they only wants to use a hammer, so they complain that screws shouldn't be useful and are for idiots. If you don't want to play aggressive decks, that's fine, but bear in mind that you have a self-imposed handicap.
Finally, aggressive decks have historically been some of the cheapest to craft for new players. Because of this, lower-skill players often play them because it's the only good deck they can make. This has lead to associating lower-skilled players with aggressive decks, but that relationship isn't caused by the decks being low skill. Avoiding an entire archetype because you're trying to avoid an association with new players means missing out on a huge portion of the game, since fast decks come in many flavors.
Problem #3: “You can't be competitive because of RNG”
Here's another chart-topping frustration. The reason randomness is disliked is easy to appreciate: random outcomes can prevent you from signaling anything related to skill. RNG can give your opponent options they shouldn't have access to or something brutally overpowered because they rolled ‘high'. This frustration isn't restricted to cards with random effects, either: the randomness of how you draw from your deck determines many games. Surely, we can all agree randomness is bad for the game, right?
Reframe it…
This is one of the trickiest aspects of Hearthstone to reframe because randomness is inherently disruptive to any demonstration of skill. Still, you should first avoid focusing on the random events that happened in a game because it risks losing sight of the elements that were under your control. Perhaps you got blown out by a high-rolled Lightning Storm, but maybe you could have committed fewer minions to the board to mitigate that outcome. When a key pull from a Babbling Book wins a game, ask yourself whether a different line of play could have sealed a win before that point for you.
Not having RGN would dramatically increase the predictability of the game.
Random effects stand out in the memory, but that's also kind of their point. RNG has the potential to generate exciting stories (and there are several YouTube channels devoted to those moments to prove it). Imagine if Hearthstone had no cards with random effects, and no random draws. This would certainly help reward better players, but it would also dramatically increase the predictability of the game. If you tire of playing against the same decks all the time, then you can appreciate how much worse that problem would get if those decks always did the same thing every single game. Many people don't want to play a slot machine, but they also don't want to play Synchronized Swimming: The Card Game.
Problem #4: “Hearthstone makes you feel helpless”
If I understand the desires of the community, the ideal deck would be one with no random elements. It should also reward high skill, punish bad plays, and be cheap to build. This deck already existed: it was called Patron Warrior. It was also subsequently nerfed by the change to Warsong Commander. This change was made, in part, because people felt unhappy about losing to minions with Charge. They felt helpless against the deck when it went off. More recently, we've seen many complaints about a similar (but much weaker) deck: Quest Rogue . People feel bad when they cannot interact with (ie disrupt) an opponent's game plan effectively, because it doesn't allow them to signal their skills.
Reframe it…
What fewer players recognize is the inherent tension between rewarding high-skill players with wins and giving their opponents any chance. As a quick example, by removing the Charge ability from the Patron deck, the deck became more vulnerable to board clears. The result was that all the skill the Patron players put into resource management could be undone by a low-skill counter such as playing Hellfire. By demanding increased interactivity to counteract the sense of helplessness, players also demanded—albeit implicitly—that high-skill play be rewarded less.
The greater that skill differential, the greater degree of helplessness one can expect to experience.
Rewarding high-skill players with wins means punishing low-skill players with losses. In other words, low-skill players will feel helpless against the higher-skill ones. The greater that skill differential, the greater degree of helplessness one can expect to experience.
Importantly, this feeling of helplessness should exist regardless of how that win is achieved: whether your opponent is killing you with Charge damage or slowly grinding you out with infinite value, what you should feel helpless against is the higher-skill player, not their win condition. By giving the worse player a chance to win by increasing their ability to disrupt their opponent's strategy (ie meaningfully interact) you can reduce the sense of helplessness, but at the cost of also rewarding better players less.
That said, sometimes you will feel helpless because your opponent just drew the nuts and you did not, or because you queued into a bad matchup. If that is what is bothering you, see the earlier sections concerning meta-reading and randomness.
Problem #5: “It's not my fault”
You know you're a good player. Certainly better than average. You have your own ideas about what cards and decks are interesting. You're an innovative thinker. You could easily hit legend if had the time to grind. Because of all these things, it is naturally frustrating to you that you just can't seem to win as often as you expect. As you find you're less able to signal your greatness, you naturally assume there is something wrong with the game: there's too much RNG, certain cards or decks are too strong, or all those powerful strategies are brainless. If only the game was designed better, you'd surely be doing better.
Reframe it…
This might be the hardest point for many players to hear and appreciate, but you need to have the traits you are trying to signal before in order for the game to be able to help show them off. More brutally: are you sure you got good? Accurately figuring out how good you are is a hard task, especially as it may mean admitting that you initially overestimated yourself. Being able to say, “I lost because I made bad choices,” is one of the most important skills to have if you want to win more Hearthstone games in the future.
If you approach the game thinking you already have the traits and skills you are trying to signal, the result will likely be that you explain your losses (and difficulty in reaching rank 5) by referencing some problem with the game. This mindset of justifying your losses, bad ideas, and frustrations may prevent you from developing the learning mindset needed to cultivate the very traits you hope to demonstrate. It's the difference between claiming a loss was unfair and wondering what you might do differently in the future. Only the latter approach will help you improve, both in terms of winning and enjoying the game.
Final thoughts
While there are other reasons people take pleasure from Hearthstone, a key point to realize is that we are all trying to show off facets of our personalities. It can be frustrating when other players have different goals, because it makes your opponent seem like they're playing according to a different set of unspoken rules.
While that might be frustrating, it's important to realize that there is no right answer to the question of what you should be trying to signal. Just as you don't want to be forced to to play the game in a certain way, remember that others feel the same way. While other people's preferred deck or play style might frustrate you, yours probably annoys the hell out of them too. You hate Aggro? They hate 20-minute control matches. You hate netdecks? They like winning.
Updated tragic list of welfare-related deaths of UK's sick and/or disabled people. This is the tip on the iceberg:
They shall be remembered forevermore.
Avenge the dead. Resuscitate the living. We must fight on for freedom from Westminster's murderous policies and support the struggle of all Britain's sick and/or disabled people simultaneously. Saor Alba.
Terry McGarvey, 48. Dangerously ill from polycytheamia, Terry asked for an ambulance to be called during their Work Capability Assessment. They knew that they aren't well enough to attend their WCA but feared that their benefits would be stopped if they did not. They died the following day.
Elaine Lowe, 53. Suffering from COPD and fearful of losing their benefits. In desperation, Elaine chose to commit suicide.
Mark Wood, 44. Found fit for work by Atos, against their Doctors advice and assertions that they had complex mental health problems. Starved to death after benefits stopped, weighing only 5st 8lb when they died.
Paul Reekie, 48, the Leith based Poet and Author. Suffered from severe depression. Committed suicide after DWP stopped their benefits due to an Atos ‘fit for work' decision.
Leanne Chambers, 30. Suffered depression for many years which took a turn for the worst when they were called in for a WCA. Leanne committed suicide soon after.
Karen Sherlock, 44. Multiple health issues. Found fit for work by Atos and denied benefits. Fought a long battle to get placed into the support group of ESA. Karen died the following month of a heart attack.
Carl Payne, 42. Fears of losing their lifeline benefits due to welfare reform led this Father of two to take their own life.
Tim Salter, 53. Blind and suffering from Agoraphobia. Tim hanged themselves after Atos found them fit for work and stopped their benefits.
Edward Jacques, 47 years old and suffering from HIV and Hepatitis C. Edward had a history of severe depression and self-harm. They took a fatal overdose after Atos found them fit for work and stopped their benefits.
Linda Wootton, 49 years old. A double heart and lung transplant patient. Died just nine days after the government found their fit for work, their refusal letter arriving as they lay desperately ill in their hospital bed.
Steven Cawthra, 55. Their benefits stopped by the DWP and with rising debts, they saw suicide as the only way out of a desperate situation.
Elenore Tatton, 39 years old. Died just weeks after the government found their fit for work.
John Walker, 57, saddled with debt because of the bedroom tax, John took their own life.
Brian McArdle, 57 years old. Suffered a fatal heart attack the day after their disability benefits were stopped.
Stephen Hill, 53. Died of a heart attack one month after being found fit for work, even though they were waiting for major heart surgery.
Jacqueline Harris, 53. A former Nurse who could hardly walk was found fit for work by Atos and their benefits withdrawn. in desperation, they took their own life.
David Barr, 28. Suffering from severe mental difficulties. Threw themselves from a bridge after being found fit for work by Atos and failing their appeal.
David Groves, 56. Died of a heart attack the night before taking their work capability assessment. Their widow claimed that it was the stress that killed him.
Nicholas Peter Barker, 51. Shot themselves after being told their benefits were being stopped. They were unable to work after a brain haemorrhage left them paralysed down one side.
Mark and Helen Mullins, 48 and 59 years old. Forced to live on £57.50 a week and make 12 mile trips each week to get free vegetables to make soup. Mark and Helen both committed suicide.
Richard Sanderson, 44. Unable to find a job and with their housing benefit cut forcing them to move, but with nowhere to go. Richard committed suicide.
Martin Rust, 36 years old. A schizophrenic man who killed themselves two months after the government found them fit to work.
Craig Monk, 43. A vulnerable gentleman and a partial amputee who slipped so far into poverty that they hanged himself.
Colin Traynor, 29, and suffering from epilepsy was stripped of their benefits. They appealed. Five weeks after their death their family found they had won their appeal.
Elaine Christian, 57 years old. Worried about their work capability assessment, they were subsequently found at Holderness drain, drowned and with ten self inflicted wrist wounds.
Christelle and Kayjah Pardoe, 32 years and 5 month old. Pregnant, their benefits stopped, Christelle, clutching their baby son jumped from a third floor balcony.
Mark Scott, 46. Their DLA and housing benefit stopped and sinking into deep depression, Mark died six weeks later.
Cecilia Burns, 51. Found fit for work while undergoing treatment for breast cancer. They died just a few weeks after they won their appeal against the Atos decision.
Chris Cann, 57 years old. Found dead in their home just months after being told they had to undergo a medical assessment to prove they could not work.
Peter Hodgson, 49. Called to JCP to see if they were suitable for volunteer work. Peter had suffered a stroke, a brain haemorrhage and had a fused leg. Their appointment letter arrived a few days after they took their own life.
Paul Willcoxsin, 33 years old. Suffered with mental health problems and worried about government cuts. Paul committed suicide by hanging himself.
Stephanie Bottrill, 53. After paying £80 a month for bedroom tax, Stephanie could not afford heating in the winter, and lived on tinned custard. In desperation, they chose to walk in front of a lorry.
Larry Newman suffered from a degenerative lung condition, their weight dropping from 10 to 7 stone. Atos awarded them zero points, they died just three months after submitting their appeal.
Paul Turner, 52 years old. After suffering a heart attack, they were ordered to find a job in February. In April Paul died from ischaemic heart disease.
Christopher Charles Harkness, 39. After finding out that the funding for their care home was being withdrawn, this man who suffered with mental health issues, took their own life.
Sandra Louise Moon, 57. Suffering from a degenerative back condition, depression and increasingly worried about losing their incapacity benefit. Sandra committed suicide by taking an overdose.
Lee Robinson, 39 years old. Took their own life after their housing benefit and council tax were taken away from him.
David Coupe, 57. A Cancer sufferer found fit for work by Atos in 2012. David lost their sight, then their hearing, then their mobility, and then their life.
Michael McNicholas, 34. Severely depressed and a recovering alcoholic. Michael committed suicide after being called in for a Work Capability Assessment by Atos.
Victor Cuff, 59 and suffering from severe depression. Victor hanged themselves after the DWP stopped their benefits.
Charles Barden, 74. Charles committed suicide by hanging due to fears that the Bedroom Tax would leave them destitute and unable to cope.
Ian Caress, 43. Suffered multiple health issues and deteriorating eyesight. Ian was found fit for work by Atos, they died ten months later having lost so much weight that their family said that they resembled a concentration camp victim.
Iain Hodge, 30. Suffered from the life threatening illness, Hughes Syndrome. Found fit for work by Atos and benefits stopped, Iain took their own life.
Wayne Grew, 37. Severely depressed due to government cuts and the fear of losing their job, Wayne committed suicide by hanging.
Kevin Bennett, 40. Kevin a sufferer of schizophrenia and mental illness became so depressed after their JSA was stopped that they became a virtual recluse. Kevin was found dead in their flat several months later.
David Elwyn Hughs Harries, 48. A disabled man who could no longer cope after their parents died, could find no help from the government via benefits. David took an overdose as a way out of their solitude.
Denis Jones, 58. A disabled man crushed by the pressures of government cuts, in particular the Bedroom Tax, and unable to survive by himself. Denis was found dead in their flat.
Shaun Pilkington, 58. Unable to cope any more, Shaun shot themselves dead after receiving a letter from the DWP informing them that their ESA was being stopped.
Paul ?, 51. Died in a freezing cold flat after their ESA was stopped. Paul appealed the decision and won on the day that they lost their battle to live.
Chris MaGuire, 61. Deeply depressed and incapable of work, Chris was summonsed by Atos for a Work Capability Assessment and deemed fit for work. On appeal, a judge overturned the Atos decision and ordered them to leave them alone for at least a year, which they did not do. In desperation, Chris took their own life, unable to cope anymore.
Peter Duut, a Dutch national with terminal cancer living in the UK for many years found that they were not entitled to benefits unless they were active in the labour market. Peter died leaving their wife destitute, and unable to pay for their funeral.
George Scollen, age unknown. Took their own life after the government closed the Remploy factory they had worked in for 40 years.
Julian Little, 47. Wheelchair bound and suffering from kidney failure, Julian faced the harsh restrictions of the Bedroom Tax and the loss of their essential dialysis room. They died shortly after being ordered to downgrade.
Miss DE, Early 50's. Suffering from mental illness, this lady committed suicide less than a month after an Atos assessor gave them zero points and declared their fit for work.
Robert Barlow, 47. Suffering from a brain tumour, a heart defect and awaiting a transplant, Robert was deemed fit for work by Atos and their benefits were withdrawn. They died penniless less than two years later.
Carl Joseph Foster-Brown, 58. As a direct consequence of the wholly unjustifiable actions of the Job centre and DWP, this man took their own life.
Martin Hadfield, 20 years old. Disillusioned with the lack of jobs available in this country but too proud to claim benefits. Utterly demoralised, Martin took their own life by hanging himself.
Annette Francis, 30. A mum-of-one suffering from severe mental illness, found dead after their disability benefits were ceased.
Ian Jordan, 60. Their benefits slashed after Atos and the DWP declared Ian, a sufferer of Barratt's Oesophagus, fit for work, caused them to run up massive debts in order to survive. Ian was found dead in their flat after taking an overdose.
Janet McCall, 53. Terminally ill with pulmonary fibrosis and declared ‘Fit for Work' by Atos and the DWP, this lady died 5 months after their benefits were stopped.
Stuart Holley, 23. A man driven to suicide by the DWP's incessant pressure and threat of sanctions for not being able to find a job.
Graham Shawcross, 63. A sufferer of the debilitating disease, Addison's. Died of a heart attack due to the stress of an Atos ‘Fit for Work' decision.
David Clapson, 59 years old. A diabetic ex-soldier deprived of the means to survive by the DWP and the governments harsh welfare reforms, David died all but penniless, starving and alone, their electricity run out.
Chris Smith, 59. Declared ‘Fit for Work' by Atos as they lay dying of Cancer in their hospital bed.
Nathan Hartwell, 36, died of heart failure after an 18-month battle with the ­Department for Works and Pensions.
Michael Connolly, 60. A Father of One, increasingly worried about finances after their benefits were cut. Committed suicide by taking 13 times the fatal dose of prescription medicine on the 30th October – Their Birthday.
Jan Mandeville, 52, A lady suffering from Fibromyalgia, driven to the point of mental and physical breakdown by these governments welfare reforms. Jan was found dead in their home after battling the DWP for ESA and DLA.
Trevor Drakard, 50 years old. A shy and reserved, severe epileptic who suffered regular and terrifying fits almost their entire life, hounded to suicide by the DWP who threatened to stop their life-line benefits.
Death of a severely disabled Dorset resident, unnamed, who took their own life while battling the bedroom tax.
May their deaths be avenged.
See also: UK ‘is first country to face UN inquiry into disability rights violations' ~ Disability News Service
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
We Asked People What They Know About Taxes. See If You Know The Answers
Back in 2012, Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney's campaign suffered a blow when a tape was leaked of them grousing that 47 percent of Americans don't pay federal income tax. It was one of the biggest gaffes of the presidential campaign, but a new poll conducted by Ipsos for NPR suggests that many Americans forgot it.
The way Romney characterized those who don't pay federal income taxes is what got them in trouble, but the figure was roughly true. The new poll, however, shows that a majority think that the share of Americans paying no federal income tax is far lower.
The poll gave respondents four options — 39 percent said that only 11 percent of Americans pay zero or negative income tax, and 31 percent said that only 27 percent pay zero or negative income tax. Only 21 percent got it right — right now, around 45 percent pay no federal income tax.
The poll, released the day before Americans' taxes are due, delved into what Americans know and what they believe is wrong with the U.S. tax code — and what they know is limited and at times contradictory. But this isn't just about pointing out what Americans know and don't know. Rather, there could be important policy implications to Americans' misperceptions about the tax system. For example, this question dovetails with questions about what people think the lowest-income Americans' tax rate should be.
Americans underestimate the share of Americans who don't pay federal income taxes
Given four choices of how many Americans pay zero or negative federal income taxes (11, 27, 45, or 63 percent), fully 70 percent of poll respondents chose the options under the correct answer, which was 45 percent. Some of these people simply have no taxable income, and others get money back as a result of refundable tax credits like the Earned Income Tax Credit. (Of course, these people might pay other taxes, like payroll taxes, as well as whatever sales and property taxes their states impose.)
Two-thirds of Americans believe lower-income people pay too much income tax (with heavy partisan differences — around 8-in-10 Democrats, 6-in-10 independents, and half of Republicans agreed with that statement). In addition, 60 percent of Americans believe taxes should be lowered for people making $49,000 or less (again, with Democrats and independents being somewhat more likely than Republicans to say those taxes should be lowered).
Taking these two ideas together — that people (mistakenly) think very few of their fellow Americans pay zero federal income tax, and that a majority of Americans think low-income people pay too much in income tax — there are a couple of possible conclusions.
One is that if more Americans knew how many others do not end up paying federal income taxes, they would say tax rates should stay the same or even be raised.
Then again, it's possible that Americans nevertheless would think their poorest fellow citizens do need more money, regardless of how the current tax code looks. That might mean they would advocate expanding the EITC or other tax breaks.
When it comes to taxes paid by the rich, things get complicated.
We posed the following statement to people as a true or false question: "For the highest earners, the percent of federal income taxes they pay now is significantly higher than it was in 1980."
In retrospect, there are multiple ways to interpret this question.
If "percent" is taken as "rate" here, the answer is "false." In 1980, the top marginal income tax rate was 70 percent. Today, it's 39.6 percent (something about half of Americans know, per our poll).
But if "percent" is taken as "share" here, the answer is "true." That is, the share of federal income tax revenue that the richest Americans pay has gone up since 1980.
How does that work? As the Tax Policy Center's Roberton Williams explained to NPR, the share of income going to the rich has climbed in a big way over the last few decades.
So how Americans think about this could affect what they think should happen to the top tax rates on the richest. In 1980, the top 10 percent brought in 32 percent of all adjusted gross income, according to the Tax Foundation. In 2013, it was 46 percent. For example, many Americans also believe taxes should be raised on the richest. The top tax bracket starts at $418,400 right now.
The poll shows that 70 percent of Americans believe taxes should be raised on people making $250,000 to just under $1 million, and that 75 percent believe they should be raised on people making $1 million or more.
That's already a sizable majority, but depending on whether people knew tax rates on the richest had indeed fallen (or, alternately, that the rich now pay a higher share in taxes), it could change what they think should happen to those marginal rates. (Of course, it's also possible that historical rates wouldn't affect their views at all.)
Those views differ widely by party; Democrats are much more likely to believe that taxes should be raised on the rich than Republicans.
Americans also appear to have strong views on how people earn their money. We asked people to what degree they agreed with this statement: "The tax rate on income from work should be lower than the tax rate on income from wealth."
Across the board, regardless of party, Americans agreed — 75 percent said they did, including 77 percent of Democrats, 71 percent of Republicans and 84 percent of independents.
This is another result that might make the richest Americans squirm. The rich tend to earn their income in a different way from most other Americans. Besides paychecks, many make money from capital gains — income they get from selling investments like stocks. Most of those capital gains are taxed at a rate far below that top income tax rate. (People at any income level of course can have those kinds of investments, but capital gains are overwhelmingly concentrated at the top of the income spectrum.)
The top rate that the highest-income Americans will pay on most capital gains is 20 percent, around half the top marginal rate for ordinary income.
Americans overestimate how important income taxes are to government revenue
About half of the poll's respondents (with very little variance by party) said they believe 75 percent of the federal government's revenue comes from personal income taxes. In reality, it's just under half.
Of all the taxes Americans pay, income tax probably requires the most thought. After all, payroll tax comes automatically out of each paycheck. Sales tax is imposed at the cash register. And so on.
So maybe it makes sense that Americans think all that work they put into filling out their forms ends up doing the lion's share of funding the government.
What else we learned
Beyond all this, there were a few more fascinating findings in the poll.
Phrasing matters. One thing we learned is that using the phrase "death tax" instead of "estate tax" seems to make people more opposed to that tax — but, interestingly, that effect appears to be by far largest among Democrats.
Sixty-five percent of all people said the "estate tax" should be abolished, compared to 76 percent who said the "death tax" should be. However, among Democrats that swing was far larger: only half said they wanted to abolish the "estate tax," but 71 percent said the same of the "death tax."
The estate tax affects fewer than 1 in 500 estates. Many opponents of the estate tax — who have tended to be Republicans — use "death tax" as a euphemism. This shows that to the extent that that phrasing helps them, it could be helping them pick people up across the aisle.
On tax policy, views aren't always all that partisan. Democrats are often seen as the party that wants a more progressive system — Hillary Clinton, for example, ran for president in 2016 with a tax plan that would have ramped up taxes for the ultra-rich.
But in our poll, nearly half of Democrats — 45 percent — agreed with the proposition that "federal income taxes should be cut for all income levels."
Likewise, Republicans — the party that has spoken of "makers" and "takers" — were split roughly evenly on the idea that tax cuts for the wealthy lead to economic growth. (Democrats and independents tended to disagree — that is, to say that tax cuts for the wealthy do not lead to that growth.) Incidentally, it's not at all clear that this is true; one recent comparison of tax rates and growth rates across advanced economies found no strong linkage between the two.
These are only two examples, but they suggest that partisan messaging in Washington on some specific issues doesn't necessarily filter down to Americans.
Americans agree: Taxes are too complicated (but that's no reason to cheat). There are a few more areas where Americans tend to agree across party lines: nearly 9 in 10 believe the tax code is too complicated, three-quarters say it's not OK for people to underreport income on their taxes, and 77 percent say their own personal federal income taxes are too high.
In addition, 72 percent knew that taxes are due on April 18. For those remaining 28 percent, it might be time to file that extension.
The poll was conducted online on April 11-12, with a sample of 1,010 adults age 18 or older. For all respondents, the poll has a credibility interval of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. The credibility interval is plus or minus 5.7 percentage points for Democrats, plus or minus 6.1 percentage points for Republicans, and plus or minus 8.3 percentage points for independents.
The Tory-Liberal Democrat coalition has descended into open warfare over education policy as Nick Clegg dramatically disowned the "ideology" driving much of Michael Gove's controversial schools reform programme.
In a speech this week, extracts of which were released on Saturday night, the deputy prime minister will say that unqualified teachers should not be allowed to teach in state-funded schools and that parents need more reassurance about standards and the curriculum. "Parents don't want ideology to get in the way of their children's education," they will say.
The intervention by Clegg drives a wedge between the two governing parties over a key domestic policy, as more signs of trouble emerge this weekend with the free school programme, the flagship of the Tories' public service reform agenda.
The Observer can reveal that a second unqualified headteacher of a free school has quit their post following criticism. Last week the Guardian revealed that Annaliese Briggs, a 27-year-old who was unqualified when they were appointed as headteacher of Pimlico free school in London, had resigned after just three weeks in the job.
Now it has emerged that Lindsey Snowdon has stepped down from the Discovery new school in Crawley, West Sussex, after a stinging Ofsted report into their work at the 60-pupil primary free school, saying they "lacks the skills and knowledge to improve teaching".
A temporary head, experienced in turning round "failing schools", has been appointed in their place.
Gavin Gordon, a parent who took their son and daughter out of the school last year because they were so displeased with it, said: "My children were not getting the teaching they deserved and that we were promised. On reflection I think one of the reasons was that the teachers were not trained. And you could not complain to anyone. It was all run by the same family."
Last week a 400-pupil Muslim secondary school in Derby, the Al-Madinah free school, was condemned as "dysfunctional" by Ofsted and received the lowest marks in every category from inspectors who were severely critical of the lack of training received by its teachers.
In Clegg's speech they will respond to the growing worries over free schools, saying that while they are in favour of more autonomy, there have to be national standards and controls that parents can rely on. Until now the Liberal Democrats have kept to a fragile truce with the Tories over school reform.
Addressing the issue of unqualified teachers, Clegg will make clear that anyone teach in a state school should be fully qualified, or be working towards a full qualification. "Frankly it makes no sense to me to have qualified teacher status if only a few schools have to employ qualified teachers," Clegg will say.
"Over the last 10 years, there's been a revolution in the way in which we've recruited and trained our teachers. Whether it's through the on-the-job learning offered through schemes like Teach First and Schools Direct or the continued contribution of our universities to educating generations of Britain's teachers." They will add: "That's why I believe that we should have qualified teachers in all our schools."
Tristram Hunt, the shadow education secretary, said: "I'm delighted Nick Clegg has realised the dangers of an ideologically driven schools policy. We would be happy to work with them to reintroduce accountability, proper standards and qualified teachers in all our schools across the country."
Gove's department says that headteachers of academies or free schools should have the freedom to employ untrained teachers in the same way that private schools "hire the great linguists, scientists, engineers and other specialists they know can best teach and inspire their pupils".
Clegg will also call for the national curriculum and rigorous new food standards to apply in all schools, rather than just those that remain under local authority control. "What is the point of having a national curriculum if only a few schools have to teach it? Let's teach it in all our schools," they will say.
The Observer has also learned that senior officials at the top of Ofsted are growing increasingly worried about the effect that unqualified teachers could have on individual schools and the reputation of academies and free schools.
One high-ranking source said: "It is taken as a given [at Ofsted] that everyone believes teachers should be qualified or in the process of being qualified. It is assumed that that is what everyone thinks so it is not openly discussed, but it will be tackled when we publish our annual report in November."
Last year the head of Ofsted, Sir Michael Wilshaw, made clear to a Commons committee that they believed teachers should be qualified: "I would expect all the teachers in my school to have qualified teacher status," Wilshaw said.
An Opinium/Observer poll finds that while twice as many people think free schools are a good idea as those who don't, 60% of people are concerned at the prospect of unqualified teachers being employed in them.
• This article was amended on 20 October 2013 to clarify that Briggs was unqualified when they were appointed as headteacher of Pimlico free school. They were awarded a PGCE in July 2013, after the appointment was made.
The initial concept for Challengers of Khalea was a multiplayer-only blend of turn-based MOBA and Management, but with this decision comes a decidedly different title. The Tampere, Finland-based studio has decided to abandon that premise in favor of what they believe to be a more exciting direction.
“After we failed on Kickstarter, we took a look at the feedback we were getting. It was mainly positive, but another online-only indie title was definitely not what people wanted. In a way, discovering that was liberating.” said Steve Stewart, company Co-Founder.
The company had long struggled with the difficulties of producing a quality online multiplayer title under the limited budget of a largely self-funded and self-guaranteed indie studio. After raising over €6,000 in its first week on Kickstarter last October, the project seemed brimming with promise, but when the contributions slowed, and funding goals fell short, the studio was left with an ultimatum: adapt, or disband.
“We simply weren't ready to give up so easily. We've sacrificed a lot for this project, and we are passionate about creating the fun and exciting tactical experience we dreamed up all those months ago. When we found out that our one big stumbling block, the expense related to creating multiplayer netcode (and doing it right), wasn't going to be an issue, things got fun again.” said Steve Stewart.
The dozen-person team brainstormed on the direction they would move, and the influence of tactical role playing games (such as Final Fantasy Tactics and the Fire Emblem series), on the original concept was not ignored. A tactical role playing game it would be, with a character-focused story revolving around the lives of a rising Arena champion and their team of support staff on their way to the Khalean Cup. But a piece of the puzzle remained unplaced.
“Our art style just wasn't right for telling the story we wanted to. We thought long and hard, and in the end inspiration struck me from a variety of sources. Old school JRPGs have a ton of 2D, so we decided on that for our storytelling mechanism partly as an homage to those titles, and partly because we had already dreamed up the perfect visual style. We immediately felt that an amalgamation of Art Nouveau and Comic-style art would work perfectly for this otherwise rough bloodsport. A bit of visual charm to balance the savage nature of the sport this story revolves around.” Said Steve Stewart.
With updated visuals, and a story-based focus, Dreamloop Games has renewed their passion for the project, and with the expense of multiplayer netcode axed, has managed to free up severely limited resources in order to create the game they wanted all along.
Gunnar Sandberg
Close calls seemed like nothing to me. Growing up playing baseball, I saw ball after ball whizz past the pitcher and into the field. The game always carried on, and everyone moved back to their positions for the next pitch—no big deal. One day, the close calls that always seemed like nothing suddenly became a very big deal.
March 11, 2010, was the day that changed my life forever. My high school, Marin Catholic, was getting ready to play against powerhouse De La Salle High School of Concord, California. As the game was winding down, my coach turned toward me and told me to warm up. I was going in to pitch the next inning and was beyond thrilled for my varsity pitching debut.
I was confident, but I was also nervous as hell. I came in against the heart of the team's order, scheduled to face the Nos. 3, 4 and 5 batters. I walked the first man and was down in the count against its power hitter. We all know no one swings on a 3-0 count. I finally threw one into the strike zone, outside corner as always.
Courtesy of Gunnar Sandberg
A loud "ping" noise rang out as they made solid contact, and that's when it happened.
All I could do was turn my head. I fell to the dirt on the mound as shock overcame my body. I was hit just above my temple by a screaming line drive—one that I later found out was traveling 130 miles per hour.
In that moment, it didn't even hurt. I figured I could just "man up," stand up and walk to the dugout. Unfortunately, it was more serious than I thought. Before I could figure out what was happening, the ambulance pulled into the parking lot, two EMTs placed me on a backboard, and into the back of the ambulance I went. The last thing I can remember was the ambulance speeding out of the school parking lot.
Baseball season meant everything to me. I lived for the smell of the fresh grass, the sun beating down on me and the sweat running down my eye-black-covered cheeks. I played as hard as possible just to get my chance to play, but it turned out this hard work on the field was for nothing.
I had always seen those line drives fly right past the pitcher in Little League, travel ball and Major League Baseball, but I never thought something would happen to me. I had been hit in the foot once, but that was it. Baseball could never be this dangerous! There was no tackling, no punching, nothing—it was a gentleman's game.
I had always treated the game this way, and as most baseball players and teenage boys, I felt invincible. Invincibility, however, is unfortunately nothing but a false hope borne out of confidence.
Three weeks after that frightening afternoon, I finally awoke on Easter weekend of 2011. My parents called it an "Easter miracle."
Some people say that they have memories—visions while in a coma—but that wasn't the case for me. In fact, my first memory after waking up was passing In-N-Out Burger, and the fact that I couldn't have any was another small jab.
The ambulance continued on, and I was extremely confused when we drove across the Golden Gate Bridge. Where was I going? Frustration ran through my veins, as I couldn't talk because of the numerous tubes and apparatus shoved down my throat before I was transported. Why was I in an ambulance and why couldn't I speak? I had no idea what happened; all I knew was that I was angry—and couldn't communicate.
Courtesy of the Sandberg family
After about a week of simply sleeping and regaining my consciousness, I started to work, and I worked hard, getting my life back in shape. Going into the baseball season, I was 6'0”, 160 pounds. By the time I reached the rehabilitation hospital, however, I was down to 115 pounds with not an ounce of muscle on my body. I now looked more like Skeletor than a former athlete.
The most shocking thing, besides my weight, was that I had a skateboard helmet on. I was lying in a bed—why in God's name would I be wearing a helmet? Later that week, I found out why. When I took my first look in the mirror in what felt like ages, my brain was protruding out of my skull.
I learned then just how dire my situation had been.
My family sat around my bed, saying that they had to talk to me. They informed me that when I was in the coma, the doctors had told them that I wasn't going to make it.
It may have been a miracle that I survived, but I wasn't about to wait around for another miracle to get me back on my feet. This was going to take hard work, and my family and I were ready—not only my family, but also the nurses, my friends, the Marin County community, the baseball community and even people across the country supported me like you couldn't believe.
After hearing that the doctors doubted my survival, I worked as hard as I could to prove them wrong. I learned again how to talk, walk, read...all the activities you often take for granted. I struggled, as I knew what to do, but would continuously miss one vital step.
I would place my toothbrush under the running water, but would forget toothpaste. I would throw a sweatshirt on, but no shirt underneath.
My therapists—occupational, physical and psychological—would push me every day to get better, to "add value to every rep" as my coaches would say. There was always one thing that pushed me: getting back on the field.
I kept asking my parents when I could play again. My mom instead tried to convince me that golf and tennis were great spring sports and that I should heavily consider them instead of baseball.
Courtesy of the Sandberg family
Sorry, mom. Baseball was my one true love and my passion. No one thought I would ever see the field again. Everyone doubted me, but this just fueled my fire. I was going to do it. I was determined, and no one could stop me.
School came around in the fall, which was a definite struggle because of memory and some cognitive issues, but I knew that I could push through. I had my eyes set on returning to the field.
When the day to return to the field finally came, I was met with more heartbreak. A torn labrum had relegated me to designated hitter-only duties. My day back in the field would have to wait another year. This crushed me, but I made a promise to myself to keep fighting, and this latest roadblock would not change that.
I didn't play the field, so I didn't really get the opportunity to wear any head protection in the games, but I did in practice.
Easton-Bell Sports approached me in my senior year and said it was close to having a product for me and would release it to the public shortly thereafter. I appreciated everything it was doing, and its headpiece was very practical. It did the job, in terms of safety, but it didn't pass a couple of tests, including the mirror test.
Marcio Jose Sanchez
The headgear was a great idea, and I wish it would have worked out, but the reality is it would not have. I liked it, as it was the first thing I had seen that would have protected the head, but it frankly didn't look good. It would be a tough sell for anyone.
It featured a hard shell in the front and came down to the temples, but in the back, there was a simple elastic band in order to fit most head sizes. The best thing, as far as aesthetics go, was that I could wear my baseball hat under it.
I felt unsure about my safety when I wore it. What if someone threw a ball at me when I wasn't looking? Would it actually protect me? I doubted it. I also tried wearing a base coach's helmet, but that was rather impractical.
Would it protect my head in the field? Yes. Any time I bent down or had to move my head too quickly, however, it would fall to the ground. I could only imagine what could happen if it fell off in a vital moment.
Years later, I came into contact with a company called Unequal Technologies, which makes protection for all sports, including baseball. It revealed the "Halo" not long ago, which features a sheet of lightweight Kevlar.
Courtesy of Gunnar Sandberg
This was the answer for me. I'll trust any material that can save a man's life from a bullet. It's what I trust most to this day to protect my safety out on the diamond. Boston Red Sox catcher David Ross and Oakland Athletics catcher John Jaso also believe in Unequal, as they are currently wearing it underneath their helmets—a step in the right direction.
Even though I trust it completely, I do feel like something that protects the temples would be the optimal product, so there is still work to be done. Having said that, I love what this company is doing and how driven it is to prevent injuries such as mine.
Although it makes a standard hat heavier, once I wore it to a few practices, it felt like nothing was there. I would do anything to save the next player from going through what I went through, so I implore all players to consider a product like this.
All pitchers who've been hit in the head by a line drive know that it's the scariest moment in their life. If only someone said "you aren't pitching unless you wear this," then these horrific accidents might be prevented or mitigated.
Brandon McCarthy, who has spoken publicly (per Paul White of USA Today) about refusing to wear the new IsoBlox, is sending the wrong message to all pitchers—professional and Little League.
With all due respect to McCarthy, they are letting down kids who need to see proof that protection isn't for wusses. You would think that after going through what they did—what we did—he would think about making a change in their career that could potentially affect thousands of others.
Uncredited
Clayton Kershaw, on the other hand, has spoken up in support, saying they are definitely willing to try the headgear and it seems like a good idea, stating on MLB Network (via IsoBlox.com), "I'm definitely not opposed to it. I think it'd take a lot of getting used to. I think it's a great thing and a step in the right direction, for sure."
Even if MLB was being more proactive, the real change needs to happen early, in youth baseball. Once young players are used to wearing protective gear, they will become more comfortable using it as they grow older.
I know that the ego of professional pitchers gets in the way of wearing headgear, but creating a new culture from youth ranks through high school, where this is all they know, is the missing link to better protecting players. If I were to step on the mound again—chances are I won't—I would wear anything to protect me.
Although this horrible accident changed my life, I wouldn't trade it for anything—even with all of the hardships, dark thoughts and fears I've had to overcome. The lessons I learned make me the man I am today.
Courtesy of Gunnar Sandberg
I am now back playing baseball, playing left field and the hot corner, wearing Unequal's Halo.
The aftereffects, however, linger. I still have memory issues and am now epileptic, but I am fortunate to be here at all. That's the good news.
The bad news is that I've had four major seizures that have all put me a few steps back from where I was before. Every time this has happened, I've looked back and have been left frustrated.
What would life be like if I didn't have these seizures? What would life be like if this accident never happened? As much as I'd like to admit that my life has picked up where it left off before I was hit, I'm not the same.
The worse news is that Major League Baseball is stagnant with its take on head protection.
Seeing Brandon McCarthy, Joe Martinez, Doug Fister, J.A. Happ, Alex Cobb and now Aroldis Chapman get struck with batted balls makes me shake my head. Enough is enough. I can't understand how these pitchers will get on the mound again without thinking about the consequences. They're one piece of equipment away from being protected.
That life-changing day in March 2010 is constantly on my mind. Whenever I see a pitcher get hit, I cringe. My injury flashes back in my mind, and I have to walk away. Putting pitchers out on the mound without protection is a serious threat; when is Bud Selig going to realize that this is a burning issue that cannot be ignored?
America's pastime is changing, and baseball can't hide behind its archaic traditions if pitchers continue to be hit and seriously injured—putting their lives on the line with every pitch. That was me, four years ago, lying in a coma in a hospital bed while my family was told I was going to die.
Fortunately, I survived and am here to tell my story. Fortunately, and incredibly, no major leaguer has died to this point.
But is that what it's going to take to finally force change, Mr. Commissioner? Does baseball want to wait for tragedy or prevent it before it happens?
There's a cry for help by pitchers like me, and we want to know what you are you going to do about it. The answer is out there; now let's put it into action.
Gunnar Sandberg was critically injured in 2010 by a comebacker as a prep pitcher for Marin Catholic High School in Kentfield, California.
Read more of their amazing story here and here, and contact them on Twitter to discuss their efforts to increase player protection @GunnarWSandberg.
about Anandmurti Gurumaa
Anandmurti Gurumaa
It takes an extraordinary being to consummately conclude the extraordinary journey to truth. Anandmurti Gurumaa is one such rare paragon of virtue and purity, an enlightened master. Moved by the pervasive plight of the masses, they have been bestowing upon people the greatest gift ever viz eradicating the root cause of all suffering. And they have been doing this relentlessly for over thirty years through innumerable discourses and meditation camps held in India and abroad.  They are emphatically secular, declaring themselves to be religion-less and bears no allegiance to any one particular religion. Everyone irrespective of their cultural and religious background and belief systems is welcomed. And yes, atheists are welcome too, for Gurumaa is a sound rationalist and never advocates unquestioning faith in anything or anyone. Them exhaustive know how of various paths of spirituality is indeed unparalleled. They have a comprehensive mastery and in-depth knowledge of ancient scriptures including the Upanishads, Bhagawad Gita and the Gurbani, to name but a few! They effortlessly expound on the teachings of a myriad of sages from different parts of India and oversees. Essentially Gurumaa can adeptly guide any seeker, any aspirant, no matter which path they or they want to follow. And herein lays the uniqueness of this splendid master. What's more, the compassionate Philanthropist that they are, they spearhead a noble mission called Mission Shakti which is aimed at empowering girls and women. An awakened being, a rationalist, a visionary, that is Gurumaa, may mistakenly invoke an image of a person with an austere disposition. A prolific poet, singer and composer, a delightful orator, contemporary and liberal, a sparkling sense of humor and a certain je ne sais quoi marks this unique and endearing persona named Gurumaa.
Sadgurudev
Anandmurti Gurumaa
has extensively spoken on plethora of subjects,
elucidated numerous scriptures, explicated the works of innumerable mystics,
unravelled the mysteries of various paths and
put to word a vast
treasure of wisdom.
Master Speaks features few
drops from this ocean...
In 1947, at 17 years of age, I began to call myself an anarchist. Having spent some three years in the socialist movement I naturally conceived of anarchism as a form of communism. I exchanged Bukharin for Bakunin, Kautsky for Kropotkin and Marx for Malatesta, but the goal of common ownership remained the same, even if the route was now a different one. And it was this goal to which I held for about the next ten years, despite changes in emphasis and tactics.
Towards the end of the 1950's I began to have serious doubts about the compatibility of anarchism and communism. At first my criticisms of anarchism as communism were mild and were mainly concerned to point out that there were other ways of viewing anarchism than the communist one. Then, in 1961, I read Max Stirner's The Ego and Their Own and became convinced that anarchism was not a communism, but an individualism. The conclusion I then reached, and to which I still hold, was that individualism, in the words of John Beverley Robinson, is “the recognition by the individual that they are above all institutions and formulas; that they exist only so far as they choose to make them their own by accepting them”, and further, it is “the realisation by the individual that they are and individual; that, as far as they are concerned, they are the only individual”. (This is not a claim for Solipsism. Robinson goes on to recognise there are “other individuals.” “But none of these is himself. They stand apart. Their consciousness, and the desires and gratifications that enter into it, is a thing unique, no other can enter into it.”)
It followed from this that, because they recognised no institution or formula as having authority over them, individualists were logically anarchists. And, because they denied the validity of any authority over the individual, anarchists were logically individualists, since this denial affirmed the primacy of the individual. My anarchism then became freed from the last vestiges of that altruistic idealism which casts out service to God and the state only to replace it with service to Society and Humanity. Not only this, but anarchism as I now saw it, drove authority out of its final hiding place in such spooks as ‘duty' and “moral obligation' and became firmly grounded in conscious egoism.
My former goal of a stateless communist society became repellent to me. Jealous of preserving my individuality I had no wish to have my ego dissolved into the amorphousness of an egalitarian herd. Communism would render me powerless before the economic collectivity. The common ownership of the means of production would confront me with the choice: integrate or perish. Any group, or federation of groups, can be as powerful as any State if it monopolises in any given area the possibilities of action and realisation. The result would be social totalitarianism, even if it were done in the name of “anarchism”. In practice stateless communism would vest all executive power in the hands of mass assemblies or elected delegates. Either way it would be expressed de facto government of the individual by the majority. What power could I exercise for example if I were stuck at the base of the pyramid of workers' councils proposed as the administrative structure for industries in the communist society? At best, and in its purest form, such a system might produce an “anarchism” of groups. It would not produce an anarchism of individuals.
But this rejection of the communist utopia did not end my formulation of anarchism as an individualism. Communism was certainly incompatible with anarchism, but was anarchism compatible with any normative social order? In other words, was it possible to realise anarchism as a form of society?
In Man vs The State Herbert Spencer remarks that “social organisation has laws over-riding individual wills; and laws disregard of which must be fraught with disaster.” Leaving aside the pertinent question: disaster for whom? I can see what Spencer is driving at. Most people who call themselves anarchists assume that the disappearance of the State will mean the disappearance of authority. Indeed, a favourite answer to those who argue against the possibility of a society existing without a government is to give examples of primitive societies which are or were stateless and ask, if they can function like this, why can't we? For example, Hubert Deschamps in their book The Political Institutions of Black Africa describes tribes in which “There is no necessity for command, nor coercive institutions; conflicts are reduced to a minimum by the absence of social differences, making it impossible for one to rise above another, and above all, by the natural obedience to ancestral customs” (My emphasis). In such societies, then, there is no vertical authority exercised by a State, but there is a horizontal authority exercised by “society” in the form of “ancestral customs” — customs that are often more ubiquitous and despotic than modern governments! That such a model of social control is in the minds of some professed anarchists is shown by Nicolas Waiter in their pamphlet About Anarchism. Here they state that in “the most libertarian society” the “proper treatment of delinquency would be part of the educational and health system, and would not become an institutionalised system of punishment. The last resort would not be imprisonment or death, but boycott or expulsion.” The same “last resort” of many primitive societies against those who violate their customs is thus envisaged as a mechanism of an anarchist society, presumably on the grounds that we have a fine future in our past.
From what I know of history there does not seem to have been any organised collectivity which has been without authority, whether that of custom or of law. This is because all collectivises need norms to which their members must conform if they are to function. And these norms need sanctions to ensure that they are obeyed by any recalcitrant individual. These sanctions may be customary, religious, political, economic or moral, but they all add up to authority over the individual. Anarchism has never existed as a form of society, nor is it ever likely to. Indeed, I consider it a grave mistake to conceive of anarchism as a social theory; I do not expect any type of society to guarantee or to respect my individuality, for all societies seek to undermine the self- ownership which is its basis. All seek to principle my being and behaviour by ideals of co-operation, or competition, or brotherhood, or mutual benefit, or love as the dominant group in each society defines them. In all societies, therefore, the individual who is supposed to be the focal point of benefit gets lost in the welter of generalities which stand over and above their particularity and concreteness. Thus the war between the individual and society will go on as long as both exist. Anarchism is not a form of society. It is the cutting edge of individualism, the negative side of an egoist philosophy. The anarchist is not a peddler of schemes of social salvation, but a permanent resister of all attempts to subordinate the uniqueness of the individual to the authority of the collective. The anarchist is someone who refuses to be seduced even by the most glittering or most rational vision of a society in which diverse egoisms have been harnessed into harmonising one with another.
In the above-mentioned pamphlet by Nicolas Walter, the kind of anarchism I have outlined is rather scornfully dismissed as suitable for “poets and tramps,' as “anarchy here and now, if not in the world, then in one's own life”.
Indeed, and where and when else can one expect it?
Below is an approximation of this video's audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.
Studies like these, showing that fruits can suppress the growth of cancer in a petri dish, are all well and good. But, we need to know if they can do the same thing within the human body. But, it's considered unethical to withhold conventional cancer therapies, like surgery, chemo, radiation to test out some fruit or vegetable. So, what do you do?
Well, one direction researchers have taken is to use “combinatorial strategies”—for example, adding phytonutrients from the spice turmeric, or green tea, along with chemotherapy, to see if that works better than chemo alone. But, this gets complicated, because chemo and radiation often work by killing cancer cells with free radicals. And so, antioxidants, though they may certainly reduce the toxicity of the treatment, there's a theoretical concern, at least, that it could reduce the efficacy of the treatment, as well.
Another way you can study the effects of plants on cancer is by testing dietary interventions on slow-growing cancers, like prostate cancer, which is how Ornish and colleagues were able to show their apparent reversal in cancer growth with a plant-based diet. They could only get away with that because these patients were in an early, watch-and-wait stage of cancer. Are there any other cancers like that?
Esophageal cancer is not the cancer to get. Five-year survival is only about 13%, with most people dying within the first year of diagnosis. But, the development of esophageal cancer is a multistage process, though, right? You start out with a normal esophagus, the tube that connects your mouth to your stomach. Starts out fine, then precancerous changes take place, and then localized cancer starts to grow. And then, eventually it spreads. And then, you die.
Because of the well-defined, stepwise progression of esophageal cancer, researchers jumped on it as a way to test the ability of berries—the healthiest fruits—to reverse the progression of cancer. “A Randomized Phase II [clinical] Trial of [powdered] Strawberries in Patients with…Precancerous Lesions of the Esophagus.” Six months of eating one or two ounces a day of freeze-dried strawberries—that's like over a pound of fresh strawberries a day. And, the progression of disease was reversed in 80% of those on the high-dose strawberry treatment. At the beginning of the study, none had a normal esophagus. They either had mild or moderate precancerous disease. But, by the end of the study, after all those strawberries, most lesions either regressed from moderate to mild, or disappeared completely. Here's some representative before-and-after pictures. Give some strawberries, and many went from moderate disease to mild. Or, from mild to go. By the end of the study, half of those on the high dose of strawberries walked away disease-free.
A drop of tumor markers, before and after. Some new chemo drug? No. All because of just strawberries. Showing for the first time that “dietary strawberries [could] significantly decrease…the…grade of patients' precancerous esophageal lesions.” Cellular proliferation before and after treatment, with strawberries. Look at that, right? And what's the side effect? Like, get a little strawberry seed stuck in your teeth, or something?
Recent population studies also suggest that plant foods are protective against esophageal cancer, whereas diets with lots of meat and fat appear to double the odds of cancer; and lots of fruits and vegetables may cut one's odds of esophageal cancer in half.
“A diet rich in foods from animal origin and poor in foods containing vitamins and fiber [in other words plant foods, may] increase esophageal cancer risk.” And now, we know at least one plant that may even reverse the course of disease, if caught early enough.
The findings were heralded as groundbreaking in an editorial in the Journal of the American Association for Cancer research. Given that the editorial was written by a pair of pharmacy professors, though, they of course concluded that the “active components and molecular targets” responsible for the efficacy of strawberries must be identified—posing the question, is the best approach to just eat strawberries? Or, can they make a strawberry-derived drug that works even better?
Please consider volunteering to help out on the site.
Tottenham have again been linked with Ben Chilwell and Rico Henry – but face disappointment in their bid to sign Saido Berahino.
Arsenal are reported to have made an offer worth £4million to sign Chilwell from Leicester City, but both The Times and Daily Mirror claim Spurs have officially now registered their interest after having a close look at the 19-year-old in their recent FA Cup ties against Claudio Ranieri's side.
The two newspapers also repeat the much-reported claim that Spurs are tracking Walsall's Henry, who has been linked with several of the Premier League's top clubs in recent months.
The Times, meanwhile, say West Brom have refused to lower their £25million asking price for Berahino.
It was reported on Wednesday that Spurs were preparing a final offer of £17million for the unsettled striker, but Albion are sticking to their guns despite Berahino falling out of favour with Tony Pulis this season.
The Daily Star claims the north Londoners are instead focusing their efforts on Barcelona's Sandro Ramirez.
Written by Andrew Jones
Here's a little bobber Inception for you. By definition, a ‘bobber' is a factory bike that's been stripped down to decrease weight and improve performance. So this begs the question, if a factory builds a bobber, can you still ‘bob' it? It seems that France‘s FCR Original have gone a few levels deeper to provide us with an answer, and that answer is a resounding ‘oui'.
Somewhat of quite a achiever, the FCR shop is based just outside of the city of Poitiers in France‘s east. Pumping out an admirable 35 or so custom bikes every year, they clearly have their act together. Founded by Mathieu Ménard and Sébastien Guillemot, they cut their teeth in the engineering field before getting busy with custom bikes. They are supported by colleague Espera Sbarro, who excels in bodywork and composite materials.
After the success of their ‘Moose' Triumph Bonneville brat last year, the lads were pondering what they could do with the newly launched Bobber. With enough bikes under their belt to have developed a method to their madness, they considered taking a similar approach with Hinckley's latest. And that approach is simple; classic looks and clean lines.
“We chose to keep the spirit of the Triumph brand,” says Seb from the FCR shop. Clearly, there was more than a little research on old Triumph hardtails going on here. “Once we had it designed in our heads, we worked on the complete disassembly of the bike. Then the frame and the bike's rear cage was polished and nickel plated”. And doesn't it look trick?
Next, the bike's forks were treated to a quick trip to Sweden thanks to build partner Ohlins France. Handed the key to the Ohlins' storeroom, they eventually went with a Black Edition unit of the right-side-up variety. These were then bolted into bespoke FCR triples that were also adorned with an LSL handlebar, itself having all the required accoutrements to operate the new Beringer front brake calliper.
“For the wheels, we mounted 18″ Excel rims topped with Avon Roadriders. With the bike sprung and shod, we began to think about the seat. We eventually chose a two-tone vintage reupholster with a red and black colour theme”.
Aquaphobics will be glad to see the team opted for some fenders, even if they are a little on the bobbed side. Part of an overall accessories design, the shop made them from scratch and followed this up with brackets to hold them and some turn signals to boot. Buttons for the signals along with a speedo were supplied by Germany‘s Motogadget and then wired up along with the rest of the bike.
Finally, the engine was fitted with new JV velocity stacks on the in side and some FCR-shortened Triumph cans on the out. “We have removed the factory's plastic side covers and added a polished aluminium plate with the shop's name beneath the rear shock”. The last word was had by the FCR spray gun, covering all the best bits with a candy apple red and topping it off with some gold leaf Triumph lettering.
In an all too familiar tune, Seb bemoans the time and effort they had to spend trying to get the Triumph's electrics to play nice. “It was the most complex part of the build by far,” they exclaim. Battling through the bike's multiple layers of wires and software obviously paid dividends in the long run, because now the bike runs and rides like a dream.
[ FCR Original – Facebook – Instagram | Photos by Mitch Cannon ]
The first brain-to-brain telepathy-like communication between two participants via the Internet has been performed by University of Washington researchers.*
The experiment used a question-and-answer game. The goal is for the “inquirer” to determine which object the “respondent” is looking at from a list of possible objects. The inquirer sends a question (e.g., “Does it fly?) to the respondent, who answers “yes” or “no” by mentally focusing on one of two flashing LED lights attached to the monitor. The respondent is wearing an electroencephalography (EEG) helmet.
By focusing on the “yes” light, the EEG device generates send a signal to the inquirer via the Internet to activate a magnetic coil positioned behind the inquirer's head, which stimulates the visual cortex and causes the inquirer to see a flash of light (known as a “phosphene”). A “no” signal works the same way, but is not strong enough to activate the coil.
The experiment, detailed today in an open access paper in PLoS ONE, is the first to show that two brains can be directly linked to allow one person to guess what's on another person's mind. It is “the most complex brain-to-brain experiment, I think, that's been done to date in humans,” said lead author Andrea Stocco, an assistant professor of psychology and researcher at UW's Institute for Learning & Brain Sciences.
The experiment was carried out in dark rooms in two UW labs located almost a mile apart and involved five pairs of participants, who played 20 rounds of the question-and-answer game. Each game had eight objects and three questions. The sessions were a random mixture of 10 real games and 10 control games that were structured the same way.*
Participants were able to guess the correct object in 72 percent of the real games, compared with just 18 percent of the control rounds. Incorrect guesses in the real games could be caused by several factors, the most likely being uncertainty about whether a phosphene had appeared.
The study builds on the UW team's initial experiment in 2013, which was the first to demonstrate a direct brain-to-brain connection between humans, using noninvasive technology to send a person's brain signals over the Internet to control the hand motions of another person. Other scientists had previously connected the brains of rats and monkeys, and transmitted brain signals from a human to a rat, using electrodes inserted into animals' brains.
The new experiment evolved out of research by co-author Rajesh Rao, a UW professor of computer science and engineering, on brain-computer interfaces that enable people to activate devices with their minds. In 2011, Rao began collaborating with Stocco and Prat to determine how to link two human brains together.
University of Washington | Team links two human brains for question-and-answer experiment
“Brain tutoring” next
In 2014, the researchers received a $1 million grant from the W.M. Keck Foundation that allowed them to broaden their experiments to decode more complex interactions and brain processes. They are now exploring the possibility of “brain tutoring,” transferring signals directly from healthy brains to ones that are developmentally impaired or impacted by external factors such as a stroke or accident, or simply to transfer knowledge from teacher to pupil.
The team is also working on transmitting brain states — for example, sending signals from an alert person to a sleepy one, or from a focused student to one who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD.
“Imagine having someone with ADHD and a neurotypical student,” Prat said. “When the non-ADHD student is paying attention, the ADHD student's brain gets put into a state of greater attention automatically.”
“Evolution has spent a colossal amount of time to find ways for us and other animals to take information out of our brains and communicate it to other animals in the forms of behavior, speech and so on,” Stocco said. “But it requires a translation. We can only communicate part of whatever our brain processes.
“What we are doing is kind of reversing the process a step at a time by opening up this box and taking signals from the brain and with minimal translation, putting them back in another person's brain,” they said.
* “Telepathy-like” is KurzweilAI's wording, meaning that no action by the subject outside of the brain were required in the communication. As noted above, the first experiment (known to KurzweilAI) to demonstrate a direct brain-to-brain connection between humans via the Internet, the UW team's initial experiment in 2013, used involuntary finger movements on a keyboard. Proponents of “telepathy” or “psychic” experiments using the Internet as a link, if any, might counter this.
The researchers took steps to ensure participants couldn't use clues other than direct brain communication to complete the game. Inquirers wore earplugs so they couldn't hear the different sounds produced by the varying stimulation intensities of the “yes” and “no” responses. Since noise travels through the skull bone, the researchers also changed the stimulation intensities slightly from game to game and randomly used three different intensities each for “yes” and “no” answers to further reduce the chance that sound could provide clues.
The researchers also repositioned the coil on the inquirer's head at the start of each game, but for the control games, added a plastic spacer undetectable to the participant that weakened the magnetic field enough to prevent the generation of phosphenes. Inquirers were not told whether they had correctly identified the items, and only the researcher on the respondent end knew whether each game was real or a control round.
UPDATE Sept. 9, 2015: Footnote expanded to clarify “telepathy-like.”
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
SWANSEA CITY have enjoyed an outstanding first half of the season under news boss Michael Laudrup, but what have been the key factors in their success so far?
Here, Jon Doel scours the official Premier League statistics to find out the secret to the Swans' success.
PASS MASTERS
Last season the Swans received huge plaudits for their possession football and style of play under Brendan Rodgers.
Rodgers' departure and Michael Laudrup's appointment have undoubtedly contributed to a new, perhaps improved Swansea outfit, but the style remains and the stats show the Welsh team remain one of the most technically gifted in the league.
In fact, Laudrup's Swans all but match Rodgers' vintage in terms of passing accuracy with a successful completion rate of 85.4% compared to 85.7% in the Premier League last term.
That figure puts the Swans among the top four teams, behind only the top two of Manchester United and Manchester City and FA Cup third round opponents Arsenal.
Interestingly the accuracy of passing is slightly ahead of Rodgers' Liverpool, although the Anfield outfit are joint first when it comes to dominating possession alongside champions Manchester City.
Swansea is sixth in this department, ahead of the likes of Champions League hopefuls Tottenham Hotspur.
Passing accuracy table
Manchester United 86.9%
Arsenal 86.5%
Manchester City 86.2%
Swansea City 85.4%
Liverpool 85.2%
Chelsea 84.4%
Spurs 83.5%
Average possession
Liverpool 59%
Manchester City 59%
Manchester United 58%
Arsenal 58%
Chelsea 56%
Swansea City 55%
Spurs 50%
KEY POSSESSION MEN
Much was made of Leon Britton's ability to keep the ball last season, and the midfield maestro is repeating their incredible stats.
Britton's pass completion rate of 92% from 1,088 passes is almost an exact match to the 93% they posted last year, and again they remain the heartbeat of the Swansea side.
This year Britton has a rival within their own ranks, though, with summer signing Ki Sung-Yueng also posting a pass completion rate of 92%, albeit from 996 passes.
Centre-back Chico Flores is the pick of the Swans defenders with an impressive passing accuracy of 90%
Leon Britton's distribution stats
Ki Sung-Yueng's stats
MICHU SENSATION
Has there ever been a better piece of business than that done by Swansea when capturing Michu last summer?
With 13 goals in the first 20 matches of their debut Premier League campaign, the Spaniard is taking on the likes of Robin van Persie and Luis Suarez in the race for the golden boot.
Clinical Michu is currently averaging a goal every 133 minutes and has converted more than half of their 24 attempts on goal.
There's been a decent mixture too – five with the head, seven with their left foot and one with the right.
Without those goals you wonder where Swansea might be in the league, with the rest of striking options offering little so far.
Danny Graham's improved form has seen them take their tally to three in the league, while Itay Shechter and Luke Moore are yet to register.
Of the rest, Wayne Routledge's impressive season has seen them notch up five goals.
Michu stats
The top scorers
Michu 13
Wayne Routledge 5
Nathan Dyer 3
Danny Graham 3
Jonathan de Guzman 3
Pablo Hernandez 2
ATTACKING THREAT
With 17 games left of the season, the Swans are just 13 goals off beating their total of 44 last season under Rodgers.
Swansea currently average 1.48 goals per game and have mustered an impressive 219 shots on goal in their 21 games so far.
That compares to a goal average of 1.16 per game last term when the Swans at times lacked some of the cutting edge they have shown in recent months.
The 5-0 drubbing of QPR in the first match set the tone, while the more recent 3-1 win over West Brom at the Liberty Stadium in November showcased the attacking, clinical Swans at their very best.
How the two Swansea sides compare as an attacking threat
Swansea City 2011/12
Games: 38
Goals: 44
Goals per game: 1.16
Total shots: 335
Shooting accuracy: 43.3%
Swansea City 2012/13
Games: 21
Goals: 31
Goals per game: 1.48
Total shots: 219
Shooting accuracy: 46.6%
Next page: Swansea's improving defence, a tale of two goalkeepers and the key creators
IMPROVING AT THE BACK
The consistent brilliance of Ashley Williams is well-documented by now, and the addition of the fiery but often classy Chico has been a decent acquisition.
Add to that the outstanding emergence of young Ben Davies and the reliability of Angel Rangel, and it is clear the Swans have a sound defensive foundation.
Interestingly, their defensive record is actually better than last season when they were considered a more conservative outfit.
Gallery: Some of the highlights from Swansea City in 2012
Just 26 goals have been conceded this season at an average of 1.24 per game. That compares to last season's average of 1.34 goals per game.
Laudrup's men can still look frail at times from set-pieces but early-season wobbles have generally been addressed, and their tackles won percentage of 78.3% is again an improvement on previous efforts.
Swansea City's defence in 2011/12
Games: 21
Goals conceded: 26
Goals conceded per game: 1.24
Clean sheets: 5
Tackles won: 78.3%
Blocks: 90
Clearances: 788
Swansea City's defence in 2012/13
Games: 38
Goals conceded: 51
Goals conceded per game: 1.34
Clean sheets: 14
Tackles won: 72.07%
Blocks: 146
Clearances: 1,048
GOALKEEPERS
When Michel Vorm was ruled out for eight weeks following injury in the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City in October, the Swans entered somewhat unknown territory.
Step forward German reserve keeper Gerhard Tremmel – a charming character who has proved a more than capable understudy in recent months.
Indeed, the stats show Tremmels' figures are more than a match for Dutchman Vorm, who has now been restored to first-team action.
Tremmel has conceded 10 goals in the 10 matches they have played compared to the 16 in 12 matches Vorm has let in.
The German kept two clean sheets, made 43 saves and saved 81% of the shots fired at them during their first-team stint.
Those figures compare favourably to Vorm's record of three clean sheets, 40 saves and a saves/shot ration of 71%.
How the goalkeepers match up
THE CREATORS
While Britton and Ki have been the calming presence, and Michu has grabbed the headlines, up front, the rest of the Swansea midfield has been pretty busy too.
Pablo Hernandez, Nathan Dyer, Jonathan de Guzman and Wayne Routledge have created nearly 100 chances between them in the 21 games so far.
Routledge has perhaps been the pick of the bunch, creating 29 of those, including three direct assists.
They have also provided 38 crosses on top of the five goals they have scored.
Summer signing de Guzman, who has been steady if unspectacular at times, actually shows up well on the official stats.
Their set-piece expertise has seen them deliver 60 crosses, creating 25 chances and four direct assists.
And Pablo Hernandez' class has begun to shine through in recent weeks following injury troubles, the Spaniard creating 25 chances and four direct assists in just 11 starts.
Swansea's top men for goal assists
Pablo Hernandez: 4
Jonathan de Guzman: 4
Wayne Routledge: 3
Nathan Dyer: 3
SEATTLE (Reuters) - Boeing Co (BA.N) machinists soundly rejected an eight-year labor contract extension on Wednesday that would have let them build the company's newest jetliner in Washington, a historic decision that could forever alter the course of Boeing's 97-year presence in the state.
(L-R) Union leaders Mark Johnson, Tom Wroblewski, Susan Palmer and Rich Michalski announce the results of a union vote while speaking at the International Association of Machinists District 751 Headquarters in Seattle, Washington November 13, 2013. Boeing Co machinists soundly rejected an eight-year labour contract extension on Wednesday that would have let them build the company's newest jetliner in Washington, a historic decision that could forever alter the course of Boeing's 97-year presence in the state. International Association of Machinists members voted 67 percent against a deal that would secure an estimated 20 years of work building Boeing's 777X jet, but a deal that would have terminated their pension plan and raised their healthcare costs. REUTERS/David Ryder
International Association of Machinists members voted 67 percent against a deal that would secure an estimated 20 years of work building Boeing's 777X jet, but a deal that would have terminated their pension plan and raised their healthcare costs.
The decision means Boeing will consider building key parts of the 777X, including the wings, in non-union U.S. states or in Japan, where it has already received an offer.
A crowd of more than 100 people erupted in cheers when the vote was announced amid a charged atmosphere at the union's main hall in Seattle.
The vote means Boeing will look for other locations to build the 777X, the only jet it is likely to develop in the next 15 years. Even though the union's 31,000 workers gave up their chance for those jobs, they considered the giveaways in the contract too grave to accept.
Boeing “overreached,” said Kathy Cummings, a Washington State Labor Council official.
Boeing swiftly issued a statement saying it had sought to strike a balance between its desire to build the jet in the state and to get what it termed a competitive cost structure.
“We are very disappointed in the outcome of the union vote,” Boeing Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Ray Conner said in the statement.
“Without the terms of this contract extension, we're left with no choice but to open the process competitively and pursue all options for the 777X.”
Tom Wroblewski, president of International Association of Machinists District 751, the local union, said in a statement that members “preserved something sacred by rejecting the Boeing proposal. We've held on to our pensions and that's big. At a time when financial planners are talking about a ‘retirement crisis' in America, we have preserved a tool that will help our members retire with more comfort and dignity.”
They said they hoped Boeing would “not discard our skills when looking to place the 777X.”
Wroblewski came under fire for standing with Boeing and Gov. Jay Inslee in announcing the labor proposal last week, then two days later at a raucous meeting with members, they tore up the agreement and disparaged it.
Wilson Ferguson, vice president of District 751, said Boeing's attempt to put the “future of the job market of the Puget Sound for the next 30 years on us is ridiculous.”
“If they're going to make those business decisions and take the company down the road to corporate suicide, that's entirely their business,” they said.
Washington state Gov. Inslee, who won approval of an $8.7 billion tax package for Boeing and the aerospace industry in less than a week, said the state still has much to offer Boeing.
“This does not diminish the strengths we do bring to the table,” they said. “Tremendous workforce, tremendous incentive package, good permitting, a way to move forward on transportation. We bring those strengths to the table and we've got to continue to maximize those.”
Related Coverage Boeing sees Middle East market of $550 billion over 20 years
STRONG VIEWS
Voter turnout was high. Workers began lining up in predawn darkness on Wednesday outside the union hall in Everett, Washington and elsewhere in the Seattle area and in Oregon. Boeing builds the current 777 model in Everett.
“It goes against everything that we've fought for over the years,” said John Orcutt, 42, a 17-year union member and hydraulic tube bender in Auburn, Washington.
Orcutt said they don't believe Boeing would build the 777X wing elsewhere because the Washington workforce is trained, tooling for the plane is in place and new production lines are risky. They expect the company to eventually come back with another offer if the contract is voted down.
“I think they're totally bluffing,” they said.
But others said they would accept the new deal, fearing Boeing would eliminate 20,000 jobs over the next decade as it moved work elsewhere.
“I don't think Boeing's bluffing at all,” said another worker. “They did it with second line of the 787.”
Separately, Boeing Chief Executive Jim McNerney confirmed on Wednesday that Boeing would consider moving production elsewhere, but declined to say if the vote was a “take it or leave it deal,” according to an interview with KING 5 TV, Seattle's NBC affiliate station.
Boeing's alternatives include non-union South Carolina, where the company currently assembles 787 Dreamliners and where it broke ground on Tuesday for a new factory that will make engine housings for its forthcoming 737 MAX planes. <ID:L2N0IX1WZ>
Boeing is buying more than 200 acres near the 787 campus to expand its facilities and has agreed to invest more than $1 billion and hire 2,000 more workers over the next eight years.
Boeing also may consider giving the wing work to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (7011.T), the Japanese industrial giant that already makes wings for the 787.
Reuters reported exclusively on Tuesday that Mitsubishi had made a detailed proposal to Boeing for building the 777X wing. <ID:L5N0IX420>
Boeing also has facilities in Long Beach, California, where it builds the C-17 military transport plane. That program is ending, freeing space and workers for 777X production.
The vote might not mean the 777X ultimately gets built outside Washington, because moving the work would bring logistical headaches, analysts and industry experts said.
Boeing already has a smooth-running factory line in Everett for the 777, its best-selling wide body jet.
It could use the same workforce and large, fixed tooling to build the 777X, an updated version with essentially the same aluminum fuselage, and new wings, engines and systems.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Boeing also is scaling back output of other jets built in Everett, notably the 747-8, which would make room for the 777X.
Any other site would require time to set up tooling, train workers and deal with the distance between its current 777 operations and the 777X line.
“The door isn't shut on Washington,” said Ken Herbert, an analyst at investment firm Canaccord Genuity in San Francisco.
59
Click here to confirm that you have read the Terms of Purchase before buying
Highasakite make pop music, but an adventurous brand of indie pop full of contrasts. Once you hear Highasakite you'll wonder how you ever got by without them; theirs is an endless sound oscillating between density and spaciousness. Debut album "Silent Treatment" is filled with radical texture and startling immediacy, and Ingrid Helene Håvik's idiosyncratic vocals perfectly join the albums eccentricity and accessibility.
The band members now all reside in Oslo, however the origins of the group can be found at the Trondheim Jazz Conservatory, where singer and songwriter Håvik met drummer Trond Bersu and began to write, record and perform together. However, the pair felt that they needed an extra something to give their performances the sound they desired. As a result, Øystein Skar on synthesizers was added, before the more recent arrivals of Marte Eberson, also on synths, and Kristoffer Lo on guitar, flugabone and percussion. All of this has combined to give the band a richer texture and more potent sound.
"Silent Treatment," produced by acclaimed Norwegian producer Kåre Chr. Vestrheim, is perceived by Håvik as a very romantic album, with many of its themes existing in the realm of relationships behind closed doors. Yet for all the lyrical depth and layered compositions, the one thing that Highasakite do exceedingly well is enveloping choruses, which instantly take root and resonate, perhaps no more so than in lead single "Since Last Wednesday."
Håvik cites Mary Margaret O'Hara, Fever Ray and Diamanda Galás as some of their favourite musicians, as well as being touched by Bulgarian vocal choirs. Many other non-musical reference points have helped inform "Silent Treatment," such as Håvik's time in New York and Istanbul.
Highasakite have spent the last few months wowing audiences at numerous international festivals, including this year's OYA Festival.
Pin +1 Share 75 Shares
President Obama addressed the Colin Kaepernick national anthem protest controversy in a news conference at the G-20 meeting in Hangzhou, China. Obama said it must be a “tough thing” for those in uniform, Obama said, because of the “meaning” the flag and national anthem holds for them. Obama has also helped create a “conversation” about what a jerk these liberals are and how we need Donald Trump to put America First again.
“When it comes to the flag and the national anthem and the meaning that holds for our men and women in uniform and those who fought for us that is a tough thing for them to get past to then hear what their deeper concerns are, but I don't doubt their sincerity based on what I've heard,” the president said Monday.
Obama also praised Kaepernick for generating “conversation.”
“I think they care about some real legitimate issues that have to be talked about and if nothing else what he's done is he's generated more conversation around some topics that need to be talked about,” Obama said.
The president said maybe some of their critics will “start seeing that they have a point.” They called it messy, “but it's the way democracy works.”
“My suspicion is that over time he's going to refine how he's thinking about and maybe some of their critics will start seeing that they have a point around certain concerns about justice and equality and that's how we move forward. Sometimes it's messy, but it's the way democracy works,” Obama said. Obama has clearly been the most ‘refined' America hater in America's History. Just a few more months left in Obama's presidency. There is virtually no oppression of black people in America any longer, and there has not been such oppression for about 50 years. In fact, black people in America are treated better than all other groups due to institutional privileges and protections afforded them in law and policy.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: In terms of Mr. Kaepernick, I've got to confess I haven't been thinking about football while I've been over here and I haven't been following this closely, but my understanding at least is that he's exercising their constitutional right to make a statement. I think there's a long history of sports figures doing so. I think there are a lot of ways you can do it. As a general matter when it comes to the flag and the national anthem and the meaning that holds for our men and women in uniform and those who fought for us that is a tough thing for them to get past to then hear what their deeper concerns are, but I don't doubt their sincerity based on what I've heard. I think they care about some real legitimate issues that have to be talked about and if nothing else what he's done is he's generated more conversation around some topics that need to be talked about. So again I haven't been paying close attention to it, but you've heard me talk about in the past the need for us to have an active citizenry. Sometimes that's messy and controversial and it gets people angry and frustrated, but I'd rather have young people who are engaged in the argument and trying to think through how they can be part of our democratic process than people who are just sitting on the sidelines and not paying attention at all. My suspicion is that over time he's going to refine how he's thinking about and maybe some of their critics will start seeing that they have a point around certain concerns about justice and equality and that's how we move forward. Sometimes it's messy, but it's the way democracy works.
Comments
The U.S. Army announced Thursday the upcoming deployments of 5,700 soldiers to Europe as well as Afghanistan.
Beginning this fall, approximately 4,000 soldiers from the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, will deploy to Europe in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve.
As part of the regular rotation of forces, the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team will replace the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division.
"The Dagger Brigade is looking forward to deploying back to Europe," Col. David Gardner, commander of 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, said in an Army press release.
"The brigade has served most of its 100-year history in support of our European allies and will arrive after a year of training ready to do so again."
The Army also announced Thursday that 1,500 soldiers from the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, will deploy this summer to Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom's Sentinel.
"Since spearheading allied assaults in Sicily and Anzio in 1943, the Devil Brigade has accomplished its missions through disciplined initiative," said Col. Toby Magsig, commander of 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division. "The same endures today. The 'Devils in Baggy Pants' are well-trained, well-equipped, and ready to assist our Afghan partners."
In addition to the 82nd's deployment, about 200 soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Division Headquarters, stationed at Fort Stewart, Georgia, will also deploy to Afghanistan in support of Freedom's Sentinel.
The 3rd Infantry Division Headquarters will replace 1st Cavalry Division Headquarters at Bagram Airfield as the U.S. Forces-Afghanistan's National Support Element.
"The Marne Division is trained and ready to deploy in support of this important mission," said Maj. Gen. James Rainey, commander of 3rd Infantry Division. "The number one priority at the 3rd Infantry Division is readiness, and I am confident our soldiers are ready to serve our nation's call."
-- Matthew Cox can be reached at matthew.cox@military.com.
CARACAS (Reuters) - A local beauty queen died of a bullet wound on Wednesday in the fifth fatality from Venezuela's political unrest, as imprisoned protest leader Leopoldo Lopez urged supporters to keep fighting for the departure of the socialist government.
College student and model Genesis Carmona, 22, was shot in the head during a protest on Tuesday in the central city of Valencia, and died in a clinic.
“How long are we going to live like this? How long do we have to tolerate this pressure, with them killing us?” a relative, who asked not to be named, told Reuters.
“She only needed one more semester to graduate,” they added of Carmona, who had been studying tourism and had won the 2013 Miss Tourism competition in their state.
Tensions have risen in Venezuela since Lopez, a 42-year-old Harvard-educated economist, surrendered to troops on Tuesday after spearheading three weeks of often rowdy demonstrations against President Nicolas Maduro's government.
"Today more than ever, our cause has to be the exit of this government," they said, sitting next to their wife in a pre-recorded video to be released if they were arrested. (t.co/uJGiXVm0AV)
“The exit from this disaster, the exit of this group of people who have kidnapped the future of Venezuelans is in your hands. Let's fight. I will be doing so.”
As well as the death in Valencia, three people have been shot dead in Caracas and another person run over by a car during a demonstration in the coastal town of Carupano.
There have been scores of arrests and injuries.
TROUBLE AROUND NATION
There was sporadic trouble across Venezuela again on Wednesday. Rival groups scuffled outside the Caracas court where Lopez was due, while student demonstrators also blocked a highway in the capital, burning trash.
In western Tachira state, security forces and protesters fought in the streets for about two hours, with two students injured, various vehicles damaged or destroyed, and local monuments charred, witnesses said.
In southern Puerto Ordaz city, pro- and anti-government marchers fought in the street, witnesses said, with police firing teargas to quell the trouble.
Three government supporters were injured in the melee where shots were fired, and both sides faced off with sticks and stones, the witnesses said.
The demonstrators are calling for Maduro's resignation over issues ranging from inflation and violent crime to corruption and product shortages.
Maduro, who was narrowly elected last year to replace Hugo Chavez after their death from cancer, says Lopez and others in league with the U.S. government are seeking a coup against him.
Street protests were the backdrop to a short-lived ouster of Chavez for 36 hours in 2002, before military loyalists and supporters helped bring them back.
Though tens of thousands joined Lopez on the streets when they turned themselves in on Tuesday, the protests so far have mainly been much smaller than the wave of demonstrations a decade ago.
There is no evidence the military, which was the decisive factor in the 2002 overthrow, may turn against Maduro now.
Lopez was being held on Wednesday at the Ramo Verde jail in Caracas, and was due at a first court hearing.
“FREE LEOPOLDO!”
Hundreds of supporters stood outside the tribunal, holding banners saying “Free Leopoldo!” as a line of soldiers stood in front with riot shields and gas-cannisters. “We're prepared to give our lives,” said pensioner Juan Marquez, 68.
Police held back a rival demonstration by several hundred ‘Chavistas', some of them striking the protesters and shouting “downtown Caracas belongs to revolutionaries”.
Waving pictures of Maduro and Chavez, they chanted “Leopoldo, off to Tocoron” in a reference to a notoriously overcrowded provincial jail.
In an intriguing twist to the drama, Maduro said their powerful Congress head Diosdado Cabello, seen by many Venezuelans as a potential rival to the president, personally negotiated Lopez's surrender via their parents.
Cabello even helped drive them to custody in their own car given the risks to Lopez's life from extremists, Maduro said.
With local TV providing minimal live coverage of the street unrest or opposition leaders' news conferences, Twitter, Instagram and Facebook have become the go-to media for many Venezuelans desperate for information on the crisis.
However, many social media users are indiscriminately tweeting images without confirming their origin, leading to manipulation and gaffes including footage of unrest in Egypt and Chile being passed off as repression in Venezuela.
Old photos from past protests are also doing the rounds.
Detractors call Lopez a dangerous and self-serving hothead. They have frequently squabbled with fellow opposition leaders, and was involved in the 2002 coup, even helping arrest a minister.
“I've hardly been in office for 10 months and for 10 months this opposition has been plotting to kill me, topple me,” Maduro said. “For how long is the right wing going to hurt the nation?”
Though the majority of demonstrators have been peaceful, a radical fringe have been tossing stones at police, blocking roads and vandalizing buildings.
Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is escorted by national guards before handing themselves over in Caracas February 18, 2014. REUTERS/Jorge Silva
Right groups say the police response has been disproportional, with some detainees tortured.
In a nation split largely down the middle on political lines, ‘Chavistas' have stayed loyal to Maduro despite unflattering comparisons with their famously charismatic predecessor. Many Venezuelans fear the loss of popular, oil-funded welfare programs should the socialists lose power.
Maduro expelled three U.S. diplomats this week, accusing them of recruiting students to protest. Washington said on Wednesday it was considering reciprocating.
Strange, but true! As described by Bryan Cranston himself:
"One of my jobs as a young actor starting out was voiceover. I also did dubbing. A lot of dubbing and a lot of voiceovers. So foreign films would come in and I'd go in. One of the places that did a lot of that was Saban Entertainment. And they would take movies and then cartoons from all over the world and we'd go and do the English dub. And the Power Rangers came in and I did some voices for that. I had already been there for a number of years, just as a freelance guy coming in and coming out. And it paid like $50.00 an hour, which was fantastic. And you'd work two, three hours at least a day. So I had been there for awhile already and then the Power Rangers came in. They actually named one of the Power Rangers after me."
Pictured above: the Blue Ranger, Billy Cranston.
CBC News uncovered a potential breach of municipal voting rules in Ward 20 Trinity-Spadina on Tuesday.
At an advanced voting station at the Cecil Community Centre on Spadina Avenue, elderly voters — many of whom did not speak fluent English — were found with sample ballots with the name and number of Ward 20 city council candidate Tonny Louie already marked off.
Sample ballots are readily available on the city's website, and are meant to prepare voters for what they will see when they arrive to vote.
But the rules surrounding municipal voting are clear – once someone has entered a polling station, they cannot be influenced in any manner and campaign materials are strictly forbidden.
CBC News obtained examples of the pre-marked ballots, and took them to Louie for comment. The city council candidate said voting aids are sometimes necessary for elderly voters, who have trouble reading the small print on the ballots and can become confused if English is not their first language.
“I think people are having problems reading the names of candidates because there are so many — just for mayor there are 65 names, and a lot of seniors are 90-years-old, so what are you going to do?” Louie said.
Louie denied that their campaign handed out the pre-marked sample ballots as a guide, but said that a grassroots group in Ward 20 that supports particular candidates was responsible.
City spokesperson Jackie DeSouza acknowledged there were problems at the polling station Tuesday, primarily that a number of non-English speaking voters showed up and there was not translators on hand to assist them. They said that voters are asked to bring their own interpreters, such as a family member or friend, who can help them cast their intended vote.
DeSouza also said that staff are trying to enforce the regulation barring campaign materials inside polling stations.
But reassurances of diligence have not entirely eased some voters' concerns that lax oversight could jeopardize the validity of the election.
“There were voters showing each other ballots behind the screens … You could see the other person voting,” said Louis Kestler, who cast a ballot at the polling station along with their brother Henry.
“Perhaps the supervision should be done a bit better in terms of making sure it's a fair electoral process for everyone,” Henry said.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
Wicked Lippies is rated 4.5 out of 5 by 545 .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Silvereli from Patience is key, but good value! I own this in several shades, and some I like more than others. Scandalous: What can I say but, it's okay? It does it's job. Has to be applied several times but the color is lovely. Mischievous: Not a huge fan. The gold color is pretty but even with a lip primer and a couple of coats it's hard to make it even. Cold hearted: Same issues as Scandalous but to a lesser extent. If you're patient you can make it look very nice. It's very metallic, and comes out a sort of gunmetal black. Trickery: Definitely my favorite BY FAR, (and a surprisingly life-wearable color!). While it does take a couple of coats, the color is nice and smooth, and has the most interesting gunmetal-green luminescent effect.
Rated 4 out of 5 by DatMermaid from (Almost) Perfect! I was so excited when my package arrived, I had to try them on immediately! I know it's a big concern for coverage with "weird" color lipsticks, but these do not disappoint! I got Betrayal and Risque, and they are both perfect, color wise. The ONE complaint I have is that Risque was very difficult to apply, as every time I tried to even put the slightest pressure on it, it would sort of move and squish over to the side of the tube. Betrayal worked fine, and it's not hot out or in my apartment, so I'm not sure what is going on? I guess I'll just have to do with the "mush it on with my finger" technique for now. Otherwise, PERFECT!
Rated 4 out of 5 by bibigems from Awesome colors! These lippies are exactly what I wanted in colored lipsticks. I cannot decide which one is my favorite color. I purchased all of them except for the bright teal and the silver shade. I have already worn the olive green lipstick and I used a Wet n Wild Color Icon eyeliner pencil in the olive green shade to first line my lips. I will use the same eye liner as a "base" for the lipstick in the future since I think this will make the color stay on longer. The staying power is fair to good. Some shades go on a little bit streaky so using a base is a good idea. I am really pleased with all the shades and cannot wait to use them all. This was a good purchase. Thank you NYX!
Rated 5 out of 5 by SevsBella from Great Color! I purchased these because I wanted a different color in my collection. I'm not a huge fan of metallics but these are awesome.. I recommend to anyone who wants to try something different. For the quality and price, you can't beat it.
Rated 5 out of 5 by HavanaC from in love with the lippies! Me I'm a total girly girl, I love color bold color to be exact, these lippies are love! they did NOT disappoint! I had purchased envy and betrayal and love them both with envy being my favorite, i am highly light skinned (with red undertone) this works with me well these colors are wearable yet vibrant. *note: These two lipsticks are amazing but they can leave stains. I suggest wear something semi slippery under them (such as a thin layer of chapstick) to help eliminate that* I didnt experience any lip staning with envy (its a "slippery" lipstick it stays put yet moves around a bit such as in the inner lip area), but I did with betrayal but it wasn't bad at all. it was easy (for it to be a stain) to remove , the stain is a berry/reddish color It's really pretty actually throw on some gloss and its a lipcolor. disclaimer: these pictures are mostly unedited
Rated 5 out of 5 by Naelly21 from great I bought this just recently and i love it i bought envy, cold hearted & risqué and they are all gorgeous I want to order more asap they go on great and the color is amazing I get tons on compliments on them
Rated 5 out of 5 by Venus Envy from Amazing endurance! I wear almost exclusively NYX after being an Urban Decay junkie for over 20 years. These lippies are incredibly long lasting and true to color. I can't stop talking about my new Wicked Lippies!
If you've done any research into pregnancy or breastfeeding in the United States in the past few years, it's likely you're aware that the Affordable Care Act expanded preventative health care services to include breastfeeding support- as of August 1, 2012, health plans in the United States were generally required to cover “breastfeeding support, supplies and counseling” in conjunction with each birth.
In the summer of 2012 I was already on pathway 2 to becoming an IBCLC (International Board Certified Lactation Consultant) and I was beyond thrilled to learn that insurance companies would be paying for my services.
So many barriers to proper care would be removed!
Families could get the help they needed from me and other IBCLCs without having to pay out of pocket!
It was about damn time!
Fatal Attraction. Presumed Innocent. Basic Instinct. Double Jeopardy. They're all Hollywood thrillers of the 80s and 90s, and were all, to a greater or lesser extent, sizeable box-office hits. It's easy to forget, in the current era of superhero-led blockbusters, that the humble thriller was once a go-to genre for Hollywood - its mid-budget bread and butter which could reliably turn a profit in both theatres and on VHS (or later, DVD).
The past 20 years, however, have seen a sizeable shift in the way Hollywood makes and sells its films. There's an increased need to hook the biggest possible audience in on a movie's opening weekend, resulting in a greater emphasis on loud, flashy moments which can be packaged up and sold to viewers in trailers. This ‘go-big-or-go-home' mentality has, in turn, led to bigger action scenes and city-wide destruction; as Damon Lindelof lamented last year, “Once you spend more than $100 million on a movie, you have to save the world.”
Now, while we thoroughly appreciate an explosive superhero movie as much as the next geek, we do miss those thrillers that were once so common. Yes, movies are still being made in the genre, and sometimes do well, such as 2012‘s Jack Reacher, which made a healthy $200m or so worldwide. Yet thriller films which emphasise suspense, characterisation and atmosphere are becoming increasingly rare in mainstream American cinema.
Released early last year, Steven Soderbergh's Side Effects was something of a 90s throwback. Like those thrillers mentioned at the start of this piece, it was very much a medium budget film ($30m isn't a huge sum for a movie these days), was led by a handful of star names (among them Jude Law, Channing Tatum, Rooney Mara and Catherine Zeta-Jones), and featured a taut, low-key script which was full of intrigue and drama rather than explosions or special effects. Sure, it was trashy, but it had the quality of a good pulp page-turner you might buy from an airport. Side Effects doubled its budget at the box office, and probably would have made even more money had it been marketed better. So why isn't Hollywood making more thrillers like this?
There are probably several reasons why. First, marketing is expensive, and studios are increasingly saving their pennies to sell their biggest, most lucrative movies. Second, thrillers are relatively cheap to make, but truly great thrillers are difficult to write. And third, the American thriller has largely migrated to television - for recent examples, see True Detective or the TV adaptation of the Coen brothers' Fargo.
But while the US mainstream seems to be increasingly turning its back on the thriller, indie filmmakers are stepping in to fill the breach. Blue Ruin, which came out in UK cinemas last week, is an example of the kind of absorbing, impeccably-made and intelligent thriller which could have been made by a director like Jonathan Demme or David Fincher back in the 1990s.
About an ordinary man on a fumbling and misguided revenge mission in Virginia, Blue Ruin is superbly written and shot by Jeremy Saulnier, while Macon Blair turns in an unforgettably bruised, sad-eyed performance as cinema's most unlikely avenging angel, Dwight.
As Saulnier told us in a recent interview, they made Blue Ruin partly as a reaction to the typical American indie films doing the rounds at festivals. “I have a wife and a mortgage and kids, and yet my daily experience is more hectic and riveting than a lot of these American indie films!” Saulnier said. “They're about people moving apartments, or painting a wall. They were really mundane. I like escapism, I like thrills and chills.”
Saulnier lists the Coen brothers, Michael Mann and Clint Eastwood's The Unforgiven as their inspirations, and it's certainly possible to see hints of those in Blue Ruin. Yet Blue Ruin is far more than a homage or pastiche; the revenge scenario is a familiar one, yet the sense of vulnerability and realism in its central character - who's anything but the kind of callous assassin we're used to seeing in the genre - lends it a real freshness.
Blue Ruin is by no means the only indie thriller to have appeared in recent weeks, either. Late April saw the release of Locke, written and directed by Steven Knight. Tom Hardy stars as a mild-mannered everyman whose entire life begins to unravel during a motorway drive from Birmingham to London. Shot almost entirely in the utilitarian confines of the character's car, Locke's a dazzlingly lean and bold film, and like Blue Ruin, it's anchored by a superb central performance.
As Jeremy Saulnier points out, well-made thrillers are relatively uncommon in America these days, whether they come from major studios or from indie filmmakers. But the thriller remains a fertile ground for writers, actors and directors with skill and imagination, and has done for many years - directors as varied as Quentin Tarantino and Christopher Nolan got their start in the genre.
And while thrillers aren't as common a sight in cinemas as they once were, films like Blue Ruin and Locke remind us of the genre's nail-biting potential.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
If your company is seeking venture capital (VC) investment, it is important that you not only have all the elements of a great pitch, but that the language you use is the same as that of the your potential investors. Of course, you will need to describe what your company does — your path and your plan for future growth. Nonetheless, a great pitch must recognize that the entrepreneurial start-up world is full of jargon: “After all we are all leveraging hyperlocal onboarding tactics to capture the low-hanging fruit and capitalize on its excess capacity,” jokes Steven Corcoran, founder of lawnstarter.com (a current Techstars startup). But while shows like HBO's Silicon Valley and clips like Hardly Working: Start-up Guys on Business Insider mock start-up culture lingo — the truth is that in most cases it is wise to know and use the popular vocabulary. Below is a quick primer defining the most common start-up jargon:
Accelerator (aka Incubator) = Not part of a car as one might assume, but a center where start-ups are “incubated” through mentorship, space and sometimes cash.
Accredited Investor = A rich individual potentially interested in investing in your company. Or, more technically, according to the SEC: “A natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with spouse exceeding $300,000 for those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year; or A natural person who has individual net worth, or joint net worth with the person's spouse, that exceeds $1 million at the time of the purchase, excluding the value of the primary residence of such person.” What this means for your start-up is you must require potential investors to prove that they can afford to risk their money in your start-up, in order to comply with the law.
Advertorials / Advertainment = Paid content that is meant to look and feel like a real story or blog post. More people are fooled than you'd think – or as the “tainment” part implies, readers are interested enough that they don't care that they are being pitched. As display ad pricing and effectiveness have decreased, more companies are turning to advertorials to capture ad revenue.
Bleeding Edge = My favorite definition of this came from Quin Woodward Pu from OMA: “An extremely pretentious way of saying on the vanguard since every person in start-ups thinks they or they are there.”
Boot-Strapping = Using “friends and family” cash to get going. As Carey Martell, Founder of Power Up TV put it, “Boot-strapping a startup means ramen noodle days. Every time you want to splurge on something you think, ‘Well I could have that $20 steak dinner, or I could hire a virtual assistant from the Philippines.'” (See Ramen Profitable below).
B-to-B = Business to Business. Your company sells things to other companies.
B-to-C = Business to Consumer. Your company sells stuff to the masses.
Burn Rate (aka Run Rate) = How fast you are blowing through your cash. It's not unusual for a start-up to lose large sums of money for several years before breaking even, or — please oh please — making a profit. (See runway below).
Churn Rate = Customers lost subsequent to acquisition in a subscription-based business model. Because of the churn rate, your growth might not look like you think it will.
Cliff = Usually applies to vesting schedules (shares given to employees over time). Cliffs are a way for the CEO to fire employees or let them leave without giving them stock within a limited period of time (usually 1 year). Cliffs are also used on CEOs by investors to make sure the CEO sticks around after getting the cash.
Cottage Business/ Cottage Industry = A nice business but not something massively scalable. If you have one, you're not a good fit for VC, but this does not mean you should not pursue your dream or that you will not be very successful!
Deck (aka Pitch Deck) = A 10-slide PowerPoint presentation that covers all aspects of your business in a concise and compelling way. There is a standard format and real artistry to making a good deck. Do your homework, get lots of feedback, and consider hiring a graphic designer to polish the final version.
Disruptive Technology = Something that completely changes the way society does something (e.g. Uber/Lyft vs. Taxis or Amazon vs. in-store shopping).
Exit Strategy = How you will sell the company and make your investors lots of money. Who is going to buy you and why?
FMA = First Mover Advantage. Not every start-up is the first to market, but if you are, you want to point that out to investors. Be aware that this can be both a pro and con, as you may have to educate your market as you go, so the sales you make will cost more than they would in a market with clearly established demand.
Freemium = You give the basic product away for free and then try to upsell features to your customers. This marketing ploy is often used in directory businesses.
Gamify = Adding a game layer to a website or product experience that encourages people to use it with rewards of various kinds. People love games.
Growth Hacking = A term coined by Sean Ellis to describe a marketing technique that focuses on quickly finding scalable growth through non-traditional and inexpensive tactics such as the use of social media. (See Lean Start-Up below).
Hockey Stick = The shape of the growth curve VCs want to see and believe! This means your start-up will have to double sales every year.
IP = Intellectual Property. This can be a patent (costs $25k generally and takes time to obtain) or a secret sauce or formula like Coke. Not every start-up has IP, but if your business depends on it, you better protect it!
Iterate = Code for try something, do it wrong, and try it again in a slightly different way with the hopes of achieving a better result.
Launch = To start a company or push a website live. However, according to Mirta Desir, Co-founder & CEO of Smart Coos this term can be replaced by the word “activate,” as in “we activated in March.” [Insert eye roll here.]
Lean Startup = Similar to Growth Hacking. The core mission of a lean start-up is to prove the business concept as quickly and cheaply as possible. Learn more about this “movement” at Theleanstartup.com.
Leverage = Use something — technology, partnerships, etc. — to your advantage.
Loss Leader Pricing = Selling something at a loss as a form of marketing expense to bring in customers you expect repeat business from.
Low-Hanging Fruit = The easiest thing your company can do to bring cash in the door. Often hard to identify, but crucial for start-up success.
Market Penetration = How much of your potential market are you capturing and how quickly. VCs want to know. Do not say, “if we just capture 1% of the market we will…” – they want you getting a lot more than that.
Monetize = How you are making money — or more often, how you plan to make money.
MVP = Minimum Viable Product. The bare-bones version of a product required to achieve proof of concept. Often used in the creation of new software that will be Beta tested, and later upgraded with extra features.
Pivot = Change directions as a company. This is usually used to describe going after a different market segment or using an established technology for an entirely new purpose.
Ramen Profitable = Profitable enough to cover costs and basic living
expenses for everyone working at a startup.
Responsive Design = A site built for optimal viewing of a website across all devices. The other options are adaptive design and bad design. See this article for the distinctions.
ROI = Return On Investment. What the investor can expect to get for what they put in. It can also be used to describe the results of a particular marketing campaign's success. You want things to be “ROI positive.”
Runway = How long you have until the cash runs out and you must turn off the lights.
SaaS = Software As A Service. You sell subscriptions to use your software.
Scaleable = Something that can grow to a huge size because the market and demand is big enough or because you will be able to move into different markets with your product via Pivoting or Iterating (see above).
Sweat Equity = Shares of your company given in exchange for work done. This is a good recruiting tool to help you attract passionate talent you can't afford to pay at market rates.
Term Sheet = The document that outlines what the Investors will get for what they put in — including % ownership and voting rights. If you get a term sheet, you should get excited (and get a good lawyer).
Traction = Proof that people are actually buying and using your stuff.
Valuation = What your company is being valued at. “Pre-money valuation” is the value before you take investors' cash. “Post-money valuation” is that amount plus the investment put in.
Value Prop = The feature(s) or elements that make your business or product uniquely attractive to consumers.
Vaporware = A product you are selling but have not actually made (and may never make). It is a way to test market demand. Some people think it is sleazy, but it is very common.
VC = Venture Capital or Venture Capitalist. They have cash, but you might not want it.
Thanks to the following companies, who helped me compile this list of terms:
Much Better Adventures, Cloudways, UsersThink, legaladvice.com, sands-tech.com, beautystat.com. TechStartRadio.com, IM Creator, fitRaise Inc, Barters Closet , Coride.co, dolphinmicro.com
Have more essential words to add? Please leave them in the comments below.
“Eeeu.-.u...-..u…-...Whoa!”, remarks Big Mac.It's Big Mac's Mech. This is what chocolate does to my brain.. This image I could keep going with to do a proper version… And I think I will. I like this mech.But that'll mean tearing out the half-Equestria hill crap and the foreground everything.. Then redrawing all of it…Ah, it can wait…. Here's the lo-res speedy version for now.It's called the 'Hellshock'Other MechsLuna's Mech -> Night Wraith [link] Lyra's Mech -> Lyrian Brawler [link] Rainbow Dash's Mech -> Thunderbow [link] Derpy's Mech -> Crossfire [link] Big Mac's Mech -> Hellshock [link] Applejack's Mech -> Chaos Maul [link] Fluttershy's Mech -> Razorwing [link] Pinkie Pie's Mech -> Overkill [link] Twilight's Mech -> Adjudicator [link] COSPLAY OF BIG MAC's MECH -> [link] by So much effort gone into this! An amazing job!Explanation of the image.Celestia happens to be drinking a ‘Moon Shooter', which is their special combination of headache tablets, stomach antacid, ginger, lemon and a viciously strong calmative. Often times, Celestia may call it the Moon Shoota, or in haste and anguish, the-Moon-Shoot-her!, which is generally associated with how perturbed they are from Luna's behavior.Applejack is preparing a celebratory bottle to be broken over the mecha's foot in a traditional launching ceremony for this particular, ‘Princesses creation'. The glass container contains a deep red liquid the precise colour of blood. Twilight knowingly spots the item and half hisses and yells to Applejack, swinging a hoof wildly back past their neck in the ‘stop it' signal, “Icks nay on the..- ‘Tomato Sauce' ey!”Luna hearing the odd speech guesses at it's meaning, “Shall we not break the traditional vial of blu-“. Luna observes Twilight pretend severing their own head with a catatonically distressed look. They continue, “… I mean bottle of demo-.n.-..,oh, ‘Tomato' - sauce over it's foot?”Celestia unobservant and petulant speaks to Twilight whilst gulping her, ‘Moon Shooter', “You said, Luna designed t-h-i-s model? It looks like a summoned demon. I'd expect it of Nightmare Moon.”“Ah, well, funny you should say that.”, says Twilight nervously tugging at an imaginary collar.Celestia twists about with their patented look of disapproval.“hee.. hee… er, just joking..”, says a withdrawing Twilight.Twilight begins the countdown until Celestia's calmative kicks in…'10…9…8…'
Copyright by KXRM - All rights reserved Lake Pueblo State Park / FOX21 News file photo
Copyright by KXRM - All rights reserved Lake Pueblo State Park / FOX21 News file photo
Colorado Parks and Wildlife - PUEBLO, Colo. -- Lake Pueblo State Park has seen an increase in floating debris and driftwood along the shoreline this summer, due to high reservoir and river flow levels.
Between July 24 and August 9, driftwood found in the North Picnic and South Marina shorelines ONLY may be taken for personal use by acquiring a free permit. No live or standing dead trees may be gathered.
"We are asking members of the public to assist the park in removing this driftwood, as it impedes our mowing operations on the road shoulders of the North Picnic day-use area," said Park Operations Manager Brian Kerrigan.
"Additionally, a large, unsightly, pile of driftwood has accumulated at the South Marina shoreline, which could potentially be a public safety hazard, if left unmitigated," they said.
A free permit, along with a parks pass, is required to collect driftwood inside the park. A limited number of driftwood gathering permits are available and can be obtained at the Lake Pueblo State Park Visitor Center between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m., seven days a week.
The permits will be issued on a first-come, first-serve basis. There will be only 30 permits issued, so please call ahead to check availability. Each permit will include a map that shows where the wood may be gathered.
"We would like to give the members of the public a chance to obtain free driftwood before we dispose of it," Kerrigan said.
Depending on the response, the park may extend the collection period, but this is yet to be determined.
For questions or further information, call the Lake Pueblo State Park Visitor Center at 719-561-9320.
The Uno electric scooter is a unique beast: an electric scooter that looks like a mini-motorcycle and folds up into a Segway-like scooter balanced on two wheels.
A prototype of the Uno III, the latest invention from BPG Motors, will be on display at the Consumer Electronics Show, its first public showing. It's aimed at urban dwellers, most likely in Europe, where there is a strong culture around motorcycles and scooters, said BPG Motors CEO Brad Harkavy.
The company plans to begin producing these electric scooters in limited quantities in about a year with mass production planned after that, according to Harkavy. It will be priced similarly to how high-end Vespa scooters are, which cost between $4,000 and $7,000, they said.
The Uno III is styled like a high-performance racing motorcycle but it's much better suited for getting around town than around the race track. Its top speed is limited by scooter regulations at about 35 miles per hour and its range is 30 miles.
But the Uno has some unusual features that its designers hope will add to its cachet and utility.
Most dramatically, it works in two modes. In its "motorcycle" driving mode, it operates like a typical electric scooter.
Its self-balancing mode, enabled by a gyroscopic control system, is when the front wheel pulls back off the floor and tucks itself in between two rear wheels. That unicycle-like mode gives it a three-foot turning radius and makes the scooter nimble enough to move in tight spaces.
The owner could, for example, bring the Uno into an elevator and store it inside or operate in city centers where there are a lot of pedestrians, said Harkavy. A driver can shift from self-balancing to driving mode while the scooter is moving.
The two rear wheels have their own suspension and electric motors, giving the driver better driving control when in motorcycle mode, according to the company.
Started as high school science project
In the car-heavy culture of the U.S., scooters and electric bikes appeal to a small niche of drivers. But in other parts of the world, two-wheelers are far more common, making them good candidates for electrification.
By some estimates, there are already 120 million electric bikes in China, a vehicle segment that has grown rapidly in the past decade.
BPG Motors was founded by Benjamin Gulak who, when in high school, decided to start building a cleaner electric scooter after a trip to China, where dirty two-stroke scooters are common. It became a high school science project and then a company in 2008. It was funded in 2009 by private investors.
Its scooter is less polluting than a gasoline-powered scooter because it's electric, but the designers are clearly trying to make it cool as well.
The Uno III is actually the third vehicle produced by BPG Motors in the space of about 18 months. Previous designs, which brought a good deal of media interest, had the self-balancing mode but did not fold out as fully as the Uno III or have the same styling.
In the last few years, a handful of companies has formed to develop electric motorcycles and scooters, but these products are still trying to get a real foothold in the U.S. Harkavy expects to find initial interest for its scooter with trend-setters in the U.S., such as celebrities, but a more receptive audience in Europe.
"We're definitely focused on the urban scooter buyer but someone looking for more unique vehicles and something quite stylish," they said.
As sheriff of Maricopa County, Ariz., Joe Arpaio engaged in blatant racial discrimination. Their officers systematically targeted Latinos, often arresting them on spurious charges and at least sometimes beating them up when they questioned those charges. Read the report from the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, and prepare to be horrified.
Once Latinos were arrested, bad things happened to them. Many were sent to Tent City, which Arpaio themselves proudly called a “concentration camp,” where they lived under brutal conditions, with temperatures inside the tents sometimes rising to 145 degrees.
And when they received court orders to stop these practices, they simply ignored them, which led to their eventual conviction — after decades in office — for contempt of court. But they had friends in high places, indeed in the highest of places. We now know that Donald Trump tried to get the Justice Department to drop the case against Arpaio, a clear case of attempted obstruction of justice. And when that ploy failed, Trump, who had already suggested that Arpaio was “convicted for doing their job,” pardoned him.
By the way, about “doing their job,” it turns out that Arpaio's officers were too busy rounding up brown-skinned people and investigating President Barack Obama's birth certificate to do other things, like investigate cases of sexually abused children. Priorities!
About
DEUTSCH
1947 begann in den USA die Entwicklung eines Nachfolgemodells des M7, auch „Priest“ genannt. Aus Gründen der Standardisierung entschied man sich, in nicht unerheblichem Umfang, Baugruppen des Spähpanzers M41 „Walker Bulldog“ zu verwenden. Vorerst mit der Bezeichnung T99E1 ging dieses Modell 1952 in Produktion. Erst 1953 erhielt das Gerät seine endgültige Bezeichnung M44 und dann später M44A1. Dies geschah aufgrund mehrerer Verbesserungen.
Unsere Barbara ist eine M44A1 und hat eine wohl eher ungewöhnliche Geschichte hinter sich. Soweit wir es wissen wurde 1957/58 Barbara an Deutschland verkauft. Bis etwa 1965 war die M44 im Dienst. Danach wurden die meisten Panzer ihrer Art verschrottet oder als Hartziele auf den Übungsplätzen eingesetzt. Unser Panzer wurde als Sockelpanzer verwendet. Er tilgte ein Leben voll „unbewegtheit“. Die Kaserne wurde geschlossen und er wurde dort vergessen. Irgendwann fiel es jemandem auf. Kurz bevor Barbara auch auf einen Übungsplatz kommen sollte, entschied sich das Museum den Panzer in Obhut zu nehmen. Der einsetzende Zerfall wurde versucht aufzuhalten. Der Motor wurde konserviert und der Rost überstrichen. Der Panzer wurde stillgelegt und steht seitdem auf seinem Platz im Museum.
„Die Arbeit hat bittere Wurzeln, aber süße Frucht“ Aristoteles
Anfang des Jahres 2015 sind wir auf die Hobbykommandanten und den Förderverein des Deutschen Panzermuseum Munster aufmerksam geworden. Wir, die wir beruflich sowieso täglich mit der Artillerie zu tun haben, sahen uns in der Verantwortung uns um den Bereich Artillerie im Museum zu kümmern. Gerade mit dem ältesten Stück der Bundeswehr, der M44, haben wir uns verbunden gefühlt. Schnell war der Entschluss gefasst Barbara zum laufen zu bringen. Mit der Erlaubniss der Lehrsammlung fingen wir an einen Sachstand festzustellen. Es wurde klar das der äußere Eindruck täuschte. Die Zeit, die der Panzer als Sockelpanzer fristete hinterließ schlimme Spuren. Doch der Zustand des Antriebs und des Laufwerks hat uns Hoffnung gemacht.
„Wer sich entschieden hat, etwas zu tun, und an nichts anderes denkt, überwindet alle Hindernisse.“ Giacomo Casanova
Täglich besuchten wir die M44 und bereiteten alles darauf vor den Motor und das Getriebe auf die Entnahme vorzubereiten. Mit Hilfe der Community, die Barbara durch unsere Öffentlichkeitsarbeit mittlerweile hatte, haben wir uns Dokumente über den Panzer organisiert die in Deutschland schon lange nicht mehr verfügbar waren. Wir erstellten Zeitpläne um sicherzustellen wann wir welche Ziele erreichen wollten. Außerdem überlegten wir uns, was wir brauchen würden um diese Ziele zu erreichen. Diese Maßnahme bei Kickstarter war für uns ein logischer Schritt.
„Für Wunder muss man beten, für Veränderungen arbeiten." Thomas von Aquin
Was oder wofür unterstützt ihr uns? Wir fassen kurz und bündig zusammen! Wir wollen den Anrieb aus dem Panzern nehmen und Instand setzten. Wir wollen den Panzer aus dem Museum nehmen und in seine, noch so kleinen, Bestandteile zerlegen. Wir wollen alle Teile die dem Panzer fehlen orginalgetreu nachbauen lassen. Wir wollen alle Teile sandstrahlen und neu lackieren um den Zerfall, der unter dem Lack weiterging, aufzuhalten. Wir wollen, bis zum Stahl auf der Heide September 2017, den Motor und das Getriebe zum laufen bringen um Ihn euch dort zu zeigen. Wir wollen, bis zum Stahl auf der Heide September 2018, den Panzer komplett restauriert haben um Ihn euch dort vorzuführen. Wir wollen den Panzer nicht nur mechanisch Instand setzten, sondern auch sein Hydraulik und seine Elektronik.
„Ich bin nicht entmutigt, denn jeder erkannte Irrtum ist ein weiterer Schritt nach vorn.“ Thomas Edison
Das Geld was hier zusammen kommt geht eins zu eins an den Förderverein des deutschen Panzermuseums Munster. Dieser und die Lehrsammlung sind nämlich die Schirmherren dieses Projekts. Dort verbleibt es mit dem einzigen Verwendungszweck M44.
Die Geräte die wir unter anderem für unser Projekt kaufen müssen bleiben dem Museum erhalten und helfen so auch bei anderen Projekten. So ist euere Spende doppelt so wichtig. Helft uns, Barbara zu helfen! Ihr könnt uns nicht finanziell helfen? Das ist egal! Teilt es mit euren Freunden macht auf das Projekt aufmerksam das hilft uns auch! Verfolgt das Projekt auf Facebook.
Mit freundlichen Grüßen euer Team „Barbara muss fahren“
ENGLISCH
In 1947, the USA began developing of the successor model of the M7, codename "Priest". To keep things simple, they decided to use modules of the M41 “Walker Bulldog” in a substantial amount. First named T99E1, it went in production in 1952. Finally, in 1953, the unit got its final designation M44, subsequently renamed M44A1 after several improvements.
Barbara, our M44A1, has had a rather unusual history. While we aren't sure, we think Barbara was sold to Germany in 1957-58 and was in active duty until about 1965. After that date most tanks of their kind were scrapped or used as hard targets on the training grounds. Our tank was used as a pedestal tank. They had a life full of “stillness”. The barracks were closed and they were forgotten, left on their own to gather dust. Eventually, someone remembered about them Shortly before Barbara was due to become a practice target, the Museum decided to offer them a new home, and tried to stop the onset of decomposition. The engine has been preserved and the rust was swept. The tank was decommissioned and since then has been part of the museum's exhibition.
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.” - Aristoteles
In early 2015, we became aware of the “hobby commanders” and the Friends of the „Deutsches Panzermuseum Munster“, and since we are soldiers working with artillery professionally everyday anyway, we felt the responsibility to take care of this section of the museum's exhibition. Especially with the M44, the oldest part of artillery history in the Bundeswehr, we felt a connection. Quickly the idea was born to bring Barbara back to life so that one day they could drive again.
With permission from the Museum, we started to determine what needs to be done to achieve that. It quickly became obvious that the exterior appearance had fooled us. The long time the tank has existed as a pedestal tank left terrible scars under the many layers of paint. However, the promising condition of the drivetrain and the tracks still gave us hope. Every day we visited the M44 and prepared them for the removal of the engine and transmission. A community has formed around Barbara and their rehabilitation, and with the community's help, we have found documents about the tank which were no longer available in Germany.
We created a schedule to set goals that we want to achieve within our desired timeframe. In addition, we thought about what it would take to achieve these goals. A community Kickstarter was the logical step for us, after we were overwhelmed with the interest in our restoration project.
"For a miracle you must pray, for changes you must work." Thomas Aquinas
We ask for your support to achieve the following goals: to take the drivetrain out of the tank and maintenance it to take the tank out of the Museum and disassemble it into its individual components, no matter how small to fabricate all the missing parts from scratch to sandblast all parts to stop the disintegration which continued under the paint get the engine and the transmission running in time for “Stahl auf der Heide” 2017 have Barbara restored completely, ideally by “Stahl auf der Heide” 2018 or, at the latest 2019, so we can show them there.
"I am not discouraged, because every recognized error is another step forward." Thomas Edison
All money from the Kickstarter goes directly to the Friends of the German Tank Museum Munster, the museum's official fund. They and the “teaching collection” are in fact the patrons of this project, and hold the money solely for the purpose of restoring M44. All the tools and parts we need to acquire for our project will remain property of the Museum and help with other tank projects. This means that your donations are twice as important. Help us to help Barbara! If you aren't able to help us financially, even sharing this with your friends would help us as well. Please follow our project on Facebook!
Sincerely your team "Barbara has to drive"
On the MH17 response, Mr Brown said Australia's military planners "worked up options" for Mr Abbott to send as much as a brigade – about 3000 soldiers – onto Russia's doorstep to help secure the crash site, though this would have included a contribution of Dutch forces. Australia's relationship with Russia was strained after Tony Abbott led condemnation of Vladimir Putin's actions in Ukraine. Credit:Reuters Previously it has been reported Mr Abbott flagged sending up to 1000 Australian troops to provide protection. In the end, Australia quietly deployed about 200 special forces soldiers in a low-key role supporting police investigators. But Mr Brown, who is now research director at the US Studies Centre at the University of Sydney, has also written that "further curious military proposals were floated by staff from the prime minister's office" including one that would have had Australian troops effectively involved in the conflict between pro-Ukrainian and pro-Kremlin forces. "One of them – to commit uniformed Australian military logistics personnel to help the Ukrainians improve their own systems – seemed to ignore that this would make them legitimate targets for separatists fighting in Eastern Ukraine," they said.
Mr Brown, who is also Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's son-in-law, called for the creation of a national security council to better advise the government and also for greater "democratic accountability" on defence issues. Australian Federal Police and their Dutch counterparts searching at the MH17 crash site. Credit:Kate Geraghty "This concentration of war powers in the hands of the prime minister, when combined with the institutional shortcomings, creates potential problems in decision-making that could cost lives. There are very few checks and balances," they said. Mr Brown used the Abbott example as part of a ruthless dissection of the superficial way Australia's political system and public debates deal with war. James Brown with their father-in-law, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, at Government House last year. Credit:Andrew Meares
They said Mr Abbott wanted to use the Australian Defence Force to make Australia a muscular middle power but concluded their approach was "problematic – chaotic even" and could have "exposed Australian troops to substantial danger in pursuit of lofty objectives misaligned with national interests". With the risk of conflict in Asia a real possibility, Australia needs to hone its decision-making process for going to war, Mr Brown said, calling for the creation of a "national security council" made up of "the best and brightest strategic thinkers". They said the Australian public's view of going to war had been shaped by the controversial 2003 commitment to Iraq, and this had tainted perceptions of the US role in Asia, including the stationing of American marines in Darwin. There was a "dangerous naivety" in Australia's thinking that it would not be affected by the massive strategic changes under way in Asia, they said. "It seems to me that many Australians want to default to the role of bystander, particularly when it comes to the changing power balances in Asia, and the role of the United States."
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven Gerrard's Liverpool under-19 team kept themselves well on course for the last 16 of the UEFA Youth League with an oh-so-comfortable 3-0 victory over Maribor at Prenton Park.
First-half goals from Curtis Jones and Ben Woodburn via the penalty spot and a late strike from substitute Glen McAuley earned a victory that should have been much greater in margin.
Liverpool set up with three at the back in a 3-4-3 with Woodburn in centre midfield and Jones, Liam Millar and Bobby Adenakye in the front three.
Maribor though should have been ahead within two minutes. Camacho lost possession and a throughball found Kukovec Nino far too easily but their effort was horribly sliced.
Gerrard's team responded quickly though and were ahead within four minutes.
Jones cut in from the left and their shot from the edge of the area took a crucial deflection to take it past Canjko Tibor in the visitors' goal.
Liverpool extended their lead on 11 minutes. A good cross from Camacho on the right found Liam Millar and as they shaped to shoot they were dragged down by Zgajner Blaz. Woodburn stepped up and made no mistake from the spot.
The Reds were occasionally a little open at the back but looked like they had plenty of goals in them at the other end.
(Image: Nick Taylor/Liverpool FC/Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
Bobby Adekanye fired over from a good Millar cut back while the same player was then brought down when going in on goal by Blaz. The referee saw no foul, having previously booked Blaz for the penalty.
A lovely interchange between Jones and Eddie Tagseth got Adekanye in again but a low curling effort was just the wrong side of the far post while Jones and Woodburn combined to see the former fire over.
Adekanye's pace latched on to Millar's lovely flick but from a narrow angle they should have squared to the waiting Tagseth who had a tap-in. Instead, keeper Canjko Tibor was able to save.
Maribor were poor at clearing their lines and Rafa Camacho got forward well to pick up a loose ball but their shot was too high.
(Image: Nick Taylor/Liverpool FC/Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
The second half brought more of the same with Liverpool camped in the Maribor half and simply trying to find a way through.
Rafa Camacho came close with a superb effort from a narrow angle while a lovely run from Adekanye ended with a left-foot shot which was beaten away by Tibor.
Millar looked to have extended Liverpool's lead on 67 minutes when turning home Rafa Camacho's cross but a late offside flag meant their joy was shortlived.
Liverpool's profligacy in front of goal almost cost them with 12 minutes left. A Maribor corner dropped in the box and Nino's shot was goalbound until blocked by a combination of George Johnston and keeper Kamil Grabara.
A lovely Herbie Kane pass put Camacho - who had a good game at right wing-back - away and their cutback was put over by substitute McAuley.
The Irishman wasn't to be denied, though, finishing with authority when Tagseth's cross from the left was only half-cleared in the last five minutes.
Masterson's excellent tackle on Nuno kept the clean sheet intact and it goes in the books as a good win for Gerrard's team. They will know though that it should have been even more comprehensive.
LIVERPOOL: Grabara, Camacho, Tagseth, Masterson, Williams, Johnston, Jones (Dixon-Bonner 88), Kane, Millar (McAuley 74), Woodburn, Adekanye (Longstaff 78).
Another 'Gay' Man Thrown From Building, Stoned to Death by ISIS
The self-proclaimed Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has posted photos purporting to be of a man who was thrown off of a building and stoned to death for "having practiced sodomy," U.K.-based Pink News is reporting.
The man, whose name was not disclosed, was reportedly pushed from the top of the highest building in a town somewhere in ISIS-controlled Syria or Iraq as part of a sentence handed down by a so-called Islamic court.
The other part of their sentence for their alleged "sodomy" was to have a crowd of people kill them by stoning. It was not immediately clear if the man died as a result of the fall or of the stoning. Stoning is often carried out by the stacking of large, heavy rocks on top of a person's body until they are crushed to death. Less common is the throwing of rocks at a condemned person. It is not yet known which method was employed in this killing.
According to the U.K.'s Mirror newspaper, a statement issued on a Jihadist website was accompanied by photos of the man as they were being thrown from what appears to be a two- or three-story building. The statement read, "The Islamic court in Wilayet al-Furat [a frontier land straddling Syria and Iraq] decided that a man who has practiced sodomy must be thrown off the highest point in the city."
Less than two weeks ago, a 20-year-old man was killed in Mayadeen, in the Deir Ezzor province of Syria, and an 18-year-old was stoned to death in the city of Deir Ezzor for being gay, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The men were known opponents of ISIS, and their supporters say ISIS had used the allegation that they were gay as justification to execute them.
In a September recruitment video, ISIS militants lumped gays in with pedophiles and drug addicts as threats from Western society to children of pious Muslims.
"Who is gonna teach your children?" asks a fighter in the video. "It's gonna be maybe a gay, maybe a drug dealer, maybe a pedophile. You know? So it's very important for you to protect your children from these animals, from these dirty people. ... Allah says that they are the worst of creatures. You prefer to live among the worst of creatures than live among the mujaheddin[?] ... Make your decision."
AsianScientist (Jun. 28, 2016) – Professor Zeng Qingcun from the Institute of Atmospheric Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, has received the 61st International Meteorological Organization Prize. Zeng is the third Chinese citizen to win this award.
The award, provided by the World Meteorological Organization, recognized Zeng for their contributions to satellite meteorological remote-sensing theory, numerical weather prediction theory, meteorological disaster prevention, and the earth system model.
Zeng, a member of the Institute of Atmospheric Physics since 1966, also served as its director from 1984 to 1993. They were the director of the State Key Laboratory of Atmospheric Sciences and Geophysical Fluid Dynamics from 1985 to 1993, and founded the International Center for Climate and Environment Sciences in 1995. They were made an Honorary Member of the American Meteorological Society in 2014.
The International Meteorological Organization Prize is the most important award in meteorology. It is awarded annually to scientists who have made outstanding contributions to meteorology, hydrology and geophysical sciences.
———
Source: Chinese Academy of Sciences; Photo: Institute of Atmospheric Physics.
Disclaimer: This article does not necessarily reflect the views of AsianScientist or its staff.
Think of it as the antithesis of a campaign song.
While Donald Trump blasted R.E.M.'s 1987 hit It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine) at their most recent rally, a group of more than a dozen Latin-American artists - lead by Emilio Estefan - have joined forces to record a track specifically for the GOP presidential candidate.
Called We're All Mexican, the song is a reaction to the controversial and now-infamous speech about their stance on immigration, Estefan told Billboard.
The anti-Trump tune will feature the likes of wife Gloria Estefan, Shakira, Carlos Santana, Wyclef Jean and a host of other Latin-American artists, all singing out in solidarity.
Scroll down for video
'We're All Mexican': The anti-Trump tune - spearhead by Emilio Estefan (left with wife Gloria) and to be released this month - will feature about a dozen artists singing out in solidarity as a reaction to Trumps now-infamous June speech about the Mexico border
Group effort: The song will also feature the likes of proud Latin-Americans Shakira and Pepe Aguilar
Estefan has recruited a team of their good friends, such as Mexican-born American singer Carlos Santana
Singing out in solidarity: Wisin (left) and Thalia (right) will also appear on We're All Mexican
'(It is) a celebration of Hispanics and our accomplishments,' Estefan told Billboard.
'Trump doesn't represent anything to me.
'Everyone has their own opinion, and they can have any opinion they want, as long as they don't humiliate my people.'
Estefan, who has won 19 Grammy awards, is not so much a protest, but a representation of the progression of Hispanic people.
'There's a message being sent out to the world where people are giving opinions that are plain wrong,' Estefan said.
'We need to lift up our pride and show the world what we're doing.'
Estefan continued:'(We're all Mexican) is not so much an answer to the real-estate developer turned Republican candidate as it is an answer to the sentiment that we've progressed (as Hispanics) and we need to let people know that..
'I want to send a message that represents unity.'
The song is slated to be released later this month.
It will also feature Thalia, Pepe Aguilar and Wisin.
Radio personality Enrique Santos and Spanish American chef Jose Andres will rap on the song.
Estefan told Billboard they have known Trump for 'many, many years'.
The Cuban-American was inspired to bring their peers together for the song after the widely-reported comments Trump made in June when they announced their presidential run.
Emilio and Gloria Estefan attend the opening night of Finding Neverland in New York on April 15, 2015
Trump said: When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best
'They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems (to) us.
'They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime.
'They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.'
'Go f*** yourselves: Lead singerof R.E.M., Michael Stipe, was furious over Donald Trump's decision to use one of the band's most loved its as their entrance music for a Washington rally on Wednesday
However Estefan isn't the only Musician to get on the wrong side of Trump.
R.E.M slammed Trump this week for using one of their songs during their entrance at a Washington rally.
The controversial candidate entered the Stop the Iran Deal Rally on Wednesday to the tune of It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine), but the band members could not have been less 'fine' about it.
While the official statement about the use of the 1987 hit was more toned down, lead singer Michael Stipe unleashed their wrath via Twitter.
'Go f*** yourselves, the lot of you – you sad, attention grabbing, power-hungry little men,' they said, via the Twitter account of bassist Mike Mills.
'Do not use our music of my voice for your moronic charade of a campaign.'
Stipe, 56, had previously tweeted: 'Personally, I think the Orange Clown will do anything for attention. I hate giving it to him.'
New Delhi should declare Roms as a national minority of Indian origin, as it has nothing to lose by admitting that these are people of Indian descent, feels Jovan Damjanovic the president of the World Roma Organisation- Rromanipen.
The Roma are gypsies who are believed to trace their origin to nomadic communities like the Dom, Banjara, Gujjar, Sansi, Chauhan and Sikligar from the North West parts of India.
Damjanovic who is in the Capital to attend a three-day conference on the international Roma community being organised by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) in collaboration with the Antar Rashtriya Sahayog Parishad Bharat (ARSPB) told Hindustan Times in an exclusive interview that recognition from the Indian authorities will be the first step towards countering the negative perceptions about the Roms.
Mainly concentrated in Central, Eastern and Southern parts of Europe, the Roms are counted among the most discriminated people in the world and considered as people with criminal propensity.
“We are expecting after all these years India should recognise the Roms as Indian national minority. There is anthropological and physical evidence that we belong to India. Indians could win at cultural, economical and political level by accepting the origins of these 12-15 million people,” Damjanovic told HT.
Damjanovic who has been a Minister Without Portfolio, in the Government of Serbia was critical of the European Union for failing to stem the discrimination faced by the Roms in several countries, including forced eviction.
“European countries have double standards, while they welcome refugees from one country, they are treating Roma people in a different way. They are not making a mistake; they are doing it on purpose. All member states of the UN are compelled to host refugees from any country, but for Roma the rules are different,” they said.
On the allegations that Roma is not keen on assimilation and integration, and prefer to remain in ghettos and on the margins, they said it is a deliberate attempt at creating misinformation about the community. “All Roms are models of integration everywhere they are given an opportunity, the truth is that we are excluded. We have the Indian spirit of respect and integration.”
To change the perceptions about Roms and to create an atmosphere of inclusion, where equal rights can be afforded to the community, Damjanovic said governments and the international community has to treat them seriously as nation of culture and not as a social problem.
“We need to open the door for dialogue, leading to the solution within framework of existing legal provisions. We also need patience, commitment and political will,” they underlined.
The three-day conference being inaugurated by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on February 12 is aimed at connecting the Roms with sister communities in India especially in the states like Rajasthan and Punjab.
The conference seeks to study political, social and economic challenges being faced by the Roma community in different countries and to examine existing constitutional safeguards available to them; to review the existing scholarly studies and literature on the connections of Roma with India and for creating awareness within India about them and to encourage more research about Roma/Sinti cultural roots in renowned institutions in India.
There is also a proposal to set up scholarships for Roma students for their higher studies in India and to re-establish cultural links and promote cultural studies among the Roma youth spread across many countries.
“India is committed to all people of Indian origin, we celebrate their cultural links. Such conferences help us to understand and create awareness,” Ambassador C Rajasekhar, director general of ICCR said.
In India conferences on the Roma people have been held in the past as well; the first Roma conference was organised in1976 in Chandigarh which was attended by the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi; they also inaugurated in 1983 the International Roma Cultural Festival. In February 2001, 33 Roma scholars and representatives from 12 countries attended a conference where they interacted with former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
First Published: Feb 12, 2016 01:33 IST
WASHINGTON — Concerned that the missile defense system designed to protect American cities is insufficient by itself to deter a North Korean attack, the Trump administration is expanding its strategy to also try to stop Pyongyang's missiles before they get far from Korean airspace.
The new approach, hinted at in an emergency request to Congress last week for $4 billion to deal with North Korea, envisions the stepped-up use of cyberweapons to interfere with the North's control systems before missiles are launched, as well as drones and fighter jets to shoot them down moments after liftoff. The missile defense network on the West Coast would be expanded for use if everything else fails.
In interviews, defense officials, along with top scientists and senior members of Congress, described the accelerated effort as a response to the unexpected progress that North Korea has made in developing intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of delivering a nuclear bomb to the continental United States.
“It is an all-out effort,” said Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the top Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee, who returned from a lengthy visit to South Korea last month convinced that the United States needed to do far more to counter North Korea. “There is a fast-emerging threat, a diminishing window, and a recognition that we can't be reliant on one solution.”
The Konami that created classic arcade and console series like Contra, Gradius, Castlevania, Metal Gear Solid, and Silent Hill continues its slow descent into an almost unrecognizable company this week, with word that it is now focusing on mobile phones as its "main platform."
The information comes from a NeoGAF translation of a Japanese interview with new Konami President Hideki Hayakawa, which seems to line up with a machine translation of the original Nikkei Trendy Net piece. In the translation, Hayakawa says that Konami will "pursue mobile games aggressively," and that "gaming has spread to a number of platforms, but at the end of the day, the platform that is always closest to us is mobile. Mobile is where the future of gaming lies."
"We hope that our overseas games such as Metal Gear Solid V and Winning Eleven continue to do well, but we are always thinking about how to push our franchises onto mobile there, too," Hayakawa continued. "With multiplatform games, there's really no point in dividing the market into categories anymore. Mobile will take on the new role of linking the general public to the gaming world."
Hayakawa goes on to say that the company will be strongly pursuing a "pay-as-you-play model" like the one that has seen success in the Winning Eleven and Power Pro sports series. "Our games must move from selling things like 'items' to selling things like 'features.'"
While a few console titles likeandwill continue to drip onto consoles from Konami, the home gaming market doesn't seem to be Konami's main focus anymore.
Word of the shift in focus comes after a few weeks of troubling news from the Japanese publisher, including apparent friction with Metal Gear Solid maker Hideo Kojima, a delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, and the baffling removal of acclaimed horror demo P.T. from the PlayStation Network. The company also announced in March that it was restructuring to a "headquarters-controlled system" that would be "capable of responding to the rapid market changes that surround our digital entertainment business."
Konami's apparent shift follows news from earlier this year that another major Japanese publisher of old, Sega/Sammy, would be restructuring to focus on the PC/mobile market, cutting hundreds of jobs in the process. While Sega and some of its subsidiary studios are still working on console games, those games won't be featured heavily at E3, where Sega will not be hosting a booth for the first time in the show's history.
People just won't shut up about the Robotech movie. Obviously, I'm not talking about the Cannon movie of the 1980s – I'm talking about the one Hollywood is really going to make any day now.
This year is the 10th anniversary of the Hollywood Robotech movie being “in the works” and what a ride it's been. Every couple of years a new name pops up as being attached to this very real project that's going to happen very soon. Meanwhile, that new Voltron cartoon did really well, attracted a lot of fans and basically provided a blueprint for what a great Robotech reboot could look like but, nah, those Hollywood lights are callin'.
Just the other day Sony (who has been putting Robotech on the “fast track” for a year or two, now) announced director Andy Muschietti is attached. Once upon a time, Tobey Maguire was attached. Then Leonardo DiCaprio was attached, maybe. The guy who wrote G.I. Joe: Rise of Cobra was attached, too. San Diego Comic Con is this weekend, so more news might drop at the Robotech panel Thursday night. Perhaps, finally, the future is now.
Probably not, though.
But idle speculation on what's sure to be a disappointing Hollywood adaption (IF IT GETS MADE) is boring and you don't call on me to talk about anything new and relevant – so let's talk about the old Robotech movie instead.
Sadly, Robotech the Movie: The Untold Story doesn't show up in the fantastic Cannon Films documentary, Electric Boogaloo. That's a shame because it sounds like it was an absolute nightmare of a production. With a limited budget that wouldn't allow for live-action (we'd have been so lucky) or new animation, Cannon and Harmony Gold decided to adapt Megazone 23 (1985), the first big “hit” of the OVA format. Megazone 23 wasn't a bad choice, because not only was it a great movie but it shared lots of production staff with the original shows used adapted for Robotech. Perhaps the low-budget production could be saved by science. The science of splicing unrelated cartoons together.
Megazone 23 was created by Noburo Ishiguro's Artland studio in conjunction with design studio ARTMIC. As a result, it feels a lot like the ARTLAND-produced Super Dimension Fortress Macross and the ARTMIC-designed Genesis Climber MOSPEADA that formed the first and third parts of Robotech, respectively. It also had lots of familiar names on the staff list, including Macross alums Ishiguro (direction), Haruhiko Mikimoto (character design), Toshihiro Hirano (character design, animation), Ichiro Itano (animation) and MOSPEADA alums Shinji Aramaki and Hideki Kakinuma (mechanical design). Megazone 23 also took the familiar “boy finds experimental robot” story to some unusual places. There were aliens, sure, but the government was just as bad and the video's ambiguous ending wasn't something you'd typically find in a show selling transforming toys to kids.
Anyways, with all that shared staff, Megazone 23 looked to slot perfectly into the gaps between Robotech's chapters. The original intent was to set the film during the “Macross Saga,” which would have fit a lot better with the original OVA's contemporary '80s setting. Problems arose when Cannon producers complained about the film's lack of action, resulting in recycled animation from Super Dimension Cavalry Southern Cross being thrown in with an entirely new ending animated with a more upbeat ending. The story was shuffled around and the film's setting was moved to just prior to Robotech's second chapter, “The Robotech Masters.” Of course, neither Southern Cross nor that new ending really looked like the rest of Megazone 23.
The film's rewrites were on such a hasty schedule that the production bible had entire plot points and sentences crossed out and rewritten by hand. But Cannon was happy, so happy that in a company screening an exec reportedly shouted “Now THAT'S a Cannon film!” as the credits rolled.
The film had test screenings in Texas that were a total disaster because even with severe edits, only a fool would show Megazone 23 to 8-year olds. It was also completed in 1986, which was an awful year for Cannon. The company scraped by thanks to a $75 million bailout from Warner Brothers, but a hacked together cartoon that tested poorly probably wasn't a great release to focus on.
Harmony Gold and Carl Macek were reportedly so embarrassed by the film that they blocked the release of it on home video in the U.S., which really says something. Maybe they just didn't have all the rights to release it themselves.
Still, copies escaped and circulated through underground fan circles in the ‘80s and ‘90s. If you were lucky, your copy also came with a nth-generation Carl Macek interview filmed in a poorly-lit room where they recounted the “Now that's a CANNON film!” anecdote.
The epilogue to all of this is that decades later at a Megazone 23 fan event in Japan, Ishiguro got the chance to see the ending commissioned for Robotech the Movie for the first time. Apparently, they were entirely unaware of its existence prior to the screening. Wild.
To Harmony Gold, I say keep on ignoring the Voltron reboot and other great cartoons coming out these days that succeed because they don't cater to an ever-dwindling fan base. Bring on more doughy plastic toys based on artwork you've spent decades trying to improve or replace, but couldn't. Bring on your new Robotech film with computer-generated Veritech fighters that look nothing like the VF-1 because of legal issues. It certainly can't be any worse.
Parts of this article were borrowed and inspired by an article I wrote for Topless Robot (RIP) called The 11 Biggest Mistakes In Robotech‘s History.
Obama makes late push for black voters
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, shown at Tuesday's memorial for U.S. Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens in San Francisco, also had a big fundraiser that night. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, shown at Tuesday's memorial for U.S. Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens in San Francisco, also had a big fundraiser that night. Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Obama makes late push for black voters 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
As we roll into the final presidential debate, the polls show a very tight race. One thing they don't show, however, is how race is a factor in the election.
By my estimate, you have to build in a three- to five-point slip from the poll numbers for any black candidate on election day. To overcome the slip, you need to pump up the black vote by equal measure.
And that's not easy, because brothers and sisters aren't among the top turnout groups.
In 2008, Barack Obama was able to compensate for the slip and then some. You would have thought it was Nelson Mandela coming out of jail. This time it's not going to be that easy.
If Obama looks as if he's going black, they could turn off white people. So he's largely been lying low on the race issues - visibly pushing for the Latino vote, the gay vote, the women's vote, but not the black vote.
But last weekend, they held a conference call with a collection of black preachers that included their old pastor, Jeremiah Wright. They wanted to talk to them about getting out the vote.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein picked up more than $400,000 in campaign donations Tuesday night at the fundraiser put on by Clint and Janet Reilly in the Julia Morgan Ballroom.
Some tables went for $25,000 for a group of 10.
The musical entertainment was provided by Tim Hockenberry, whose rendition of "You Are So Beautiful" was fabulous.
The comedic entertainment came from Gov. Jerry Brown, who got up and said, "I once was Gov. Moonbeam. But I reinvented myself. More recently, people say that I'm from the past. Well, I want you to know that Dianne is from a more distant past."
When Feinstein got up, they said, "Up until Jerry made that egregious comment, I was going to tell everybody this my last campaign. But after that egregious comment, I may have to run one more time."
Eileen Feinstein Mariano handled the introduction, telling stories about what's like to be the granddaughter of a famous politician.
When they were born, they said, one of Feinstein's first questions to daughter Katherine was, "Do you have a name?"
Katherine said, "No, I don't."
"What about Dianne?"
In other dynasty news, there was a gathering of the great Hearst media clan at the Palace of the Legion of Honor the other night for a screening of the documentary "Citizen Hearst."
I never knew there were so many Hearsts out there, or so many people trying to curry their favor.
They had Tony Bennett entertain. They entertained for the 100th anniversary of Hearst Corp. as well, and at the same place.
I don't know how I got invited. The Hearsts never endorsed me, and as far as I know they never voted for me. Apparently, however, they do like the column.
The new Weill Hall concert venue at Sonoma State University opened with a performance by pianist Lang Lang. After four encores, half the audience was sound asleep. Still, not a bad way to launch a fabulous venue.
Movie Time: "Taken 2." Liam Neeson is on the job again in this action movie in search of a story.
Critics panned it but I enjoyed it, particularly because I paid just 6 bucks to get into the before-noon showing.
"Argo," Ben Affleck's thriller that catalogs the CIA's attempt to use a fake movie to rescue six Iranian Embassy hostages, has Oscar nomination written all over it. John Goodman and Alan Arkin steal the show.
I would love to see those two in a sequel.
I hear that San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera is about to be elevated to the board of the Olympic Club. You may remember that Herrera's predecessor as city attorney, Louise Renne, sued the club to force it to admit women.
No sooner did Mitt Romney say he'd been given binders full of women when they were looking for Cabinet members as Massachusetts governor than my telephone rang.
It was my wife, Blanche.
"So that's your explanation," they said. "A binder full of women."
Vengeance has always been a prominent motivation in sports entertainment. Hulk Hogan spent their career battling turncoats like Paul Orndorff, Andre the Giant, and “Macho Man” Randy Savage. The Undertaker squared off against their evil half-brother Kane on several occasions. And, Shawn Michaels went toe-to-toe with their former Dudes with Attitude partner Kevin Nash.
So, when Seth Rollins betrayed their Shield brothers, it was only natural for Dean Ambrose to want to get back at him.
The main difference? While Hogan, Taker, and Michaels used legdrops, chokeslams, and superkicks to gain a measure of revenge on their rivals, Ambrose has employed ketchup, mustard, and green slime.
To each their own.
I spoke with WWE's “Lunatic Fringe” in the days before their Hell in a Cell brawl with Seth Rollins and had a chance to ask them about living up to the Cell's legacy, their path to WWE stardom, and what it's like to be cheered after growing up a bad guy…
Any questions? Drop me a line on Twitter: @gordonholmes
Gordon Holmes: This Sunday you're entering Hell in a Cell with Seth Rollins. This match has a legacy of amazing, brutal bouts. How are you going to stand out?
Dean Ambrose: Going into anything like this, you want to put your own stamp on it. You want to do something that's never been done before. I hate a formula. I hate stepping in the footsteps of those that came before me. And Seth has the same mindset. Even though we're enemies and opponents, and are going to be trying to rip each other's heads off in the Cell.
Holmes: You've got a straight-up comparison that night as John Cena and Randy Orton are going to be having their own Hell in a Cell match.
Ambrose: The kind of guys that we are and you go back to the competitive chips we have on our shoulder. You go back to the attitude that we came into this company with? We're going to blow anything they put up out of the water. You know what I mean?
Holmes: I do, looking forward to it.
Ambrose: (Laughs) If you know anything about me, you know that I don't have any trepidation. I'm not going to walk into there shaking in my boots. It'll be my first time and Seth Rollins' first time. I'm not afraid to take a risk. And Seth Rollins isn't afraid to take a risk. I don't see anything that Seth Rollins can do to me, or the Authority, or the Cell is anything worse than anything I've been through. I'm looking to raise the bar a little bit. And it's hard because the Cell is a lot higher than it used to be.
Holmes: Yes, this isn't the Cell Mick Foley was tossed off of.
Ambrose: I don't think people realize. It's like 20-foot higher! Well, I don't know the exact height. It's significantly higher than the one (Mick) Foley fell off of. I think that was done to prevent anybody from trying to jump off of it again. Now, it's quite literally impossible to jump off of. It's hard to do anything new inside that thing now. But fortunately I've got a big toolbox of ideas, man. This ain't my first time at the rodeo even though it's my first time in the Cell. I've got a nice cache of little ditties that I can bust out. I'm determined to do something that nobody has ever seen before in the Hell in a Cell.
Holmes: I was watching this Steve Austin special on the “Monday Night Wars” and I'm seeing some parallels between their rise to the top and your rise. They didn't seem like the fan favorite type, but people started taking to him. An opportunity was opened for them when Triple H was punished for the Curtain Call and an opportunity has opened for you with Roman Reigns' injury.
Ambrose: There's no confusing me and Steve Austin. (Laughs) There will never be another Steve Austin. As far as taking an opportunity like that….the thing I like about Steve Austin is their tenacity, their work ethic, and his…”Screw you, you're not taking food off of my plate” thing. I've starved and lived on the road. And I'm not letting anyone walk all over me. That intensity…a lot of people they get so caught up in the grind here, so it's hard to bring that 100% intensity every night. Steve Austin, you watch their old stuff, they never took a breath. Working Steve Austin must've been exhausting.
Holmes: I believe the saying was, “You have to bring a lunch.”
Ambrose: I love that. We're a little thin right now and somebody has to step up to the plate. I've never tried to be anybody's hero or favorite. I don't see myself as that kind of guy. I'm not trying to step into anyone else's spot. I'm trying to create my own and be irreplaceable. But, that opportunity that launched Steve's career, it took a while for everything to come together. That's that work ethic, taking advantage of a tiny opportunity. They want to put me in two matches a night? Three matches a night? A triple-threat tag? Another promo? Another thing? Another backstage? And now a dark match? Now a street fight? I'm going to keep going as fast as I can. That's what a guy like that would do. I'm never going to have anything handed to me, and if I stop for two seconds, it will go away quickly. And I'm sure there are a lot of people who would like to see it all go away quickly. And honestly, I haven't done anything yet. I've just made a lot of posturing and pretended like I was going to do something. Let's be real here.
Holmes: But Sunday's your chance to do something. Do you guys know if you're the main event?
Ambrose: If…we're not the main event, then somebody's making a mistake. They're going to regret it.
Holmes: Hell in a Cell tends to be a feud ender. What's next for you after you finally put Rollins down?
Ambrose: I came to a realization not long ago; I'm very passionate about what I do. This is all I want to do. I obsess over little things and I look ten steps ahead. And if it was up to me things would be planned out long in advance. I'm constantly plotting ahead like that. The reality is the WWE is this crazy world that's constantly changing. You can't prepare for tomorrow. The Pay Per View match already changed on us. You're wrestling John Cena at the Pay Per View. Then I walk on Monday and we're wrestling tonight. Things change like the wind. You've just got to take it one day at a time. And I could get hit by a bus tomorrow.
Holmes: You mentioned that you're not anybody's favorite. But if you listen to the audience, it sounds like you're becoming a lot of people's favorite. Are you ready for Dean Ambrose: Mr. Popular?
Ambrose: If that happened? Cool, man. It's cool when people dig what you're doing. I'm the kind of guy that thrives on negativity. That's the kind of thing that has fueled me for my entire career. From the basement, to the gutter, to where I am today it's been like that. The hatred of everyone and everything just spewing out. I'm older now though, I'm a little bit of a grown up. In any case, I never had a vision of being liked by so many people in the WWE Universe…oh…I can't believe I just said that.
Holmes: (Laughs)
Ambrose: (Laughs) It's so big and it reaches so many people. You're meeting people and they bought all your shirts and they say you've really made a positive change in their life. And I'm like, “What? I'm just wrestling, man.” But people use you for inspiration to get through sickness or to do whatever. To me, it's really cool. It makes you feel like you've accomplished a lot more, which is a new thing for me to accept any kind of praise. It's not bad to be so popular. It could go away at any moment.
Holmes: You could get hit by a bus tomorrow.
Holmes: For the first time in a long time, there isn't a defending WWE Champion who's appearing at all of the major events. Does Brock Lesnar having the title upset people?
Ambrose: Every show, and we run a lot of them, doesn't have to have a world championship match on it. Every “Monday Night Raw” shouldn't have a world championship match. But, the champion not appearing at all? To me, it's not nearly as big of a thing…I equate it back to the traveling world champions of the 70s or previous eras. You're not going to see a world title match every week. I honestly think we give away too much stuff. We give away a lot of wrestling on TV and there's so much time to fill. In a three-hour show, Brock Lesnar could really be used. I'm making up my answers as I go along here.
Holmes: As you're supposed to.
Ambrose: You're not going to see them much. They took the belt back to their castle and they locked it up in the attic. You've got to go a long way to get a championship match with him.
Holmes: We're seeing a lot of new faces with the integration of the developmental program NXT. What's the process like where you go from being a guy signed in to company to making the big show as a WWE Superstar?
Ambrose: For me, it was much different than the guys today. I'm not familiar with the NXT process now. I was never on NXT television. I was an FCW guy. A Doctor Tom (Pritchard) era guy. It's great now, they've got the Full Sail TV. NXT is like the most amazing opportunity. We were in this warehouse in Florida. We were locked away like the ugly stepchildren of WWE. It really pissed us off. It gave us this chip on our shoulders. We were like alright, “We can put on a better product than the main roster can. Screw them all.” We were putting on matches in developmental that were on par with anything that was on WWE television. For us, we were down there just sitting, chilling, training, making towns, learning. We were waiting. It can be a frustrating process. Just the wait. But, if you're smart you take that time to learn, to ask questions. Nobody is perfect and you can always learn something.
Holmes: Who were you learning from?
Ambrose: Joey Mercury is like Yoda to me. He's a guy who can really pick something apart and give you five ways to make it better in two seconds. He'll always have good ideas. I always have crazy ideas. I'll bounce them by Joey first and he'll instantly call me out on something stupid. He'll rein me in a little bit.
Holmes: What's this I'm hearing about Dean Ambrose: Movie Star?
Ambrose: Yeah, they came to me and were like, “WWE Studios, we've got an opportunity for you.” And I said, “You want me to be in a movie? Get outta here! Yeah, I'll do that!” I thought I'd just be a background bit player. I'd get to rest my body and be an extra in a movie. Then I found out I was the lead character. And my exact words to the studio guy was, “You realize I'm completely unqualified for this, right? I don't know if somebody lied to you or what, but I've never acted before. I don't know how a movie set works. I've never been on the set for a freaking Dunkin' Donuts commercial.” It's called “Lockdown” and it was a cool learning experience.
Holmes: So, say someone's on the fence about ordering Hell in a Cell. Talk them into it.
Ambrose: You're going to see one of the most outrageous spectacles of hatred and intensity when Dean Ambrose and Seth Ambrose finally get at each other. I promise you're going to see something you've never seen before.
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
Overview (5)
Mini Bio (1)
Born in Danbury, Connecticut, USA, to Greg and Mary, Jonathan Brandis began their career at age 5, acting in television commercials. They appeared in small parts in several films and TV shows before their first starring role in the 1990 film The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter (1990). They starred in popular films such as Ladybugs (1992) and starred as Lucas Wolenczak in Steven Spielberg's television series SeaQuest 2032 (1993). They doubled up their high school courses so they could finish a year early for their role on SeaQuest. They died in November 2003.
- IMDb Mini Biography By: nd3
trademark (3)
Bright blue eyes
Mischievous smile
Often played troubled boys
Trivia (25)
They performed in more than 85 commercials.
They claimed that their dad was one of the main inspirations in their life, having taught them about the "business from an early age".
Attended a special actors school and graduated after doubling their high school classes.
An avid Pez collector.
At the 15th Annual Youth in Film Awards, they won Best Youth Actor in a Leading Role in a Television Series for SeaQuest 2032 (1993).
Was an only child.
Coincidentally, their date to the high school prom was Clueless (1995) star Brittany Murphy , another actor who died at a young age. Jonathan died in 2003 at age 27, and Brittany died in 2009 at age 32 from pneumonia.
After their death dozens upon dozens of Internet communities and memorial websites were devoted to him.
The Slainesville Boys (2004), completed in 2003, would have been their directorial debut.
They were friends with childhood neighbor, actor Juliette Clarke
An action figure was created based on their character, Lucas Wolenczak, from SeaQuest 2032 (1993).
In the start of their teenage-life, they were considered a bit short. This phenomenon was in fact due to that they were actually also growing as an adult. During filming Sidekicks (1992) they had the same height as Mako , (5' 4"). They then seriously grew in their late teenage years. In the last season of SeaQuest 2032 (1993) when they were about 19 years old, they reached the height 5'9".
As a teenager, in hopes of preparing for a directing career as well as an acting career, they filmed movies starring their friends using a home video camera.
Was set to direct an episode of SeaQuest 2032 (1993), but the show was canceled before they had the chance to do so.
Considered Roy Scheider to be the person of the biggest influence on them as an actor.
They were the only actor to appear in all 57 episodes of SeaQuest 2032 (1993).
Their remains were cremated and their ashes are in the possession of their family.
Was best friends with Jason Marsden
Was in a relationship with actor Tatyana Ali for 3 years.
Their father has English, and some German and Scottish, ancestry. Their mother is of half Irish and half Italian descent. The surname Brandis traces back to Jonathan's paternal great-great-great-grandfather, Henry William Brandis, who was born in Prussia.
Was considered for the role of Andy Barclay in Child's Play 3 (1991).
Personal Quotes (5)
Teen magazines keep writing that my eyes "twinkle" when I talk. Look, I'm a guy. I don't twinkle, you know! You can say that my eyes "sparkle" maybe, but not "twinkle", alright? Got that, teen magazine writers?!
I want to direct, I want to be part of something creative, something with quality. My biggest fear as an actor is being involved in something mediocre, or being mediocre myself. I've taken classes on screen-writing and, of course, I read a lot of scripts. Writing is what I'd really like to move towards. Right now, though, it just doesn't pay the mortgage.
My friends would probably describe me as silly. And honest. And that I think about things a bit too much.
[speaking in 1994] I want to be remembered as an actor who put in some good work in the beginning of their career, even better work at the end of their career and slowly, successfully made the transition into writing and directing.
Roy Scheider was cool. I learned quite a bit from him.
They smiled as they looked around the ocean landscape. They were so happy to be able to start the day's work. They smiled and closed their eyes, assuming a warrior stance. They held the position for a minute, relaxing their mind.
They then closed their eyes and slowly crouched down, gently dipping the tips of their fingers into the mana. It was slightly cool to the touch, and it immediately started creeping up and over the knuckles of their fingers. They were one of the best mana controllers working for planet Earth, and had been told so many times. They knew that it meant that they could be proud, but not egotistical. It was hard work to be so high up, and they worked hard each and every day, dedicating most of their time to thinking about their job even while they aren't doing it. They loved the simple act of creation, and creating new life was the best of those acts, in their opinion. The mana simply seemed to sense and replicate their enthusiasm.
They stood up; the mana following their hand up in a thin stream, continuing to crawl up their arm and over their shoulder. They moved their feet slightly; feeling the mana move to accommodate him. They sent most of the stream back down, leaving a small, fist-sized lump in their palm. They imagined the mind of a swallow; the fragile, flighty little hunter, eager to turn tricks and find a safe environment with someone else to turn tricks for.
The mana shifted, quickly taking the form of a small bird that took flight as soon as it was fully formed. It flew away quickly; the mana taking on the wary form of the soul he'd given it. They knew that as soon as they looked away; a portal would open and send the mana onto the material plane, into an egg. The instincts and personality of many animals came from him. The fully grown adult animal's soul would go into the body, and more and more of the mana's capacity would be unlocked as the creature matured.
They didn't dare try to make human souls. He'd heard that it took days, sometimes even weeks to craft a single human soul. They acknowledged that even if they were good at crafting souls, they were much more into the simpler kind of type of soul. They also knew that they were the kind of man who much preferred instant gratification of making an animal's soul. They could also mature on their own, with time. He'd also experienced full-grown animals wandering back to the oceans; looking for a recharge from the more potent users like him. They would happily give it to them. They would give their creations more power to help them live even longer lives. There were no figures in sight at the moment.
They put both of their hands straight up towards the sky, and stretched one of their legs up too, coming into a tree pose. The mana underneath them was as smooth as glass, which aided them in balancing themselves both mentally and physically. They took a deep breath, and pictured the form of a strong labour horse. A docile, obedient, kind-natured and calm creature that would help it's master until it was no longer physically capable of doing so.
The mana flew up around him, and they shifted position to be closer to the raw power that was slipping out from under their feet. They crouched, extending their right leg in front of him. Their right hand came out with the leg, and their left arm folded back, leaving their hand near the shoulder. Both of their palms were open. Larger creatures required much more focus, and their entire mind geared towards it. The mana was the only thing supporting him. They were no longer conscious of their own form. As the yellow mana flew up and over their frame, it changed into a light aquamarine. That meant that they were successfully imbuing the mana with the essence of the creature they were thinking of. They let out a broad smile.
A fully grown horse burst from the crest of the wave, leaping out as the green-tinted liquid continued on before dis simulating back into the rest of it. It looked to them for guidance. The long and wide face looked perfect for a muzzle, and there was none of the fire in it's eyes that had been present in the first horses he'd created.
"Go on." they said, gently waving the quadruped away. Hesitantly, the animal turned around. It looked back once more for clarification. Like a baby taking it's first steps, it was eager to explore,chit afraid of the consequences. They clicked their tongue twice while making the same dismissive motion. They turned around after seeing a final image of the horse turning and confidently trotting away, kicking up spray.
After that, they completely let loose.
Jumping and twirling, pushing their weight forward, and trusting the mana to keep their balance. They always made sure to keep their centre of gravity over one leg however. The mana wasn't supporting their arms.
Their leg swept out in an arabesque, and their hands skimmed the water, forming a pair of red-tailed Hawks that rested on their forearms. In a grand sweeping gesture, they spread out both pairs of wings and had them flying up and away into the slightly clouded sky. The identical screeches rang in their ears as they spun away.
They let their feet sink into the pool, wiggling their toes happily. They submerged their arms up to the elbow, and then curled their arms up into their biceps. The mass that came up quickly took on a much sturdier shape, a tank of an animal. It was a quadruped with wide legs and a wide head with small, stubby ears. They curved the horn out with a quick flick of their wrist. The fully formed rhinoceros charged off, spraying mana everywhere and making them giggle.
They didn't have to worry about what they were creating. They knew that they were being supplied with what to make by their supervisor via thought. It was so relaxing to just make the animals without having to think too deeply.
They span and jumped, catapulting birds into flight. They made deer and wolves that ran off in the same direction. They didn't even remember how many he'd made, but they knew that their souls would connect if the creatures ever came back. They didn't name any of them, but they could still recognize them instantly. In their mind, it was sort of like a foster home. They would take them in and nurture them, but then they would go out into the world and do other things. They would be affectionate with each other, but there was always a distance there. They knew that they were very much alone, but they didn't dwell on it.
Dwelling on things for creators like them was very bad. One contamination would grow like a fungus, until the idea would infect everything they did. The animals would be damaged, and would be traced back to him. They couldn't fear, or they could lose their creative job. They had no idea what they would be able to do otherwise. This was their entire life, and they loved it too much to ever be able to let it go, so they stayed calm.
Finally, the mana stopped coming to him. The surface became completely smooth. It became slightly cooler, and they could feel the power of the mana closing itself off to him. Their body was sore, and they were out of breath. Every single one of their muscles was tingling slightly, and they knew that they were done.
A portal opened up a few steps away from him, and they walked into it without hesitation. At the edges it was a gentle light blue, darkening, until in the middle there was a solid black hole shaped like their body. They let their arms down by their sides, and stepped forwards until their body matched up with the cutout.
A tugging sensation followed as the portal slowly moved forwards, engulfing him. With a gentle popping sound, like a bubble opening. They were in their room once again. It had a single, long, black hammock taking up half of it and dark turquoise coloured walls. They had a few books in one corner, but they hadn't read them in ages. There was a single white door on the wall opposite of the bed, and through it was a bathroom. They may not be human, but a hot bath helped their muscles relax and prepare for the next day.
A hot meal was in the corner, and they blankly stared at it. They aren't hungry, and they decided to have a quick sleep.
They lay down in their hammock, pulling the matching cover over himself. They closed their eyes, and let the tension drain from their body.
That night, their dreams were tinted yellow and aquamarine. They dreamed of flying through the sky and diving deep below into the mana, finding the more powerful caches that had been hidden from him. They aren't allowed to sink below the surface.
Even if they were trapped in the endless sea and sky, they loved it. They had no idea what they would do without this place, and didn't want to find out.
Toronto's proposed registration and licensing system for Airbnb-style short-term rentals will proceed to public consultations after Mayor John Tory's executive committee approved city staff's draft plan on Monday night. By regulating the burgeoning short-term rental market, Toronto will demonstrate it is a forward-looking, innovative city that isn't trying to turn back the hands of time, Tory said Monday.
Airbnb's Chris Lehane welcomed Toronto's proposed regulations for short-term rentals, saying the growing industry should pay its "fair share of taxes." ( David Rider / Toronto Star )
“We have to deal with these emerging technology issues as they change the way we do business and live our lives.” City staff will submit a final set of proposals to council later this year. After months of research and stakeholder input, city staff produced a report proposing that short-term rentals be legal for up to three rooms or an entire home in Toronto as long as it is a person's principal residence.
Article Continued Below
The “One host, one home” rule has been proposed or adopted in several jurisdictions, including New York City, San Francisco and Vancouver. The intent is to discourage commercial operators from offering multiple listings, a practice that has been blamed for driving up rents and pushing out long-term tenants. Property owners or tenants hosting short-term rentals will have to register with the city, pay an annual fee and remit a tourist tax at a rate still to be determined. The city's report defines a short-term rental as one lasting up to 28 days. Read more: Emptied Kensington apartments appear on Airbnb Chris Lehane, Airbnb's head of global policy and public affairs, was among several dozen people who waited all day to share their views Monday evening with the executive committee. The majority of speakers were in favour of the recommendations.
That includes Airbnb. The dominant platform in the short-term rental market welcomes the proposed regime, believing “we need to be regulated” and pay our “fair share of taxes,” Lehane said. “This is a new thing — the same way you went from a horse and buggy to a car — and you need new rules for a new thing,” said Lehane, a lawyer and political consultant who served as a spokesperson during former U.S. president Bill Clinton's administration.
Article Continued Below
Lehane called the company a “platform for the middle class” that is “democratizing tourism” by making travel more affordable. It's also a “tool of economic empowerment in a time when there's economic stagnation,” they said. The staff proposals also won the qualified approval of one of Airbnb's chief nemeses: the city's hotel industry. Terry Mundell, president of the Greater Toronto Hotel Association, said the organization is pleased that the proposals establish an “important difference between traditional home sharing, which has been around for years, and illegal commercial activity.” The association would, however, like staff to consider a cap on the number of nights a property can be rented out. Leading the call for regulation has been Fairbnb, a coalition of groups started by Unite Here Local 75, which represents hospitality workers in the GTA. The group's chair, Lis Pimentel, said that while Fairbnb is encouraged by the proposed regulations, they must be strengthened to protect Toronto's strained rental market. The city should not rely on “self-declaration,” but require that people provide proof of principal residence, they said, adding that there should be significant fines for each illegal listing and that the city must take action when rules are broken. “Enforcement, enforcement, enforcement,” Pimentel said. They also want staff to reconsider a proposal allowing short-term rental companies to have access to secondary suites, such as basement apartments. These need to be available as long-term housing for Toronto residents, Pimentel said. Correction – June 20, 2017: This article was edited from a previous version that misstated the name of Unite Here Local 75, the union that represents hospitality workers in the GTA.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Sunday night, Fox-turned-NBC News star-anchor Megyn Kelly announced that in a week they would be airing an interview with Alex Jones, the well-known purveyor of foul and dangerous conspiracy theories. Within a nanosecond or two, folks on Twitter went wild, bashing Kelly for giving Jones a platform for slinging their loathsome swill. Much pointed and passionate criticism came from those who rightfully noted that Jones has claimed that the horrific massacre in 2012 at Sandy Hook elementary never happened and that it was some sort of false-flag fraud perpetuated by a gun-grabbing government to justify tougher firearms restrictions. (A gun violence prevention group founded by family members of Sandy Hook shooting victims dropped Kelly as host of its annual gala.)
Those who have contended that Kelly ought not treat Jones, a carnival barker of paranoia, as a public figure warranting serious treatment have a legitimate gripe. But this episode is part of that ongoing debate over how much respect and attention the media should grant to extremists of the fringe—say, white supremacists or anti-Muslim bigots—who espouse hate and prejudice. Do such people deserve to be placed in the media spotlight to expose their vile views, or does that enable the hate-mongers? Yet in this particular case, the true story is not so much Jones and their crazy and contemptible notions, but a more important matter: President Donald Trump's relationship to Jones.
What renders Jones a serious subject is that Trump has made common cause with him.
For years, Jones, through a radio show and their Infowars website, has been the king of conspiracy theory media, pushing a host of outlandish and ludicrous stories. They and their website have claimed that the Bush-Cheney administration was in on the 9/11 attacks and that the US government has covertly orchestrated or faked a variety of violent episodes—Sandy Hook, the Columbine shootings, the Oklahoma City bombing, and the Boston Marathon attack—as part of an ongoing (and bipartisan!) plot to expand its power and enact gun safety laws. Infowar asserts that “chemtrail” emissions from aircraft are part of a clandestine scheme to poison humans or cause extreme weather. Jones says a secretive global elite has a clandestine plan to kill off or enslave most of the planet's population. They have claimed the government is inserting chemicals into people—via juice boxes!—to make children gay. Their conspiracy-peddling, while profitable for him, has caused pain and danger. Infowars promoted the ridiculous Pizzagate theory—that Hillary Clinton and other top Democrats were running a child sex ring in the basement of a certain Washington, DC, pizzeria—and a gunman showed up at the restaurant and fired off shots when customers, including children, were present. (Jones eventually and uncharacteristically apologized for their role in Pizzagate.)
Jones should be derided and dismissed as a bombastic sideshow scammer who makes a living selling fake news to the gullible. During a recent custody battle with their ex-wife, Jones' own legal team referred to them as a “performance artist” who was “playing a character,” suggesting Jones didn't believe the guff they were pitching. (A day later, Jones said this characterization was false and their lawyers had been misinterpreted by the media.) But what renders Jones a serious subject is that Trump has made common cause with him. That's a connection worthy of much more media notice than it has garnered because of what it says about the judgment of the man who now lives in the White House.
During their presidential campaign, Trump forged a bond with Jones. In a way, that was inevitable. Trump first became a conservative darling by pressing the Obama-was-born-in-Kenya conspiracy theory. And throughout the campaign and afterward, they have shown a bent for conspiratorial and paranoid thinking. They hinted there was something odd about the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. They suggested that terrorist attacks in the United States were not being stopped because President Barack Obama had ties with or affection for the evildoers. Trump maintained Ted Cruz's dad was part of the JFK assassination conspiracy. (More recently, Trump tweeted that they had been wiretapped by Obama.)
Trump told Jones, “Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down.”
As a candidate, Trump ran into the arms of Jones. In December 2015, they appeared on Jones' talk show. That in and of itself was telling: a candidate from a major party venturing into this netherworld of paranoia and conspiracy. (Ron and Rand Paul were the only other prominent politicians in recent years to appear with Jones.) During the show, Jones praised Trump for being a modern-day George Washington who could save this nation before it collapses. They beseeched Trump to stay in the race and resist pressure from dark globalist forces opposed to their candidacy. Trump took the opportunity to brag that they had brilliantly foreseen the threat posed by Osama bin Laden years before anyone else. (Trump had not.) Jones cheered on the tycoon and said Trump's campaign was “epic.” As the segment came to a close, Trump told Jones, “Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down.”
That was a stunning moment. A candidate seeking the Republican Party's presidential nomination was hailing a man who claimed the last Republican president was part of a cabal that staged 9/11 (or purposefully allowed it to happen).
That was not the only Trump-Jones link during the campaign. Roger Stone, a self-proclaimed dirty trickster, longtime Trump adviser, and JFK assassination conspiracy theorist (who wrote a book saying LBJ killed Kennedy), often appeared on Infowars to tout Trump. And Trump tried to bolster their claim that Mexico was sending killers and rapists into the United States with an Infowars video they had seen on the Drudge Report.
At the GOP convention in Cleveland in July, Jones was the featured speaker at a pro-Trump rally organized by Stone. (To be fair, I should note that at that rally, Jones picked me out of the crowd of reporters to denounce me as a representative of the “dinosaur” media.) And while in Cleveland, Jones attended the Republican proceedings as a “special guest.” (That's what their credential said.) They and Stone also promoted “Hillary for Prison” T-shirts, which championed a message in sync with the “lock their up” chants inside the convention hall.
How deep Jones' relationship with Trump goes is a vital question. Stone has claimed on Infowars that they set up Trump and Jones, the two “hit it off,” and Trump has “watched Infowars.” And during the campaign, Jones said they “personally talked to” Trump and encouraged them to claim the election was being rigged. On another occasion, Jones said Trump had told them that Jones had “one of the greatest influences I've ever seen…It's greater than you know. Just know that your influence is second to none.” In a February 8, 2016, interview with Infowars, Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller hailed Jones and Infowars for having “been on top of…the immigration issue” and called on Jones' audience to support Trump.
Media Matters, a liberal outfit, has pointed out that Trump has often aped Infowars material:
Trump has repeated Jones' claims that President Obama and Hillary Clinton are the founders of ISIS; that Muslims were celebrating in New Jersey after the 9/11 attacks; and that the 2016 election would be “rigged” against him. Following their election, Trump also adopted the false claim promoted by Jones that “millions of people” “voted illegally” in the presidential election. Trump's regular echoing of their rhetoric caused Jones to remark in August that it's “surreal to talk about issues here on air and then word for word hear Trump say it two days later. It is amazing.”
Here was another example of a Trump-Jones mashup: At a rally in August, Trump said Clinton “took a little short-circuit in the brain—she's got problems.” They added, “Honestly, I don't think she's all there.” A few days earlier Infowars had published a video, The Truth About Hillary's Bizarre Behavior, that asked, “Is Hillary on the verge of a mental breakdown due to stress, or are their strange outbursts linked to a medical condition?” At other points, Trump campaign aides and Donald Trump Jr. tweeted out Infowars stories. The eldest Trump son spread an Infowars article claiming that Clinton had worn an earpiece during one of the presidential debates. Trump was undoubtedly the Infowars candidate.
“He's a valuable asset—somebody has to rally the people around President Trump's legislative program.”
After the election, Jones told their audience that Trump had called to thank him: Trump “gave me a call, and I told him, ‘Mr. President-elect, you're too busy, we don't need to talk.' But we still spent over five minutes—he said, ‘Listen, Alex, I just talked to the kings and queens of the world—world leaders, you name it.' But they said, ‘It doesn't matter, I wanted to talk to you to thank your audience.” And Stone told the Washington Post that Jones would play an important outside role in the Trump presidency: “He's a valuable asset—somebody has to rally the people around President Trump's legislative program.”
Jones was in the business of fake news before it was called fake news, promoting stories about FEMA camps, the Jewish mafia, weather weapons, and birtherism, and claiming Hillary Clinton was “demon-possessed.” In recent weeks, Jones has claimed that their relationship with Trump has continued, bragging that Trump has called him, that Trump's two older sons watch their videos “every night,” that Trump asked them if they were happy with Trump's performance as president, and that they talk “to people who talk to the president every day.” Stone also has said Trump and Jones “talk from time to time.” (Infowars reportedly is giving Stone their own show.) And Politico reported that Trump aides have used Infowars clips to show Trump examples of positive media coverage.
The real tale here is not Jones and their many false flags; it's Trump's embrace of Jones. There will always be connivers peddling fiction-as-truth to gain money and notice. What's new—and most disturbing—is that the commander-in-chief of the United States has hooked up with such a figure and has taken steps that legitimize him. How much sway does Jones have with Trump? Jones' boasts of their ongoing contacts with Trump and their team could be utterly bogus. Then again…
Kelly and other reporters could do the nation a true service by focusing on this angle and determining how far the Jones-Trump mind-meld has gone. If the two are still in cahoots, it's a plot that deserves great scrutiny and all the hoopla a prominent and buzzy news show can generate.
Government's share of minimum wage increase The working poor suffer disproportionately from the offshoring of high paying jobs. The upsurge an hour in the minimum wage economy is the net result of a consorted effort to lower the standard of living of not just the struggling impoverished but for all scrambling households. When the communist manifesto advocated a progressive income tax, the proletariat was supposed to get a sliver of social justice. Just how well did that hogwash turn out? The practice of upward mobility is virtually extinct. As the broken economic model intensifies, the consequences of 20.7% of Jobs in Baltimore Are Government Jobs , should be apparent. “Of the 364,200 total jobs in Baltimore City in March, 75,500—or 20.7 percent—were jobs working for the government. That included 39,400 state government jobs, 26,000 local government jobs, and 10,100 federal government jobs. By contrast, there were only 11,600 manufacturing jobs in Baltimore City, according to BLS. That means government had 6.5 times as many employees in Baltimore City as all of the manufacturers located in the city. Nationwide in March, according to the BLS, total employment was 141,183,000. Employment by government was 21,898,000. Thus, 15.5 percent of the jobs nationwide were government jobs.” Add to these stats, the Bureau of Labor Statistics states that Minimum wageworkers account for 4.7 percent of hourly paid workers in 2012 . The accompanying chart illustrates that teens and women compile a greater number of minimum wage employment. “In 2012, there were 3.6 million hourly paid workers in the United States with wages at or below the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. These workers made up 4.7 percent of the 75.3 million workers age 16 and over who were paid at hourly rates.” Such lower opportunity entry level jobs are disturbing when the odds are that these workers will not be able to advance into more lucrative positions. Raising by government fiat an arbitrary minimum pay floor is naïve without fundamental changes to the entire tax system. Net take home pay is the bottom line. Economic analysis of the real world effects from punitive taxation implications usually goes underreported of ignored completely. The American Enterprise Institute in an essay, Some minimum wageworkers would face a 50% tax rate if Obama an floord Dems raise the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour , will shock the open minded. “Forbes contributor Jeffrey Dorfman crunches the numbers and finds that a single mom (with one child) working at the minimum wage would face the equivalent of a 50% tax rate (from both higher payroll taxes and a loss in government benefits) if Obama is successful at raising the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour. Here's how some minimum wageworkers would be taxed at a higher rate than the “top 1%” by Obama's “compassionate” 40% minimum wage hike:” Examine this research and consider the sober implications that any society that intentionally restricts a market opportunity financial system will result in a permanent poverty underachieving economy. Finally, David R. Henderson of the National Center of Policy Analysis provides evidence that Most of the Benefits of a Minimum Wage Increase Would Not Go to Poor Households . “From 2003 to 2009, the federal hourly minimum wage rose in steps from $5.15 to $5.85, and then from $6.55 to $7.25. Between 2003 and 2007, 28 states increased their minimum wages to a level higher than the federal minimum. San Diego State University economics professor Joseph J. Sabia and Cornell University economics professor Richard V. Burkhauser examined the effects of these increases and reported their results in the prestigious Southern Economic Journal.1 They “find no evidence that minimum wage increases between 2003 and 2007 lowered state poverty rates.” This pre-2008 meltdown evaluation has worsened since the zero interest rate and no small business loan environment has intensified. The Campaign to begin for a $15 minimum wage in D.C. is misguided. Without supporting a total revamp of the federal, state and local tax system, disappointment is inevitable. Since the central planning intrusion of government has created greater poverty, would not a prudent population start looking towards a better alternative? One such substitute is a Fair Tax based upon consumption. A central and primary method to grow employment and even more important, create living wage positions, is to adopt a merchant economy. Big business has never been the engine of substantial and continual growth. Unless the velocity of money transacted in voluntary business decisions open up, the future will be relegated to subsistence level, at best. In order to broaden a prosperous society, the private sector must be able to innovate, produce and expand. Labor that works for wages must develop the skills to make their contributions to their employers more valuable. That's reality; and if one sincerely wants to lift the boot straps of the underclass, starts with a dose of candor. When a government tax policy confiscates the earned rewards of honest work and promises to offer public substitute benefits that are on a sliding downward scale of efficiency and value, only a fool will accept that this formula will offer a chance to claw out of the poverty cycle. The fact that most consumers are guarded in spending, what little disposable money their meager income allows, is core to this hamster wheel economy. Confidence will not return, when the government continues to be the primary obstacle for keeping people on the treadmill. Corporatists have done their best to destroy the middle class. They will never provide a solution for the underprivileged. Government's record is even worse. Those who will survive in the controlled economy will work towards conducting free enterprise among the enlightened consumers who understand that a brighter future is achieved through intelligent and perseverance. Thoughtless demands for a $15.00 an hour minimum just because one needs more money only results in higher unemployment. James Hall – May 6, 2015 Subscribe to the BATR Realpolitik Newsletter Discuss or comment about this essay on the BATR Forum
Warning: If you have yet to watch Sunday's Walking Dead finale, steer clear of the following post mortem. And we repeat: If you have yet to watch Sunday's Walking Dead finale, steer clear of the following post mortem. Everyone else, you have permission to proceed…
This was more than just another one bites the dust.
Sunday's Walking Dead season ender not only marked the final episode for original cast member Laurie Holden, it served as a dramatic climax for their character, Andrea, whose Season 3 arc proved to be among the show's most polarizing. (Why didn't they kill the Governor when they had chance after chance!)?
RELATED | Walking Dead Finale Post Mortem: Robert Kirkman Talks Andrea Backlash (Including the Pliers!), Defends Rick's Decision, Previews Season 4
In the following exclusive interview with TVLine, Holden — who deftly drove the role from tough to suicidal and back — addresses some of the specific criticism leveled against their ill-fated alter ego, shares their thoughts on their sad send-off (a self-inflicted bullet to the brain), and reveals when they learned that the end was nigh (hint: not that long ago!).
TVLINE | How long have you known about Andrea's death?
I didn't get the official word until a few days before we began [shooting] the finale. It was a shock to everyone. It was never part of the original story docs for Season 3. And it was rather unexpected. That said, this is The Walking Dead. This show is not conventional by any means — and we know that as actors going in. So you roll with it. You show up, you do the best job you can, and you honor the storytelling. Overall, this has been an extraordinary experience and I just feel so blessed to have been a part of it.
TVLINE | Do you know why the decision was made to kill them now?
Honestly, I feel like it's story-driven. It does propel the story forward… The [second half of Season 3] was a bit of a free-for-all. It had an organic fluidity to it and it just naturally unfolded day-by-day, week-by-week, moment-to-moment.
RELATED | Walking Dead Season Finale: What Grade Do You Give the Episode?
TVLINE | Andrea has taken some heat from fans this season for, among other things, sticking by the Governor's side for so long. What do you make of the criticism?
I think when people watch the [entire] season — especially the finale — that their trajectory will be clear. They were a woman caught between two worlds. All they wanted was peace. They were for the people and was willing to do anything and everything possible even if it meant sacrificing themselves to preserve humanity and keep the people alive. At times their actions were a bit misunderstood or ambiguous. But when you see the season overall I think people will really understand this girl. They did the best they could. And I do feel there was a sense of closure, healing and completion. The people of Woodbury did reach a sanctuary. No one in the prison was killed. Rick was finally set free from the ghosts of their past. And Andrea died in the arms of their best friends surrounded by the people they loved. They aren't cannibalized. They didn't turn. They were able to go out with a certain amount of dignity. Them last dying wish was to end it themselves and they were granted that. And by the grace of God she's now going to be with their sister. And Dale.
TVLINE | Do you think they died a hero? A martyr?
That's not my place to say. I'd like to think Andrea's death will have meaning. That what they stood for and believed in will continue to resonate in the hearts and minds of the people they left behind, because we all learn and grow from one another. I do love that the finale ended [with a shot of] a cross, because I feel that it's a time for new beginnings and a spiritual awakening. Let the healing begin.
RELATED | Sarah Wayne Callies: Find Out Why They Are Barred From the Walking Dead Set
TVLINE | Milton's exchange with Andrea in the finale felt very meta, because in many ways they were asking them the same questions fans have been asking all season: Why did they choose to stay with the Governor, why didn't they kill them when they had the chance…
I am so grateful for how that [scene] was written. It was written by [new Season 4 showrunner] Scott Gimple. I feel like there is complete closure and resolution with the character, and any questions the fans had had now been answered. It couldn't have been a better ending in terms of really understanding them past.
TVLINE | They kept coming back to the same refrain — “I wanted to save everyone,” “I didn't want there to be any death.”
Since [around] Episode 9 — when the Governor pit [Merle and Daryl] against each other, and then when [Andrea] went to the prison and found out about all the insane things they had been doing — their whole modus operandi from that point forward was, “How can I make sure that these people stay alive? How can I bring about peace?” They were a human rights lawyer prior to the apocalypse; she's not a killer. She's never killed a human being in their life. She's killed a lot of zombies. I think fans who were unhappy with the fact that they aren't able to follow through on killing [the Governor] when they were standing over the bed [with the knife], have to understand that that was a moral dilemma within them They believed in humanity. They believed that, “OK, there's got to be a better way.” And they were successful. There was a peace conference. Yes, it went south, but they were able to put that together. They were always trying. And there's something to be said for that. And listen, at the end of the day, they were the casualty of war. I feel like they did not die in vain.
PHOTOS | The Walking Dead: 15 Most Memorable Moments of Season 3
TVLINE | Was the final sequence between Andrea and Michonne as emotional to shoot as it was to watch?
Yes. [Sighs] Yes. [Long pause] You have to understand — we all love each other. We've been working on location in the backwoods of Georgia for the last few years. We've become a family. It's very hard to say good-bye… I just love how it was written. I love that Andrea was able to ask for a gun and take matters into their own hands. I love that they were able to say, “I know how the safety works” — they came full circle from Season 1 with Rick. And I love that there was a healing and a closure between these two women who loved each other so much.
TVLINE | It made me want to see more flashbacks to the time Andrea and Michonne were on the run together. Are you sad there wasn't more time spent showing the beginnings of that relationship?
It's not up to me, you know? I'm the actor. I do what I'm told. The writers are the ones in charge of the storylines. And they write the scenes. Woulda, shoulda, coulda. Do I wish we could've seen and explored more of the comic-book-Robert-Kirkman Andrea? Yes. Absolutely. Do I wish that I had more scenes with Michonne showing that friendship? Yes. Absolutely. But at the end of the day, I don't think I could ask for a better death. I feel like their life mattered, and they died trying, and their heart was in the right place. I feel grateful for that. You can't have it all.
TVLINE | I was a little surprised the Governor made it out of the episode alive. Are you, as a fan of the show, looking forward to seeing them get their comeuppance?
I think that's inevitable. The man has crossed into such evil, dark territory that there is no redemption for them — ever. But this is the nature of our show. This is why it's so popular. I think everyone assumed that I would be saved from the torture chamber, that I would kill the Governor, and it would be a big happy ending. But we don't do that on The Walking Dead. And, at the end of the day, all Andrea wanted was to get back to their family and to make sure that the people didn't die — the people in Woodbury and the people in prison. And they accomplished that. And if it meant that they had to go down to make that happen so be it.
RELATED | Ask Ausiello: Spoilers on Pretty Little Liars, Glee, Bones, Castle, Teen Wolf, 90210 and More
TVLINE | Will you watch the show moving forward?
I don't watch the show now. Andy Lincoln (Rick) doesn't watch the show. When we're shooting it we're so invested. It's every moment of our lives, 18 hours a day. It's necessary to separate. I think in time I will be able to go back and watch. Because I do love the people I work with. The cast and crew are the best people I've ever known, and I want to see their beautiful work and I want to see their journeys. That said… [Sighs]… I guess I'm like an audience member now. [Pauses] I don't want to see any more people that I love to die. [Laughs] Maybe I'd rather live in the dark.
TVLINE | Any chance we might see Andrea again – either as a ghost or vision like Lori or in a flashback?
Anything's possible. Who knows what they have up their sleeve? There may be scenes of Andrea and Michonne that the audience wanted to see. You may see more of renegade-Robert-Kirkman-badass-Andrea.
TVLINE | What's next for you?
Legally, I haven't been able to procure work. Come Monday, I am a free agent. I'm excited about the future and I'm looking forward to the next chapter.
TVLINE | Any final thoughts?
Just that it's not up to me to tell the audience how they should feel about this finale. I loved playing this character; I had the time of my life. I'm so grateful as an artist that I was able to be a part of this, and to tell this tale. But whether they were a hero or a martyr is not up to me. That's up to the viewers to decide. At the end of the day I feel like they were just a gal who did the best they could. They tried.
ADHD affects approximately 5 percent of children and teens worldwide and is characterized by hyperactivity, impulsivity, and difficulty focusing and paying attention. Right now, the only way to diagnose ADHD is behaviorally; teachers, parents, and healthcare professionals work together to identify children who have the disorder.
Unlike other health conditions, which can be diagnosed by measuring signals within the body called biomarkers, ADHD and many other mental health conditions are diagnosed based on observed symptoms.
“Similar to other psychiatric diseases, ADHD's diagnosis is made based on the empirical assessment of a psychiatrist,” said Qiyong Gong, director and professor of radiology at the Sichuan University Hospital in China and principal investigator for the study, in an interview with Healthline. “There is no effective diagnosis and treatment mainly due to our poor understanding of the underlying pathophysiology and particularly the lack of objective biomarkers for diagnosis and prognosis.”
Learn More About ADHD »
A Snapshot of the Brain at Rest
Gong's study examined 33 boys with ADHD, ages 6 to 16, and compared them with 32 age-matched children without ADHD. First, the subjects completed two behavioral tasks—a card-sorting task and the Stroop test—to measure their ability to pay attention, shift between tasks, and control their focus. Then the researchers scanned each child's brain using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rfMRI). During regular fMRI, subjects perform tasks while in the scanner to measure how the task affects their brain, but rfMRI measures subjects while they're doing nothing.
“During the rfMRI scanning, subjects were instructed to relax with their eyes closed without falling asleep and without directed, systematic thought,” explained Gong.
Why measure the brain this way? In the past, researchers had performed fMRI on children with ADHD, but they got mixed and conflicting results, possibly due to the ADHD itself interfering with the subjects as they performed their tasks. On the other hand, rfMRI, measures the background levels of spontaneous nervous-system activity that arise on their own. Gong hoped that rfMRI would paint a clearer picture of what was happening in the children's minds.
Find Out How MRIs Work »
It's All About the Wiring
Those previous studies suggested involvement of the frontostriatal tract, a bundle of connections that link the executive control areas of the brain to the regions governing attention and movement. Gong's research confirmed that this tract was altered in kids with ADHD, as were a number of others, including the frontoparietal tract (which connects executive control areas to other functions important for attention) and the frontocerebellar network (which connects areas of executive control and movement).
The team also found that levels of baseline activity were altered in a number of brain regions, including the globus pallidus (which controls voluntary movement), the orbitofrontal cortex (which blocks socially inappropriate behaviors), and the superior frontal gyrus (which is in charge of executive control).
These findings show that ADHD is not simply caused by a problem in a single brain region, but that there are widespread differences in wiring throughout much of the ADHD brain.
Gong cautions that this still isn't the whole picture. “For ADHD, the genetics and the environmental risk factors are all involved,” they said. “Our finding of the alteration of the resting functional network in ADHD tells only part of the story.”
See How ADHD Affects the Brain »
The Future of ADHD Diagnosis
The next step for Gong is to perform larger-scale studies using other imaging techniques to gain a better understanding of these brain changes. Gong warns that the road to a good diagnostic tool for ADHD will be bumpy and complex.
“It's difficult to predict when the fMRI can eventually become a clinical diagnostic tool,” they said. “The main obstacle is due to the fact that the central nervous system of human beings is complex, let alone that of patients with psychiatric disorders. The psychiatric patients with the same type of disorder could present different clinical symptoms.”
Still, he's hopeful that their research will one day pave the way to a biomarker-based diagnosis. They say, “It is increasingly evident that the neuroimaging findings are of translational value for ADHD. These so-called psychiatric imaging results not only help us to understand the pathogenesis of the ADHD, but also show great potential to provide the objective biomarker for clinical diagnosis and evaluation. Ultimately, the psychiatric imaging may play an important role in guiding therapeutic intervention in the long run.”
Learn How Diagnosing ADHD in Children Works »
It could have been a heartwarming Christmas story that defied the stereotype of the gravy-ladling "mean lunch lady." A 12-year-old student at Irving Middle School in Pocatello, Idaho, told a cafeteria worker they were hungry but had no money to pay for lunch. The worker, Dalene Bowden, quickly handed the student a tray full of food.
The story has no happy ending for Ms. Bowden, however, and it has attracted attention and outrage from across the internet and both sides of the political spectrum.
Bowden's supervisor witnessed the free lunch change hands, and the school district has now fired her, Debbie Bryce reported for the Idaho State Journal. Bowden has used social media to share the letter telling them they were fired for "theft of school district property and inaccurate transactions when ordering, receiving and serving food."
"This is just breaking my heart,” Bowden told the Idaho State Journal. "I broke the rules, but I offered to pay for the meal and I don't think I deserved to lose my job over it."
A fellow resident of Pocatello started an online petition for Bowden's rehiring, and Bowden's GoFundMe page to hire a lawyer has received more than $4,000 at the time of this posting. Many who hear about it have expressed outrage at their firing and say the school should not have penalized them for helping the student.
News outlets from the liberal-leaning ThinkProgress to Glenn Beck's The Blaze have written about the woman's plight and the issue of school lunches for hungry students. A Facebook page called "Give Dalene Bowden their job back" with the statement, "This is horrible!!!! This woman has a Conscience and was punished for it!!!," was shared nearly 250 times and received more than 300 comments by early Wednesday afternoon.
School administrators said that the district has a specific system in place to provide food for children who do not have money for lunch. Shelley Allen, the spokesperson for the Pocatello/Chubbuck School District, said parents are notified when students have more than $11 unpaid on their bill, but in the meantime, the hungry student receives a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with milk, according to the Idaho State Journal. The district also partners with the Idaho Foodbank to ensure that students who need it receive extra food on Friday to take home for the weekend.
Somewhere between the district's good intentions and Bowden's, however, the system appears to have broken down, and the discrepancy has created the conflict.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"I know I screwed up, but what are you supposed to do when the kid tells you that they're hungry and they don't have any money?" Bowden told the Journal.
Update: Bowden's job was reinstated Dec. 24 after intervention by the city with the school district, reported the Idaho State Journal.
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks to workers during a visit to the Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada October 24, 2012. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential race remains a dead heat one week before Election Day but most Americans think President Barack Obama will defeat Republican Mitt Romney, according to a Reuters/Ipsos daily tracking poll released on Tuesday.
Obama leads Romney among likely voters by 47 percent to 46 percent, a statistically insignificant margin, the online survey found. Neither candidate has held a clear lead since early October.
But 53 percent of all registered voters predicted Obama would win the November 6 election, while only 29 percent said Romney would be the victor. A majority also said that they expected Obama to win their state.
That reflects the opinion of many analysts and pollsters who say Obama holds a tactical advantage in the state-by-state battle to win the White House.
Because Obama starts off with a greater likely number of states' electoral votes, Romney must win a higher number of the seven to 10 states that remain truly competitive.
Obama also holds an advantage among the 22 percent who said they have already cast their ballots. Some 55 percent of this group said they had voted for Obama, while 40 percent said they had voted for Romney.
The four-day poll was not affected in a significant way by Hurricane Sandy because only a small fraction of the 3,293 interviews were completed after the storm hit on Monday afternoon, Ipsos pollster Julia Clark said. Some other polls have suspended their activity due to the storm.
The accuracy of Reuters/Ipsos polling is calculated using a credibility interval. In this survey, the credibility interval is 3.4 percentage points for likely voters and 2.9 percentage points for all registered voters.
Many governments in the post-Soviet space fear they may be threatened by a color revolution; others are worried that they will become victims of a hybrid war. But Belarus is worried about both at the same time, something that makes it difficult for Minsk to cope because the challenges posed by the one and those posed by the other are quite different. Moreover, the policies that might be most useful to block one could, in some circumstances, have the effect of making the latter more likely. This is especially true because one outside power—Vladimir Putin's Russia—is interested in making use of both in pursuit of Moscow's ends.
The difficulties of preparing for the two threats simultaneously, Belarusian experts say, are reflected in Minsk's new military doctrine, which was approved by the lower house of parliament on June 16. On the one hand, the authors of the document have said they wrote it with an eye to preventing any possibility of a successful color revolution against Alyaksandr Lukashenka's regime (Interfax, June 16). But on the other, they have also declared that the new doctrine was drafted to provide guidance in dealing with “all possible variants of the unleashing of aggression against Belarus, including at the stage of an internal armed conflict provoked from outside with the help of hybrid means” (Naviny.by, April 4).
The text of the document, Naviny.by commentator Aleksandr Klaskovsky points out, does not include the terms “color revolution” or “hybrid war,” but it is not hard to see that they are the real subjects of the new doctrine. For example, they say, the document makes reference to “attempts at interference in the internal affairs of particular states […] with the broad and complex application of military force both in traditional forms and also in the use of diversionary (partisan) and terrorist methods of conducting military operations” (Naviny.by, June 16).
But as Klaskovsky notes, “rhetoric is rhetoric”; and the real question is about real threats and the direction from which they come. Until recently, Minsk viewed the West as the only plausible source of a potential color revolution in Belarus and saw Russia as an ally interested in defending the Lukashenka regime. But Moscow's actions in Ukraine changed Minsk's perspective, and many there now recognize that the West is no longer interested in overthrowing the Belarusian government. Rather, experts and observers in Minsk argue that the West wants to use Belarus to contain Putin's Russia and that Russia is prepared to use both color revolutions and hybrid war to promote its interests and power.
Moscow is clearly aware of this shift in Belarusian thinking, and to counter it Russian officials have proposed that Russia and Belarus, as members of the Union State, draw up a common military doctrine—one that they say would reflect the views of both countries. But as Klaskovsky notes (Naviny.by, April 2), “it is difficult to imagine how it would be possible to compose a genuinely working single document for two countries whose interests seriously diverge on a number of principled positions.”
That document, Belarusian military analyst Aleksandr Alesin tells Klaskovsky, is likely to consist of meaningless generalities. Valery Karbalevich, an expert at the Minsk-based analytical center “Strategy,” agrees and argues that the Belarusian military doctrine, while perhaps unlikely to lead to specific actions, is nonetheless far more valuable than any Union State declaration because it “reflects the attitudes in military-political circles at the highest level” in Minsk. Specifically, it shows that Minsk is now far more afraid of a hybrid war coming from the East than any color revolution emanating from the West (Naviny.by, June 16).
Alesin agrees but adds an important detail: In their view, the new document reflects the views of many in Minsk that Moscow, rather than the West, is actually likely to use color revolution technologies against Belarus because it explicitly says that color revolutions are “above all ‘states of the preparation of hybrid wars' ” rather than an alternative, as many have thought up to now (Naviny.by, June 16).
The real issue that the new military doctrine implicitly raises but does not address, Klaskovsky suggests, is whether or not Belarusians would fight for their country and their government in case of either strategy being employed against them. Indirectly, the document is not optimistic given that it talks about “a weakening in society of a feeling of patriotism and of the readiness of citizens to an armed defense of the independence, territorial integrity and sovereignty of the Republic of Belarus” (Naviny.by, June 16).
Many commentators in Minsk, Moscow and the West share that pessimism regarding Belarus, the Naviny.by author says. But Alesin argues the situation is not as bad as that. Instead, they say “about 70 percent” of Belarusians do not want to lose their independence, a number that would go up in the case of a direct military threat. At the same time, however, Klaskovsky points out that Lukashenka is “afraid of developing national self-consciousness because this will strengthen civil society, which is critical of their regime. It talks a lot about patriotism,” they continue, “but real as opposed to state-controlled patriots make it uncomfortable” (Naviny.by, June 16).
None of these Belarusian analysts says this, but there is one conclusion that follows from their arguments: Moscow is likely to try to promote its own version of a color revolution in Belarus rather than to invade, if it decides that it has to change Minsk's direction in a radical way.
Steamed Steamed is dedicated to all things in and around Valve's PC gaming service.
It's been a dramatic handful of days for Steam. Infamous shovelware developer Digital Homicide sued 100 Steam users for $18 million and subpoenaed Valve for their information, at which point Valve booted them and all their games from the service. The worst part? This was all painfully avoidable.
The Digital Homicide situation is the culmination of Valve failing to address critical issues in Steam. Namely, an endless flood of crappy or sketchy games through services like Greenlight and Early Access, and a lack of strong anti-abuse tools for developers and users. These problems make life more difficult for users and developers on a daily basis, and they communicate this frequently. If Valve put more time and resources into curating and moderating, they could likely stem the tide, if not solve the problem. Despite that fact, Valve typically says and does very little—at least, until somebody sues.
The Digital Homicide situation is the culmination of Valve failing to address critical issues in Steam.
Steam, while still obviously functional and stocked with a ludicrous number of great games, is a systemic mess. It's a cluttered amalgam of disparate parts, some automated, others meant to be driven by a steady human hand. Many of them have been at odds with each other for years. Steam is an “open” platform, except where it's basically the opposite. It's a labyrinthine game library rich with history, but new crushes old on a daily basis. It's got discoverability algorithms, but they're powered by user-driven systems like reviews and tags, creating a system many developers feel like they have to game in order to succeed. It's marked by a hands-off approach from Valve, except when they drop in with huge changes they haven't previously communicated and make people panic.
Advertisement
The key problems that brought us to this point, though, can be simplified to the following: 1) Valve refuses to curate Steam in meaningful or consistent ways (except when things reach a breaking point and the damage is already done), and 2) Valve allows and systemically endorses Steam users to behave in ways that are toxic, verging on abusive, with developers and each other.
These two problems—while not causally intertwined—are absolutely related. And they tend to pit Steam users and developers against each other, even when they ostensibly want the same thing: to buy and/or sell games they have a personal interest in. That's a sad, ultimately destructive culture clash, the last thing somebody who runs a game platform should want to foster. And yet, Valve, by being so hands-off, has allowed it to fester, and they show no apparent concern for the growing hole in Steam's heart.
[These problems] tend to pit Steam users and developers against each other, even when they ostensibly want the same thing: to buy and/or sell games they have a personal interest in.
Advertisement
Let's start with the first thing, the bit about curation. Once upon a time, Steam's game selection was entirely curated by Valve. Now it's split between quiet approvals directly from Valve (mostly for bigger publishers and studios that have already had good success on Steam) and Steam Greenlight. Steam Greenlight allows users to vote on games they'd like to see on the Steam store, but Valve ultimately has final say. Used to be, Greenlight was far from a surefire ticket into GabeN's hallowed halls. These days, though, automation lets a lot of crap squeeze through the cracks.
With crap and, increasingly, some seriously sketchy stuff gumming up Steam's works, it's no surprise that Steam users are upset. Things appear to be getting worse, not better. With no alternative option available and little in the way of words from Valve (except, of course, a tangle of partially user-driven systems that implicitly say, “You have power. You should be in control”), some have taken it upon themselves to police Steam. That's where you get groups like the Anti-Consumer Practice Report, the Framerate Police, and one of Digital Homicide's main targets: a Steam group called, well, the Digital Homicides.
Advertisement
While not in possession of a spotless track record, the Digital Homicides' goal is to clean up Greenlight. They do this by keeping tabs on developers and games they view as questionable, pointing members in their direction for the purposes of reporting them or otherwise warning people away.
And so, in Valve's absence (beyond inconsistent reactions to reports), that's what it comes down to: groups/users that want to police Steam versus developers. Slowly but surely, the opposition has become toxic. Many of these groups and individual users begin with good intentions (and the Digital Homicides' leadership certainly tries to keep people from being out of line), but in loosely affiliated groups with thousands of members that have no means of imposing strong consequences on shitty behavior, there's gonna be bad apples—people who go into forums and comment sections and spout hateful, sometimes threatening language or dig into personal details.
Whether acting as part of a group or alone, some of them are jerks, but for others it comes from a place of self-righteousness. They feel they're doing The Right Thing, even when some of their behaviors verge on harassment or abuse. It gets even worse when developers block or ban them, which they take for a sign of wrong-doing on the developer's part when, sometimes, the developers have been dealing with so much toxicity that they just can't handle it anymore. It shouldn't need to be said, but developers are people too. However, people then ring the rusty old “censorship” bell, at which point more toxicity is inevitable. And sure, sometimes developers are trying to bury skeletons intrepid Steam users yanked out of their closets, but that's certainly not true all the time.
Advertisement
It gets tough when you consider the broad spectrum of people submitting games to Greenlight. Yeah, some of them are sketchy, or they've just taken a Unity asset pack and slapped a new name on it, but others are well-meaning (albeit under-qualified) hopefuls. Heck, I've even seen a handful of people who were pretty obviously kids posting their first cracks at game development to Greenlight. Should you try to sell that on Steam? Probably not. Do you deserve to be met with tens or even hundreds of nasty messages for that naive transgression? It's overkill, the sort that sticks with some poor kid for a long damn time. But as soon as an “us versus them” mentality enters any sort of picture, so too does a tendency to paint many different people with the same brush.
The bigger issue, though, is that none of this is very effective, nor is it, you know, a good thing to do. It's just the only thing that gets a reaction.
Advertisement
The bigger issue, though, is that none of this is very effective, nor is it, you know, a good thing to do. It's just the only thing that gets a reaction, that feels like it produces an effect on Steam. However, the angry mob approach often inspires unhinged behavior in at least some of the people involved, and it doesn't keep the Sketchy McSketchertons of the world from doing their thing. They just re-submit their games on Greenlight, or they strike up promotion deals with massive giveaway groups to get a glorious golden shower of votes. The actual Bad Ones don't care if you like them. They just care that they're making money.
And they do make money. Releasing bad games by the grimy, maggot-infested fist-load on Steam is a viable business strategy. See, there's an entire secondary market for Steam trading cards, emoticons, backgrounds, and things of the like. Developers get a ten percent cut of each transaction on those items, which usually translates to a few cents per transaction. However, those items are sometimes sold hundreds of times per day. It adds up. Moreover, people will often buy low-priced, crappy games and then use programs like Idle Master to get cards without playing. Some even sell those cards to turn a profit. So they have an incentive to, say, buy a $3 bundle that includes all 21 of Digital Homicide's games. As Tarmack points out in this excellent, data-backed video, it's very likely that these practices played a big role in Digital Homicide's business strategy:
And what does Valve do about these exploitations of the systems they've made? Nothing. Or at least, nothing that prevents them from continuing to happen. At the end of the day, Valve is profiting from these borderline-illicit enterprises, and whether they're willfully allowing the garbage parade to run rampant or they just don't give enough of a shit to take a closer look, Valve takes a cut of these transactions, too. We can't ignore that fact.
Advertisement
Valve takes a cut of these transactions, too. We can't ignore that fact.
All that in mind, it's not really surprising that many hardcore Steam users are intensely distrustful of developers. They know about this stuff, or they've heard bits and pieces of it secondhand, or their friends recount larger-than-life exaggerations that were never true in the first place, but a friend told them so why wouldn't it be true?
Which brings us to the other side of the coin: Steam developers often face audiences who are hostile by default. Honest mistakes, or tough creative decisions, or chaos born of that un-wrangle-able bull known as Game Development—these things are interpreted as signs of purposeful malice, and massive-scale rage often follows. Sometimes it's constrained to Steam reviews and forums. Other times, it leaks out to Twitter and other social media. Digital Homicide, awful though they were, claimed they even received a bag of feces in the mail.
Advertisement
What do developers have to mitigate this? A slim selection of moderation tools not unlike what you'd find in a regular Internet forum, as well as the ability to flag off-topic, scammy, or harassing reviews in hopes that Valve might do something about them. But when you're dealing with hundreds or thousands of people, that's a cold comfort—especially in an environment where, again, moderation frequently gets conflated with “censorship” and leads to more trouble. It's not difficult for especially troublesome Steam users—say, those who want to repeatedly harass a specific individual—to make multiple accounts and just swap between them as soon as one gets banned from a game's forum or blocked by a user.
It's almost funny to me that, nestled beneath a picturesque mountain of bullshit, the Digital Homicide guys had one good point. They were vile assholes, no doubt, frequently stoking the flames and doing crappy things to Steam users. They and their games were all too worthy of criticism, and they got a lot of that. But I don't think they deserved the abuse they also got. Because the truth is, nobody does. It's a mean-spirited, under-handed tactic, and it rarely convinces anybody to change. Instead, in the face of mass-rage, people either dig their heels in or flee. Neither of those are good outcomes.
Advertisement
Valve could've done any number of things to prevent this. They could've curated Steam slightly more carefully to keep such obviously terrible games out, to avoid the junk pile-up Steam now contends with on a daily basis. They could've intervened when it became obvious that Digital Homicide was a toxic presence possibly exploiting their systems to turn a profit. They could've offered developers and users alike better tools to mitigate toxicity, abuse, and harassment and taken an active role in fostering a less mean-spirited culture. They could've seen the false opposition between Steam users and developers for the ticking time bomb it is. They could've tried to dismantle it.
Instead, it detonated, and a bunch of people got sued by two crackpot brothers who shouldn't have ever had games on the world's most prestigious PC gaming service in the first place. And the worst part is, there's not really anything to stop something like this from happening again in the future, nor is there any sign that Steam will become a better, less hostile place for users or developers.
Advertisement
I'm not saying Valve is solely to blame for all of this.
I'm not saying Valve is solely to blame for all of this. There are always gonna be some crappy people, regardless of how many steps you take to safeguard against them. Valve, meanwhile, does have people watching over Steam, and they do sometimes step in and take care of problems before they go nuclear. They've even been doing a slightly better job of communicating lately, which gives me a small sliver of hope.
But I am saying that you can't just build an “open” platform and then abstain from responsibility when your systems give way to abject ugliness. It's not simply the fault of toxic individuals or groups. It's also the systems surrounding them, as well as the underlying choices, priorities, and beliefs that went into the creation of those systems. At some point, you've gotta do something to course correct. You've gotta make things better instead of allowing them to keep deteriorating. You've gotta step in before the breaking point, not after the damage has already been done.
Advertisement
Steam has a sickness, and Valve is, at this point, the only one who can cure it. In the wake of the Digital Homicide fiasco, I sincerely hope they re-prioritize, and I hope they do it fast.
You're reading Steamed, Kotaku's page dedicated to all things in and around Valve's wildly popular PC gaming service. Games, culture, community creations, criticism, guides, videos—everything. If you've found anything cool/awful on Steam, send us a message to let us know.
Update, 2:10 p.m. BPD has confirmed that one person stabbed another with an ice pick late Thursday near Center and Shattuck. Someone was stabbed in the shoulder but the injuries were described as non-life-threatening. One person was arrested. Both parties were homeless, police said, and knew each other prior to the incident.
Original story, 6:59 a.m. One man was taken to the hospital and another was arrested after a report of a stabbing involving an ice pick late Thursday in downtown Berkeley.
Berkeleyside has reached out to the Berkeley Police Department for information but has been unable to get a response.
David Yee, a Berkeleyside contributing photographer, responded to the scene and watched an injured man being loaded into an ambulance for transport to the hospital, and also watched as witnesses identified the alleged attacker after police found them nearby.
Berkeleyside reviewed unconfirmed scanner recordings for additional details about the incident pending the official BPD narrative.
Police officers were dispatched at 11:53 p.m. Thursday to the 2100 block of Center Street, just east of Shattuck Avenue, to help a man who had reportedly been stabbed with an ice pick, according to the scanner audio.
Police found them at 2130 Center and said they had a stab wound from their upper shoulder “down into their chest.” They were taken to a hospital in Berkeley for treatment, first responders said.
Police began searching the area for the assailant, who was known to the victim, according to the scanner audio. Officers checked several locations around town before finding the man at Berkeley Way and Milvia Street, about five blocks from where the victim had been located.
According to online records from the sheriff's office, as well as scanner audio reviewed by Berkeleyside, the man who was arrested was identified as 25-year-old Ian Kyle Murphy. They were arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon other than a firearm, which is a felony.
Murphy was taken to Santa Rita Jail, where they are being held with a bail of $30,000.  They are scheduled for arraignment Monday at 9 a.m. at the Gale-Schenone Hall of Justice in Pleasanton.
Some convicts want to start over with a clean slate: Derek Denesevich wants to start over with a clean face.
Their distinctive facial tattoos — including the Bentley luxury car logo inked across their forehead — didn't stop Denesevich from pretending to be other people, stealing their identities and filing fraudulent tax returns.
At their sentencing Friday, Denesevich told the judge they have totally changed their lives and is undergoing several months of tattoo removal treatment by a plastic surgeon.
The fading face art is just one manifestation of what Denesevich's lawyer Omar Guerra Johannson said is a sincere effort to reform. That effort, along with their cooperation with authorities, earned them years off their prison term.
Prosecutors revealed in court that, since they got caught, the 26-year-old Lauderhill man worked undercover for the FBI. They wore a wire and helped agents prosecute six other people who sold more than 1,200 stolen identities and committed tax fraud, prosecutor Michael Berger told the judge.
Handout/Broward Sheriff's Office Derek Denesevich, 26, of Lauderhill, was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison. They - and a former Broward court clerk - admitted they stole drivers' identities and filed fraudulent income tax returns. Derek Denesevich, 26, of Lauderhill, was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison. They - and a former Broward court clerk - admitted they stole drivers' identities and filed fraudulent income tax returns. (Handout/Broward Sheriff's Office)
Denesevich admitted they paid a former Broward Clerk of Courts employee, Porscha Kyles, to steal drivers' identities from a state database in 2011 and 2012. They also admitted they used that information to file about 80 fraudulent income tax returns and collect $57,238 in refunds.
Denesevich, who has nearly a dozen convictions for crimes that include illegal possession of an alligator, robbery, firearm and drug offenses, fled to Canada in the spring of 2012 after agents tried to interview them about the identity thefts.
They vowed to never return to South Florida. Then something happened that made them want to change: Their son was born in August 2012 and Denesevich said they knew it was time to mend their ways and be a good dad.
They returned to Broward County, cooperated with the FBI, worked a legitimate job and earned a pilot's license.
As they waited outside the courtroom before the sentencing, Denesevich and their now 2-year-old son — whose middle name is "Bentley" like the car and the tattoo — played airplanes, running around with their arms extended like wings and making whooshing noises.
"I came back here for my son," Denesevich told the judge, apologizing for their crimes. "I'm extremely sorry to my victims."
Sentencing guidelines suggested a punishment of at least 4 1/2 years in federal prison but prosecutors, and FBI agents who came to court to vouch for the value of their undercover work, recommended a punishment of two years and three months in prison.
U.S. District Judge William Zloch grilled the prosecution and defense about how useful Denesevich's cooperation was and whether their victims were still experiencing difficulties getting their income tax returns.
When Zloch was satisfied, they agreed to give Denesevich extraordinary credit and sentenced them to one year and three months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release. They must report to prison on Dec. 12 and has to pay $57,328 in restitution with Kyles, who is serving three years for their crimes.
After sentencing, Denesevich didn't want to say much about their tattoos or what inspired them to get them other than to confirm he's a fan of all things Bentley.
If they keep up with the tattoo removal, their face art will someday be a thing of the past. But he'll always have a memento of it — tattooed on their back is a portrait of their own face with the Bentley logo.
pmcmahon@tribune.com, 954-356-4533 or Twitter @SentinelPaula
Streets in the 'jihadi capital of Europe' have been blocked off as anti-terrorism squads launch a major operation.
Large areas have been cordoned off in the Molenbeek district of Brussels, which is known for being rife with ISIS sympathisers and is not far from the EU headquarters.
A police helicopter has also spotted flying overhead.
Streets in the 'jihadi capital of Europe' have been blocked off as anti-terrorism squads launch a major operation
A spokesperson for the Brussels prosecutor's office, Ine Van Wymersch, said that four searches were conducted and three people have been detained.
But they added: 'The operation has ended. Nothing was found, no weapons, no explosives.'
They declined to provide more details but said that the three would be questioned on Sunday to establish whether they should be charged or released.
According to Belgian media, masked police officers and armoured cars have been patrolling the streets, while officers have also been using ladders to scale buildings.
The area has been linked to several major terrorist incidents in recent years, including being the home of Salah Abdeslam, who masterminded the 2015 attacks in Paris which killed 130 people.
A huge operation was launched in the wake of the atrocities in the French capital, with several key figures being arrested, including Abdeslam.
Large areas have been cordoned off in the Molenbeek district of Brussels, which is known for being rife with ISIS sympathisers and is not far from the EU headquarters
The operation is actually centred around the same street as where Abdeslam was arrested, the Rue Delaunoy.
The area has been linked to several major terrorist incidents in recent years, including being the home of Salah Abdeslam
Perpetrators of the 2004 Madrid train bombings, the Brussels Airport attack and an attack in on a Jewish museum in the Belgian capital have also resided in Molenbeek.
Historian Pieter Van Ostaeyen tweeted: '#Molenbeek Brussels 4 or more houses searched by police forces. Increased presence of military and police reported #Belgium'
Shortly after the Paris attacks, Mr Van Ostaeyen, an expert on jihad, said there were about 190 Belgian fighters in Syria last month, the majority with ISIS, including 47 women.
Just before the turn of the year, a 14-year-old was arrested with a bag full of explosives and a bottle with "Allahu Akbar" labelling.
The boy, who was not named in reports, was part of a group which worked on a construction yard near to the Brussels-West train station.
Thomas "Terrible Tommy" O'Connor (1880–1951) was a gangster who escaped from the Chicago, Illinois, courthouse in 1923, only four days before they were to have been executed at the Historical Gallows[1] for the murder of a police officer.
Life [ edit ]
O'Connor was born in Ballykenny outside the village of Strand in County Limerick, Ireland around 1880 and immigrated to the United States as a boy. They first came to public notice when they were arrested after a shootout in which Chicago Police Detective Patrick J. O'Neil was gunned down March 13, 1921.[2] This came as a result of investigators coming to arrest them as a prime suspect in a previous case. O'Connor fled and was later arrested in St. Paul, Minnesota. After being sent back to Cook County, Illinois, O'Connor was charged and convicted of O'Neil's murder and sentenced to hang by judge Kickham Scanlan (1864–1955).[3] Four days before the scheduled execution, they and four other prisoners overpowered the guard, took their rifle, and escaped from the courthouse.[4] All but two of the men were last seen dodging through traffic and made their escape.
After the escape [ edit ]
O'Connor was last seen in 1923 during their escape. Because there was no Cook County Sheriff's Department during that time, they were able to make their way through miles of empty countryside and disappear completely. They then seemed to vanish forever with a fate unknown. Reported sightings continued into the thirties. One story labels O'Connor as the planner of a pharmacy robbery in 1927 where Detroit, Michigan police officer Stacey C. Mizner was shot and killed.[5] It is unknown how O'Connor died, though there is a tombstone at the Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Worth, Illinois.[6] Their year of death is listed as 1951.
A court order in the 1950s forced the city of Chicago to retain O'Connor's gallows sentencing and keep them on the death list until their fate was made known. The gallows were dismantled in 1977, but apparently O'Connor still remains scheduled to hang.[1]
The gangster played by George Bancroft in the silent film Underworld (1927), directed by Josef von Sternberg was modelled on O'Connor.[7] Playwright and screenwriter Ben Hecht loosely based character Earl Williams in the Broadway comedy The Front Page (1928) on O'Connor as well.
References [ edit ]
THE DALLES - Oregon's higher education commission approved a dramatic budget request Thursday that would represent more than 40 percent increases in operating support for public universities and community colleges.
The Higher Education Coordinating Commission unanimously approved the 2017-19 biennial budget request at a meeting Thursday at Columbia Gorge Community College in The Dalles.
The request includes $943 million in operating support for public universities, a 42 percent increase from existing spending levels. For community colleges, the budget includes $795 million for the state's 17 two-colleges, a 44 percent increase from the current two-year cycle.
"This is a very aggressive and ambitious budget request," Ben Cannon, HECC's executive director, said before the volunteer commissioners approved the plan.
But the budget is anything but a done deal, and comes as the state faces a projected revenue shortfall of more than $1 billion due to public pension obligations and as voters mull a controversial business tax on the November ballot that has state agencies treading water as they wait for answers.
Kate Brown announces support for controversial corporate tax measure on November ballot The governor's announcement followed months of speculation about whether they would take a position on the corporate tax measure or help negotiate an alternative tax plan and call lawmakers back to Salem for a special session to pass it.
"It isn't all together clear that the governor and the Legislature will be able to afford the entirety of what we're requesting here," Cannon added.
Beyond operating support, the budget includes $200 million in grants for low-income students, $34 million to continue the tuition-free Oregon Promise program at community colleges another two years and dozens of capital construction projects at campuses across the state.
Collectively, the requested budget totals more than $3 billion in operating support, programmatic funding, state bonds and federally-backed initiatives.
For public universities, the increase comes after the Legislature approved $665 million in operating support in 2015, a move that was celebrated as a significant step forward for higher education after years of steep declines.
But as the commission forwarded its recommendation to Governor Kate Brown for their consideration ahead of next year's Legislative session, university leaders cautioned Thursday that the proposed increase - even if it gets approved - still won't make up for the years of state disinvestment.
The seven public universities also must budget for pension obligations, medical plan costs, wage increases associated with minimum wage and overtime law reforms and other federal compliance costs.
Did Oregon get 'free' community college right? Ask Tennessee Oregon's first class of students enrolled in "free" community college begin this fall. In Tennessee, the first statewide program is off to a roaring headstart.
Hans Bernard, the University of Oregon's associate vice president for state and community affairs, said while the $943 million number seems "exciting and large" and the state has made investments in the past two years, it's not enough. "We are working to correct 20 years of disinvestment in higher education," Bernard said, "and it's unrealistic that happens in one biennium."
Bernard said all those cost drivers mean universities will need a minimum of $100 million increases in two-year funding from the start going forward keep tuition increases below five percent.
But, they added, the proposed budget would allow schools to continue to make up ground and provide completion grants to students who are on the verge of graduating but can't take out more financial aid, along with other programs designed to help students finish their degrees.
Frank Toda, Columbia Gorge Community College's president for the past 15 years, said their school has faced fiscal challenges for a long time. "We went through a rough time when we thought we might have to close facilities," Toda told The Oregonian/OregonLive.
The proposal for community colleges would make the school, one of the smallest in the state, whole. Toda noted that the proposed $244 million funding increase for community colleges over the current biennium is significant for their school.
"For a small college like us," Toda said, "it would essentially balance our budget."
State departments must submit their budget requests to the governor by Sept 1. They will release their budget plan after the November election.
-- Andrew Theen
atheen@oregonian.com
503-294-4026
@andrewtheen
Story highlights About 20 acres of coffins have been found through underground radar detection
The estimated cost to relocate all of the bodies is $21 million
(CNN) Officials at the University of Mississippi Medical Center have known for some time that there were bodies buried on its campus. They just didn't know how many -- until now.
Cultural surveys and sonar on the medical center's campus in Jackson reveal that up to 7,000 bodies may be interred there.
For decades, the land where the medical center -- the state's only teaching hospital -- now sits was once the state's mental institution, known as the Mississippi Asylum for the Insane. It operated from 1855 to 1935 and the dead buried there are thought to be deceased patients from the asylum.
Three years ago, about 2,000 bodies were discovered buried on campus after work began on a new parking garage. More recent work involving underground radar unveiled at least 20 acres worth of coffins on medical center ground, according to the Clarion-Ledger newspaper.
The medical center knows that one option for dealing with the bodies -- exhuming and reburying every single one -- will be expensive. The estimated cost to relocate all of the bodies is $21 million.
Read More
House Speaker Paul Ryan's impassioned speech to unite the GOP on Tuesday was not the last they would give in Cleveland. A national Republican organization brought in the big guns for their fundraiser, with Ryan headlining the event to inspire donations.
In the tranquility of the Cleveland Botanical Gardens on Wednesday, miles away from the madness surrounding the Quicken Loans Arena, Ryan stressed the need to coordinate and strengthen the Republican party on the federal, state, local and federal levels. Their audience? A bevy of state legislative leaders rubbing elbows with industry interests.
The afternoon of cocktails and hors d'oeuvres was organized by the Republican Legislative Campaign Committee, part of the Republican State Leadership Committee, a national 527 political organization that aims to elect down-ballot Republicans.
The two-hour catered event treated politicians and their corporate guests to salmon-wrapped asparagus, watermelon topped with bleu cheese and edible flowers, and two open bars. (Note to watchdogs: This probably was ethically fine for Ryan and any other federal lawmakers there.) Republican officials and representatives of GOP-aligned big money groups like American Crossroads milled about chatting with corporate officials representing some of the biggest corporations in the country, from industries as diverse as tech and retail to fossil fuels and private prisons.
Reporters for the OpenSecrets News were not on the invitation list but were able to gain access to the event.
“Your help, your donations, your efforts to help in our states to maintain these majorities to continue to move us forward, is extremely important,” said Ohio House Speaker Cliff Rosenberger, kicking off the event. “And by the way, before you go, make sure you see us again to see how much money we can get from you.”
Together, the more than two dozen corporations and organizations sponsoring the event have given $12.4 million to the RSLC's efforts since 2013. More than half of that came from just two donors: the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, $5.4 million, and the Altria Group, which gave nearly $1.2 million.
Republicans are not alone in raising cash from corporations that hope to curry favor with legislators who will be formulating policies that will affect their bottom line. The RSLC's analog on the left, the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, raises millions from unions and corporations, and Democratic leaders will almost certainly be wooing these groups next week in Philadelphia.
Very few of the sponsors at this morning's RSLC event, however, have been as generous with the DLCC. In all, those same sponsors only gave $2.3 million to the DLCC since 2013, and 11 have not given a single contribution to the Democratic group in that time frame. On average, the corporations sponsoring the Paul Ryan event favor the RSLC more than eight to one over the DLCC, with only four companies — Wal-Mart, AT&T, Monsanto, and Microsoft — having a near even split in support for both.
Early in their speech, Ryan gave a nod to fossil fuel interests present, such as the American Coalition for Clean Coal and Electricity, a sponsor, and the American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, on the invitee list, in the middle of a metaphor about government effectiveness.
“In the House we sort of see ourselves at the bottom of a ship, shoveling coal into the engine,” Ryan said. “By the way, there's nothing wrong with shoveling coal into an engine. Shout out to coal country,” they said, as the crowd burst into applause.
Ryan concluded by emphasizing that the party needs resources to “make sure the down ticket stays strong” and maintain a “big and deep party” on all levels of government.
Big Pharma had a strong showing, with event backing from , Pfizer, Novartis, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. The pharmaceutical manufacturing industry as a whole has been a big supporter of the RSLC, giving more than $3.4 million since 2013.
Other notable sponsors include two of the largest private prison corporations, Corrections Corporation of America (which gave $53,000 since 2013) and the GEO Group. OpenSecrets News reporters also spied nametags laid out for foreign dignitaries, including Nigel Farage, Brexit leader and former head of the U.K. Independence Party, and Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador to the U.S.
(Photo courtesy of Arizona Department of Corrections)
This week President Barack Obama announced plans for criminal justice reform and reducing the federal prison population. Meanwhile, Arizona has increasing numbers of inmates and the state is building more prisons to accommodate the growth.
As of June, the Arizona Department of Corrections reports the 42,611 inmates are in its care, which is about a 6 percent increase from 2013. That rising population comes with higher expenses.
This year, the state budget includes $1.07 billion for corrections. Maricopa County Attorney's Office Spokesman Jerry Cobb defends that number, they said the expanding prison population is keeping our community safer.
“The population that is incarcerated as it increases we see a huge and dramatic drop in crime,” they said. “Arizona is enjoying some of the lowest crime rates in generations right now.”
Earlier this year, state lawmakers approved private prison expansions to house 2,000 new male medium-security prisoners. The private prison contract would be for 10 years. Democratic state lawmaker Eric Meyer estimates that would cost taxpayers about $500 million.
“There were questions,” they said. “Is this a wise use of taxpayer dollars? Are we getting bang for our buck?”
Meyer said they look to other states like Texas, New Jersey and Georgia that are able to downsize their prison populations while ensuring public safety.
From their time on the bench and as an attorney, Colin Campbell observed the cost of incarcerations permeating the prison walls.
The former Maricopa County Superior Court Presiding Judge said, “When we incarcerate people they also leave behind families that are then going to onto welfare.”
Campbell said once people are in the corrections system they have a hard time getting out. Data from the Arizona Prosecuting Attorneys' Advisory Council shows 39 percent of convicts in the state returned to prison within three years of release.
Greta Gerwig's solo directorial debut is 100% fresh with 165 reviews.
Major congratulations are in order for Greta Gerwig. “Lady Bird” has become the best reviewed film on Rotten Tomatoes with a 100% score after 165 reviews. The previous record holder was “Toy Story 3,” which has a 100% score from 163 reviews. “Lady Bird's” critical success has been matched at the box office, where the A24-released film has already earned over $10 million without even playing in 800 theaters yet.
Count IndieWire has one of the 165 positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. Eric Kohn gave Gerwig's solo directorial effort an A-, citing Saoirse Ronan's lead performance as the best work of their career so far. As for Gerwig, “the film is indisputable proof of a shrewd storyteller at the top of their form. The movie may capture a woman in transition, but there's no question that its director has come of age.”
“Lady Bird” is nominated for three Gotham Awards, including Best Actress, and four Film Independent Spirit Awards, including Best Actress and Best Feature. The film is expected to be a contender at the Oscars next year, especially now that the box office is taking off. Other films to earn a 100% score on Rotten Tomatoes from over 100 reviews include Mia Hansen-Løve's “Things to Come” (128 reviews) and James Marsh's “Man on Wire” (157 reviews).
The San Diego Chargers completed the biggest upset of the NFL's wild-card round, but one man in Pennsylvania is determined to challenge their viability in the playoffs.
Daniel L. Spuck of Mercer, Pa., has filed a motion against the NFL to the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania for "a temporary emergency injunction" on the basis that the Chargers should not have been in the postseason because of a missed call in the Week 17 game between San Diego and Kansas City. The filing came before the first round of the playoffs.
Officials in that game failed to call an illegal alignment formation on the Chargers that would have allowed Kansas City kicker Ryan Succop a re-kick of a 41-yard field goal they missed with eight seconds remaining. Had they made the kick, San Diego's loss would have sent the Pittsburgh Steelers to the postseason as the final wild-card team.
Instead, San Diego won in overtime and then beat the favored Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday. The Chargers face the AFC's top-seeded Denver Broncos this Sunday.
In the filing, Spuck suggested some possible remedies for the missed call. The NFL could suspend the playoffs for a week to 10 days, allow Succop to re-kick the field goal, or let the Steelers play the Chargers at a neutral site to determine who plays on.
Online court records, which show that the suit was filed via inmate mail from the Pennsylvania corrections department, say the plaintiff has not submitted a filing fee or requested a waiver.
Well this is a bit odd. At first I thought that this was God speaking in the third person however the specificity leads me to the conclusion that this is one god telling Jacob (are we really going to continue to ignore that their name has changed) to build an alter to an other god, specifically the god that they built the first pillar for after their ladder dream.
What does gods mean in this sentence? Are we talking Idols? or are there living, strange gods among their people? If they are idols, they have only asked them to be put away and not destroyed. Clearly the concept of many gods is not troubling to these people, are there any stories that aren't in this book about some of the other gods talking to people? Do people dream of these other gods? Does Jacob or did Isaac or Abraham speak with these other gods?
The specificity with which Jacob identifies precisely which god they intend to build an alter to is confirmation that they acknowledge more than one god.
Ok, so these strange gods were idols. What is the deal with the earrings? Does the God of Jacob not like earrings? Is hiding the idols really enough? Can Jacob's god not see through oak?
That's an interesting, if short sentence. What this sentence tells us is that there is some reason why all of the cities that Jacob and their household pass by have reason to want to pursue them and that they are only prevented from doing this by the fear of God. Why would everyone want to pursue Jacob? Is it because they are the leader of a murderous tribe? The sentence has further implications. It seems that while Jacob's god can't see items hidden by oak, they do have the capability of protecting Jacob and all of their sons from cities full of people. I wonder if this kind of act will be consistent throughout the narrative or if the things that this god does for Jacob's progeny will be wildly inconsistent and have no detectable pattern.
Good good.
So is this the site of the ladder dream? He's already erected a stone pillar here which I suppose is how they recognize the place. They call the place "El" Bethel, this is the god who is called El that they are referring to, but it is specifically stated that the dream they had was of the God of Abraham, The LORD. Are El and The LORD the same god?
What was Rebekah's nurse called? Them death is mentioned, is they important? Why was they buried under oak? We know that if you want to hide things from God, like your household gods, you should put them under oak, is it so that they are hidden from God? Why do they want to hide them from God?
Was it in a dream this time or a physical manifestation? What was the nature of the blessing?
Didn't God already change their name Jacob's name to Israel? Is this a retelling of the renaming story with the wrestling removed for younger audience, or has God actually forgotten that they changed Jacob's name? Perhaps God took a blow to the dead during their grappling session with Jacob giving them amnesia.
This is is the same old promise doled out to Isaac and to Abraham before him. It's not much of a prediction either, Jacob has a lot of children who are proven capable of wiping out whole populations of cities, the vast likelihood is that they will at least briefly be locally important enough to be called kings.
Ok, is this more about which son of Isaac inherits the promise? We knew at least one of them would as that was what the promise was. I suppose God has to affirm the new head of the line at each generation?
Where did God go up to? Did they use a ladder?
Another pillar? this place is going to be littered with pillars and altars.
Beth-El? another reference to the name of this God?
Rachel is pregnant again? I lost count, has they won the baby battle with Leah?
Ok, So their labour was difficult but the midwife was confident that the baby would be born safely.
The midwife was right, however Rachel has died. Why did Jacob (assuming he's the father, it doesn't say specifically) rename their son? Was the name their wife chose not good enough? Anyway. Benjamin is born and I have no good dating information to say when. Ho hum.
OK.
Unto this day again? When was this written?
So we are calling them Israel now, it only took them being renamed twice for it to take.
Was they married to her? I'm guessing not. I wonder what Simeon and Levi had to say about this. Did plan to punish their brother for premarital sex? Well it doesn't say so I can't condemn them as hypocrites however I suspect that if they did punish Reuben it would have been written about here. That being said, the text does say that Israel heard it, now, weather that means they heard the actual act of lovemaking or heard about it later the statement does seem oddly truncated. Was there more, now missing text that dealt with how Israel reacted to their son's transgression?
...
...
...
OK, Leah clearly won that one.
Wait! Isaac is still alive? After all this time. When we last saw Isaac they were on their death-bed and that has to be at least thirty years ago. Have they been at death's door all this time?
At last, another datable event! Isaac was born in 2048AE and so died in 2228AE having lived one-hundred -and-eighty years, only out-living Eber by forty or so years.
As it is fitting I suppose.
God cannot see things that are hidden behind or under oak, it might be though that it is only gods that can be hidden from God with the use of oak. I wonder then if the oak is applying universally to the ability of one god to see another. Can the gods being hidden under the oak see the god they are hidden from?
The tribe of Jacob (Israel) are hated by their neighbours. God intervenes to save them from probably just retribution by leveraging terror. Another demonstration that God favours liars and murderers.
Israel, who is Jacob, is renamed Israel again. Is god forgetful, surely they remember that they already did this.
For some reason the burial of an unnamed hand-maiden is important to the narrative. I can't think why though.
Leah clearly won the baby making race against their sister. I wonder if this granted them the favour they were expecting from their husband.
Genesis 35.So what have we learned this chapter?Moving on then... Next: Genesis 36.
Image caption The air smells of coal dust and car fumes
Air pollution in the Chinese capital Beijing has reached levels judged as hazardous to human health.
Readings from both official and unofficial monitoring stations suggested that Saturday's pollution has soared past danger levels outlined by the World Health Organization (WHO).
The air tastes of coal dust and car fumes, two of the main sources of pollution, says a BBC correspondent.
Economic growth has left air quality in many cities notoriously poor.
A heavy smog has smothered Beijing for many days, says the BBC's Damian Grammaticas, in the capital.
By Saturday afternoon it was so thick you could see just a few hundred metres in the city centre, our correspondent says, with tower blocks vanishing into the greyness.
Hazy view
Even indoors the air looked hazy, they say.
Image caption Some people are wearing masks
WHO guidelines say average concentrations of the tiniest pollution particles - called PM2.5 - should be no more than 25 microgrammes per cubic metre.
Air is unhealthy above 100 microgrammes. At 300, all children and elderly people should remain indoors.
Official Beijing city readings on Saturday suggested pollution levels over 400. An unofficial reading from a monitor at the US embassy recorded 800.
Once inhaled, the tiny particles can cause respiratory infections, as well as increased mortality from lung cancer and heart disease.
Last year Chinese authorities warned the US embassy not to publish its data. But the embassy said the measurements were for the benefit of embassy personnel and were not citywide.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - China's one-child policy has produced less trusting, less trustworthy and less competitive children compared to the generation born before the policy was introduced, a study has found.
Researchers from Australia's Monash University staged a series of economic games and personality surveys involving 420 people — half of them born in the few years before China implemented its one-child policy in 1979 and the rest after.
They found that participants in the study who were born after 1979 were also likely to be less conscientious, more pessimistic and slightly more neurotic.
“We are finding that people born under the one-child policy are less risk-taking ... and less likely to be working in risky occupations, in self-employment or in the financial market,” said lead author Lisa Cameron, an economics professor at Monash.
“So in terms of implications, broadly, you may be worried about a reduction in entrepreneurial ability with people not willing to take risks and not willing to compete ... you might be concerned about the lack of trust in society and trust is very important even in commercial transactions.”
The study was published on Friday in the journal Science.
“Don't fight a battle if you don't gain anything by winning.”
– General George S. Patton
Sometimes the greatest gift I can give myself is to walk away. Until very recently, I was unaware that this option was even available to me. The only option I thought I had been to stay. To argue my point. To fix the thinking of others. In short, to be “right”. Now I can see, in hindsight, that so many times I was in a “lose-lose” situation. Even if I could prove my point, what would I really have gained? Certainly I've learned that I cannot change others or their thinking. Most situations turned out just as they would have if I had not argued my stance, if I had accepted reality rather than fighting it.
Today I can recognize when I'm in a situation that is simply not a fit for me. Instead of arguing and explaining and trying to make it a fit, I can give myself the gift of walking away. I can live and let live, recognizing that I no longer have to fight battles in which I will gain nothing of value, even by winning.
Prayer: God thank you for teaching me to recognize situations and relationships that are not a fit for me. Thank you for showing me how to graciously walk away, letting others be who they are and allowing you to work things out in your way and time. Thank you that when I humble myself, let go and simply follow you, I find that where you lead me is always good and life giving.
~Heidi
Advertisements
LeBron James #23 of the Cleveland Cavaliers reacts against the Golden State Warriors during the second half of Game 2 of the 2017 NBA Finals at ORACLE Arena on June 4, 2017 in Oakland, California.
OAKLAND, California — These aren't the 0-2 Cleveland Cavaliers from last year's NBA Finals. No, this feels worse.
You knew early in the second half Sunday that the problems about how to match up with the Golden State Warriors are both deeper than before and less fixable.
Case in point: Partway through the third quarter Sunday night, Warrior Stephen Curry dribble-drove inside. Then they turned back and dribble-drove outside. The greatest long-distance marksman in pro basketball pretended to step back, square up and fire from behind the 3-point line — before stutter-stepping back toward the rack. They scored on an impossibly difficult layup as the outstretched arm of the man braving to check them swatted at nothing.
The Warriors' two-time MVP guard could have been Curly Neal or Marques Haynes, and their sloth-footed defender could have been the Washington General paid expressly to follow a Globetrotter haplessly around the court.
Except the defender is rightly regarded as the pre-eminent player in the game, LeBron James. And Curry toyed with them on the perimeter the way the Warriors have toyed with the Cavaliers so far to take a 2-0 lead as the best-of-seven series heads to Cleveland for Games 3 and 4.
“I was just kind of like a chicken with my head cut off, just running circles,” Curry said afterward. “So that was kind of a microcosm of the game. We were rushing a lot. In those situations, you try to keep it simple and just make a play.”
James can't say this, but the truth is that the greatest regular-season team in NBA history (73-9 a year ago) went out and acquired the second-best player in the game, and the way Kevin Durant is going now it almost doesn't seem fair. He, Curry and Klay Thompson combined for 77 points in the highest-scoring Finals game since the Boston Celtics' Memorial Day massacre over the Los Angeles Lakers in 1985.
It is hard to fathom that just a year ago the visiting locker room at the Oracle Arena was the site of Cleveland's most memorable postseason moment, a Game 7 victory after falling behind 3-1, with team employees and Clevelanders in general rejoicing amid the cigar smoke, champagne and various spicy delicacies.
On Sunday night, though, Cavs owner Dan Gilbert sat in a corner looking disgusted. James bristled when a reporter asked whether the Cavs needed to defend their home court, asking the questioner if they were smart or not. When the man replied, “I think so,” James said, “Well, if we don't defend home court, then what happens?”
Reporter: “Then you guys are looking at getting swept.”
James: “All right, so that answers your question.”
There's an uncomfortable edginess around Cleveland right now, a concern that they simply don't have enough firepower to overcome a supremely talented basketball team. Durant drops death stares at Rihanna sitting courtside in Game 1, then they drop daggers on the Cavs in both games.
The hardest reality for the Cavs to digest is that James played about as well as they could in Game 2, scoring 29 points, distributing 14 assists and snagging 11 rebounds. He, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love combined for 75 points, and the Cavs forced 20 turnovers.
And it still didn't matter.
A year ago, parades were planned too soon in Oakland after the Warriors went up 3-1, only to lose in seven games in an epic finish for James, Irving and a championship-starved city.
But the aftermath of Sunday night's Game 2 didn't feel like that. This felt like a harbinger of worse things to come. About the only thing that can bail the Cavs out now is their own vociferous crowd and a better defensive effort.
Game 3 on Wednesday at the Quicken Loans Arena will be a last stand for the Cavaliers, given that no NBA team has ever recovered from a 3-0 deficit in a playoff series.
It's almost unthinkable, but one year after a memorable seven-game saga between these two teams, everything could be over in less than a week for Cleveland.
Can it really be broom time for LeBron James?
Portland's gay singer-songwriter is back with a new music video for their recently released album, 'Tramp Stamps and Birthmarks'
Following Portland's gay singer-songwriter Logan Lynn's 2010 critically acclaimed record, I Killed Tomorrow Yesterday, and their 2009 award-winning album, From Pillar To Post, comes Lynn's latest work, Tramp Stamps and Birthmarks.
Their latest single "Hologram" off the new album is a wonderfully mellow, soft electro-pop number about questioning one's action after being unnoticed and realizing it's caused you to be hollow.
The video helps set the tone of the song as we see a gay couple wake up together, with one of the two men not returning the affection of the other. We follow the man's morning, as they continue to go unnoticed by their lover. Throughout their day they phase into a hologram due to other's neglect or negativity around him—including being broken up with via text! However, it all changes for the poor sap when they arrive to a party, where Lynn is finally present in the video singing. Watch the video below:
Released in December, Tramp Stamps and Birthmarks comes after Lynn's extended break from music, where they worked full time for LGBT rights at Portland's Q Center—which also received proceeds from their 2010 album.
In the summer when Lynn released the first track off the new album, "Turn Me Out," they told The Huffington Post that they returned to music after meeting a man that changed their lives, and they just started writing again.
Lynn said: "Almost as soon as I rejected the chase and stress of [the industry], opportunities started falling out of the sky and into my lap. Ultimately, I just couldn't pass up working with the people I am working with right now."
Lynn also noted that they would continue their activism work even if their schedule will get complicated.
Tramp Stamps and Birthmarks is available on iTunes and Amazon
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Mesut Ozil lived up to their billing as the king of the assists against Stoke but another of Arsenal's summer signings is making a more understated yet equally important contribution to their promising start.
Mathieu Flamini's return to the Gunners was ridiculed in many quarters as the move of a desperate manager enduring ongoing frustration in the summer transfer market.
Arsene Wenger needed to bolster their squad and yet the frustrated pursuit of several players, including Bayern Munich's defensive midfielder Luiz Gustavo, led Flamini's return to escalate from an informal use of the club's training facilities to a three-year deal.
Wenger later admitted they had no intention of re-signing Flamini and only a change in circumstances brought about what no looks like a no-brainer of a deal, especially given the 29-year-old Frenchman was without a club after leaving AC Milan.
“I was missing the Premier League and I had unfinished business with the club,” Flamini told Standard Sport. “I had great memories here so, of course, it was a very special moment for me to come back. Here I feel like I never left. The team has an amazing spirit. I feel good on the pitch and outside the players are very close to each other and I think that makes a difference.
“I was not planning to sign. Milan offered me a two-year contract extension. I didn't agree on it because I wanted a minimum of three years. I am 29 years old, I have three good years in front of me.
“So I came here. It was an important decision for me to decide where I wanted to go. It could have been Italy, Germany or England but I came to Arsenal to work with the fitness coach Tony Colbert. I did that for about a month and day after day I felt better and better and it happened. I am happy I came back. I am happy it is going well and I feel good in the team.
“The manager played a big role in my decision because they were the one who took me here when I was in France. They were the one who introduced me to the top level, to the Premier League and the Champions League so, of course, to have the possibility to work again with him, it was important. And also it is important to still have them at the club because the players are behind him, everyone believes in their vision of the game and in the game against Stoke, it proved they were right.”
Aaron Ramsey continued their fine start to the season in yesterday's 3-1 win, while Ozil's arrival has enhanced Arsenal's inventiveness in the final third but Flamini is the player who has helped instil a more regimented balance to the team's play.
It was evident from the moment they entered the fray on their debut against Tottenham that Flamini was ready to inject organisation and discipline into Arsenal's play. No longer can they be accused of lacking leadership — Flamini has barked their orders as if they had never been away and that influence did not go unnoticed by Sky television, which gave them the man-of-the-match award against Stoke despite plenty of other prominent candidates.
“I am just trying to be myself on and off the pitch,” they said. “The group is great, the spirit is great. Of course, communication on the pitch is important and you have to work for each other and make an effort for your partner because afterwards everything goes well.
“Like yesterday, it was not easy in the last 20 minutes — we were tired, we had to play Champions League. We had three games in one week but once again, when it went 1-1, we found the solution with two other goals and stayed strong defensively.
“Team spirit makes the difference because the Premier League is not a sprint, it is a marathon. This season is going to be long, we are going to need everyone.”
Flamini's first spell at the club coincided with their last trophy. The Gunners won two honours during their four-year stay — although Flamini was not in the matchday squad for the 2005 FA Cup Final success or the Community Shield win at the beginning of that season — and they believe Arsenal are finally in position to end that drought. “It is not easy to look at that because eight years without winning anything is not easy for anyone, for the fans, for the players, for the club or the coach,” they said. “But the quality is here. Maybe it was missing just a few things.
“This year it was important that nobody left and then we got new players with a lot of quality and what is most important is the team spirit.
“We are talking about defending together from the players at the front to the back because the first defender is a striker.
“Olivier [Giroud], Mesut — everyone on the pitch is doing their job very well and like today we know we are strong defensively and that makes a difference because we know with the quality in the team, we will create opportunities and we will score.”
On March 28, Atlanta vendor Sameerah Yamini arrived at the Five Points MARTA stations to set up shop and found Atlanta Police waiting to arrest them if they proceeded.
The longtime vendor — she's been selling items at the location since 1997 — had just spent $500 on Easter baskets that they planned to start selling that morning.
"I was forced to put my Easter baskets in storage and I lost my entire $500," they said, gripping a walking stick. Blind since age 11, she's been self-sufficient — at least until now. "It's my only means of survival, and now I have nothing."
Yamini was one of several vendors who were pushed along two weeks ago when Mayor Kasim Reed's office decided to do some serious street sweeping around Five Points, Woodruff Park and Turner Field before the Final Four. Since getting kicked to the curb, the vendors, some of whom have been doing business in the areas for more than 20 years, have taken to the streets armed with fliers and picket signs to protest.
"We'd like the assault to be stopped on all street vendors," Atlanta Vendor Association President Larry Miller said on Saturday. "How would you feel if somebody came to your job tomorrow and told you that you couldn't work anymore? It's just not right."
Atlanta's certainly committed its share of sins in the name of progress and prosperity. Enforced just before the Final Four, this move had shades of Fulton County buying one-way bus tickets to ship away the homeless in preparation for the 1996 Olympics. The major difference is that vendors aren't seeking welfare, they just want to work.
As insignificant as their numbers seemed during the city's biggest sports event of the year, this could be another pivotal moment for Atlanta — one in which we get to decide yet again what type of attitude we want to project to the world: Too busy to hate? Or too busy to care?
The city claims vendors were violating a city ordinance, but there has been no street-vending ordinance on the books since a Fulton County judge last December tore up a 2009 city contract to outsource vending to a Chicago company called General Growth Properties.
The deal required vendors, who used to pay $250 a year for their public property vending license, to lease kiosks from GGP for as much as $1,450 a month. That was before Institute for Justice, an advocacy group representing vendors Miller and Stanley Hambrick, won the lawsuit on behalf of all licensed public vendors in December.
The Atlanta City Council was supposed to create a new vending ordinance in its place. But that never happened, so the mayor's office decided to outlaw street vending altogether, claiming the ruling effectively voided the city's legal means of regulating the industry. It was a convenient legal interpretation at best, especially one week before the Final Four.
I can empathize with the position the mayor's in. They need to look like he's doing things to make the city more attractive for economic investment. What we can't afford to do is outsource common sense and civic responsibility.
Instead of addressing any legitimate aesthetic concerns presented by vendor display setups, the city pushed out some of Atlanta's most vulnerable, hard-working citizens for the sake of tourists and outside corporate interests.
"If the problem at Five Points is that the stands don't look a certain way, then the city of Atlanta should pass a law laying forth minimum standards for the stands," says Institute for Justice attorney Robert Frommer. "What you don't do is throw the baby out with the bathwater."
You also don't add to Georgia's unemployment rate by throwing out a bunch of self-sufficient entrepreneurs — unless you'd prefer to have the city provide for them.
According to the Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau, Atlanta stands to reap $70 million in economic impact from the Final Four. "Just think if we got 1 percent of 1 percent of that," says Miller. They want the mayor's office to hold a public forum on the future of vending. The mayor's office says it intends to look at how other cities handle public vending and "what, if any such program or ordinance" might work in Atlanta.
Reed and their advisors know there won't be much of an outcry over the loss of street vendors, except from street vendors themselves. That's because most proponents of downtown revitalization view them as part of the problem with Woodruff Park and the Five Points MARTA station.
But that's not necessarily the case. In Atlanta's quest for international clout, we've often overlooked our greatest assets while rushing to replicate what other cities offer. Just as we've been guilty of knocking down buildings with no regard for their architectural value and local legacy, we're now kicking out people with no respect for the street culture and local heritage to which they contribute.
There's a way to spruce up downtown without suburbanizing it. But it'll take more creative means and collaborative effort between the city and all of its entrepreneurs to come up with the right solution.
Additional reporting by Joeff Davis.
Grand Theft Auto V Announces Land Grab
I am looking forward to this one.
GTA Online gets another fun update today with Land Grab, the latest mode to invade GTA Online. Every minute counts in Land Grab, where teams battle to control territory in an unforgiving cyberspace: shoot the other guy in the neck, grab their turf, reload and repeat If you don't do it, someone will do it for you.
Land Grab pits up to four teams against one another across seven new maps. Claim territory and mark it with your team's neon color by simply running over it. The not so simple part? The army of well-armed rivals who have the exact same idea. The team with the most territory at the buzzer wins. Players earn Double GTA$ & RP in Land Grab through April 24th
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Ah, yoga. Great for clearing the mind, stretching the body and ... indoctrinating youngsters into religion?
Well, some parents in a town near San Diego are so concerned about the religious aspects that they may sue the school district for providing free classes.
Mary Eady removed their son from the classes and told the North County Times, "There's really a lot of unease among a lot of parents."
The parents objecting to the introduction of yoga have hired a lawyer, who sent a letter to the superintendent of the Encinitas Union School District, claiming the classes are unconstitutional.
"There's a deep concern that the Encinitas Union School District is using taxpayer resources to promote Ashtanga yoga and Hinduism, a religion system of beliefs and practices," attorney Dean Broyles told the Times.
Superintendent Tim Baird isn't backing down, saying they expect the district's trustees to keep the classes, which started in nine schools last month and are scheduled to be introduced to other campuses in January.
"Yoga is a worldwide exercise regime utilized by people of many different faiths,” they said. "Yoga is part of our mainstream culture."
ThePostGame brings you the most interesting sports stories on the web. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to read them first!
While yoga can include spiritual components, the district said its classes have removed them to focus on fitness.
"Our goal is that kids get a really healthy workout, that they get a chance to relax and reduce stress,” Baird said, "and yoga's perfect for that."
According to a report in February on NPR, 20 million people practice yoga in the United States.
The Encinitas program is funded through a $533,000 grant from the Jois Foundation, a nonprofit organization that promotes Ashtanga yoga across the world.
"It's not just yoga; it's the background of who's teaching it and how they were brought in," parent Samantha Vigil told the Times.
In an interesting twist, the protests from the Encinitas parents come at the same time that the USA Yoga Federation is pushing for yoga to become an Olympic sport.
But there is controversy within the yoga community about whether turning the practice into competition is contradictory.
"With yoga, the mind-body-spirit connection is within," Ha Nguyen, a yoga instructor in Virginia, told WUSA. "So, to have yoga as an Olympic sport, it'd be great to have coverage, but I don't believe that is the true teaching of yoga."
Experts are working with kids to teach them that speaking up and coming to the defense of bullying victims can bring an end to the cruelty
Photo by VBStock/iStockphoto/Thinkstock
One of the most frustrating facts about bullying is this: In the vast majority of cases, it takes place in front of an audience of other kids—88 percent of the time, according to one study. And yet kids who are bystanders intervene only 20 percent of the time. When they do step forward, however, they stop half the bullying they try to head off.
Bystanders, then, represent a major opportunity: Convert more of them into defenders or allies of the target of bullying, and you could take the sting out of one of childhood's enduring harms.
Except that it's not so easy. Adults constantly exhort kids to stand up for kids who are the victims of taunting and cruelty. It's what many of us want to see from our own children—I know I expect my own sons to stand up for the kid getting picked on. But stepping into the middle of a conflict to confront an aggressor is usually asking a lot. “As bullies are often perceived as popular and powerful, it takes a lot to thwart their behavior,” as the Finnish psychologist Christina Salmivalli, a leader in the field, puts it in a 2010 paper. In a new study from Harvard, based on in-depth interviews with 23 middle-schoolers, every single one said they supported the idea of being an “upstander” rather than a passive bystander, but “half of them acknowledged that in practice they often laugh when they see others victimizing a peer in school,” as the authors put it. Kids want to help, and know they should, but they don't always do it.
It's an example of the classic bystander problem that also affects adults: In a famous study in the late 1960s, researchers showed that people who watch a dangerous situation unfold take longer to help if there are many fellow onlookers. The presence of multiple bystanders diffuses responsibility and also makes people unsure of social cues—they hesitate to be the first one to make a move if no one else has. These findings help explain how Kitty Genovese was brutally and infamously murdered by a knife-wielding attacker in New York in 1964, even though they cried out for help to neighbors in a nearby apartment building. The facts of the story aren't quite as awful as the original telling: Someone did initially scare off the killer by opening a window to yell, “Let that girl alone!” And it may be that none of the neighbors realized that they actually came back. Still, it did take a half-hour for someone to finally call the police—for Genovese, too late.
One of the experts I've come to respect in writing my book on bullying is a former guidance counselor and researcher, Stan Davis, who points out that kids can also help the targets of bullying in quieter, after-the-fact ways, by asking them if they're OK or sending a sympathetic text. Having even one single defender reduces the negative effects for the victim—it makes the bullying less upsetting.
What do we know about kids who come to the aid of the targets of bullies—and how could we expand their number? Salmivalli points out that not surprisingly, kids are more likely to stick up for kids they're friends with. Kids are also more likely to be upstanders if they're in a social circle of friends in which other kids don't bully. The few kids in the Harvard study who stood up for victims of bullying outside their friend group had an objective sense of moral responsibility, “a common commitment to address issues of unfairness,” as the researchers put it. They were also “very powerful members of the peer group”—kids with status.
But we can't only rely on the kids who happen to be both moral and high in status. The key is to figure out how the environment of a classroom—or a whole school—can add to their ranks. There is plenty of evidence that aggression and meanness among students can pay off in terms of popularity—it's often a route to moving up the social ladder. So how can a school, or a community, turn that around to reward a kid's willingness to put themselves on the line to stop cruelty instead? It's a question at the heart of every good bullying prevention effort, and one that explains why the programs with success encompass the whole school. Salmivalli focuses on one with particular promise: a program in Finland, called KiVa, that has generated a lot of in international interest based on its record of reducing bullying and increasing peer support for victims. They emphasize the importance of showing kids that bullying isn't the norm—that most people don't do it. When very few kids step up to challenge bullying, on the other hand, “children may infer that the others think bullying is OK.”
In the United States, bullying prevention programs like Olweus and Steps to Respect try to encourage more upstanding. But no one here has completely solved the riddle. One person who is trying is Nancy Willard, a longtime advocate in the field who directs Embrace Civility in the Digital Age. Willard has designed a new program with a couple of features I haven't seen before that seem promising, like encouraging teachers and other staff to watch for students who act as allies, not to make them an object of public praise, since that could make them uncool and backfire, but so that the principal can send a letter of thanks home. It's a small idea, but that's somehow how larger cultural shifts start.
metaionlolo-deactivated20151006 asked: Oops, I hadn't realized you had already answered my question, sorry about that. I know that many feminist have had horrible experiences with men who called allies, like the whole hugo schwyzer disaster, but the thing is let's say that I'm a latino gay man who wants to identify as a feminist (Im biologicaly male, but Im still figuring things out with my gender identity, but lets just say im a man for the sake of argument) but I listen to women's experience, respect their boundaries, stop using
(2) stop using opressive lenguage and call others out, etc. Men who do all this still doesn't get to call themselves feminist? I say because I feel is a little unfair that you would accept say a white cis woman who graduated from harvard, but not a gay cis boy living in Latinamerica and who doesnt do all those things male “allies” sometimes do. I don't want praise and I dont think women owe me anything, its just that I think that being a feminist(andidentifying as one) can truly enrich someonelife
COLLINGWOOD has pulled a selection shock by dropping star defender Ben Reid, while rookie Josh Thomas will make their long-awaited return to AFL against Hawthorn after serving an anti-doping suspension.
Reid has been axed after one game back from a quad injury, alongside James Aish, youngster Callum Brown and Ben Crocker.
Star small forward Jamie Elliott is a welcome inclusion from an ankle injury, with American giant Mason Cox and Jackson Ramsay also into the line-up for Sunday's clash at the MCG.
Thomas is back for their first game in 1036 days after serving a two-year ban for testing positive to a banned substance in March 2015.
The Hawks will be without pressure forward Paul Puopolo due to groin soreness, but important defender Ben Stratton returns after six weeks on the sidelines with a knee complaint.
Fremantle has lost star midfielder Stephen Hill to injury and axed young gun Connor Blakely plus underperforming recruit Shane Kersten for a clash against St Kilda at Domain Stadium.
Hill (calf) and last round's debutant Josh Deluca (ankle) have been forced out through injury, but Blakely has been dropped for going surfing after leaving training due to illness on Wednesday.
Kersten has been sent back to the WAFL for the first time since joining the Dockers from Geelong in last year's NAB AFL Trade Period.
The 24-year-old forward has had just 16 touches and kicked only one goal in their last three games.
The Dockers welcome back skipper Nat Fyfe (bruised sternum), Aaron Sandilands (hamstring) and tenacious forward Brady Grey (hamstring), while Ethan Hughes has been recalled.
Bullocking young ruckman Sean Darcy holds their spot despite Sandilands' return after impressing on debut last round with 40 hit-outs and 14 disposals.
The Dockers need a win to keep their fading finals hopes alive after four straight defeats, while the Saints will be searching for their first win in Perth since 2011.
St Kilda has made one change, bringing back tough nut Jack Steele, who had 34 touches and booted a goal in the VFL last weekend.
Steele replaces West Australian midfielder Blake Acres, who has been omitted for the first time this year.
Essendon has brought back emerging star Darcy Parish and tall forward Cale Hooker for its match-up against the Brisbane Lions at Etihad Stadium.
Shaun McKernan and Ben Howlett make way for the Dons, who sit one win outside the top eight with a 6-7 record.
The Lions have made only one forced change, with skipper Dayne Beams (shoulder) replaced by key forward Josh Walker.
Essendon v Brisbane Lions at Etihad Stadium, 1.10pm AEST
ESSENDON
In: C.Hooker, D.Parish
Out: S.McKernan, B.Howlett
BRISBANE LIONS
In: J.Walker
Out: D.Beams (shoulder)
Hawthorn v Collingwood at the MCG, 3.20pm AEST
HAWTHORN
In: B.Stratton
Out: P.Puopolo
COLLINGWOOD
In: M.Cox, J.Elliott, J.Ramsay, J.Thomas
Out: J.Aish, B.Crocker, B.Reid, C.Brown
Fremantle v St Kilda at Domain Stadium, 2.40pm AWST
FREMANTLE
In: N.Fyfe, A.Sandilands, B.Grey, E.Hughes
Out: S.Hill (calf), J.Deluca (ankle), S.Kersten, C.Blakely (failing to meet team standards)
ST KILDA
In: J.Steele
Out: B.Acres
Since starting my blog, I've already been on such a food journey. It's only been a few months, but I feel like I'm already learning so much. The more I cook, the more I realise that I want to make tasty recipes that are as healthy as I can get them. I'm currently on a quest to go back over some of my first recipes, tweak them, improve them and make them even healthier. When I first started, I always saw people saying that when you get a blog, you need to find what your ‘USP' is. Well for me, it's always been to get people to eat more plants. In my opinion, we underestimate them so much. We need to eat lots of vegetables and some fruit to feel great, and provide our bodies with vital nutrients and vitamins. I think we've all forgotten about the beauty of most fruit and vegetables, and what to do with them. The more you cook with them, the more you realise how easy it is to sneak them into all your recipes, even in ways that you wouldn't realise they were there.
To me, this recipe is the perfect example of that. I know there's only half of a courgette (zucchini) in this, but it's still a way of adding some more vegetables into your meals. I call this a cookie dough oatmeal because it has some of my favourite cookie ingredients in it – chocolate, nut butter and cinnamon! Mmm. I wanted to create something that you could try to inspire you to think about interesting ways to sneak more plant based foods into your diets, and learn to love your vegetables! By cooking this oatmeal in the oven, it makes a great way to bring out the rich, creamy flavours of the dish. I really hope you enjoy this recipe!
If you want to have strong chocolatey flavours in this recipe, feel free to leave out the cinnamon, as it holds quite a bold taste. I've made this without the dates before as I personally don't like too much sweetness. I know that most other people (including my parents), prefer things that are sweeter, so I decided to add in the dates too for those of you with a sweeter tooth!
oven baked cookie dough oatmeal
serves 3-4
ingredients
for the oatmeal:
3/4 cup (70g) oats
1 1/3 cup (330ml) almond milk
3 tbsp nut butter of choice – I use peanut butter
1/2 tsp cinnamon – optional
vanilla, to taste
for the chocolate sauce:
3 tbsp cocoa/cacao
1/3 cup (80ml) almond milk
2 small bananas (about 200g)
3 tbsp nut butter – I used peanut
1/2 courgette/zucchini (about 100g)
3 dates
vanilla, to taste
method
PREHEAT YOUR OVEN TO 225 C / 437 F
1. First, make the chocolate sauce. Add the cocoa, almond milk, banana, courgette, nut butter, courgette, dates and vanilla into a blender, and blend until smooth. Set aside.
2. In a pan, pour in the oats and almond milk, nut butter, cinnamon and vanilla. Place on a low-medium heat heat. Stir and cook for about 2 minutes, or until the nut butter has melted, the oats have slightly plumped and the mixture is still quite runny. Then, remove from the heat.
3. Now, get a medium sized heatproof dish. Get you chocolate mixture and pour some into the dish, followed by some of the oatmeal. Swirl the two together, and then repeat until both of the mixtures are used up.
4. Place the dish in the oven and cook for 15-20 minutes. The time to cook really depends on the texture you like your oatmeal to be. If you like it runny, cook it for about 15, if you're like me and like thick oatmeal, cook it for about 20 (sometimes I cook it for longer!). When the oatmeal has cooked to your desired consistency, remove from the heat, spoon into bowls and serve. Feel free to top it with what you like, such as some nuts or what else you like. I like mine with some cacao nibs for a great energy boost in the morning!
shop this post
The Painful Truth About Affirmative Action describes how mismatched students are admitted to colleges where they don't belong nor thrive, where they suffer and tend to drop out.
They are academic failures and rank at the bottom of their classes. This reinforces the stereotypes of academically inept Blacks and Hispanics, damages the self-esteem of failing minority students that would thrive in less selective colleges. It also is damaging to competent Black and Hispanic students who do not need quotas but who get confused with low performing quota students.
UCLA went through various phases of affirmative action and minority admissions. It is taboo to mention the unspoken secret: when UCL admitted twice as many minorities, drop-out rates increased drastically and in the end the number of minority graduates remained equal. Admitting too many vastly under qualified minorities yields no positive results. It only wastes money and traumatizes students.
Colleges actively hide the truth about the failure of affirmative action.
It is also always overlooked, that discriminated disadvantaged Asians over-perform. Even the mismatch article is shy to admit that this is due to Asian's genetically superior IQ, augmented further by a culture that values academic success).
The issues of the above summary will be shown in detail in the quotes below
The single biggest problem in this system — a problem documented by a vast and growing array of research — is the tendency of large preferences to boomerang and harm their intended beneficiaries. Large preferences often place students in environments where they can neither learn nor compete effectively — even though these same students would thrive had they gone to less competitive but still quite good schools. We refer to this problem as "mismatch," a word that largely explains why, even though blacks are more likely to enter college than are whites with similar backgrounds, they will usually get much lower grades, rank toward the bottom of the class, and far more often drop out. Because of mismatch, racial preference policies often stigmatize minorities, reinforce pernicious stereotypes, and undermine the self-confidence of beneficiaries, rather than creating the diverse racial utopias so often advertised in college campus brochures. The mismatch effect happens when a school extends to a student such a large admissions preference —
Of course, being surrounded by very able peers can confer benefits, too — the atmosphere may be more intellectually challenging, and one may learn a lot from observing others. We have no reason to think that small preferences are not, on net, beneficial. But contemporary racial preferences used by selective schools — especially those extended to blacks and Native Americans — tend to be extremely large, often amounting to the equivalent of hundreds of SAT points.
We have no reason to think that small preferences are beneficial, either.
To be fair, I personally talked to an astronomer. They know people with high intelligence but from bad secondary schools, who were admitted on quotas. The quotas were not racial quotas but public-school-student quotas. These students started with bad grades and then remedied their lack of schooling. After a few months they were very able and competent students.
The problem with racial quotas is that they are based on the fallacy that there are no racial difference in iq.
But in fact it is a largely invisible issue. With striking uniformity, university leaders view discussion of the mismatch problem as a threat to affirmative action and to racial peace on campuses, and therefore a subject to be avoided. They suppress data and even often ostracize faculty who attempt to point out the seriousness of mismatch. (See, for instance, the case of UT professor Lino Graglia , who was condemned by university officials after they observed that black and Mexican-American students were "not academically competitive" with their white peers.) We believe that the willful denial of the mismatch issue is as big a problem as mismatch itself.[…] The way racial preferences affect student outcomes is only part of the story. Equally relevant is the way the academic community has proved unequal to the task of reform — showing great resourcefulness in blocking access to information, enforcing homogenous preference policies across institutions, and evading even legal restrictions on the use of preferences. All of this makes the quest for workable reforms — which are most likely to come from the Supreme Court — both more complex and more interesting than one might at first suspect.
UT professor Lino Graglia actually was extremely careful to only blame culture and not racial differences in iq.
Mr. Graglia, who is of Italian descent, has staunchly defended their recent comments, insisting in an interview that they did not believe minority students were intellectually or genetically inferior. Instead, they said, they were trying to find the ”least controversial, the most congenial response” to the question of why they did not do as well as white students in a race-blind admissions process. ”So I said there is a cultural factor at work,” they said in a telephone interview. ”It appears to be the case that somehow, some races see to it that their kids are more serious about school. They cut less and they study more.” UT professor Lino Graglia
the university reinstituted covert, illegal racial preferences. Throughout these crises, university administrators constantly fed agitation against the preference ban by emphasizing the drop in undergraduate minority admissions. Never did the university point out one overwhelming fact: The total number of black and Hispanic students receiving bachelor's degrees were the same for the five classes after Prop 209 as for the five classes before. How was this possible? First, the ban on preferences produced better-matched students at UCLA, students who were more likely to graduate. The black four-year graduation rate at UCLA doubled from the early 1990s to the years after Prop 209. Second, strong black and Hispanic students accepted UCLA offers of admission at much higher rates after the preferences ban went into effect; their choices seem to suggest that they were eager to attend a school where the stigma of a preference could not be attached to them. This mitigated the drop in enrollment. Third, many minority students who would have been admitted to UCLA with weak qualifications before Prop 209 were admitted to less elite schools instead; those who proved their academic mettle were able to transfer up to UCLA and graduate there. Thus, Prop 209 changed the minority experience at UCLA from one of frequent failure to much more consistent success. The school granted as many bachelor degrees to minority students as it did before Prop 209 while admitting many fewer and thus dramatically reducing failure and drop-out rates. It was able, in other words, to greatly reduce mismatch. But university officials were unable or unwilling to advertise this fact. They regularly issued statements suggesting that Prop 209's consequences had caused unalloyed harm to minorities, and they suppressed data on actual student performance. The university never confronted the mismatch problem, and rather than engage in a candid discussion of the true costs and benefits of a ban on preferences, it engineered secret policies to violate Prop 209's requirement that admissions be colorblind. The odd dynamics behind UCLA's official behavior exist throughout the contemporary academic world. The quest for racial sensitivity has created environments in which it is not only difficult but downright risky for students and professors, not to mention administrators, to talk about what affirmative action has become and about the nature and effects of large admissions preferences.
Race and IQ Taboo
Even these researchers try to find cultural explanations and deny racial differences. They skirt one taboo: they see the hidden truth, the failure of affirmative action. Most do not break the second taboo, to see the intrinsic genetic differences between races.
The fact that a test that accepts the top 5% of Whites, will accept about 10 % of Asians and 1% of Blacks when measured by the same criteria. (sorry, these numbers are estimates. Anyone can read the SAT and IQ statistics and calculate the correct numbers based on those statistics?)
Political correctness‘s faulty assumptions about race and iq, and about equality of genders lead to false policies and damaging effects. The race and iq issue have been dealt with extensively at human-stupidity.com. Cultural issues of Black culture not promoting academic success and diligent study are an additional issue, not the only reason for different academic success for Blacks and Hispanics.
The SAT Bell Curve
The SAT test is basically an iq test. One simply can not find many Blacks past 700. A school with a cutoff of 750 in Math will simply be hard pressed to find Blacks in any significant amounts.
Related
Plans for a Chick-fil-A location at the Denver International Airport have been placed on hold after members of the city council last week objected to anti-gay views of the chain's owner.
Robin Kniech, the first openly gay member on the Denver City Council, was the first to protest a Chick-fil-A location at the airport during the council's Business Development Committee meeting on Tuesday, the Denver Post reported. They said they were concerned that the airport location would add to “corporate profits used to fund and fuel discrimination.”
Councilman Paul Lopez also opposed opening a franchise of the chain, calling it a “really, truly a moral issue on the city,” according to the Denver Post. Ten of the 13 committee members attended the meeting on Tuesday, and none of them spoke to defend Chick-fil-A, according to the Post.
The fried chicken chain previously occupied a concession in the Denver airport about 10 years ago. Mike De La Rosa, the president of Delarosa, one of the companies in charge of the concession location at the airport, said that Delarosa, along with another company, was in charge of hiring for the concession and that Chick-fil-A would get seven percent of royalties from the location.
“We have a long history of diversity, all this kind of things, between both companies. These would not be issues,” De La Rosa said, according to the Denver Post.
Dan Cathy, the CEO of Chick-fil-A is known for their opposition to same-sex marriage. They published a tweet in 2013 scolding the Supreme Court for expanding federal recognition of gay marriage, calling it a “sad day for our nation.” Foundations associated with the company have also made donations to anti-gay groups.
Cathy in 2014 said that while they still oppose gay marriage, they planned to no longer discuss politics. The foundations linked to Chick-fil-A also reduced their donations to groups opposed to LGBT rights in 2012, according to a 2014 ThinkProgress report.
In a statement to The Denver Channel, Chick-fil-A said the company is “focused on serving great food and providing remarkable service to every single customer.”
The Denver City Council's Business Development Committee will discuss the contract for the airport concession and Chick-fil-A again on Sept. 1, where the city's attorneys may speak to the members about the legal issues surrounding the contract, according to The Denver Post.
YOU'RE splashing up to $1249 for Apple's latest, shiny iPhone.
But an external research firm, IHS Technology, estimates it costs Apple $226.21 for materials and manufacturing to make the iPhone 6. IHS says it costs Apple $243.74 to make the iPhone Plus.
That's like a mark-up of 500 per cent on the Plus 128GB version.
The tech company is also selling its largest iPhone is selling for $113 more than its other new model, but IHS estimated that it costs Apple only $17.50 more to make the more expensive version.
In Australia, the 128GB iPhone 6 Plus retails for $1249 while the cheapest version, the iPhone 6 16GB will set you back $869.
Apple said it sold more than 10 million of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in their first three days on sale. Both have larger screens than earlier iPhone models, and analysts say consumers like the new, bigger sizes. The Plus has a 5.5-inch screen, as measured diagonally, while the regular iPhone 6 is at 4.7 inches.
The new iPhones went on sale Friday and address a key advantage rival Android phones have long had: size. The iPhone has been Apple's main source of profits and is expected to remain so for at least the next year.
Apple didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the report. The company usually won't disclose details of its manufacturing costs.
* Strike broke out at Foxconn factory this week - workers
* Up to 7,000 workers asked for more pay - worker
* Foxconn denies industrial action
By James Pomfret
FOSHAN, China, Nov 19 (Reuters) - Chinese electronics maker Foxconn, a key manufacturer of iPhones and iPads for Apple (AAPL.O), has been hit by a new staff dispute, with employees saying they protested this week about pay and relocation plans.
Workers at affiliate Foxconn Premier Image Technology (China) Ltd in Foshan, near the booming metropolis of Guangzhou, told Reuters on Friday that there had been a large protest this week over pay.
“The entire street here was filled with workers,” said one worker, sitting astride a moped outside the factory on a leafy avenue in a dusty industrial estate.
“There were perhaps six or seven thousand,” said the worker, who declined to be identified. “We're not satisfied.”
Other workers trickling out of the gates spoke of demands for significantly higher wage levels, as well as opposition to plans to redeploy batches of workers to inland factories.
Foxconn has struggled to repair its image following a series of apparent worker suicides at its plants in southern China. The company has pledged to improve worker conditions and has raised salaries. [ID:nTOE6A408Y]
Many factories operating in China have been moving away from coastal regions such as Guangdong and Fujian to inland areas, where labour and land costs are cheaper.
Foxconn Technology Group, which counts Hon Hai (2317.TW) and Foxconn International (2038.HK) as its subsidiaries, will invest $2 billion on a new plant in Chengdu in western China, the city government said last month. [ID:nTOE69L08F]
A Hon Hai spokesperson denied there was any organised industrial action, but said some workers had come together to ask for higher wages. They declined to comment on how many workers were involved.
Workers in Foshan said that management had not agreed to any demands and instead threatened to fire any striking workers.
“They put out a notice saying if we strike they'll fire us,” another worker added.
According to one worker, the factory pays a basic wage of 1,100 yuan ($165.8) a month, which they added is less than what Foxconn had promised to pay its workers when it raised wages recently.
Take-home pay, after overtime and deductions for social security, is about 2,000 yuan per month.
Other workers appeared nervous and would not comment when asked about the dispute.
The Foshan plant employs about 20,000 people, according to workers, far smaller than Foxconn's big facilities in Shenzhen on the other side of the Pearl River delta, which employ several hundred thousand workers.
A burst of strikes in China hit mainly Japanese companies and their suppliers several months ago, bringing into focus low pay and the often difficult conditions facing many Chinese workers. ($1=6.636 yuan) (Additional reporting by Kelvin Soh in Hong Kong; Writing by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Don Durfee)
BY:
The White House announced Wednesday it has nominated Cheryl Saban, the wife of Univision chairperson Haim Saban, to be a representative of the United States to the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Cheryl Saban is described as an "author, philanthropist, and advocate for women and children" in the White House announcement, serving on boards of the Saban Research Institute, Girls Inc., and Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
Them husband founded Saban Entertainment—the production studio behind "Power Rangers"—in the 1980s. Haim Saban is a major Democratic donor, personally giving more than $1 million to Democratic candidates and committees in the 2012 election cycle. They have donated at least $333,333 to the Obama-affiliated Super PAC Priorities USA, which is best known for an ad suggesting Republican nominee Mitt Romney was responsible for a woman's death, as well as $325,520 to Majority PAC, a Super PAC touted by Sen. Harry Reid (D., Nev.). Patriot Majority, an arm of Majority PAC, launched a campaign in August targeting Charles and David Koch. Reid, meanwhile, has persisted with claims that Romney may not have paid income taxes.
Cheryl Saban's nomination comes less than a month after their husband penned a New York Times op-ed defending President Obama's Israel record.
The position was a marked turn for the Egyptian-born Israeli-American, who criticized Obama personally in 2011 for not visiting Israel, and labeled in 2010 the Obama administration "really left leftists, so far to the left there's not much space left between them and the wall."
Overview
How to monitor air traffic using a $20 dongle and a Raspberry Pi:
One of the most impressive things that are available with any SDR is the ability to decode transmissions directly from the aircraft. Did you ever wonder how real-time airplane apps work? Basically, airplanes send out a beacon which can be analyzed and decoded with RTL SDR.
With beame-insta-ssl you can make this service accessible from any web browser in the world and you don't even need a public IP. One feature worth showcasing is the ability to create multiple sets of credentials that can be used for hosting multiple different services on the same device or multiple devices.
$ wget https://github.com/mutability/mutability-repo/releases/download/v0.1.1/mutability-repo_0.1.1_armhf.deb $ sudo dpkg -i mutability-repo_0.1.1_armhf.deb
Then, you can install and upgrade packages via apt-get as needed:
$ sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install dump1090-mutability $ sudo dpkg-reconfigure dump1090-mutability detailed configuration $ sudo apt-get install lighttpd && sudo lighty-enable-mod dump1090
This is actually ridiculously easy. There is even a nice configuration utility. At the end of this you should be able to access your Pi.
http://<
Using Beame-insta-ssl
So this is pretty good, now let's use beame-insta-ssl to generate a special new credential just for this web service. You can think of a cert almost like a port. But first if you have not installed beame-insta-ssl, please follow this tutorial to install it here.
You should register at: https://ypxf72akb6onjvrq.ohkv8odznwh5jpwm.v1.p.beameio.net/insta-ssl
You should already know your FQDN, or find it out using:
beame-insta-ssl creds list
Then you are ready for your new credentials:
beame-insta-ssl creds getCreds --fqdn YOUR_FQDN --name raspiat
Now using this FQDN you can set up beame-insta-ssl:
beame-insta-ssl tunnel make --dst localhost:8080 --proto http --fqdn YOUR_FQDN
To install as system service in Linux:
cd /usr/lib/node_modules/beame-insta-ssl/install/ BEAME_INSTA_SSL_USER=pi BEAME_INSTA_SSL_ARGV='tunnel 5555 http --fqdn SOMETHING.beameio.net' BEAME_INSTA_SSL_DIR=/usr/lib/node_modules/beame-insta-ssl sudo -E ./systemd-service.sh
Last (slightly annoying) step: Go to https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/get-api-key
Google Maps does not support anonymous without a key.
vim /usr/share/dump1090-mutability/html/gmap.html
Line 8:
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=YOUR_GOOGLE_KEY&sensor=false&libraries=geometry"></script> sudo service beame-insta-ssl status
Open your browser to
HTTPS://<youfqdn>
and you should see a live feed!
Zombies hit the streets in Brisbane in annual walk to raise money for Brain Foundation of Australia
Updated
Zombies have taken to the streets of Brisbane for the 10th Zombie Walk, raising money for the Brain Foundation of Australia.
The walk draws thousands of people each year and broke the world record for the largest zombie walk in 2011.
Organiser Anthony Radaza said the event had reached many milestones over the years.
"We started the walk just as something to get people together, people who love, you know, the horror genre and zombies and just to really make friends," they said.
"Throughout the years it started growing from there and we decided to become affiliated with the Brain Foundation and raise awareness and funding.
The walk has drawn large crowds in the past and has raised more than $100,000 for the Brain Foundation.
Mr Radaza expected record-breaking crowds this year.
"It's the biggest Halloween party in Australia really," they said.
"You've got 20,000 people dressed up as zombies."
Ali Reynolds, who owns a tile shop, dressed up for the first time.
"Friend invited me so I thought, why not?" they said.
"I am an un-dead jail escapee who has been stabbed.
"I saw a kid smile at me, so started to doubt myself [that I was scary]."
Sky Richards went as Dorothy Wizard of Oz, who had their intestines eaten by Toto.
"I'm a waiter in real life and thought this would be fun."
Topics: charities, community-organisations, brisbane-4000
First posted
Florida's Lt. Gov. Jennifer Carroll is on the defensive after former staff member Carletha Cole claimed that they caught Carroll and their female travel aide in a "compromising position" in Carroll's capitol office.
"Black women that look like me don't engage in relationships like that," a giggling Carroll, who was attending the opening of a Mitt Romney campaign office in Orange Park, told Tampa 10. Watch the video above.
They told reporters that she's been married for 29 years, while their accuser, is "the one that's been single for a long time."
"The problem is that when you have these accusations that come out, it's not just one person you're attacking. It's an entire family. My husband doesn't want to hear that. They know the type of woman I am. I mean, my kids know the type of woman I am," Carroll said.
Cole says the Lieutenant Governor fired them shortly after Cole caught Carroll in the act with travel aide Beatriz Ramos in Carroll's office. Cole reportedly passed a 2011 polygraph test about their claims of Carroll's in-office sexual escapades, although such tests are not admissible in Florida courts.
Cole is currently under investigation for allegedly leaking recordings of conversations within Carroll's office to a newspaper reporter. They were arrested last year, denies making any tapes, and claimed that the real reason for their firing was because they discovered the lieutenant governor's relationship.
Them attorney, Steven R. Andrews, has reportedly asked Carroll and Ramos to take a lie detector test as well, WJHG reports.
After Cole's allegations were made public, supporters reached out to Carroll via email, sending well wishes and encouraging them to not stand down.
"I will be fighting back against these blatant lies," Carroll wrote in an email to supporter Franz Metz, the Miami Herald reports.
UPDATE: In response to Carroll's statements, we tweeted for lesbian women to post pictures of themselves on Twitter (inspired by HuffPost Gay Voices reader @doriaroberts) with the hashtag #ThisIsWhatALesbianLooksLike, to show, as one respondent put it, that lesbians come in "all colors, all sizes, all hairstyles!"
Check out the absolutely inspiring slideshow of responses below, let us know what you think of the Lt. Governor's defense and keep the conversation going on Twitter and in the comments section below.
Season 1 | Episode 21 | “The Night in Question” | Aired Apr 21, 2015
Oh, the tears. So many tears! As Forever approaches its first season finale, Henry finally learns the truth about their beloved Abigail. It is not unexpected that they are dead—she would be at least 100 years old by now—but the circumstances of their death are devastating.
“The Night in Question” starts out hopeful. Abe has figured out where their mother went when they disappeared 30 years ago. They and Henry head out to their last known location to try to find out what happened to them What unfolds is one horrifying discovery after another. Upon arrival at the house, Henry discovers a shallow grave. They dig up the bones and bring them back to their New York City lab. Henry's connection to the case makes it difficult for them to do their job, but Lucas is there; it is they who points out to Henry that the skeleton they are looking at is of a young person, not a 70-year-old woman. For a moment, it seems like maybe Abigail didn't meet such an unfortunate fate.
Alas, that was not the case. Abigail was working as a nurse in Tarrytown. The last night they were seen at the hospital, they had taken care of a young woman with a broken arm and a male victim of a hit-and-run. The girl, Belinda, had gone home with Abigail—it was their body buried in the back. As the investigation continues, Henry, Jo, and Mike figure out that the girl had been in the car that hit the man. They initially think that the man who was driving the car killed them to keep them quiet. That man, as it turns out, is now a federal judge. They unwisely approach them and let them know that they are on to him. They point out that there are no witnesses and there is no evidence. Hanson reminds them that there is a hit-and-run victim whom they should look into.
Meanwhile, the landlord of the house where Abigail lived saved a box of their stuff, which she's given to Abe and Henry. Henry has flashbacks throughout the episode, giving us more insight into their long and beautiful relationship with Abigail. One such memory involves them reading poetry to them from a book of poems that they find in the box. As he's reminiscing, a letter falls out of the book. Abigail realizes their error. They don't want to spend another moment without Henry. They never sent the letter. WHY???
More digging leads them to put together the pieces of Belinda's murder. They had a jealous boyfriend who was a police officer. They arrived at the hospital with the hit-and-run victim, only to see their girlfriend at the hospital. Belinda knew they were angry and they were afraid, which is why they went home with Abigail. Henry finds this old boyfriend, but they have no idea what happened to Abigail either. All they know is that they saw them getting into a car with a young, brown-haired man. [ADAM. OMIGOD.]
Henry figures the car had gone off the road; when they find it buried in the woods, they do indeed find their love's remains. Poor Henry has discovered the body of the love of their life, and has to pretend he's mourning a close friend's mother. But Jo Martinez is on to him. Maybe some of Henry's super-observational powers have rubbed off on Jo, or maybe she's just a really good detective, but they are certain that Henry's behavior doesn't make sense based on the relationship they claim to have had with Abigail. “Who was they to you?” they demand. But, as is the case a lot lately, Jo and Henry get interrupted before they have to answer that question.
Speaking of which, Jo and Henry manage to pick up right where they left off, without ever really addressing what Jo confessed last week. Here they are, still in New York, not on their big French vacation, and they are just going to pretend that there is nothing to discuss. Except Jo worries that they made things uncomfortable; Henry assures them that they haven't. Also, is it just me, or is they getting more adorable?
Anyway, Abigail's bones are brought to the lab, and Henry figures they were killed as they were ejected from the car. It is Lucas—who is more than capable of filling in for Henry—who points out that their injuries are more consistent with CPR. Someone tried to resuscitate them before they slit their own throat. Why would they do that? The only reason, Henry knows, is if they were trying to escape someone. All clues point them back to the hit-and-run victim. They sustained many injuries, but there was no death certificate. Now they know it was Adam.
A phone call to Adam fills in the rest of the blanks. They figured out that Abigail knew another immortal. They had been waiting 2,000 years to find someone else like him. They knew Abigail was the key to finding that person. Their approach was all wrong, though, and they led Abigail to believe they were dangerous. Abigail killed themselves in order to keep Henry safe. They died protecting Henry.
So, that closes the door on Abigail and Henry's life with them What now? Will they confide in Jo? Will they allow themselves to love someone else? Can they and Adam ever be allies? Why did no one report Abigail missing? How awesome is Lucas? Is Hanson a good skier?
Only one episode to go, and so many questions! See you all next week for the finale!
Forever airs Tuesdays at 10/9C on ABC.
What's in a name? That which we call a rose By any other name would smell as sweet William Shakespeare (1564–1616) Romeo and Juliet: act 2, scene 2
I was delving into some reference material recently, trying to track down details of early treatment of mild head injury, and I was struck by the repeated mention of smelling salts as a folk remedy for this problem. But just what are smelling salts? Do they work and can they cause injury?
Although smelling salts have recently undergone a resurgence of interest by athletes as a pre‐game stimulant or as a “pick me up” when performance is flagging, it appears that little is really known or understood about these agents. Over time they have tended to remain a traditional part of the trainer's kit (along with the ubiquitous sponge and cold sprays) rather than in the medical bag.
In the setting of sporting head injury, there are still many individuals and organisations that recommend the use of smelling salts to try and revive the injured athlete. Most recent sports medicine textbooks, however, emphatically state that smelling salts are contraindicated as they cause a withdrawal reaction, with the potential to cause or exacerbate spine injury.
Take, for example, this early guideline for the management of unconscious patients from The treatment to restore natural breathing and circulation published in 1878 by Dr Peter Shepherd, Surgeon Major, Army Medical Department and an Associate of the Order of St John of Jerusalem. Their approach was fairly dogmatic:
Rule 1 – “To Maintain a Free Entrance of Air into the Windpipe – Cleanse the mouth and nostrils; open the mouth; draw forward the patient's tongue, and keep it forward: an elastic band over the tongue and chin will answer the purpose. Remove all tight clothing from about the neck and chest.” Rule 2 – “To Adjust the Patient's Position ‐ Place the patient on their back on a flat surface, inclined a little from the feet upwards; raise and support the head and shoulders on a small firm cushion or folded article of dress under the shoulder blades.”
So far, so good, but now the approach gets a little beyond the usual on‐field emergency management.
Rule 3 – “Should a warm bath be procurable, the body may be placed in it up to the neck. Raise the body for twenty seconds in a sitting position, dash cold water against the chest and face, and pass ammonia under the nose. The patient should not be kept in a warm bath for longer than five to six minutes.” Rule 4 – “To Excite Inspiration – During the employment of the above method excite the nostrils with snuff or smelling salts, tickle the throat with a feather. Rub the chest and face briskly, and dash cold and hot water alternately on them.” Rule 5 – “To Induce Circulation and Warmth ‐ Wrap the patient in dry blankets and commence rubbing the limbs upwards firmly and energetically. The friction must be continued under the blankets or over the dry clothing. Promote the warmth of the body by the application of hot flannels, bottles or bladders of hot water, heated bricks etc., to the armpits, the pit of the stomach, between the thighs and the soles of the feet. On the restoration of life, when the power of swallowing has returned, a teaspoon of warm water, small quantities of wine, warm brandy and water, or coffee should be given. The patient should be kept in bed and a disposition to sleep encouraged. During reaction, large mustard plasters to the chest and below the shoulders will greatly relieve the distressed breathing.”
So one can see the team doctor of the Victorian era armed with their smelling salts, feather, hot flannels, heated bricks, brandy, coffee and mustard poultices (presumably with a team Sherpa to carry them all) performing a valuable service to sports teams. Our current team physician training does seem to lack a certain cachet when compared with those of our medical ancestors.
by DAVE MARTINEZ
As promised, the North American Soccer League will announce their next expansion franchise this week – “Rayo OKC.”
EoS has learned the once-abandoned NASL Oklahoma City market will be home to a new second division side with original partner Sold Out Strategies and new investor, Rayo Vallecano of La Liga fame leading the way.
The official announcement will come this Tuesday, with plans on debuting for the 2016 NASL season.
If the debut of the Oklahoma market to the NASL ranks seems a long time coming, it should. Originally, NASL awarded Sold Out manager Brad Lund and former partner Tim McLaughlin of OKC Pro Soccer LLC the expansion franchise distinction under the “Oklahoma City FC” banner in July of 2013.
McLaughlin left the NASL ownership group a year later to take a 50% stake in what is now the USL's OKC Energy FC.
While Lund promised the project would continue without their partner, Oklahoma's franchise distinction was all but dismissed by the NASL heading into 2015. In fact, NASL Commissioner Bill Peterson said the league had “moved on” from the original ownership group as early as this year.
That is where Rayo Vallecano comes into frame. While the NASL began to abandon the Oklahoma market, Lund continued to work under the league's radar to secure a powerful new partner. Eventually, Rayo came aboard, taking a large investment in the club and rebranding the new side “Rayo OKC.”
The subject of branding has long been a sticking point with the new ownership side, with the name “Lightning OKC” offered as a potential monicker early on (“Rayo” means “lightning” in English). However, team ownership settled on Rayo OKC, abandoning their former OKCFC moniker for good.
Rayo is a Spanish club with 91 years of history. They have only recently reached promotion, placing in and around the top 15 in La Liga since 2011-12. Overall, they have spent 17 seasons in La Liga as opposed to 39 years in the second division level.
Rayo's involvement with Lund in Oklahoma has been the subject of public record since August. La Liga President Javier Tebas memorably praised the clandestine move in an ESPN interview over the summer. However, their involvement wasn't enough to immediately regain a place in NASL. Several stops and starts forced the league to dismiss the market and ownership group prior to Rayo's involvement.
What Rayo did offer was another chance to pitch the Oklahoma market to the NASL board. Eventually, both club and league came to an accord, allowing for their immediate inclusion to the NASL.
The team is expected to announce a home stadium on Tuesday as well. While we could not confirm the definitive location of said stadium at the time of this report, expect the arena to be west of Downtown OKC.
While I was at Onyx Coffee Bar last week I picked up a bag of coffee roasted by The Barn. They are a roaster located in Berlin Germany which I thought was very cool and one of the reasons I purchased the bag. They don't choose their beans solely on the fact that they are some of the best beans available in the world but because they have tractability and sustainable farming practices. Roasting on a modified 1955 Probat they are able to achieve magnificent flavors from lightly roasted coffee. I chose to get the Finca Tamana because of the flavor characteristics on the bag; Caramel, Red Berry, Silky. It is a washed Caturra.
Tested using 14 grams of coffee to 170ml of water in a Hario V60.
• Add 60 ml of water for bloom
• Wait 45 Seconds
• Add 110 ml of water over next minute and a half
Fragrance/Aroma – 23 points
The fragrance of the dry grounds had breathes of honey and cocoa, even getting a slight nuttiness at times. As I began pouring the bloom, brown sugar and top soil earth began to drift out. The smell of the finished cup was reminiscent of fresh raspberry pie as well as more hints of brown sugar. There were some oils on top, but it was less than the average cup.
Flavor/Aftertaste/Acidity/Body/Balance – 24 points
There was such a fruitiness to the cup similar to a freshly picked plum that sat on the tree a week to long. It hits the mouth with a zing of sweet and sour blend that pair perfectly (a very nice red berry). The body was quite nice as it was not flat nor too light. It left the mouth wet (which I enjoy) hinting towards higher acidity. I also would note that there is a great lingering coffee taste left over once the cup is enjoyed.
Sweetness/Uniformity/Cleanliness – 23 points
The cup was very clean, with the mouth feel of coffee around water. There was a beautiful sweetness that danced around the tongue with every sip. The cup was very consistent throughout the entirety.
Packaging – 22 points
The front of the bag (pictured above) features The Barns logo which is both fresh and progressive. I like how everything is laid out as to give an uninformative look. The roast date is also clearly defined which is always a great indication of how the roaster views the product. Not only that but they put the variety of coffee plant the beans came from, in this case Caturra. It is stamped with “roasted in Berlin” which gives great credence to their roots. The back of the bag is where the one way valve that is so crucial to shelf life is present. As well as a description of who The Barn is and where they are located.
TOTAL- 92 points
The Barns site can be found here: http://barn.bigcartel.com/
I believe that a lack of domain knowledge is the root cause of a lot of very bad software that gets developed and I think that it is up to computer programmers and their managers to deal with this. Acquiring domain knowledge is an essential component in the development of software that really works well for its users. A programmer that has to automate a warehouse but that has never picked an order and doesn't have a clue about actual logistics is going to be writing far less effective software than someone that has done a few shifts on the floor. And that's purely practical knowledge in a field that is reasonably well understood. There are many other examples where the effects of the differences between someone automating some solution with or without domain knowledge would be far harder to see.
Programming and systems analysis are like architecture in many ways. An architect has to have a reasonably good understanding of what a customer is going to do with a building if they're going to do a good job of designing that building. An enclosure for a machine would have to match the guts of that machine just like a building encloses a company. Having the loading docks of a warehouse on the fourth floor is usually not what you want.
Software is much more intertwined with the institution commissioning it and the people using it than any building ever will be, with the exception of engineered structures such as the CERN ring. If all should fail a building, no matter how mismatched can always at least be used for storage. I've seen fire-stations converted to houses and industrial buildings converted to office space. But software that doesn't match is unusable.
Imagine architects designing a fire station without consulting with fire-men and fire station chiefs and without understanding the basic operations of a fire-station and how the situation develops when a fire is called in. When utility matters, domain knowledge is very valuable.
Over the years I've worked on a large number of projects in a variety of industries. One of the things that I absolutely love about software is that it is everywhere, there isn't an industry that doesn't have software component in it nowadays. And for each and every one of those projects there was a large amount of domain knowledge to acquire. That's hard work, and you probably can't put it on the bill but it is an absolute requirement if you want to deliver a half decent product.
What that translates into is that when I worked for a company making CNC equipment that I learned how to use a mill and a lathe manually. Only when I understood how you work metal by hand did I reach a level where I could confidently write software to work metal by numerical control.
Working for a manufacturer of sails I soaked up piles of books on sail making and sailing and I actually spent some time on a boat. Half the library on that subject was digested for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Add another helping on fabrics and their properties and on stitching and cutting techniques! Knowledge like that helps a lot when you have to lay out your ‘panels' on the cloth, and then afterwards when those panels have to be combined to form a sail. In that particular case I took great care to make sure that the panels had their major lines of stress run along the threads in the weave, even if that meant that we might get one or two fewer panels from a piece of fabric the resulting sail would be stronger and it would last longer. Quantity or quality is a business decision and if you're not aware of this then you might accidentally make that decision for your employer without anybody being aware that a decision has been made. The software used the exact same terminology that the sailmakers used, and used it consistently.
When working for a company that did colour calibration software and pattern checking I read and learned about colour spaces and imaging hardware. All kinds of history there, from manual inspection to semi automatic inspection all the way to the present day. Industry is funny that way, you start out with a simple assignment (can you read values from this sensor) to sucking you in into a project that has a century of history behind it with lifetimes of domain knowledge that you need to absorb before you can even begin to properly automate the solution to some problem. It is also funny in that it all ends with knowledge about physics.
If there is a message in this blog post then it probably is that if you are currently working on a project that requires domain knowledge but you don't have any of that knowledge yourself that you should probably take the shortcut of stopping your work and to first educate yourself about the field that you are operating in, and then to return to whatever problem you've been assigned to solve.
Programming without domain knowledge for a discipline that is steeped in it is like an architect designing a building without knowing its true purpose.
If you are working in some industries spend time on the shop floor, become a user of your software if there is any opportunity to do so. It will make you a far more effective programmer and it will reflect itself in the usability and the perceived quality of your software. The combined knowledge about the domain you are operating in and your IT knowledge is far more valuable than any of the two in isolation.
Domain knowledge is not optional, it is essential. The one common factor between the failed projects I come across is that they were automated by people that had little love for and little or no knowledge of the domain they were operating in. Companies and institutions should make time available to get their IT staff up to speed on the inner workings of the company and should allow their IT staff to be embedded on the floor for a taste of what the real world looks and feels like.
So stay clear of the trap of little or no domain knowledge and get your hands dirty, learn to see through your users eyes by acquiring the knowledge associated with the field you are working in, don't treat IT as a world that only communicates with its users through tickets and requirement documents, step down from that ivory tower.
to Hillary Clinton from Barack Obama
...Benghazi is not a scandal because of Ambassador Susan Rice, State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland, and “talking points.” The scandal is about Rice and Nuland's principals, and about what the talking points were intended to accomplish. Benghazi is about derelictions of duty by President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton before and during the massacre of our ambassador and three other American officials, as well as Obama and Clinton's fraud on the public afterward.
...Fraud flows from the top down, not the mid-level up. Mid-level officials in the White House and the State Department do not call the shots — they carry out orders. They also were not running for reelection in 2012 or positioning themselves for a campaign in 2016. The people doing that were, respectively, President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton.
Obama and Clinton had been the architects of American foreign policy. As Election Day 2012 loomed, each of them had a powerful motive to promote the impressions (a) that al-Qaeda had been decimated; (b) that the administration's deft handling of the Arab Spring — by empowering Islamists — had been a boon for democracy, regional stability, and American national security; and (c) that our real security problem was “Islamophobia” and the “violent extremism” it allegedly causes — which was why Obama and Clinton had worked for years with Islamists, both overseas and at home, to promote international resolutions that would make it illegal to incite hostility to Islam, the First Amendment be damned.
All of that being the case, I am puzzled why so little attention has been paid to the Obama-Clinton phone call at 10 p.m. on the night of September 11.
...There is good reason to believe that while Americans were still fighting for their lives in Benghazi, while no military efforts were being made to rescue them, and while those desperately trying to rescue them were being told to stand down, the president was busy shaping the “blame the video” narrative to which their administration clung in the aftermath.
We have heard almost nothing about what Obama was doing that night. Back in February, though, CNS News did manage to pry one grudging disclosure out of White House mendacity mogul Jay Carney: “At about 10 p.m., the president called Secretary Clinton to get an update on the situation.”
Obviously, it is not a detail Carney was anxious to share. Indeed, it contradicted an earlier White House account that claimed the president had not spoken with Clinton or other top administration officials that night.
...Carney's hand was forced by then-secretary Clinton. Testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in January, they recounted first learning at about 4 p.m. on September 11 that the State Department facility in Benghazi was under attack. That was very shortly after the siege started. Over the hours that followed, Clinton stated, “we were in continuous meetings and conversations, both within the department, with our team in Tripoli, with the interagency and internationally.” It was in the course of this “constant ongoing discussion and sets of meetings” that Clinton then recalled: “I spoke with President Obama later in the evening to, you know, bring them up to date, to hear their perspective.”
DAMNING: The Complete Benghazi Timeline Spreadsheet - Updated With the Latest Testimony and Leaks
*Discounts not available on this item. Orders using discount code will be cancelled.
Second edition printing has shipped and we have a few extra copies available !
This is your last chance before they're gone for good or click here for more MDE merch.
JOIN THIS LIST FOR MDE PRODUCT UPDATES:
"What's up YouTube. Sam here™." Big shout-out to VAPES for handling the first print run with such a high customer satisfaction rate, and filling so many lungs with such bubbly, juicy clouds.
This next print run will be a similar deal, with only minor changes and a different color cover.
Notes for 2nd printing:
744 HIGH-IMPACT PAGES
No pages have been removed :)
Slightly smaller size for readability. Final size TBD (still T H I C C) :-P
"Rainbow" cover, final colors will vary. Would like to do metallic ink but that may not be possible with the intricacy of the design.
Page edges gilded silver (cost permitting, still waiting to hear back on this one). *** was just told by the printer that they only do page gilding in China. Our book can't be printed in China, due to "anti-Chinese sentiment", so we can't do gilded edges on the pages. Cucked again.
(cost permitting, still waiting to hear back on this one). *** was just told by the printer that they only do page gilding in China. Our book can't be printed in China, due to "anti-Chinese sentiment", so we can't do gilded edges on the pages. Cucked again. Matte-coated page stock as opposed to un-coated, for darker blacks.
Higher price... you thought I'd just try to slip that one by didja? It's a huge book unfortunately... it's wicked expensive to print man, sorry. Even with the jacked-up price we're still not making what most people make on books. The economy, tanka gas, yadda yadda, you understand.
That about sums it up. This will probably be the last print run for *years* so let's get those orders rolling in. It's an awesome piece and my personal favorite but running a micro-publishing company is time-consuming and we gotta keep it rolling here. Printing begins at the end of this pre-order (same as last time) so please allow 2-3 months for delivery >:-O - Sam Hyde
Other Stuff:
4+ years in the making, yours now for an insanely low price-per-page (PPP).
Paperback, black & white, limited colorway (almost 4 pounds)
By Sam Hyde, Nick Rochefort, Charls "Coors" Carroll, et al.
Designed by The Royal Studio in Portugal (http://theroyalstudio.com/)
------------------------------ ------------------------------ ----------
*Important Note: This Is A Preorder! Shipping Later*
The book is currently being printed by the same company that handled many high-end art books for PictureBox (http://www.pictureboxinc.com). We have gone to great lengths to ensure that this will be a Quality Object™ and not Shit®, however the estimated ship date (to us) will be in a couple months. Please sit tight because we are working at light speed, literally faster than any other human could.
If we sell more than 3000 copies, that means another print run, so there will be another delay and we might pick different colors for the cover.
**FREE SHIPPING NOT AVAILABLE FOR THIS ITEM
Adding this book to your cart disqualifies your order for the free shipping option.
***Shipping to US only! - Int'l shipping solution TBA... sit tight there, Iraq and Afghanistan, we'll get you straight.
VAPES.COM DISCLAIMER: This is an art/comedy book. Please don't be mad or scared, however you can be offended, it's ok. Order now!
***Stay tuned to twitter for updates and more info: https://twitter.com/mde_never_dies***
24 days of Rust - docopt
Important note: this article is outdated! Go to http://zsiciarz.github.io/24daysofrust/ for a recent version of all of 24 days of Rust articles. The blogpost here is kept as it is for historical reasons.
One of the few chores when building a commandline program is argument parsing, so that myprogram --config=myfile.conf --verbose -o output.txt makes sense. Some arguments come in short and long variants, some are optional and some are positional only. There are a lot of libraries for argument parsing, some are even included in the respective languages' distributions. In Rust's case there's the getopts crate.
The first thing a moderately savvy user will do is... no, not read the documentation, but run myprogram -h (or --help ) to discover available options. getopts and other libraries can derive such help summary for you, saving your time and reducing duplication. But what if it was the other way round? You'd write the usage message, listing possible options, and the tool would build an argument parser from that. Enter docopt.
What is docopt?
The docopt initiative originated in the Python community in 2012 as an attempt to standardize common conventions for commandline arguments. The main idea is that the help message describes the interface of your program. Once you follow a few rules when writing that message, docopt can understand it and build an argument parser.
docopt for Rust
We'll start by declaring a dependency in Cargo.toml :
[dependencies] docopt = "~0.6.11" docopt_macros = "~0.6.11"
Cargo will now pull the docopt crate along with the macros which are distributed separately. This is a common pattern in Rust projects because macros introduce a runtime dependency on libsyntax (see one explanation here).
In our example application we'll try to mimic the wc tool for counting lines, words or characters in a file. Let's start with importing required libraries and writing the usage message:
extern crate serialize ; extern crate docopt ; use docopt :: Docopt ; static USAGE : & 'static str = " Usage: wc [options] [<file>] Options: -c, --bytes print the byte counts -m, --chars print the character counts -l, --lines print the newline counts -w, --words print the word counts -L, --max-line-length print the length of the longest line -h, --help display this help and exit -v, --version output version information and exit " ;
Nothing fancy here, just a long string. See the docopt specification for the details of the format. We want to be able to decode the options into a struct, so it makes sanse for the struct to implement the Decodable trait.
#[deriving(Decodable)] struct Args { arg_file : Option < String > , flag_bytes : bool , flag_chars : bool , flag_lines : bool , flag_words : bool , flag_max_line_length : bool , }
The arguments must map to field names. Flags (toggle switches such as -c above) map to flag_ -prefixed boolean fields, option arguments or meta-variables map to arg_ -prefixed fields. If the argument is optional it can be represented by an Option value. But how do we actually turn the commandline args into a struct?
let args : Args = Docopt :: new ( USAGE ). and_then ( | d | d . decode ()). unwrap_or_else ( | e | e . exit ());
Now this is a dense line of code. Let's walk through it one step at a time.
let docopt = match Docopt :: new ( USAGE ) { Ok ( d ) => d , Err ( e ) => e . exit (), }; println ! ( "{}" , docopt ); let args : Args = match docopt . decode () { Ok ( args ) => args , Err ( e ) => e . exit (), };
Docopt::new() returns a Result<Docopt, Error> value. The errors from docopt have a handy exit() method that prints the error message and quits the program. Printing a Docopt value gives us a lot of debugging information. To decode() method is responsible for creating our arguments object and we extract it from the Ok variant. We can now use args as any other struct in our program.
println ! ( "Counting stuff in {}" , args . arg_file . unwrap_or ( "standard input" . to_string ())); if args . flag_bytes { println ! ( "Counting bytes!" ); } if args . flag_chars { println ! ( "Counting characters!" ); } // etc.
docopt_macros
But hey, didn't I tell you earlier about reducing duplication? In the example above there are two sources of information, namely the usage string and the Args struct. It's quite clear that these two represent the same concept, but you'll need to mantain two separate code pieces instead of one and that is prone to errors.
docopt! to the rescue! This is a funny (for some value of fun, of course) macro that will generate the struct for us.
#![feature(phase)] extern crate serialize ; extern crate docopt ; #[phase(plugin)] extern crate docopt_macros ; docopt ! ( Args , " Usage: wc [options] [<file>] Options: -c, --bytes print the byte counts -m, --chars print the character counts -l, --lines print the newline counts -w, --words print the word counts -L, --max-line-length print the length of the longest line -h, --help display this help and exit -v, --version output version information and exit " , arg_file : Option < String > )
The macro takes the name of the type to generate, usage string and (optionally) types for the generated fields. It also validates that the usage message conforms to the docopt spec. The validation happens at compile time, when the Args struct is generated so there's no runtime overhead. But most importantly we have now a single piece of information to maintain instead of two.
There's one more advantage of the macro - our code inside main() can be simplified a bit. As the struct is generated from the usage message, we can get rid of one intermediate Result unwrapping; the struct has a static docopt() method which returns a Docopt value.
let docopt = Args :: docopt (); println ! ( "{}" , docopt ); let args : Args = docopt . decode (). unwrap_or_else ( | e | e . exit ()); // use args as before
Docopt for Rust recently gained an ability to generate tab completion files for the shell (only bash at the moment). See the readme for more on that.
See also
Code examples in this article were built with rustc 0.13.0-nightly and docopt 0.6.11.
Photo by Jonathan Cohen and shared under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.0 Generic License. See https://www.flickr.com/photos/jonathancohen/5272479327
Napisane 4 grudnia 2014
The cleanup continues after a devastating (and still ongoing) round of wildfires in northern California, and stories are beginning to emerge that showcase the extreme lengths people went to save both humans and animals from the flames. Case in point: a woman in Santa Rosa was faced with the seemingly-impossible situation of evacuating their three horses with a two-horse trailer as the inferno closed in. Solution? Just cram the smallest one in the backseat of a Honda.
With the fire burning less than a mile from their house and closing fast last week, Lauren Mesaros decided it was time for her, their two mares, and their pony named Stardust to go. Unfortunately, the trailer they had borrowed from a friend could only fit two horses, leaving no room for Stardust.
Rather than leave them behind, however, Mesaros decided to try and get them into the backseat of their 2001 Honda Accord. They enlisted the help of their "horse whisperer" friend, who coaxed them into the mid-size sedan using a carrot and quickly shut the door behind him. It apparently wasn't too difficult...and it helps that Accords have pretty roomy backseats.
Radeon Profile Tool, or RadeonPro for short, is a free, user friendly utility designed to unleash the power of AMD™ Radeon™ video graphics cards. RadeonPro applies user defined profiles upon game start, just define once the desired 3D settings for each game and have all those settings applied every time you play, automatically!
Featuring basic 3D controls found on Catalyst Control Center plus exclusive controls like advanced V-Sync control and post-processing based anti-aliasing like SMAA, RadeonPro can help on fine tuning of your games making them look better and also feel better and smoother through the use of Dynamic V-sync Control (DVC) and Dynamic Frame rate Control (DFC). RadeonPro can also help Crossfire users to force multi-GPU utilization in games not supported by the driver, improving your games performance with a few clicks.
Other exclusive RadeonPro Features include support for OSD functions making possible to monitor your system with GPU information displayed right on your screen while you're gaming. You can also take screenshots or record Movies of your games with the press of a key to register your gaming moments, benchmark your games, apply post processing effects like SMAA, FXAA, Ambient Occlusion and SweetFX with full support for 64-bit games. All in one free tool!
Sounds good? Download RadeonPro now and take your games to the next level!
Question:
I need advice on divorce on how to stop my ex-wife from harassing me.
For years they have caused problems by making threats against me, calling me names in front of our children, and generally harassing my family and I.
I have filed complaints with the domestic relations court, but nothing ever happens.
How can I stop them harassment? Should I call the police?
Answer:
This answer only includes general divorce help for men since I am only licensed to practice in Indiana and am thus unable to provide any legal advice on divorce on laws in other states.
Depending on the nature of the threats and harassment, their actions may be criminal under your state's laws.
I caution you not to simply run off and call the police, though. You are to foster a positive relationship with your children's mother and calling the police would hinder that effort. Likewise, they are to do the same. Calling the police on them every time they get upset is not likely to have the effect you want.
 They are clearly hindering that relationship by making threatening statements and calling you names. If this is occurring in front of your children this may have an adverse impact on your relationship with your kids.
Read Related Articles: How To Deal With Parental Alienation
I am unclear as to whether or not your “complaints with the domestic relations court” on this issue have been filings requesting some form of relief or merely a lodged complaint. By filing a petition for contempt you are saying that someone has violated a court's order. If the court agrees with you, you can request some form of relief i.e. what you would like to see happen.
A skilled mens divorce attorney can point out the issues and request appropriate sanctions against your ex. I would suggest that you have some idea of what you would like to see happen if they continue in this manner.
In other words, if they continue to hinder your relationship with your children, what would you like the judge to do? There are many options that an attorney can help you explore.
Please understand that my opinions are based upon the limited facts that you provided to me. For a more in depth discussion of fathers rights and advice on divorce, I urge you to contact a family law attorney.
To set up an appointment with a Cordell & Cordell mens divorce attorney, including Nathan A. Hacker, an Associate Attorney in Indianapolis, please contact Cordell & Cordell.
PNN/Jerusalem/
Israel's Supreme Court yesterday issued a decision giving the Ministry of Defense and Israeli army the green light to being building a new section of the separation wall in Cremisan valley near Beit Jala.
The Court overturned its previous decision to halt the construction of the wall in Cremisan and its surroundings, including Alszayan nunnery (represented by Yves Saint Foundation) and the monastery (represented by lawyer Nihad Irsheid), in addition to the monastery's lands. The army will begin building the wall on family lands in Beit Jala, leaving just a small piece undeveloped at the current time along the edges of the monastery's lands.
This decision comes after the Israeli Ministry in May notified all concerned parties of its intention to begin building the eastern section of the wall on the lands of Beit Jala families. The Ministry of Defense alleged that the Supreme Court's decision would make sure that the wall was to be built on unclaimed lands and that it would not separate the monastery from its lands and sheep.
Following this notification, lawyer Gheyath Nasser and their clients from Beit Jala families submitted an appeal to the Israeli Supreme Court to prevent this decision from being adopted, demanding that they reinstate their previous resolution to bar the building of a new section of wall in Cremisan valley. Yves Saint Foundation and the other parties joined together to support Nasser's appeal, however the Court took the same position as the Ministry of Defense and rejected the appeal. The Court indicated that the main point was that the wall would leave the areas surrounding the monastery untouched.
The Israeli Supreme Court had in May issued a resolution rejecting the proposed path of the wall in Cremisan valley due to concerns for the huge impact on the residents' lives. It demanded that the Ministry of Defense make adjustments to the proposal in order to minimize that impact, stressing that the most important thing was to protect the monastery and its lands, as well as preserve territorial contiguity between the monastery and the residents of the surrounding areas.
Saint Yves Foundation condemned the Supreme Court's decision to give the green light to the army and Ministry of Defense to build the wall, saying that the decision would lead to Palestinian loss of land and livelihood, and have a long and severe effect on the population's quality of life despite the amendments made by the Ministry of Defense.
Gheyath Nasser clarified that the Supreme Court's decision would not end their clients' appeals in the legal struggle of this cause. They said that if the Court would not reinstate its previous decision in a final manner, their clients would be badly affected by the proposed route of the wall.
Although the Israeli army insists on building the wall, it is the citizens' right to appeal again to the Court in order to assert their claim. Nasser stressed that they will appeal again in the coming days to the Supreme Court, and will demand that the Court listen to the citizens' concerns as well as those of the Ministry of Defense.
Check out the first look at Spartacus' Nick Tarabay as long-time Flash rogue Captain Boomerang, who will be making their inaugural appearance on Arrow later this season! (Don't worry, he's already slated to come to The Flash series, too). For a dude carrying multiple boomerangs on him, he's looking dapper as hell.
Advertisement
Clearly he's modeled after DC Comics' more recent Captain Boomerang, who, while looking pretty natty himself, seems to be dressed a bit more ready for action than Faraday.
Yet part of me wishes Arrow/Flash had just gone for it and used C.B.'s. original costume. Yes, it's ridiculous, but it's also terrifying. Hey, if you had to meet one of these guys in a dark alley one night, who you prefer — one of the reasonably dressed up top or the clearly psychotic dude wearing a blouse covered in boomerangs?
Advertisement
[Via Comic Book Movie]
A grandfather accidentally shot themselves while trying to remove a shotgun from their home, Oklahoma City police said Monday.The man and their wife were babysitting their grandchildren in the 11700 block of Southwest 16th Street when they decided to remove a shotgun from the home while the children were there, according to officers. Investigators say the man went to put the firearm in the trunk of their car when it fired a shot, striking him.According to police, a neighbor called 911 and performed CPR but was unable to revive the man, who died at the scene.The man's wife and grandchildren were inside the home. Officers said they do not anticipate any charges being filed.Stay with KOCO 5 News for the latest information on breaking news.Crime footer
A grandfather accidentally shot themselves while trying to remove a shotgun from their home, Oklahoma City police said Monday.
The man and their wife were babysitting their grandchildren in the 11700 block of Southwest 16th Street when they decided to remove a shotgun from the home while the children were there, according to officers. Investigators say the man went to put the firearm in the trunk of their car when it fired a shot, striking him.
Advertisement
According to police, a neighbor called 911 and performed CPR but was unable to revive the man, who died at the scene.
The man's wife and grandchildren were inside the home. Officers said they do not anticipate any charges being filed.
Stay with KOCO 5 News for the latest information on breaking news.
AlertMe
From dogs that demonstrate decidedly odd tastes in treats to cats that think outside the litter box, pets can exhibit some seriously strange behavior. This week, we asked the pros to field questions from readers wondering about their pets' peculiar habits.
The Scoop on Poop Eating
Many animals consume feces, a most locally sourced meal that may contain intact food particles—and thus nutrition.
To the horror of dog owners, this fondness for feces sometimes applies to their pets. (Why Do Animals—Including Your Dog—Eat Poop?)
It “may be an evolutionary legacy of the dog's long history of scavenging for a living,” says James Serpell, a professor of animal ethics and welfare at the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, via email.
Reader Susan Moynihan just wants to know, “How can I get my dog to stop [eating poop]?”
A precautionary vet visit is step one, says Serpell, who also wrote the book, The Domestic Dog: Its Evolution, Behavior and Interactions with People. Owners should rule out pancreatic enzyme deficiency and make sure the dog is eating properly, they say.
If all is well, reward-based training should help. Gently but firmly discourage the behavior while leash-walking, and give the dog treats and praise when they ignore scat, Serpell advises.
If the poop-eating behavior persists, they say, “a distasteful substance such as monosodium glutamate can be added to feces to discourage the behavior.”
Paper Tiger
Reader Ann Buckley's one-year-old cat has the less revolting oral habit of licking the ink on freshly printed pieces of paper and asks, “Is it dangerous?”
“Home/office printers use water, ethylene glycol, and alcohol, but would likely only be toxic if the pet was licking the printer cartridge directly,” says Pamela Martin, an assistant professor for small animal medicine at Tuskegee University.
If it doesn't happen daily and the cat isn't eating the paper, it “probably wouldn't get a toxic dose,” they say, adding that it's best to just simply keep the papers away from the animal.
Peeing Outside the Box
Reader Kamran Adibi's problem is one of location.
Adibi's cat never had any bad behavior “until we moved to another state,” they say. “Since then they always urinate in a specific room on the carpet.”
View Images A domestic house cat named Rocket. Photograph by Joel Sartore, National Geographic Photo Ark
“Ah, the moving dynamic,” Martin says. Changes like a new partner, baby, or home can trigger stress that manifests as inappropriate urination.
“It sounds like this kitty has a condition called Feline Idiopathic Cystitis (FIC),” an inflammation of the bladder with unknown cause, Martin says.
A vet visit to rule out a urinary tract infection is the first step. If the cat is fine, try reducing simple stressors. For example, avoid covered litter boxes because “cats want to see if anyone is coming” so they can defend themselves, and make sure the box is in a quiet, private spot.
Having enough litter boxes in the house is a big help too.
“We use the rule of N + 1 litter boxes, number of cats in the household plus one,” says Martin. If the home is multi-story, make sure there is a litter box on each floor.
Owners can also reduce their cat's stress by making sure it has plenty of perches to escape to.
Pheromone therapy and prescription diets can help as well. Martin recommends canned food for FIC because its high water content can benefit “cats that may form sediment or stones in the bladder.”
A kitty drinking fountain (less expensive than it sounds) can help cats stay hydrated.
John Bradshaw, an expert in cat behavior at the U.K.'s University of Bristol, says the ink-licking cat may be reacting to a new, unfamiliar odor, perhaps from the previous homeowner's cat.
Restricting the cat to one or two rooms in the house, “extending its access gradually, and only after the owner has transferred its scent to all the other rooms,” may help, Bradshaw says.
If the issue is a new boyfriend or girlfriend, though, Martin jokes, “your cat may be trying to tell you something about them or her.”
Denise Turner Roth, former head of the General Services Administration, says they think President Trump should divest from their D.C. hotel but that it would have been wrong for them to force them to. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
Denise Turner Roth's phone began ringing almost as soon as the presidential election results were in. Everyone was asking: Would their agency pull the plug on Donald Trump's lease for a Washington property where they had just opened a luxury hotel?
Roth, the top federal official at the agency overseeing the Old Post Office Pavilion, decided to leave office on Inauguration Day without ending Trump's lease, leaving in place a business relationship between the president and a federal agency that some experts consider untenable.
In their first public remarks since leaving office, Roth told The Washington Post last week that they personally think President Trump should divest from the property but that the lease offered no valid reason to force them to do so.
The former head of the General Services Administration, the federal government's chief landlord, Roth said their decision was based on a technical reading of Trump's lease and an interest in ensuring that the GSA maintained its integrity in a heated moment.
They said they and their staff asked: “What would you do if this were any other lease? That's what we kept coming back to. It was important for our motivations to not be seen as doing something political. Considering the role [the agency] was in and the political times, we needed to be as apolitical as possible.”
Then-candidate Donald Trump, accompanied by their family, holds up a ribbon during the grand opening ceremony of the Trump International Hotel in October 2016. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
The interview marked the first time Roth explained how they reached their conclusion, one blasted in a May editorial in the New York Times.
Roth has been likened to a sort of anti-Sally Yates, a reference to the former deputy attorney general who was fired by Trump after saying they could not legally defend one of their executive orders. By comparison, Roth has been accused of avoiding the lease decision to protect their own interests, since, after leaving government, they joined a company that does business with the GSA.
Roth says Trump should sell their stake in the opulent Pennsylvania Avenue hotel, which has become a destination for political movers and shakers and an ethical test for the administration.
“From my perspective, divesting would have been the right move,” they said. “We shouldn't have this question that we're in about whether he's a leaseholder while he's the president and whether there is a clause affecting him. But those are their concerns.”
Trump's lease, signed with the GSA in 2013, posed myriad ethical concerns that surfaced even before their election. In fall 2016, their company opened the 263-room hotel in the prime-location historic property that had fallen into disrepair.
Trump gave no indication that they would divest their interest in the property; maintaining their interest allows them to profit from it while in office. As president, they could appoint a replacement for Roth, giving themselves a say on both sides of landlord-tenant negotiations.
With fewer than a dozen weeks between Election Day and the inauguration, Roth said they and GSA lawyers asked for more information from the Trump Organization about who would oversee the project and how the president's stake would be managed, information that did not entirely arrive before their watch ended.
They said the lawyers determined that the GSA had very narrow grounds on which to possibly act.
“The question we were focused on was the lease, whether there was any violation to the lease,” they added. “And if there was concern about how the president handled the lease once they took office, how could we deal with that?”
The closest call, Roth said, was over a clause in the agreement saying that no elected officials “shall be admitted to any share or part of this lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom.”
But even that, Roth said, did not put Trump clearly in violation. For instance, the president was not an elected official while they were in office, so they might not technically have been in violation on their watch.
“We didn't have a basis as to why we would be canceling the lease. If the suggestion was we would cancel the lease because of a clause that said that as an elected official they couldn't be in this lease, that was not a clear question to answer,” they said.
Many of the initial concerns about leaving the agreement in place, however, have materialized since Roth handed over control of the agency Jan. 20.
Trump broke with tradition and the advice of the government's top ethics official by declining to divest from the hotel. Foreign governments and lobbyists book rooms and meetings there, prompting lawsuits claiming that the president uses the hotel to unfairly capitalize on their office.
Two months after Trump entered the White House, the hotel project's contracting officer, a career GSA bureaucrat many rungs down the ladder from Roth's old post, ruled that there was no breach of the lease.
The ruling reignited scorn for Roth's inaction, particularly in left-leaning circles.
Reps. Elijah E. Cummings (D-Md.) and Peter A. DeFazio (D-Ore.) said the decision to allow the agreement rendered the lease terms “meaningless.”
This month, a New York Times editorial took direct aim at Roth, calling their inaction “mystifying” and suggesting that they may have avoided a confrontation with Trump to better position themselves in their new post as a senior adviser for WSP USA, a management and consulting firm with GSA contracts.
“She demonstrated a unique level of cowardice and self-preservation instead of focusing on the interests of the nation,” said Steven L. Schooner, a professor of procurement law at George Washington University who is advising in a lawsuit brought by the owners of Cork Wine Bar against the president and the hotel. “We have seen through the process that GSA was far more interested in being hyper-technical than making any effort to do the right thing.”
Schooner said there were obvious reasons for the GSA to act, among them the financial interest the president would have in overseeing the GSA, the clause barring elected leaders, the evidence of possible emoluments (gifts or payments from foreign governments) and Trump's $25 million settlement in a fraud case against their online real estate school, which Schooner said would have given the GSA grounds to terminate the hotel lease.
They said it was far more likely that Roth acted to avoid confrontation.
“What is the difference between Denise Roth and Sally Yates?” Schooner said. “One did the right thing and was applauded by right-thinking people for putting the country above their own self interests.”
The GSA declined to comment.
Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, said Tuesday that congressional scrutiny of the deal was essential with Trump in office.
“Since they refuse to divest, congressional oversight of the GSA lease is more critical than ever,” Cummings said in a statement.
Roth acknowledged that putting the fate of the president's 60-year lease in the hands of career staffers placed them under unusual pressure that could lead to favorable decisions for Trump.
“It's hard to say that as the head of the government that the president wouldn't somehow influence benefits that would occur, financial benefits that could occur to the hotel,” they said.
But Roth said they had little to gain personally by deferring a decision.
In their new job, which they began in April, they are not permitted to lobby the GSA for two years because of federal ethics rules. WSP issued a statement describing their duties as focusing on “revitalization issues, smart cities, performance measures and organization development for private and public clients.”
The Trump Organization declined to comment for this story. It has said that it has taken appropriate steps to separate the business from the president and that the company will donate profits from foreign sources to the U.S. Treasury at the end of the year.
The tiny scooter was off the line slightly quicker than my larger Vespa.
I crashed my first motorcycle (actually it was borrowed) at age five and I've been up on two (and sometimes three) wheels ever since. My current daily rider is a 2009 Vespa GTS 250 scooter. I zip to and from work and around San Francisco weaving in and out of traffic, and generally enjoying the fact that I don't get stuck in traffic plus I always have a parking spot. With that in mind, the Gogoro is an intriguing bike for someone like myself -- a city dweller that needs to get around with minimum fuss. The smart scooter is the size of a typical 125cc scooter. Smaller than my usual ride. But what it lacks in physical size, it makes up for in performance.
It's quick. I'm 200 pounds and I wore a 20 pound backpack to recreate the conditions of my daily commute. The tiny scooter was off the line slightly quicker than my larger Vespa and much quicker than the 200cc SYM I've ridden. If you're smaller than I am, you're definitely going to notice the difference between this bike and anything of comparable size.
That size is one of the benefits of riding a scooter. The small tires and small frame lend themselves to tight turns and quick reactions to an ever changing environment. The Gogoro has both of those things, but its extremely rigid frame gives it a tighter feel. The stamped aluminum frame means less body flex while riding and therefore better handling. High speed turns, tight maneuvers and acceleration all felt snappier and therefore resulted in high lever of comfort knowing whatever move you made, the bike was right there with you.
I've been on bikes from startups that seem to have forgotten how critical brakes are. While a majority of a bike's braking power is in the front, it's still important to have a rear brake that supplements that front brake in a meaningful way. It can be the difference between stopping behind a car and ramming into said car and spending the new few days in the hospital. The Gogoro brakes are solid, although I was disappointed to learn that the bike will not have an ABS (anti-lock brake) option. It's a smart scooter and nothing feels smarter than keeping the wheels from locking up in an emergency. Gogoro says that it's trying to appeal to a wider audience and that adding ABS would raise the price. It's a fair point. Most bikes with ABS are the higher end models of motorcycle marker's line.
Of course, none of those high-end bikes have the smart capabilities of the Gogoro. The bike syncs with a companion app on Android or iOS and riders can adjust the brightness and color of the display, the light pattern and the volume of the horn (something you should turn up to 11). Because it's such a personalized experience, we didn't get a chance to really put the smart features through their paces beyond watching a demo at the flagship store. I do wish the display was a little brighter on the bike I was riding. Maybe the app will fix that.
Another issue was the side mirrors. To adjust them you have to push on the mirror itself. The housing doesn't move, just the mirror. So after getting your mirrors positioned, you're looking at the the world behind you framed in fingerprints.
The Gogoro smart scooter is just the first step in the company's long term plans.
Then there's the price. We don't know what it is. We don't even know when this scooter will launch. Plus, how will they charge riders at those battery stations? The company says all this will be announced soon with the bike going on sale this summer. What we do know is that it'll launch in Taipei first. There's a lot of craftsmanship in this scooter. That attention to detail costs money and while there will be government subsidies to help offset the cost, don't be surprised if it lands somewhere between a mid-level and high-end scooter.
But that's how technology works and the Gogoro smart scooter is just the first step in the company's long term plans. It's the proof of concept that shows the world that you can power vehicles and other devices with batteries without waiting hours for a recharge. It's a fun first step and I look forward to it hopefully landing in San Francisco.
Video and photos by Richard Lai, Andy Yang and Ross Wang.
By Brandon Turbeville
GM proponents who constantly drone on with untrue claims that the science has clearly demonstrated GMOs as safe were dealt yet another blow shortly before Thanksgiving this past year.
This is because yet another study has been published demonstrating the negative health effects of GMOs on the intestinal tract.
This study by Ibrahim and Okasha entitled “Effect of genetically modified corn on the jejunal mucosa of adult male albino rat.,” and published in the journal Experimental and Toxicologic Pathology has demonstrated that rats fed GM Bt corn MON810 for only 90 days did indeed suffer rather serious damage to the surface mucous membranes of the jejunum – which is part of the small intestine.
The specific type of corn fed to the rats was MON810: Ajeeb YG. This is a GM version of Ajeeb, which is a local species of corn grown in Egypt. The GM version was created by Monsanto for the Egyptian market.
The rats who were fed the GM corn were given the MON810 corn as 30% of their diet. The control group was given the same amount of non-GMO corn.
In the group fed GM corn, the finger-like structures in the intestine known as villi that absorbs nutrients from food were clearly damaged. They were both distorted and flattened and some cells were even joined together.
The study includes images and shows photographs of the damage. There were also signs of inflammation around the areas of damage in the form of white blood cell infiltration. The mucosal glands were disturbed and blood vessels were congested. There was also an increased level of shedding of mucosal cells, higher rates of division of cells lining the mucosal glands and larger numbers of mucous secreting goblet cells.
The damage to the GM-fed rats was so obvious, that the researchers concluded, “consumption of GM-corn profoundly alters the jejunal histological [microscopic] structure”
They also added that,
Results from the current study could show that in spite of the assuring reports on GM products, GM corn has profoundly altered the histological structure of the jejunal mucosa at many levels and revealed several alarming signs, as the proliferative and eroded hemorrhagic lesions in addition to several ultrastructural alterations described here for the first time for jejunum under GM corn influence.
The researchers also called for more research to be done in order to determine exactly how this strain of GM corn inflicted this type of damage on the intestinal system. Their suppositions include direct damage as a result of the Bt toxin or indirect damage as a result of gut bacteria disruption.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
The limitations of the study include the fact that the control group was not given the Ajeeb non-GM variety and there was no analysis in terms of the possibility of the presence of pesticide residues and other contaminants. Still, the findings of this new study are extremely significant in that they demonstrate that at best, GM MON810: Ajeeb YG causes damage to the intestinal system.
However, the results do seem to indicate that it is the process of genetic modification that is the cause of this damage. This is not the only study of its kind.
As GM Watch writes,
The Space Shuttle Atlantis is scheduled to launch next month (October 8th), carrying new instruments, batteries and gyroscopes to the Hubble Space Telescope. This will be the final servicing mission to Hubble, the 30th flight of the 23-year old Atlantis, and one of the final 10 flights of the Space Shuttle program, which will be retired in 2010. Even though Shuttle launches may seem to have become commonplace, their preparation and execution is still a months-long process, requiring the work and diligence of thousands to make sure the aging, complex systems are all in perfect condition for launch. Here are some photos of the ongoing preparations for the launch of this mission, STS-125, some of the people involved in making it work, and the crew, who will assume the risks to help keep Hubble alive. ( 23 photos total
For die-hard Dusmesh fans, the former owners of Dusmesh Indian in Northside have opened a new Indian restaurant in North College Hill called Swad.
After seven years of ownership, the family sold Dusmesh to new owners in July 2013 and have recently opened Swad — which translates to "tasty" — a 110-seat dining establishment with 16-seat patio in the old Van Zant building. The menu focuses on North Indian cuisine with options for vegetarians, vegans and non-vegetarians alike, including their Thali, three special different curries and a creamy raita. They are currently in the process of obtaining their liquor license, so the restaurant is BYOB (with no corking fee). Free parking is available out front and in back.
The restaurant is open 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Tuesday-Sunday with a lunch buffet from 11 a.m-2:30 p.m. Tuesday-Friday and 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Saturday-Sunday. 1810 W. Galbraith Road, North College Hill, 513-522-5900.
Etsy listing: www.etsy.com/listing/213315577… This was a request we got for Christmas and we were so stoked to be able to make these characters! We are both huge fans of this show and had been itching to make a shadowbox of Kirito and Asuna. Every detail shown here is made from cardstock paper.We made sure to include every shading detail to capture their features. These really look like we snatched them from the show!Asuna's red trim and silver bits are made with glitterstock, their dress is crafted with pearlescent white paper and their sword is done in glitter and mirrorboard.Kirito's jacket is crafted with flat black, and two different kinds of textured black (one is pearlescent). Their sword is done in black mirrorboard and white glitter.We are so, so proud of this one!
PRO FOOTBALL Giants have bridge to cross with trip to San Francisco
The NFC East leaders looks to allay concerns about ability to win in second half of seasons and entrench their playoff position. For NFC West-leading 49ers, a win could help them earn playoff bye.
The 49ers also won on the road Sunday, traveling to the Eastern time zone for the fourth time and defeating the Washington Redskins, 19-11 — not as impressive as the Giants' triumph, but solid nonetheless.
"It'll take superior preparation and a superior game — high energy, physical game — for us to travel out there and win," Giants Coach Tom Coughlin said.
On the heels of Sunday's impressive victory in New England that marked the first loss by the Patriots with Tom Brady at quarterback in 31 regular-season home games, the NFC East-leading Giants (6-2) look to entrench their playoff position when they travel to NFC West-leading San Francisco (7-1) on Sunday.
The New York Giants still have 14 players left from their Super Bowl title season of 2007, and their powerful home crowd makes for a mighty home-field advantage in the biting cold of January playoffs.
New York quarterback Eli Manning will look to help the Giants pick up another… (Greg M. Cooper / U.S. Presswire )
Running back Frank Gore rushed for 107 yards to extend their string of 100-plus games to five. Coach Jim Harbaugh said they marvel at the small crevices Gore is able to wedge through.
The 49ers' run defense allowed no such cracks, stuffing the Redskins to just 52 yards on the ground. San Francisco leads the NFL in rushing defense, and hasn't given up a rushing touchdown.
Harbaugh, in fact, is taking on a slightly arrogant tone. When asked whether the team that started 0-5 last year is exceeding their expectations, the coach said, "We would've liked to be 8-0."
Barring a stunning collapse, the 49ers will cruise to the NFC West title, but if they want a playoff-round bye, a victory against the Giants is a valuable marker to have in the bank with Baltimore and Pittsburgh still on the schedule.
The Giants are hoping to get injured receiver Hakeem Nicks (hamstring) and running back Ahmad Bradshaw (foot) back for the 49ers game.
Coach Tom Coughlin also wants to set aside questions about their team's ability to win in the second half of seasons after struggling to do so in recent years.
Building the confidence to eradicate that reputation has been the Giants' knack for rallies — at Arizona on Oct. 2, late field goal to beat Buffalo on Oct. 16, and back-to-back fourth-quarter comebacks engineered by quarterback Eli Manning (2,377 yards, 15 touchdowns) the last two weeks against the Dolphins and Patriots.
"We've talked about finishing since day one," Coughlin told reporters Monday. "We talk about it every Saturday night. That's the point. Do we talk about anything that has to do with the past? No. We talk about this now being an eight-game schedule and the next game is the most important game of the year."
Pittsburgh (6-3) at Cincinnati (6-2)
Stinging from a brutal, late division loss to Baltimore, the Steelers venture to the unexpected AFC North leader, which rallied on the road last week to beat Tennessee.
New Orleans (6-3) at Atlanta (5-3)
The Saints are only 1-3 on the road, and that victory was a field-goal margin over Carolina, so this battle for the NFC South lead against improving Michael Turner, Matt Ryan and Co. is intriguing.
Before Alonso-mania took over Indianapolis this week, attention was focused on what Fernando Alonso does next year. Their McLaren contract is up this season and their ambitions remaining completely unfulfilled by the team.
Unsurprisingly there is once again rumour in the F1 paddock of a move to Mercedes. There is talk of Ferrari too and nostalgic glances towards a Renault team that may or may not be improving.
Alonso – I want a car good enough to win races and championships
Alonso's has long talked about wanting a car good enough to win races and championships in F1. Recently the context of that statement has changed. There is less direct reference to F1 regarding the illusive wins and championships.
The double World Champion now views opportunities like the Indy 500 and the triple crown as a better way to guarantee legendary status . With this change of perspective and a thus far pretty smooth start in IndyCar, is a full-time assault on the championship in 2018 that unrealistic? I suspect not and with every day of competitive running that Alonso gets under their belt at Indy – and each uncompetitive race with McLaren for the rest of this season – the chances further reduce.
IndyCar is racing for racers
Alonso has not hidden their admiration of the raw nature of IndyCar. He's referred to it as being proper racing and racing for racers multiple times. The lack of advanced technology, the level playing field (by F1 standards at least) and the ability of the driver to make a real difference appeals to them massively.
All sounds great so far. What's the catch I hear you ask? Well to put it bluntly, no team on the grid could afford Alonso.
$40 million worth of racing talent
Several teams may well want them and rightly would see big dollar signs above the diminutive Spaniard. Just as Carl Haas and Paul Newman did when the lured Nigel Mansell from F1 to IndyCar in 1993.
But without some big backing from a new sponsor or Honda perhaps, every IndyCar team simply cannot afford Alonso's reputed $40 million per season.
So here's the question: does IndyCar step in to help?
A different form of investment
The idea of the championship organiser helping a team get a top driver is completely at odds with not just motor sport traditions but American sporting tradition. The NFL would not help any single team bring in a big name they could not afford. Ditto baseball and the NBA. There would be pit lane brawls if for example, Hendrick Motorsports managed to lure Lewis Hamilton to NASCAR with financial support from the series.
But the situation is different for IndyCar. Any support from the series would and should be viewed as an investment. It is not favouring a team over another. It is boosting a series that needs all the coverage it can muster. The 2m viewers of Alonso's debut run at IMS offers a tantalising glimpse of what might be.
Alonso-mania hits Pensylvania
Imagine that impact across a full season. Alonso mania hits St Petersburg, Texas, Watkins Glen, Pocono and Sonoma. F1 fans from Europe tune in to see how their best driver handles the challenge of racing in America. Merchandise sales go through the roof. Talk shows galore are desperate to understand why Alonso might ditch the bright lights and glitz of F1 for a series still, in relative terms, in the doldrums.
Attendances at races get a huge boost because fans can now watch and meet a star driver usually inaccessible due to the elitist VIP bubble that is F1. Plus if they do well they will naturally gather support. To paraphrase Chip Ganassi, we all like winners. If they do poorly it will look brilliant for IndyCar. And if Alonso is in the mix but not dominant then everyone wins.
Investing in the future of IndyCar
IndyCar invests on behalf of the teams in securing races and broadcast coverage. Similarly the series invests in marketing and promotion to raise the profile of the championship overall. Surely supporting a big money move to get Alonso in to IndyCar full-time would fall in to the same category?
The hurdles would be massive of course. Getting some agreement amongst the teams would be an epic challenge in itself. Encouraging all parties to see the bigger picture – exposure and coverage the series currently cannot buy – would be exceptionally tricky.
Even though all teams will benefit from more exposure and interest in IndyCar they are in racing because they want to win. They are utterly selfish by definition. And that would probably prevent the series giving itself the biggest marketing boost since 1993.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON - The U.S. economy grew at a slightly slower-than-expected pace in the first quarter, held back by inventories and exports, but resurgent consumer spending offered evidence of a sustainable recovery, a government report showed on Friday.
Gross domestic product expanded at a 3.2 percent pace, the Commerce Department said in its first estimate -- marking three straight quarters of growth as the economy climbs out of the worst recession since the 1930s.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast GDP, which measures total goods and services output within U.S. borders, growing at a 3.4 percent rate in the first three months of 2010 after a 5.6 percent growth pace in the fourth quarter.
Despite the slowdown from the prior quarter, details of the report were fairly upbeat, with consumer spending accelerating at a 3.6 percent rate, more than double the 1.6 percent pace in the fourth quarter. The first-quarter rise was the largest since the first quarter of 2007.
Consumer spending, which normally accounts for 70 percent of U.S. economic activity, added 2.55 percentage points to GDP last quarter, the biggest percentage contribution since the fourth quarter of 2006.
Business inventories increased $31.1 billion in the first quarter as businesses restocked to meet firming domestic demand, the first increase since the first quarter of 2008. Inventories contributed 1.57 percentage points to GDP, less than half the contribution in the last three months of 2009 when businesses became less aggressive in clearing their warehouses.
When businesses slow the rate at which they are liquidating inventories, manufacturers raise production and this boosts GDP. Inventories fell $19.7 billion in the last quarter of 2009.
Excluding inventories the economy expanded at a 1.6 percent rate following a 1'.7 percent pace in the fourth quarter.
Businesses continued to spend on software and equipment, though a bit less vigorously than in the prior quarter. Business investment rose at a 4.1 percent rate after a 5.3 percent pace in the fourth quarter.
New home construction, which showed some hesitancy early this year, was a drag on growth in the first quarter -- after two quarters of gains. Residential investment contracted at a 10.9 percent rate after growing at a 3.8 percent pace in the fourth quarter.
Spending on structures subtracted from GDP for a sixth straight quarter. Export growth slowed sharply to a 5.8 percent pace in the first quarter from a 22.8 percent rate in the prior period, while imports rose at an 8.9 percent rate. That left a trade deficit that chipped off 0.61 percentage point from first-quarter GDP.
One of Astral Glider's test subject ( sort of, as they are studying about Morphlings ). So far not much information were collected.----------------------------------------Origin: Astral Glider found a pegasi in the Everfree forest, heavily wounded. Their study show that when the mutation of a Morphling happen, most of the wounds can be healed quickly, and it just happens that they collected some extra Morpher ( cosmic creatures that turn normal pony into Morphling ) several days ago. So to save their Astral must turn them from a normal pegasi Fairies Wander into a Morphling.Design base: Puck Color: Note: by "angler" i mean crane ( that thing on their head ) Voice sample: "You know what i love ? Everything !" Bio: At Ponyville, Fairies Wander is a milk delivery girl, spend most free time wandering and exploring places ( that's why you lost in the Everfree forest, girl ! ). Now they spent most free time helping Astral Glider and taking over their observatory ( actually just a room with monitors ) and use their spy drone to explore places instead ( not as good as go there yourself, but less danger. Beside, if it's worth coming, they can just come later ).Stat: Fairies Wander is a good flyer ( it was worse before, suppose the mutation enhanced their abilities ). The mutation does not cause their memory to be corrupt like Astral Glider. They can now use magic with the crane ( or whatever it should be called. It's on their head, like the Aglerfish ) but so far they only be able to open a portal ( to come to Chaosville and help Astral Glider to repay him. One does not simply - walk into Chaosville ).Personality:  They are playful ( must not let them staying alone with Astral Glider's equipments ), agile and quite rebellious ( eventhough they still listen to Astral Glider quite frequently ).Cutie Mark: An abstract footprint ( a bit similar to a wing too ).Adding extra info later on.
When I was a first-year student in college, I took a course on the American Revolution and French Revolution. One of the main themes was that nationalism hadn't existed before, roughly, the battle of Valmy in 1792 when the French citizen army overwhelmed the invading Prussian professional army. Goethe, who was there, consoled their Prussian comrades, “From this place, and from this day forth begins a new era in the history of the world, and you can all say that you were present at its birth.”
That's a good story, but it always struck me that it seems as if there were plenty of examples of nationalism before then. I would bring up the obscure tale, promoted by James Boswell, of the Republic of Corsica resisting the French invasion of 1768-1769 (whose heroic failure, ironically, made a newborn Corsican named Napoleon Bonaparte a Frenchman).
But the notion that nationalism only dates from the later 18th Century remains one of I-Went-to-College things you are supposed to know. It's associated with Ernest Gellner, although as early as 1977 it was supposed to be obvious to history majors. For example, from the Financial Times last month, here's an example of the conventional wisdom in action
Mark Mazower
In a globalised era, even a country as big as America can feel small. Mark Mazower on why politicians such as Donald Trump are in fashion
The flags are flying, the anthems ring out. We live in the time of the homeland, of Donald Trump, Marine Le Pen and the Freedom party's presidential candidate Norbert Hofer, fresh from their resounding victory in the first round of the Austrian presidential poll.
Trump has called on Americans to resist “the false song of globalism”. “In a huge number of European countries, patriotic movements are surging vigorously,” was how Le Pen greeted news of Hofer's victory last weekend.
Nationalism is back like it never went out of fashion and, with it, the head-scratching, the puzzlement. How to explain the irrational, the commentators ask. Doesn't the Brexit camp realise leaving the European Union is a crazy idea? Don't Trump's millions understand that they are promising the impossible?
There is still no better place to look for an answer than in a little polemic written more than 30 years ago. Benedict Anderson's Imagined Communities (1983) remains a classic effort to explain nationalism's durability and to come to terms with the passions it can unleash. Nationalism, Anderson argued, is not an ancient phenomenon, nor did it emerge in Europe as most commentators seemed to think. Quite distinct from the dynastic appeals of Shakespeare's Henry V — it is easy to forget that the battle-cry “God for Harry, England and Saint George” is uttered in the play by the king themselves — modern nationalism originated, in Anderson's view, around the time of the American wars of independence.
Eh … The inherent tensions between royal dynasticism and territorial nationalism are an ongoing theme in European history. King Henry V of England had personal dynastic reasons for invading France, but the English soldiers Shakespeare's hero addresses — not to mention Shakespeare's audience in the 1590s right after the repulse of the Spanish Armada of 1588 — were less motivated by dynastic technicalities than by the emotions of English nationalism.
You'll notice that the English royal family has stopped marrying foreign royals and switched to marrying attractive English girls, with a subsequent rebound in the Windsors' popularity.
… Anderson wanted to acknowledge its durability rather than to demonise it, and they ask us to think about what the changes in the modern world were that brought it into being and have kept it going over two centuries and now into a third.
Connecting its emergence to the spread of capitalism, the rise of modern bureaucracies and mass literacy, Anderson argued that its unexpected midwives were colonial civil servants with an appetite for enumerating and classifying their subjects. In their telling, the idea of the nation was then taken up by anti-colonial revolutionaries, who enshrined the idea of the new kind of community in maps, hymns, museums, and monuments. …
Anderson, who died late last year, had an intuitive sympathy for nationalism's anti-imperial origins. … Another thing their Indonesian expertise taught them was the key importance of the colonial periphery in nationalism's emergence. De-centring the usual story was one way of drawing attention to the relative historical novelty of the phenomenon, gleefully showing up the absurdity of all those European claims — themselves mostly the product of romantic 19th century historians — that their nation was rooted in some centuries-old tradition.
Anderson was struck by Europeans' deep need to believe in the antiquity of their national pasts. (Even French peasants, as another historian, Eugen Weber, reminds us, began thinking of themselves as French only rather recently.) …
The nation-state is basically no more than two centuries or so old, and in some places it is much younger than that. …
Mark Mazower is professor of history at Columbia University and author of ‘Governing the World: The History of an Idea' (Penguin). ‘A Life Beyond Boundaries: A Memoir' by Benedict Anderson (Verso £14.99/$24.95)
This seems to be mostly an argument over whether the nationalism glass in the past was partly full or, as everybody who has been to college has been instructed, partly empty.
Here's an interview with an LSE professor, Anthony D. Smith, who started out a true believer in their professor Gellner's fashionable theory that nationalism was invented barely before 1800, but over time has come to realize that the real story is a lot more complicated than the conventional wisdom holds. The historical glass going back to the ancient Egyptians, Hebrews, and Greeks is also partly full.
My view is that England, due perhaps to its partly protected geographical location, is the straw that stirred the European drink over the last millennium. English nationalism catalyzed French nationalism as a defensive reaction against English predation (notice that Henry V is giving theirs do-or-die speech about once more unto the breach speech not on English soil, but on the Continent), which set the billiard balls in motion across the rest of Europe.
Remember all the pearl-clutching over Obama going to visit their childhood home in Hawaii last year, calling it "elitist"? Or when visiting their dying grandmother in their Oahu home, Cokie Roberts complained that it made Obama appear "foreign" and "exotic" to choose to go to Hawaii, instead of say, Myrtle Beach.
Well, you silly liberals expecting consistency, that was then. This is now. And NOW, Hawaii is the perfect location for the Republican National Committee to hold their winter meeting:
Republicans delight in depicting President Obama as hopelessly out of touch with average Americans, but the decision by the Republican National Committee to hold its winter meeting at a tropical resort is turning the accusation on its head. As the president gave their first State of the Union address Wednesday against the backdrop of the nation's wheezing economy, the opposition party marked the event by convening a conference here – on an “island paradise.” “Imagine lush tropical gardens, waterfalls, exotic wildlife and priceless artwork,” boasts the website of the Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Resort & Spa. “This one-of-a-kind Honolulu Hawaii hotel resort is the only true resort property in Waikiki.” Which is to say that it's a long way from Baltimore, where the House GOP will have its retreat later this month in a pointed effort to demonstrate their sensitivity to the tough economic times. Yet at a moment when millions are out of work and millions more struggling to get by, the party's governing board will plot its comeback on the island of Oahu, sipping drinks poolside, catching rays on the beach that abuts the villa and raising questions about whether they're as politically tone-deaf as they accuse the president of being.
Oh, but it's not all sunshine and pina coladas by the pool. No, no, no. RNC Chairman Michael Steele, resplendent in their Hawaiian shirt and lei, assures us this is no vacation.
"Relax," Steele said while sporting a Hawaiian shirt and a flower lei. "We're working hard here, trust me. This is not a vacation." Steele said the the meetings will "expose Hawaii to the rest of America." They told KHON, a local TV station, that it was important for the RNC, "as a party," to be in Hawaii, the home state of President Obama.
You know, I hear a lot of people claim Obama is playing three-dimensional chess to the RNC's checkers, but in this particular case, I'm not even sure that the RNC isn't stuck playing Chutes & Ladders instead.
It was fast and furious, and if not for the surveillance cameras that captured the heist in action, two banks in Russia would never have known what occurred last year when eight of their ATMs were drained of cash—nearly a million dollars worth of rubles in a single night.
When one of the banks contacted the Russian cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab to investigate, the only evidence was CCTV recordings showing a lone culprit walking up to the ATMs and, without even touching the machines, grabbing thick stacks of bills—about $100,000 worth of cash from each machine, dispensed 40 bills at a time—as they magically spit out. It took less than 20 minutes to clean one machine dry before the money mule moved on to other ATMs in the city and replayed the scene.
The method behind the feat was a complete mystery. The bank could find no malware on its ATMs or backend network, and no sign of an intrusion either. But the attackers did inadvertently leave one clue behind—two log files that recorded everything that occurred on the machines before the money disappeared. The logs included one telling line of English text ("Take the money bitch") which turned out to be their undoing.
"Our theory is that during the uninstallation [of the malware], something went wrong with the malware and that's why the [log] files were left," says Sergey Golovanov, principal security researcher with Kaspersky in Russia, who investigated the heists.
Earlier this year, Kaspersky reported that a rash of invisible "fileless" attacks had targeted more than 140 banks and other targets in Europe, the US and elsewhere, but provided few details about the victims or the degree to which the attacks succeeded.
Fileless malware attacks use the existing legitimate tools on a machine so that no malware gets installed on the system, or they use malware that resides only in the infected machine's random-access-memory, rather than on the hard drive, so that the malware leaves no discernible footprint once it's gone.
The two Russian banks that got robbed in that single night were victims of a fileless attack, and today at Kaspersky's Security Analyst Summit on the island of St. Maartens, Golovanov revealed the story behind the attacks.
Golovanov told Motherboard in an interview before the conference that when they and their colleagues examined the two log files containing the English text, they laughed at the boldness. The heist worked in three stages, with the first two using commands that instructed the ATM to withdraw the bills stored in cassettes and place them in line to be dispensed, and the third stage using a command that opened the mouth of the ATM. It was at this point that the command, "Take the money bitch," appeared in the log file, and possibly on the ATM's screen as well to signal the money mule to grab the bills and go.
The command, "Take the money bitch," appeared in the log file, and possibly on the ATM's screen as well to signal the money mule to grab the bills and go.
The log files made it obvious that the bank had been hacked, but the researchers needed samples of the missing malware that had been on the machines to see how the robbers had pulled it off. So Golovanov and their team created a YARA rule for the line of English text they found in the logs—YARA is a tool that lets researchers sift through a lot of files and networks using a search string—and used it to search files submitted to .
VirusTotal is a website that aggregates dozens of antivirus programs in one spot. Security researchers and others can submit suspicious files to the site to see if any of the programs detect them as malicious. Golovanov's team found a match with two files that someone had uploaded from Russia and Kazakhstan.
They reverse-engineered the code and dug through the bank's network to reconstruct how the attack occurred, discovering that the hackers built extensive digital tunnels throughout the bank's network, which they used to issue PowerShell commands to the ATMs. This allowed the attackers to control the machines in real-time when the money mule was present.
No arrests have been made in the heist yet. Kaspersky thinks the culprits might be connected to one of two previously known gangs of bank hackers, known as and Carbanak.
"It could be just one person or two persons [doing this]," Golovanov says, noting that the CCTV images seemed to show the same person extracting money from all the ATMs.
Golovanov says that tracking fileless attacks is difficult but not impossible.
"To address these issues, memory forensics is becoming critical to the analysis of malware and its functions," they noted in a statement released by Kaspersky. "And as our case proves, a carefully directed incident response can help solve even the perfectly prepared cybercrime."
Subscribe to pluspluspodcast, Motherboard's new show about the people and machines that are building our future.
BioShock™ - contact@rockpapershotgun.com (Alec Meer)
BioShock: The Collection [official site] on PC is good-lookin' but, it's fair to say, A Bit Dicky, pulling off the impressively bungled trick of both recreating some of BioShock's original issues and throwing a clutch of new ones into the mix too. Take yer pick from enforced mouse-smoothing, no 5.1 sound, messed-up 21:9 support, limited FOV, no graphics settings outside of antialiasing, anistropic filtering, resolution, vysnc and a clutch of crashes. Many of these, though not the crashes, can be resolved via ini file editing (a guide to that is here), but in this, the third consecutive Year Of Luigi, we should not be expected to dirty our hands so.
The good news is that 2K are planning to grab a five-iron and bludgeon most of the major problems into submission. The bad news is that it doesn't look like we can expect a full settings menu any time soon.
… [visit site to read more]
Today marks an important milestone in the Windows 8 project. The Windows 8 team is proud to share with you that a short while ago we started releasing Windows 8 to PC OEM and manufacturing partners. This means our next milestone will be the availability of exciting new models of PCs loaded with Windows 8 and online availability of Windows 8 on October 26, 2012.
Back when we first demonstrated Windows 8 in May 2011, we described it as “reimagining Windows, from the chipset to the experience,” and that is what Windows 8 (and Windows RT) represents for both Microsoft and partners. The collective work: from the silicon, to the user experience, to new apps, has been an incredibly collaborative effort. Together we are bringing to customers a new PC experience that readies Windows PCs for a new world of scenarios and experiences, while also preserving an industry-wide 25-year investment in Windows software.
We continue to be sincerely humbled by the breadth of participation in our pre-release testing. The previews of Windows 8 (Developer, Consumer, Release) have been the most widely and deeply used test releases of any product we have ever done. Over 16 million PCs actively participated in these programs, including approximately 7 million on the Release Preview that started 8 weeks ago. The depth and breadth of testing validate the readiness of Windows 8 for the market.
The openness of the previews presents a unique perspective on product development, and we're deeply committed to the transparency of the preview process. No product used by so many people in so many different ways is developed “out in the open” like Windows 8 has been. This blog, the forums, and the preview releases form an important part of the development process. Major changes have been made at each milestone and as we promised, the final release (build 9200, for those tracking) contains many promised refinements. We are humbled by the responsibility of meeting the needs of such a diverse set of customers and enthused by the deep level of participation in the pre-release process.
While we have reached our RTM milestone, no software project is ever really “done.” We will continue to monitor and act on your real world experiences with Windows 8—we've used the preview process to test out our servicing and we have every intent of doing a great job on this next important phase of the product. Hardware partners will continue to provide new devices and improve support for existing devices. PC makers no doubt have quite a bit in store for all of us as they begin to show off PCs specifically designed for Windows 8.
With improvements in fundamentals, enhanced storage and connectivity, newly architected subsystems, the “fast and fluid” user experience, and the WinRT platform (to name a few), Windows 8 has literally thousands of new features. We did a record number of blogs posts (and videos) and did not even come close to covering the full breadth of Windows 8. There's much left to learn about and discover in the product.
Some of the most exciting innovations with Windows 8 are yet to come—the innovations from developers building apps on the new WinRT platform. Today, the Store is open for business and we'll rapidly expand to over 200 markets around the world. The opportunity for developers around the world to deliver innovative (and profitable) apps is unique with Windows 8. We're excited to see the work developers will be bringing to Windows 8. We'll also have a chance to talk more about the Windows 8 platform at the next BUILD conference recently announced.
We know there are lots of questions about how to get Windows 8 and when, and of course more questions to come about exploring and using the full set of thousands of Windows 8 features. Our Windows Team Blog today has posted a lot of new information and gathered up some important details that we hope will answer your questions. Please check our blog and stay in touch on the in-market developments of Windows 8 there.
On behalf of the Windows 8 engineering team, we want to thank you very much for your contributions throughout development and your contributions yet to come to Windows 8. THANK YOU!
Next stop, October 26, 2012 and General Availability!
--The Windows 8 team
fullscreen continue view fullscreen close
Here's another entry in time-honored tradition of trying to re-envision the NYC subway map: Brooklyn cartographer Andrew Lynch created what they believe to be a "complete and geographically accurate" look at the nearly 113-year-old transit system.
On their website, Lynch explains they made the map after "collecting every historical map I could find, using GIS data, satellite imagery (both current and historic), YouTube videos of fan trips, my own observations looking out the window of trains through tunnels, and talking to retired track workers." The bulk of the project took months to complete, but they actually started on it years ago.
In an interview, Lynch told us:
I decided to make this map because I was trying to better understand how the system really exists. I was tinkering with some ideas for my futureNYCSubway project and found that I needed a better way to show how the new lines interfaced with the existing system. I had made track diagrams before but it occurred to me that if they weren't geographically accurate then what I was proposing might not be feasible. So I started making small sections of the map but realized quickly I'd eventually need the entire system. ...I've been collecting maps and plans of the subway since before I moved here almost 12 years ago. I didn't start activity drawing this map until about 6 months ago when it became an obsession. But I used what I had collected over the years to fill in the details.
Another feature of the map is that it outlines abandoned sections. Lynch said, "Abandoned stations and tracks are fascinating to even non-railfans, and I'd never found a map which showed what was really there.
"What I hope is that this helps people understand the system better and see it differently. I'm always talking to people about why you can't run certain trains certain places and with a track map you can more clearly understand how it really works," they added. And on Reddit, they said, "It's not map for getting from A to B but for understanding the tracks in the system to see how trains can run."
Asked about their favorite user-generated subway maps, Lynch cited Max Roberts's concentric circle subway map and the Japanese design "where the entire map is in the shape of a heart... I love maps that get whimsical with the system."
Lynch, who lives in Brooklyn, is a regular G train rider. "People always complain about the G but that's probably because they used it once 10 years ago," they contend. "It's gotten much better since."
As for the granddaddy of subway maps, Massimo Vignelli's 1972 NYC Transit design, Lynch says they have an original "given to me by a friend when they were cleaning out a late relative's apartment. I'll never forget first seeing that map in my Design 101 class first-year student year of college and thinking what a mess it was. I still think it's a failure of a map, but you can't deny its impact."
Next up for Lynch is an update to their futureNYCSubway project. "I'm always looking for more realistic proposals given how expensive​ it is to build in New York," they said.
Homeopathy is one of the leading systems of medicine in the world. It originated in Germany in late 18th century and is now practiced world over. Homeopathy is included in the national health systems of a number of countries like India, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Pakistan, Switzerland, United Kingdom etc. Globally, over 200 million people use homeopathy on a regular basis.
In India alone, there are 100 million people depending solely on homeopathy treatment for their medical care. There are over 300,000 registered homeopathic doctors currently, with approximately 12,000 more being added every year. 29% of the European Union's population, use homeopathic medicines in their day-to-day healthcare. 10% of people in the UK use homeopathy – an estimated 6 million people. According to the National Institutes of Health, over 6 million people in the United States use homeopathy.
Homeopathy treatment is safe and effective. The homeopathic remedies are prepared from natural sources and are ultra-diluted. They are easy to administer too. Homeopathic treatment is also being applied to pets and plants!
Find – Homeopathy Doctor | Homeopathy School | Homeopathy Store | Homeopathy Books | Homeopathy Research | List of Diseases
A recent research paper by Heather L. LaMarre, Kristen D. Landreville, and Michael A. Bream of the Ohio State University finds that political ideology has a significant impact on how viewers perceive the content of The Colbert Report. In 'The Irony of Satire: Political Ideology and the Motivation to See What You Want to See in the Colbert Report' , published in The International Journal of Press/Politics, the authors are able to demonstrate in their survey sample that self-identified political conservatives are more likely to believe that:
Colbert uses humour but truly means what they say about liberals
Colbert really is a conservative
Colbert is a Republican
Colbert really dislikes liberals and only pretends to be joking
At the same time, they found that both self-identified liberals and conservatives 'find Colbert equally funny suggesting that both sides see the humor yet differ in their perceptions of what or who is being parodied and/or satirized in the late-night comedy show' (LaMarre et al, 2009: 225).
For me, what these findings suggest--in part--is that the politicized content of popular culture is often interpreted in ways that challenge the probable intentions of cultural producers. Thus, it's not just getting your message across that is important; you also may need to be managing how that message is received. At the same time, as The Colbert Report demonstrates, great commercial success can be garnered by adopting modes of presentation--like deadpan satire--that allow several sub-audiences to believe that they are in on the real joke.
Then again, it could just be that conservatives--in the, uhmm sample--lack the cognitive capacities to process complex messages...
Much like the development of the railway in the 19th century, the National Broadband Network (NBN) will transform our society.
When I grew up in Canada there was a famous painting on the wall of nearly every primary school classroom. It was called "The Last Spike" and it depicted the final railway track connection being hammered in to create a true east-west transport corridor. In a real sense, it was the making of Canada; a nation-building project.
The same can be said of the National Broadband Network (NBN) today. Once completed, it will connect all Australians as never before - in communications, healthcare, news, media, science, invention and, particularly, in education. And it will do so at all levels.
In fact, its importance for the future of primary and secondary education is only just beginning to be appreciated. Remember the ethos of that famous Australian invention, the outback School of the Air. For students in regional Australia, it meant connection and access to educational opportunities unbound by geography.
What pedal-powered short-wave radio was to remote stations of the 1950s - a direct link to the world of learning - the NBN will be to the children of the next decade. But the difference is profound. It will be multipoint and immersive, "many ways" instead of two-way. It will make a baseline of high-quality learning available to every individual, every class - while teachers will be able to collaborate with each other across state and territory boundaries as never before.
They will be able to work across states to assess new forms of curriculum and to give them "local engagement". They will be able to develop their own pedagogical skills through peer-to-peer communities. And when students from Alligator River want to enter a science fair with young people in Deloraine, they will be able to share a "digital project" enabling Year 8 students from the Northern Territory and Tasmania to work together in a whole new way.
Imagine the open-access impulse of EdX or Coursera, blend it (literally) with the National Curriculum project in Australia and then one has an inkling of what is possible. But between "possible" and "actual" lies the challenge.
Some call it access, others the "digital gap". But it is not a simple matter of urban versus rural opportunities or outback versus city access; this misreads the situation.
In fact, there is already a huge "digital divide" in this country. It starts right outside our university campus gates - not hundreds of kilometres from them. Serious inequities already exist. The NBN will address them head-on - and it will solve them.
Every day, citizens travel past tertiary campuses without realising just how fortunate those inside are: university staff and students have access to superbroadband unlike anything most Australians have ever seen or experienced. For most people, AARNET3 (Australia's Academic and Research Network) is a mysterious acronym; for us, it is an essential engine for our education and research. It is so customary that its enormous benefits are almost taken for granted.
But it is well worth remembering what these benefits are. For example, at Monash we have special, purpose-designed secondary schools on three of our six Victorian campuses. Those schools are public-purpose, taxpayer-funded institutions.
At the John Monash Science School on our Clayton campus, all of its 600 students have a student card just like our undergraduates. They have access to our library, to the Web of Science, to Elsevier, to Humanities Online. They can share their homework assignments through Google Docs; they can collaborate via videochat. They can connect with more than 100 television news channels from around the world - including Al Jazeera in both Arabic and English; BBC World and CNN - at no cost. They can download at 100 megabits per second - the gold standard for academic work.
The learning opportunities are superb. Consequently (and by design) innovative curriculum invention happens all the time - with school and university staff working together to mint new forms of pedagogy.
But a school located just down the road - even one with students who are equally motivated and talented - has very few of these privileges. This has to change.
The genius of the NBN is that it will break down that divide all across Australia. Instead of a digital "rain shadow" the whole nation will have equitable access. Instead of the frustration of strangled speeds, poor image clarity and slow (or no) service, an NBN society will be fundamentally more fair and productive.
But this will not happen without careful planning, and without a major series of moves to prioritise access to educational projects during the NBN rollout. The way forward is for universities to partner with secondary schools, with TAFE institutions and with the private sector to model the new face of learning.
Ultimately, then, the NBN is all about people; not about technology. It is about being able to train, inspire and educate students of whatever age to work together as never before. And it is about devising solutions to real challenges in an interdisciplinary way.
The role of public and educational libraries will be a crucial too. If the word "portal" means anything, it means democratic access to that wider digital world; libraries are placed centre-stage in that process.
Meanwhile, every university and TAFE in the nation should be considering the establishment of digitally-enabled secondary schools on their campuses.
The NBN project is one which is beyond politics and it deserves bipartisan support in every state and territory. The "last spike" moment is now.
Adam Shoemaker is a Professor and Deputy Vice-Chancellor at Monash University. This article courtesy of The Conversation.
They starred opposite Patrick Dempsey in the teen romantic drama.
Actress Amanda Peterson, best known for the 1987 romantic comedy Can't Buy Me Love, has died. They were 43.
Them father told TMZ the actor was found in their Greeley, Colo., home on Sunday. They said an official cause of death is unknown, but that "she had some illness and a sleep apnea problem that may have contributed."
Peterson starred opposite Patrick Dempsey in Can't Buy Me Love, in which they played cheerleader Cindy Mancini. They also starred opposite Ethan Hawke in the family sci-fi adventure film Explorers (1986). Other credits include an episode of Doogie Howser, M.D., and 22 episodes of the NBC drama A Year in the Life (1987-88), in which they played Sunny Sisk.
Them last credit was the 1994 fantasy/family film Windrunner. They had retired from the entertainment industry and had been living in Colorado for years at the time of their death. They did pose for some photos (below) in 2012, which are some of the only recent publicly available photos of the actor.
Photos courtesy of Ryan Hartsock of KR Productions/Twisted Pixels Photography
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday directed the Income Tax department to not take any coercive action against NDTV after the department demanded Rs 429 crore from the news channel for the 2009-'10 assessment year, PTI reported.
The High Court also criticised the I-T Department for taking an “overenthusiastic step” and asking the media house to make an immediate payment. “How can you pass a penalty order when no time has been given for the payment of the amount, which was determined on July 26?” the High Court bench said.
Justices S Muralidhar and Pratibha Singh said the the case prima facie seemed to be in favour of NDTV.
In July, the I-T department had issued a show-cause notice against the TV channel asking them to pay Rs 429 crore immediately. Advocate Harish Salve, appearing for NDTV, said the July 26 order was issued without the correct jurisdiction.
The bench said the I-T department's demand that the amount be deposited immediately was “on the face of it illegal”. The department's counsel Sanjay Jain asked the High Court to direct NDTV for a partial deposit of the amount. The bench, however, denied it.
The complaint against NDTV was filed by Sanjay Dutt, director of Quantum Services Private Limited. NDTV founder Radhika Roy and the channel's Executive Chairperson Prannoy Roy have been accused of “laundering funds” of Rs 403.85 crore to create interest in favour of a shell company. They have been accused of “committing fraud” and “causing wilful loss of over Rs 48 crores to ICICI Bank and the shareholders of NDTV. The bank is also accused of providing a discount on the interest payable on the loan.
Four Israelis, including two former Mossad agents, are being investigated in Romania for spying on the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor, according to a Romanian investigative journalism team.
Two of those being probed are former Mossad agents Dan Zorella and Avi Yanus, co-founders and directors of private Israeli investigation firm Black Cube, the report by the Rise Project investigators says. However, the company denies they are under investigation.
The other two, Black Cube employees Ron Weiner and David Geclowicz, have been arrested by Romanian police on suspicion of carrying out a series of cyber-attacks on Romania's chief anti-corruption prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Email accounts of Kosevi and their associates were also reportedly hacked, according to the report as cited by Romanian news site Romania Insider.
Black Cube confirmed the two had been arrested, in a statement to The Times of Israel.
Black Cube denies wrongdoing by its employees and says the reports that company co-CEOs Zorella and Yanus are being investigated are false.
In a statement released in response to the reports, the company says its employees were themselves investigating claims of corruption by the Romanian government.
​”Recently, the company undertook a project in Romania to collect evidence of serious corruption in the Romanian government and its agencies. Whilst performing this work, two of the company's employees were arrested after having made significant discoveries,” the statement read.
“Needless to say, all of Black Cube's employees follow local law to the letter, and the allegations against them are unfounded and untrue. We have total confidence that the truth will be revealed, and they will both be released safely to return home in the coming days.”
Former Mossad director Meir Dagan was honorary president of Black Cube until their death last month.
Black Cube utilizes experts “highly experienced and trained in Israel's elite military and governmental intelligence units,” according to the company website.
Romanian prosecutors are looking into who hired Black Cube to carry out the attack on Kosevi, the chief prosecutor of the Directorate for Combating Organized Crime and Terrorism is quoted as saying.
In December 2011 it was reported that three Israelis had been implicated in a 136 million euro corruption investigation in Romania against business person Remus Truica, the former chief of staff of Prime Minister Adrian Nastase.
Romanian prosecutors accused the Israeli billionaire Beny Steinmetz and several other Israelis of conducting illicit real estate deals that cost the state nearly $150 million.
Judicial sources in Bucharest said they believed Steinmetz, a mining magnate, and Shimon Sheves, the former chief of staff of the late Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin, as well as the Israeli political consultant Tal Ziberstein, conspired with Truica to illicitly bring about the transfer of state-held lands to another Romanian citizen, the Romania Libera daily reported in December.
Spokespersons for all three Israelis denied their involvement in illegal actions attributed to Truica, a media tycoon who was arrested in December and incarcerated by the Brasov Court of Appeals pending further investigation.
Sheves, Zilberstein and Steinmetz belonged to “a criminal group that aimed to acquire the whole property claimed by Prince Paul as proceeds of crime of corruption acquired by providing money or goods to officials/institutions holding these properties to influence their decisions by inciting, aiding and abetting to commit abuse of office by these persons,” Romania Libera quoted from a document written by the prosecutors, in which they reportedly sought the issuing of an arrest warrant against the three Israelis.
Update May 24, 2016: In late May, Israeli media, quoting news reports in Romania, reported that Sheves was not to be indicted and that the case against them would be closed.
Times of Israel staff and AP contributed to this report.
In a real clash of fire and ice, a massive wildfire in southern Greenland has captured the world's attention.
At the end of July, a couple of NASA satellites detected hot spots in Greenland that indicated fire, said Mark Ruminski, a team leader for a hazard mapping system of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. But fires are unexpected in Greenland, so they and their team thought it might be an error in the data.
Then a civilian pilot snapped pictures of a wildfire near Sisimiut, the second-largest city in Greenland. When clouds cleared a few days later, NASA's Landsat 8 satellite and the European Space Agency's Sentinel-2 satellites captured photos of the largest of the fires from high above.
Although ice covers nearly all of Greenland, fires do occasionally break out on the ice sheet's margins. Although ice covers nearly all of Greenland, fires do occasionally break out on the ice sheet's margins. Hearing of the new sightings, Stef Lhermitte, a geoscientist who specializes in remote sensing at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, reviewed the past 17 years of data from NASA's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) satellite and threw together a quick analysis on Twitter to help give context to the situation.
I quickly made an overview of the MODIS active fires since 2000 over Greenland ifo confidence level. Many low confidence fires in the past pic.twitter.com/iEwJfDCz8W — Stef Lhermitte (@StefLhermitte) August 7, 2017
MODIS data on Greenland fires stretching back to 2000 show spikes in 2015 and 2017:
To wrap up: wildfires have occurred in the past over Greenland but 2017 is exceptional in number of active fire detections by MODIS pic.twitter.com/2HGaVieTEe — Stef Lhermitte (@StefLhermitte) August 7, 2017
Mark Parrington, an atmospheric chemist who works with the European Union's Copernicus Earth observation program, also tweeted an analysis of carbon dioxide emissions that indicates spikes of fire activity in 2015, 2016, and 2017.
No Fuel, No Fire
Although the current fire's cause remains a mystery, peat from thawed permafrost could be its fuel, said Jessica McCarty, a geographer at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, who specializes in geospatial analysis of wildfires.
Permafrost, or permanently frozen soil, lies under multiple meters of an “active” soil layer that thaws seasonally. But in certain areas, when ice within the thawing permafrost layer melts, it can expose peat, a material that forms after decomposing plants get smashed down for centuries.
The peat is made up of organic matter, most notably carbon, McCarty said. Given how readily it burns, they added, it's almost like one giant charcoal briquette.
McCarty suspects the fire's fuel is peat for several reasons. First, the fire isn't moving, like it would in a forest (not that there are any trees to speak of in this region of Greenland, they noted). In addition, the fire's smoke is white, indicating damp fuel, like freshly thawed permafrost.
The fire's smoke is white, indicating damp fuel, like freshly thawed permafrost. If the fire is being fueled by thawed permafrost, there may be underlying climate change implications, McCarty continued. “The climate change [connection] is that there would be no fires here in Greenland if there were no fuel, and the only way that there's fuel is if the permafrost is [thawed].”
“Personally, this is very disturbing to me,” McCarty said, because the fire indicates significant permafrost degradation “sooner than [scientists] thought it would happen.” Researchers project significant permafrost loss in Greenland by the end of the century. Not 2017, they said.
Permafrost Thaw
In 2011, scientists at the University of Alaska Fairbanks modeled the fate of Greenland's permafrost under a changing climate. Researchers study permafrost because of its potential to thaw and subsequently release carbon—in the form of methane and carbon dioxide—into the atmosphere. Permafrost makes up about 80% of Greenland's land that's not perpetually buried under ice.
The researchers wanted to know how much climate change would contribute to permafrost degradation, which is the decrease in the thickness of the permanently frozen soil. Their models revealed that by the end of the century, parts of Greenland could warm 1.99°C and that the active top layer of soil could extend downward an additional 44 centimeters, meaning that there would be less ice locking in carbon.
“Most of the terrestrial [ice-free] portion of Greenland is at risk of permafrost degradation,” wrote Vladimir Romanovsky, a permafrost researcher at the University of Alaska Fairbanks and a coauthor on the research. Especially in southern Greenland, where the fire currently burns, permafrost degradation has already begun, Romanovsky told Eos.
Natural Versus Unnatural
Southern Greenland is already warmer than the northern region naturally, Romanovsky said, so its permafrost is more vulnerable to begin with. Because the Little Ice Age ended in the past 150–200 years, some warming, and thus degradation, is natural. “Fire itself will add to the problem and accelerate [thawing] of permafrost.”
Other factors contributing to permafrost degradation include glacial meltwater and human activities like constructing roads and buildings. Rising temperatures from the past 20–30 years of anthropogenic climate change have probably contributed as well. And when the ice in the ancient soils melts, it can expose peat to drier conditions—a perfect recipe for fire, Romanovsky said.
Then, in a feedback loop, “fire itself will add to the problem and accelerate [thawing] of permafrost,” they continued, which will cause more ice in the permafrost to melt and drain away and lead to further drying.
Fire Meets Ice
The fire poses another threat, McCarty said. It could release black carbon, which might fall onto the nearby ice sheet and accelerate its melting. Burning of biomass like peat, among other things, releases black carbon, which is much darker than ice. Black carbon deposited onto ice sheets lowers the ice's ability to reflect sunlight and boosts its heat absorption, McCarty said, potentially speeding up melting.
As of Tuesday, the wind was blowing smoke from the fire over the ice sheet, McCarty said. They have already started analyzing how much black carbon it might deposit.
Unfortunately, there's no telling when the fire may end, McCarty said. The longer it burns, the more it exacerbates the black carbon problem. With little to no rain in the forecast, Greenland's options are limited, they continued. Officials could either attempt to transfer water into extremely remote areas to quench the flames or wait until the year's first snow, which will most likely fall next month.
—JoAnna Wendel (@JoAnnaScience), Staff Writer
UPDATE: Now that we've MET our goal (Woohoo!) we wanted to tell you our AWESOME plan if we exceed funding...
$3000 above our goal will make it so we can IMMEDIATELY apply for a curb space permit near 52nd & University where we LOVE to be and where we know we've got a lot of fans!
BEYOND $6000 above our goal and we'll also be able to begin a wholesale program in July/August - selling our sammies at small local businesses - making it easier for you to enjoy our treats!
IF we go $8,0000 beyond our goal, we'll throw a private ICE CREAM SAMMIE party for all of YOU!!!
Some pics from our fans from FREE ICE CREAM SAMMIE DAY! (6/14/14)
Please watch our video above, check out our AMAZING incentives (Did you hear? We'll help you propose…with ice cream!) and if you want to support this exciting venture, please click on the green “Back this Project” button to your right.
Our Story
Hi! We're Seattle's Cookie Counter! This is a team effort by us, Chelsea & Chris. This idea has been brewing in our minds for over three years after asking numerous times…“Why isn't there a vegan ice cream truck in Seattle?” We've tried plenty of vegan ice cream and while we've found a few that we enjoy, we've never been CRAZY about any of them and EVERYONE deserves to get a little crazy about ice cream.
Chelsea's background ranges from a personal vegan chef & baker, to small scale catering, to waitering & barista-ing, and they also have experience working with business accounting. They have always been an advocate for their community, volunteering with foster kids and elementary & middle school youth. When The Cookie Counter is up and running they definitely plan to be involved in community events!
Chris is truly a people person and loves providing outstanding customer service. Chelsea thinks their line was always the longest at the grocery store, where they worked for over ten years, because they made everyone smile! They have been an advocate for Animal Rights for many years and a taste tester for Chelsea's creations for over five.  They are a fantastic father to their twelve year old son, Mally.  They are excited to show Mally that with a dream, a lot of hard work, and the support of your community, you can create something really special!
Our Vision
Whether you're dairy free for ethical reasons, food sensitivities, or you're not at all and you just love ice cream, we promise that you will enjoy our treats! Unlike other trucks offering vegan ice cream, we will have more than one or two options, we are committed to creating a variety of unique flavors (and old standbys) made thoughtfully and with love.
Our Goods
This is just a small assortment of our 18 ice cream flavors!
Chelsea has had plenty of experience perfecting recipes and they are not one to quit until they get an amazing result! All of our treats are 100% vegan and made from scratch. We think the creaminess and flavor notes in our ice cream will amaze you!
We've selected unique flavor combinations such as: Earl Grey with Lemon Zest, Orange Cardamom with Coconut Chocolate Chunk, Gluten Free White Chocolate with Mint, Green Tea with Raspberry, Gluten Free Coconut Lime with Mango as well as plenty of surprises...we can't share them ALL with you! And we've done INTENSIVE research with the 4-12 year old population to make sure we have plenty of kid friendly flavors!
**Please check our "FAQ" below for more info. about ingredients and where you'll be able to find us!
Our truck will…
Sell our own, 100% made by us, ice cream sandwiches, prepackaged in our kitchen space. Having our treats prepackaged will allow us to be stationary as well as have a permit to drive around Seattle neighborhoods as a traditional ice cream truck (yes, including your favorite ice cream tunes!)
Be a fun, unique, and charming addition to the street food scene in Seattle – it's a Sky Blue 1974 VW bus that will be converted with a counter top for ordering!
Be available for special event catering: weddings, parties, you name it!
After summer, we will continue with the truck the rest of the year, selling ice cream on a smaller scale, but adding delicious vegan baked goods as well as drip coffee.
What we have
1974 Volkswagen Bus
Business License & Retail Food Permit
A lease at a kitchen space
Our own perfected ice cream and cookie recipes
A whole lot of taste testers that thought we were fooling them when we told them our ice cream sandwiches were vegan!
What we need
A larger ice cream maker ($1300)
A cold plate freezer ($2500-$3000)
An ice cream truck sound system ($500)
Repairs on our van ($2000-$3000)
Specialized mobile food seller's permit ($1000)
Materials for counter & payment for labor ($2500)
A logo design & vinyl decals for van ($2000)
Biodegradable packing, stickers, labels, and heat sealer ($1500)
Electronic CC payment terminal & service to get us started ($500)
Ingredients to get us started ($800)
1 month of gas & various stationary location permits/fees ($1500)
Various containers & tools for kitchen use ($800)
1 month kitchen space rental ($500)
Beyond/Stretch Goal
If our funding goes $3,000 ABOVE our goal, we'll be able to definitely purchase a curb space permit so that we can vend 2 times/week in the U-DIST where we've got a lot of fans!
If our funding goes beyond that, some things we'll be able to do are: quickly reserve space at a couple of major Seattle festivals this summer, begin working on a wholesale program to sell at local co-ops - so you can always find our tasty treats!
While we're at it...
We thought we should note that we are aware that we can't technically call our product “ice cream” as the FDA requires a certain amount of milk fat for a product to be considered ice cream. Our packaging will denote “non-dairy frozen dessert,” and the decals on our truck will specifically say “vegan ice cream.” As for the AWESOME vintage “Ice Cream” sign we will be affixing to the roof of the truck. Well, that's our truck's name…Ice Cream the Truck! We hope you like him!
Logo for Tote and Stickers!
Increased growth of plants fertilised by higher CO2 levels is only partly offsetting emissions and will not halt dangerous warming, scientists conclude
A global “greening” of the planet has significantly slowed the rise of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere since the start of the century, according to new research.
More plants have been growing due to higher CO2 levels in the air and warming temperatures that cut the CO2 emitted by plants via respiration. The effects led the proportion of annual carbon emissions remaining in the air to fall from about 50% to 40% in the last decade.
However, this greening is only offsetting a small amount of the billions of tonnes of CO2 emitted from fossil fuel burning and other human activities and will not halt dangerous global warming. “Unfortunately, this increase is nowhere near enough to stop climate change,” said Dr Trevor Keenan, at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in the US, who led the new work.
The absolute level of CO2 in the atmosphere is continuing to rise, breaking the milestone of 400 parts per million (ppm) in 2015, and rising temperatures continue to surpass records.
The World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) warned on Tuesday that 2011-15 was the hottest five-year period ever recorded and that climate change had increased the risk of half of extreme weather events, with some heatwaves made 10 times more likely by global warming.
The new study on global greening is published in Nature Communications by an international team of scientists who concluded cutting carbon emissions remains vital to preventing severe climate change.
“Enhanced carbon uptake by the biosphere to date has slowed the growth rate of atmospheric CO2 and our results [suggest] uptake has been especially strong recently,” they wrote. “Without effective reduction of global CO2 emissions, however, future climate change remains a stark reality.”
Prof Corinne Le Quéré, director of the Tyndall Centre at the University of East Anglia, who was not part of the new research, said: “Natural vegetation is a fantastic help in slowing down climate change by absorbing about a quarter of our carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels.
“Fundamentally though, this help is not enough to stop the planet warming – far from it – carbon emissions have to drop to almost zero to stop global warming.”
The scientists used extensive land, air and satellite data to assess how carbon uptake by plants has changed over recent decades and used modelling to help untangle the different factors underlying the changes. It has been unclear whether the fertilisation effect of higher CO2 levels for plants is outweighed by the harm caused to them by warming and droughts.
The researchers found that between 1960 and 2000 the rise of CO2 in the atmosphere was increasing every year, but that after 2000 the rate slowed to about the same increase every year. They found that the main factor was the higher CO2 levels, which were just 290ppm at the start of the last century, compared to 400ppm today.
Another factor was the slower rate of global temperature increase after 2000, the so-called “pause” during which more of the heat trapped by greenhouse gases went into the oceans than the air. This meant the increasing respiration of plants driven by rising heat was curbed, trapping more carbon.
Prof Chris Rapley, at University College London, said: “The researchers make it clear that this effect is almost certainly temporary. The ‘greening' effect of CO2 will ultimately be overwhelmed by the plants' own respiration and decay, which will cause even more CO2 to be released.”
The research also shows the importance of preserving forests and other ecosystems that absorb carbon, said Prof Dave Reay, at the University of Edinburgh: “The land and oceans have been bailing us out of dangerous climate change for decades. Unless key carbon sinks such as forests are better protected, the delicate green veil that has saved our worst climate blushes will be in tatters.”
The WMO submitted its new report to the UN climate change summit taking place in Morocco. “We just had the hottest five-year period on record, with 2015 claiming the title of the hottest individual year. Even that record is likely to be beaten in 2016,” said WMO secretary-general, Petteri Taalas.
“The effects of climate change have been consistently visible on the global scale since the 1980s: rising global temperature, both over land and in the ocean; sea-level rise; and the widespread melting of ice,” they said. “It has increased the risks of extreme events such as heatwaves, drought, record rainfall and damaging floods.”
SSRIs may affect the concentration of essential neurotransmitter substances in the brain and are therefore considered exerting effects on depressive symptoms. However, whether these effects are beneficial and clinically meaningful are the questions. Estimating a meaningful threshold for clinical significance is difficult and an assessment of clinical significance should ideally not only include a threshold on an assessment scale [182]. Major depressive disorder affects daily functioning, increases the risk of suicidal behaviour, and decreases quality of life [183]. Some adverse events might therefore be acceptable if SSRIs have clinically significant beneficial effects [13, 183, 184]. We therefore both predefined a threshold for clinical significance and assessed the balance between beneficial and harmful effects [13, 17, 184].
As threshold for clinical significance [14], we chose a drug-placebo difference of 3 points on the 17-item HDRS (ranging from 0 to 52 points) or an effect size of 0.50 standardised mean difference. This has been recommended by the National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE) in England and has been chosen in other reviews [4, 8, 31]. Nevertheless, these recommendations are not universally accepted and have been questioned [3]. Others have suggested the following ‘rules of thumb' regarding the standardised mean difference: 0.2 a small effect, 0.5 a moderate effect, and 0.8 a large effect [16, 185]. One study has shown that a SSRI-placebo mean difference of up to three points on the HDRS corresponds to ‘no clinical change' [186]. Another valid study has shown that a SSRI-placebo difference of 3 points is undetectable by clinicians, and that a mean difference of 7 HDRS points, or a standardized mean effect size of 0.875, is required to correspond to a rating of ‘minimal improvement' [187]. It has been speculated that the ‘placebo' response in antidepressant trials has been increasing during recent years [188]. If there is a ‘response' to placebo this has of course to be considered when interpreting a mean difference between drug and placebo. However, it is unlikely that depressed patient have a significant placebo effect [189] and it has recently been shown that the placebo response has been stable for 25 years [188]. Even based on our predefined minimal thresholds for clinical significance, the effects of SSRIs did not have a clinically meaningful effect on depressive symptoms. Furthermore, per our meta-analyses SSRIs significantly increase the risk of both serious and non-serious adverse events.
The best-worst and worst-best case scenarios showed that incomplete outcome data bias alone theoretically could have caused the apparent statistically significant beneficial effect of SSRIs. Furthermore, seen in the light of the total number of trials, only a relatively limited number of trials reported on each of our pre-defined outcomes. This increases the risk of selective outcome reporting bias. Apart from the high risk of incomplete outcome data bias and selective outcome reporting bias, all the included trials were assessed at high risk of bias. All trials used placebo as control intervention and due to the large number of adverse events, some patients might have figured out if they received an ‘active' intervention or not, which might question the blinding of the trials. Nevertheless, it may be argued that our bias risk assessment often will lead to no trials with low risk of bias. However, similar bias risk assessments have been used in several previous systematic review (see, e.g., most Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group systematic reviews) and our bias risk assessment is based on valid evidence clearly showing that if each of the used bias risk domains is ‘high risk of bias' or ‘unclear risk of bias' then there is a risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms [184, 190–197]. Furthermore, the risks of bias observed here just mirrors our experience in 786 randomised trials on depression [198].
We chose ‘remission' as a primary outcome because we expected trialists to use this outcome frequently. To present a complete overview of the evidence on SSRIs for depression we also included ‘no response' (less than 50% reduction on HDRS or MADRS during the intervention period) in a post hoc analysis because this outcome was frequently used in the included trials and by requests from peer reviewers. However, our results on no remission and no response should be interpreted with great caution for a number of reasons: 1) the assessments of remission and response were primarily based on single HDRS scores and it is questionable whether single HDRS scores are indications of full remission or adequate response to the intervention; 2) information is lost when continuous data are transformed to dichotomous data and the analysis results can be greatly influenced by the distribution of data and the choice of an arbitrary cut-point [16, 199–201]; 3) even though a larger proportion of participants cross the arbitrary cut-point in the SSRI group compared with the control group (often HDRS below 8 for remission and 50% HDRS reduction for response), the effect measured on HDRS might still be limited to a few HDRS points (e.g., 3 HDRS points) or less; 4) by only focusing on how many patients cross a certain line for benefit, investigators ignore how many patients are deteriorating at the same time. If results, e.g., show relatively large beneficial effects of SSRIs when remission and response are assessed but very small averaged effects (as our results show) – then it must be because similar proportions of the participants are harmed (increase on the HDRS compared to placebo) by SSRIs. Otherwise the averaged effect would not show small or no difference in effect. The clinical significance of our results on ‘no remission' and ‘no response' should therefore be questioned. The methodological limitations of using ‘response' as an outcome has been investigated in a valid study by Kirsch et al. who conclude that: “response rates based on continuous data do not add information, and they can create an illusion of clinical effectiveness” [202]. In retrospect, due to these methodological limitations we should not have assessed ‘no remission' or ‘no response' as outcomes. This is a clear limitation of our review [16, 199–201].
Our tests for subgroup difference comparing trials with a baseline HDRS score below and above 23 points and meta-regression showed that the effects of SSRIs seem to increase with increased baseline HDRS score. Others have also shown that trials randomising participants with a higher baseline HDRS mean average seem to show larger effects of antidepressants [7, 8]. However, it is difficult to interpret why trials with higher average baseline HDRS score seem to have a larger effect of SSRIs. This might just be due to random error. No matter, it cannot be concluded based on these results that SSRIs work better on more severely depressed patients. To make such a conclusion individual patient data would be necessary, i.e., it would be necessary to show that it is actually the patients with higher baseline HDRS scores who have the larger effects. Gibbons et al. used longitudinal person-level data from a large set of published and unpublished studies and showed baseline severity was not significantly related to degree of SSRI treatment advantage over placebo [3]. It must be noted that the intervention effects in the group with HDRS scores above 23 points were still below our threshold for clinical significance, supporting Gibbons and co-workers' results.
Leucht et al. have suggested that effects sizes of SSRIs in randomised clinical trials have declined over time [203]. Post-hoc meta-regression of the HDRS results confirmed their results (effect sizes going down from around 0.8 in the early 1980s to 0.25 in 2012). The reasons for the decreasing effect is not entirely understood but might be due to better methodology nowadays or recruitment of different types of participants [203]. Leucht et al. also suggested that a lack of difference between antidepressants and placebo is caused by an increasing ‘placebo' effect (spontaneous recovery) [203]. This seems less important from a patient perspective, i.e., whether a certain drug should be used should be based on the benefits and harms of this drug compared with placebo. Furthermore, the increasing placebo effect has recently been severely questioned [188].
Our present systematic review has several strengths. Our protocol was registered prior to the systematic literature search in all relevant databases, data extraction, and data analyses [14]. Data were double-extracted by independent authors minimising the risk of inaccurate data extraction, and we assessed the risk of bias in all trials according to Cochrane [16]. We used Trial Sequential Analysis to control the risks of random errors [25, 29, 204], and the analyses of the primary outcomes showed that the accrued information sizes were sufficient. Both visual assessments of forest plots and statistical test showed limited signs of statistical heterogeneity, e.g., I2 was 0% when assessing risk of serious adverse events. Hence, these findings increase the validity of our review results and indicate that the effects shown are consistent across the different trials. Multiple previous reviews and meta-analyses have, as mentioned in our Background, assessed the effects of SSRIs and have generally concluded that SSRIs have significant effects on depressive symptoms [3–8]. However, the estimated results (and not the conclusions the review authors made) of these reviews and meta-analyses actually are in agreement with our present results and show that SSRIs do not seem to benefit patients more than a few HDRS points. This increases the validity of our present results. Furthermore, we assessed in detail the risks of serious adverse events and of non-serious adverse events and found that both were significantly increased by SSRIs.
Our systematic review has several limitations. Our HDRS mean differences were averaged effects. Hence, it cannot be concluded that SSRIs do not have clinically significant effects on all depressed participant. E.g., certain severely depressed patients compared with lightly depressed patients (e.g., so-called professional patients or symptomatic volunteers [203]) might benefit from SSRIs even though there is no evidence backing this hypothesis. However, any clinical research result will have this 'limitation'. Specific patients might benefit from any given intervention even though valid research results have shown that this intervention 'on average' is ineffective or even harmful. All trials were at high risk of bias per several bias risk domains and especially the risk of incomplete outcome data, selective outcome reporting, and insufficient blinding bias may bias our review results. Our GRADE assessments show that due to the high risks of bias the quality of the evidence must be regarded as very low. The high risks of bias question the validity of our meta-analysis results as high risk of bias trials tend to overestimate benefits and underestimate harms [194, 205]. The ‘true' effect of SSRIs might not even be statistically significant.
We chose to include all SSRIs in our primary analysis. We did this to increase the statistical power and precision and to be able to compare the effects of the different SSRIs in subgroup analysis. Comparing the different SSRIs in test for subgroup differences did not show significant differences, indicating the effects (or lack of effects) of the different SSRIs are similar. Nevertheless, we cannot rule out that certain SSRIs may have beneficial or harmful effects that we have not identified in this review due to lack of relevant data. We identified very limited data on the effects of SSRIs on long-term outcomes, suicidal behaviour, and quality of life, so the effects of SSRIs on these outcomes are unclear. E.g., we only identified six trials assessing quality of life which substantially increase the risk of selective outcome reporting bias and thereby limit the validity of the meta-analysis result. Furthermore, the trialists did not use the same questionnaire. Quality of life is without question an outcome with great relevance to the patient and we urge future trialists to assess quality of life. However, any given quality of life questionnaire must be validated (shown to be correlated to, e.g., suicidal behaviour or other clinical events) before valid conclusions may be drawn based on this outcome. It must be shown that scores on a given questionnaire do reflect the actual ‘quality of life'. Valid consensus on choosing the optimal quality of life assessment method does not exist and this is a limitation of assessing quality of life in depressed patients. Our eight-step procedure used to assess if the thresholds for statistical and clinical significance are crossed, is based on generally accepted and validated methodology but the use of the eight-step procedure has not yet been validated in simulation studies or empirical studies [12, 13]. Even though the eight-step procedure has been used in several systematic reviews it is not universally accepted. This may be a limitation of our methodology.
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) concluded”……… that, as no public health concerns have been identified, no regulatory action is necessary on the basis of Kirsch et al.'s findings” when the latter team questioned the benefits of antidepressants [182]. Per our results, we now believe that there is valid evidence for a public concern regarding the effects of SSRIs. We agree with Andrews et al. that that antidepressants seem to do more harm than good [206]. We have clearly shown that SSRIs significantly increase the risks of both serious and several non-serious adverse events. The observed harmful effects seem to outweigh the potential small beneficial clinical effects of SSRIs, if they exist. Our results confirm the findings from other studies questioning the effects of SSRIs [8, 207], but are in contrast to the results of other reviews concluding that SSRIs are effective interventions for depression [3, 6, 10, 208]. However, our present analyses represent the most comprehensive systematic review on the topic and we hope it may guide clinical practice.
Video Game League Announces Random Drug Tests For Competitors
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martin Meissner/AP Martin Meissner/AP
If you thought that professional video game competitions would be the one sport immune to a doping scandal, you'd be wrong.
While it's not exactly the hill stage of the Tour de France, video games require alertness and stamina. And when top-level Counter-Strike: Global Offensive player Cory "Semphis" Friesen acknowledged in a recent interview that they and their team "were all on Adderall," a stimulant normally used to treat ADHD, during a recent tournament, the (gaming) authorities took notice.
The Electronic Sports League, which sponsored that $250,000 tournament, has issued a new rule, first announced Wednesday on reddit:
"To play a match, be it online or offline, under the influence of any drugs, alcohol, or other performance enhancers is strictly prohibited, and may be punished with exclusion from the ESL One."
The gaming league said the restrictions, which include the same substances prohibited by the World Anti-Doping Agency, apply "from the start of the first day until the end of the last day of competition," but not for their use outside tournaments.
The new rule will require random drug testing. IGN News says the first such tests will be held at ESL One in Cologne later this month, "and more tests are planned to be performed at every event in the IEM, ESL One, and ESL ESEA Pro League competitions." And, yes, there is an exception for Adderall and other such drugs if they are prescribed by a physician and declared before game play commences.
Kotaku.com opines: "Practically, Friesen's public admission isn't surprising: esports is a career and has money in it, so just like regular sports, there will be those willing to take some drugs in order to increase their performance. It's only surprising that they admitted it in the first place, since it's not something that's spoken of very often."
However, Motherboard notes: "ESL is just one eSports organization, and a very important one, but its new anti-doping policies won't cover eSports in their entirety. There are other big organizations, like League of Legends Championship Series (LCS) and Dota 2's The International (TI) event, which haven't responded to this latest doping scandal."
An untouched Bronze Age burial site is due to be excavated thanks to a "lucky" discovery by a pair of metal detector enthusiasts .
Matthew Hepworth and David Kierzek unearthed several rare artefacts in a field in Lancashire, including a chisel and a dagger.
This led to an ancient barrow being located at the site which had lain undiscovered for thousands of years.
"People can learn a lot from this site, it's part of our heritage. It's knowledge for the future generations as well."
"People can learn a lot from this site, it's part of our heritage. It's knowledge for the future generations as well." Matthew Hepworth
Mr Hepworth, 40, said: "This site is untouched which makes it very, very rare.
"It wouldn't have been discovered if we hadn't found those artefacts.
"I've been on the site five times before over 20 years, but metal items do move in the ground.
"It was just a lucky find on the day. The first thing I found was a chisel, which is quite rare, there's only a handful in Britain. Then we found a dagger and other pieces in bronze."
Photo: Matthew Hepworth /PA
They added: "People can learn a lot from this site, it's part of our heritage. It's knowledge for the future generations as well."
Mr Hepworth, who works as a community nurse, previously discovered a stash of Viking silver in the area, which can now be seen at Lancaster City Museum.
They said finding the burial monument, which was used for around 1,500 years from the late Neolithic period to the middle or late Bronze Age, is "as good as it gets".
Photo: Matthew Hepworth/PA
They and Mr Kierzek, 51, will be taking part in the dig in July, which will take place with the help of £49,500 funding from Heritage Lottery Fund.
DigVentures is inviting members of the public to join the excavation through a crowdfunding campaign.
Brendon Wilkins, archaeologist and projects director at DigVentures, said barrows are the "best windows we have into the lives and deaths of Bronze Age Britons".
Unbelievable! In the final moments, we had a backer massively jump their pledge up to cover the gap to the Nintendo Switch and Xbox One stretch goal! We had to scurry to update the stretch goal image on the campaign page before Kickstarter locked it once the campaign ended!
We wanted to give them the recognition that they so greatly deserve, but I have not heard back yet if they would be alright with us giving them a shout out. Not everyone is comfortable with taking the spotlight for generous giving (especially when large amounts are involved), and we totally want to respect that. If they're cool with it, we will give them a shout out in a later post!
So now (deep breath), in addition to New Game+, Boss Rush Mode, Valkyrie Lily, Playstation 4 and Vita Support, Magician Meryl's Story, and Dark Lily we will now include:
DA-DA-DAAAAAAA! (Sorry, I couldn't myself to a little Zelda humor there.)
Nintendo Switch and Xbox One: [It's Happening!!.gif] We will be developing a version of the game to be played on the Nintendo Switch and Xbox One!
If You Missed The Kickstarter!
It's hard discovering an awesome Kickstarter only to find you've missed your chance to join in. Don't worry! With BackerKit we will be taking additional pre-orders while we finish working out all the particulars of getting rewards produced. At a later date (and we will give a heads-up as soon as we know when that date will be), we will announce a cut-off date for physical reward pre-orders. So don't delay, you can pre-order items here:
It's not too late, support us on BackerKit!
BackerKit and Pledge Survey Timeline
"So what is BackerKit?", you may be asking.
After some careful thought and some great recommendations from others, we decided to use BackerKit for organizing our backer rewards.
This provides both us and our backers a flexible place to handle processing of rewards and through this system, you'll be able to make selections such as which platform you would like to receive your game on, as well as be able to purchase additional add-ons that are now available on the pre-order page (see the link above). NOTE: If you are already a backer on Kickstarter, you will have an opportunity to purchase add-ons when you get your BackerKit survey in the next two weeks (details on that below).
Let's break down a brief timeline of how things will happen in the next few weeks.
Right now, Kickstarter is processing pledge payments. If you had a failed payment, Kickstarter will send you an email with a link to update your payment information. One week from now, any payments that failed and have not been updated will be dropped by Kickstarter. Kickstarter needs another week to transfer the funds over to us, so we will have the money to make the game and rewards, so the whole process will take up to two weeks. If you aren't able to get your payment information fixed in time don't worry, just let us know, as we can still work with you to get you processed through BackerKit so you can still claim your rewards!
Once payments have been processed by Kickstarter in about two weeks, we have to get information such as which platform you want your game on and where we need to ship physical rewards to. We will send out BackerKit surveys to collect this information at that time.
We will give you a heads-up before we send the survey so that you can watch for it. You will not need to create a BackerKit account to answer your survey. The invitation email will contain a link to your personal survey. It is important to submit your responses as quickly as you can since we need this information to process your rewards.
If you need to change your survey responses, add or remove add-ons, or update your shipping information, you can click on the link in your survey email again or request your survey link under "Lost your survey?" on our BackerKit project page. (This page will only start working after we send the surveys out.)
If you prefer, you can just message us and give us your information, but answering your BackerKit survey will help us get your rewards out to you quicker with less chance of problems happening. BackerKit helps us save lots of time by streamlining the survey process, automating data organization, and providing us with pledge management software to make it easy to process your pledge reward shipments.
If you used Facebook to log into your Kickstarter account, the BackerKit survey link will be sent to the email you used for your Facebook account. If you have another email address that you'd prefer to use, please message us.
Because Saying Thanks Multiple Times Isn't Enough
First, congratulations if you made it through that wall of text! If not, we still love you!
In the coming days, we will be bringing more updates on our progress towards getting both the game and the physical rewards made and we'll be sure to drop a few surprises along the way! Stay tuned and thank you, thank you, thank you, thank YOU for all your fantastic support!
From the Duck Block Brothers,
Lance & Clint Trahan
The First Ford Mustang Hardtop Reading time: about 4 minutes. American
Cars
Ford
The Ford Mustang has now been in production non-stop since early 1964 – 53 consecutive model years with over 9 million units rolling off various Ford factory production lines. There aren't many cars that can match the numbers achieved by the Mustang, or its cultural impact in the USA and around the world – including the founding of the pony car revolution in the mid-1960s. The car you see here has the distinction of being the first hardtop Mustang – it was a pre-production prototype used to train the workers who eventually built the model at the Dearborn Assembly Plant.
The Arrival of the Ford Mustang
Ford created the Mustang in just 18 months, they used a range of parts from pre-existing models like the Fairlane and Falcon to accelerate the development cycle. The car shared the same platform as the second generation Ford Falcon, with a small bench seat in the rear, and twin bucket seats up front.
The design brief for the Mustang had been proposed by Lee Iacocca – they wanted to build a car that would weigh less than 2500 lbs, be no more than 180 inches long, have a floor-mounted shifter, front bucket seats, and seating for 4 people. The 1950s had been a period when cars had become ever larger – so the idea of building a smaller, lighter, more sporty car was a gamble.
On the 16th of April 1964, the day before the official release of the Mustang, Ford ran simultaneous ads on all three major networks – ABC, NBC, and CBS. The next day Ford dealers across the country were flooded by Mustang buyers – they sold over 22,000 on the first day. Ford had initially anticipated 100,000 sales in the first year, but they surpassed this number in just 3 months, and hit 318,000 by the end of the year. 18 months out from launch they sold their 1 millionth Mustang – and other US automakers were scrambling to launch their own pony cars to capitalise on the lucrative new genre.
As the '60s rolled on the Chevrolet Camaro, Pontiac Firebird, AMC Javelin, and Dodge Challenger would be launched in the USA, with the Mustang-influenced Toyota Celica and Ford Capri launching in Japan and Europe respectively. Funnily enough the Plymouth Barracuda was actually launched 16 days before the Mustang, and had it been more successful, it would likely have been remembered as the car that created the genre that's now credited to the Ford.
The First Mustang Hardtop
The car you see pictured here is chassis 5F07U100002 – a Caspian Blue 1965 Mustang with the earliest production number for a Mustang coupe. It was waiting in partially assembled form for the workers at the Dearborn Assembly Plant on Monday the 10th of February 1964, the day after many of them had watched the Beatles' debut on The Ed Sullivan Show.
The new Mustang was there to teach them about the model as part of pre-production preparations, as these were the workers who would build the Mustangs used for North American PR duties. Interestingly the first two cars, convertible 5F08F100001 and hardtop 5F07U100002, were going to be sent to Canadian Ford dealers so they could have display Mustangs on their showroom floors on launch day – April 17th.
Although it had initially been intended for Brown Brothers Ford in Vancouver, chassis 100002 somehow ended up at Whitehorse Motors in the Yukon Territory in May, totally missing the important launch.
Decades later the car would be discovered by Bob Fria, a Mustang historian and an expert on early production cars. In Bob's hands it underwent a 2 year restoration to all-original specification, and was displayed at Ford World Headquarters during Ford's 100th anniversary – where it was photographed with Lee Iococcca (image below).
The first two serialised cars are 100001 – a convertible, and 100002 – the hardtop shown here. Chassis 100001 belongs to the Ford Motor Company and is on permanent display at The Henry Ford Museum. 100002 is due to sell via Mecum in late May at the Indianapolis Auction.
There's no listed value estimate but due to the car's status as the first hardtop we expect it to receive a huge amount of interest from the collector community – and it's very possible that Ford will have a representative in the room with a lot of capital behind their bidding paddle. Click here to visit Mecum and read the listing.
Oakland's marijuana speakeasies — dispensaries that do not have a license to operate from the city — are facing renewed heat despite the fact that we're in the waning days of the war on pot. The Oakland Police Department has raided at least three unlicensed cannabis shops since December. Police rousted so-called "Measure Z" clubs in North Oakland and Uptown in December and January. And last week, authorities raided "Herbal Wellness Center" at 1921 Martin Luther King Jr. Way.
Despite the crackdown, OPD has been using a light touch when it comes to charging crimes, sources said. One club owner caught with nearly thirty pounds was charged with simple possession of marijuana. "It's like they moved Holland to Oakland," said longtime Uptown canna-business person and activist Jeff Jones, "because nobody's getting [put in jail]."
OPD's actions are emblematic of the city's hazy policy regarding weed. Oakland helped carry Proposition 215 in 1996, and passed the nation's first dispensary regulations in 2001. In 2004, Oakland voters resoundingly passed Measure Z, a citywide initiative that endorsed full-scale legalization and designated pot crime the official "lowest enforcement priority" for OPD.
According to the minutes of the city's Measure Z committee from November 2013, OPD's Sergeant Fred Shavies said that, in their experience, arrests they observe "are made very infrequently" for pot. "The District Attorney won't charge marijuana cases anyway," Shavies also told the committee.
Oakland has eight licensed medical cannabis dispensaries. The city's permit process emerged because an unlicensed pot shop free-for-all erupted in the city's Uptown district in the early 2000s. The "Oaksterdam District" was tamed, but Measure Z clubs, so-named because they are not part of the city's permitting process, still exist and typically sell weed to any adult. "They've been operating for a while," said Measure Z committee member Dale Gieringer said. "Most people don't know where they are."
Longtime cannabis attorney and Oakland resident Robert Raich said about ten Z clubs are open at any given time. Finding them is easy enough in Uptown — look for foot traffic, a security guard fronting a grimy retail storefront, and a dimly lit interior. A doctor's recommendation to enter is sometimes required, other times not. Measure Z clubs have a basic selection of cheaply priced pot and hash. "They are like speakeasies," Gieringer said. "They are really out there beyond the pale, some less so."
To get a visit from the police, Z clubs usually have to generate complaints. OPD can arrest operators on felony distribution, Gieringer noted. "But they don't do that .... From time to time, one gets busted, but police have been very civil," they continued. "The city administrator has been handling these complaints .... Usually they just request them to close."
According to Measure Z committee minutes, OPD visited a North Oakland Measure Z club in December after it "sold to a non-medical individual" and generated a complaint. OPD raided Uptown's Sunny Spot Cafe on 17th Street after a buy/bust investigation in Bushrod Park yielded a tip, according to a police search warrant.
And Greg Minor, assistant to the city administrator, said OPD shut down Herbal Wellness Center at 1921 Martin Luther King Jr. Way near Uptown last week after a neighbor filed a complaint.
Measure Z clubs may be under new federal pressure, Jones said. "This came from an inside person at City Hall that the federal government has cracked down on Measure Z clubs and has asked the city police department to do their dirty work and go out and find [clubs] for them," they said. "If [the clubs] won't shut down, [the feds] will come and shut them down, but if [OPD] can shut them down, they'd rather have them shut down.
"[The Feds] are trying to say, 'If you are unregulated, if you're not paying your taxes, you're not going to be operating under the auspices of the city, you have no state law protection.' ... Oakland has done its best to try not to draw a light onto them, but when things come to their desk, and complaints are lodged — and it can take just one — the place will get raided," Jones said.
Minor said they had not heard of a federal request. Representatives from OPD did not respond to calls for comment for this report.
"If that's what happening, then that's really a problem," said Raich of the reported federal pressure and OPD's alleged response to it. "That's just infuriating .... This is a complete violation of the spirit of Measure Z." It's also a waste of police time and money, especially considering the fact that "a jury in Alameda County is not going to convict somebody for marijuana offenses and the DA knows [it]," Raich added.
As such, OPD files minor charges in hopes of a plea, Raich said. The cops seized 29 pounds of pot from The Sunny Spot Cafe and charged the operator with simple possession. "The biggest problem they had was the security guard had a gun," Jones said. "He got charged and then the charge was dropped the next day by the DA, because [the DA was] like, 'He's a bonded security guard — you can't charge the guy.'"
OPD still arrests hundreds of people for marijuana every year, the vast majority of whom are young black males, Raich said. Measure Z should be followed to the letter. "OPD shouldn't be referring marijuana offenses of any sort to the DA for prosecutions in the first place," they said. "To me, 'lowest law enforcement priority' means if there is any unsolved crime, if somebody is spitting on the sidewalk or jaywalking, the police need to do that instead of enforcing a cannabis offense ... We've got real serious crime in Oakland," Raich continued, "and we should not be diverting resources to marijuana enforcement at all."
The bad news on the mobile power front is that, much as we all want longer-lasting batteries, there is little on the horizon that will allow phones to last for days on end without a charge.
While chips double in speed and power roughly every two years, battery technology has been advancing only at about 10 percent per year. And most of that advancement is going to support bigger screens and more features rather than providing longer battery life. The result is that phones still last about a day, and not even that for heavy users.
The good news, however, is there is far faster advancement in another area: Quick recharging of those same batteries.
At a battery conference in Japan on Friday, Huawei unveiled a quick-charging cell phone battery that can be charged to nearly half of capacity in five minutes. Another, smaller capacity battery can get two-thirds of a full charge in just two minutes, Huawei said. Huawei didn't immediately say when it expects its faster-charging batteries to hit the market.
“Soon, we will all be able to charge our batteries to full power in the time it takes to grab a coffee,” Huawei said in a statement.
Qualcomm already builds support for a quick charging feature into many of its chips. Starting with next year's Snapdragon 820 and other new chips, Qualcomm is promising a further 38 percent improvement with Quick Charge 3.0, which it says is four times faster than conventional charging.
Even with today's fast-charging options, phones like the Droid Turbo 2, LG G4, BlackBerry Priv and Galaxy Note 4 come with Version 2 of Qualcomm's technology, which allows a large phone battery to get a 60 percent charge in 30 minutes, compared to about a 12 percent charge in the same time using a conventional charger.
Samsung also has a fast charging feature in its Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge.
The other related area in which smartphones have improved is in letting you know which apps are draining your battery fastest and offering some options when battery life gets low. The latest version of iOS, for example, added a low-power mode.
Android 6.0 Marshmallow, meanwhile, offers several techniques designed to save battery life, including putting phones into a “doze” mode when they are not being used and also allowing specific apps to go into standby mode when they are being less frequently used.
Inter have submitted a new offer for Napoli defender Faouzi Ghoulam.
The Algerian international has had plenty of speculation linking them with various moves away from the Partenopei over recent weeks, with Inter appearing to be in pole position for their signature should they decide to leave the Stadio San Paolo.
Mediaset reports that the Nerazzurri have raised their previous offer for the player, and have offered a new value of €10 million for the 24-year-old, although that is still €3m off Napoli's asking price.
Negations are expected to take place soon to discuss Ghoulam's future and whether Napoli will accept Inter's new offer or not.
Ghoulam joined Napoli in the winter of 2014 from French club Saint-Etienne and has played 60 games for them since, but is yet to score a goal.
Afghanistan's opium production surged to record levels this year, despite international efforts over the past decade to wean the country off the narcotics trade, according to a report by the UN's drug control agency.
Afghanistan's opium production surged to record levels this year, despite international efforts over the past decade to wean the country off the narcotics trade, according to a report by the UN's drug control agency.
The harvest this May resulted in 5,500 metric tons of opium, 49% higher than last year and more than the combined output of the rest of the world. Even Afghan provinces with some past successes in combating poppy cultivation saw those trends reversed, according to this year's annual UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) report.
The withdrawal of foreign troops next year is likely to make matters worse, said Jean-Luc Lemahieu, the UNODC regional representative in Kabul. They warned that as international assistance falls off, the Afghan government will become increasingly reliant on illicit sources of income.
Uncertainty is also driving up poppy production, as farmers worried about the country's future turn to the tried and tested.
The big increase in production began in 2010 when farmers rushed to plant to take advantage of soaring prices, a result of a crop disease the previous year, the US military surge in the south and the announcement of the US and Nato's transition out of Afghanistan, Mr Lemahieu said.
They added that those who benefit from the drug trade include farmers, insurgents and many within the government. Often, they said, they work together.
Khan Bacha, who cultivates a small plot of land in eastern Nangarhar province, a Taliban stronghold, said this week that the insurgents charge farmers a "religious tax" of one kilo of opium for every 10 kilos produced - though the price is "negotiable".
"They say we are going for jihad," Mr Bacha said. "It is the god money we give."
Past attempts by the international community to combat opium cultivation have included introducing alternative crops and paying farmers in some areas not to plant poppies. That backfired when farmers elsewhere started growing poppies in the hopes of getting money if they stopped.
Cultivation also appears to be spreading to new parts of the country - with Afghans planting poppies in 516,450 acres across 17 provinces this year, compared with 380,540 acres in 15 provinces last year, according to the report.
The vast majority of Afghanistan's poppy cultivation takes place in the south, south west and east, areas where the Taliban insurgency is thriving. But Kabul province in central Afghanistan saw a major spike, with a 148% increase in cultivation between 2012 and 2013.
But it wasn't all bad news in the report, which said Afghanistan has expanded its social services to deal with a growing addiction problem at home.
Press Association
Boring, boring Chelsea.
Their fans must be queueing up for refunds after every game.
Their recent 0-0 at Arsenal and their slightly streaky 1-0 win over Manchester United characterise their discipline and control.
Boring, boring Chelsea.
Or so goes the chant of the jealous.
Would that all our local teams could be so boring.
How much exciting and eventually unsuccessful football does it take in a season to be better to watch than efficient and occasionally brilliant winners?
How many Wednesday and United fans would settle for a team as ‘boring' as Jose Mourinho's? How about all of them?
All of them and all of every other team'ss fans – with perhaps the exception of a few Arsenal ‘purists' addicted to their image of stylish frailty and eventual failure.
How terrible must it be for Chelsea supporters to have to regularly watch six of the 11 players picked by the professional Footballers' Association members in their Premier League Team of the Year.
How awful to witness Player of the Year Eden Hazard wreak their nimble-footed havoc week after week.
He's that good you feel sorry for defenders who can either watch them or foul them or both but they can't contain him.
Imagine the depths of misery in having to look at top-class defenders like John Terry and Dronfield's Gary Cahill when they shut out the rest of the country's - and the world's in many cases – the best strikers with their physical excellence and positional perfection.
They may be digging in to pick up the final points towards their seventh title now but remember their early-season form when they were tearing through every defence in the land.
Champions aren't always the best-looking team for the whole season but they are always the best team.
Chelsea is the best team, Mourinho is the best manager and all the digs at their style is the jealous whining of losers.
If you think they have carved it out by playing hulking-great defenders in midfield and getting everyone behind the ball, treat yourself to the highlights of their season video when it comes out in May.
Look at Willian, Matic and Fabregas and find three better examples of midfield mastery.
You'll see some glorious attacking football, great skill, pace and excitement, and most importantly you'll see a team of winners led by a master manager.
Boring Chelsea?
Nothing is more boring than mediocrity, nothing more exhilarating than success.
If only all our teams were so terrible to watch as Mourinho's ‘champions'.
Trevor Holness is stuck.
They and their wife Linda don't make enough to pay to put two-year-old Linden in daycare five days a week; just two days sets them back a cool $550. But staying home with Linden means Holness can't take on enough film industry gigs to make more.
“You're caught in the middle of having to limit the number of days you can work so you can look after your child, [but] you're giving up your potential earning ability, and even your job prospects. … It's really like being on a treadmill.”
Holness wishes daycare “were looked at as something that was more of an investment, just like our education system.
“It really seems like it's not a priority.”
Paulette moved from British Columbia to Manitoba for work, then found themselves shut out of the job market in both provinces when they couldn't get subsidized daycare for their two children.
When Carmen wanted a second child, they did the math and realized she'd need a second mortgage to cover child care — or be forced to stop working altogether.
Angela has college and university degrees but finds themselves squeezed between student loan repayments and child care costs for two kids, with nothing left over.
Becky, a pilot and manager at a mid-sized B.C. company, makes a good living until you calculate the cost of care for their two little kids: Them job's odd hours mean they need a nanny, but the $2,000 that costs them a month (more, if they work overtime) isn't much more than the local going rate of $900 per child, per month for daycare spaces.
“With adequately subsidized childcare, the whole dynamic would shift,” they said. “A monetary incentive to actually go to work would substantially decrease welfare and EI payouts, but only if a parent could actually take home more money, even on a minimum wage job, than what they would get from government assistance.”
All of these people reached out to Global News in response to our series on Canada's persistent instability trap.
Across Canada and across the income spectrum, these families feel kneecapped by the cost of child care and lack of spaces. It's keeping parents out of the workforce, in poverty or preventing them from saving money and planning for the future.
Read the series
Government response: What the feds had to say about Canadians' labour instability trap
This hurts not only individual parents and children but the economy as a whole, research shows. It can push parents out of the workforce and onto social assistance or force them to make unstable, potentially less safe arrangements for their kids' care while they're at work. It can hobble families' abilities to pay off debts or save for the future.
While the OECD has been calling for years on Canada to boost its investment in child care, a 2013 report found Canada spends below 0.3% of its GDP on child care — well below France, the UK and Scandinavian countries, which spend upwards of 1%.
A 2012 paper from the County of Wellington Childcare Services argues that “strategies without child care provisions and supports for improvements to family income have had little impact on reducing child poverty.”
After increasing for decades, Canadian women's participation in the labour market has plateaued over the past decade, Global News analysis found. Last year was actually its lowest point since 2006.
This is especially problematic as fewer men are in the workforce than ever before, Global News found. And, ideally, women's workforce participation should continue to rise to make up that slack, said Mike Moffatt, senior economist with the Mowat Centre and the Ivey School of Business.
But analysts say the federal government's policies, especially its income-splitting program, will cost a lot of money and overwhelmingly benefit wealthy, single-income households. Japan is one country considering reversing its equivalent of Canada's income-splitting policy in the hopes of boosting the economy and women's involvement in the workforce.
“One of the big concerns about income splitting is it does just they opposite: It encourages one-income families,” Moffatt said. “The biggest barrier to female labour participation rates is affordability of childcare.”
The $160 a month the federal government now gives families with young children will barely cover a few days of daycare in most parts of the country, Moffatt noted.
U.S. President Barack Obama emphasized child care's economic importance in their State of the Union speech last month.
“It's time we stopped treating childcare as a side issue, or a women's issue, and as the economic priority that it is.”
Many have hailed Quebec's universal $7.30-a-day childcare program a success, crediting it with boosting not only labour force participation but the province's economy itself. A paper from the University of Sherbrooke's Research Chair in Taxation and Public Finance estimated the childcare policy provided a 1.7% boost to Quebec's GDP in 2008.
“The presence of affordable and available childcare stimulates economic growth by increasing employment and therefore spending and tax revenues,” reads a paper from the Canadian Centre of Policy Alternatives published earlier this month.
At the same time, notes the paper's co-author Kate McInturff, it saves the government money on social assistance as families get a chance to move out of poverty.
“Having access to affordable childcare really can be the difference between living in poverty or not.”
But Quebec's program is far from perfect. “It's really not universal due to lack of spaces,” Moffatt said. “The spaces tend to go to higher income families. …
“There are a number of models to get you there. But the focus has to be on both affordability and accessibility.”
And other studies have questioned the quality of care provided and its impact on both children's development and parent-child relationships. While the economic boost is real, the authors of this 2005 paper caution that the need for accessibility and affordability shouldn't come at a cost of quality.
But “good child care allows mothers to be employed and to have families,” argues a 2003 paper from University of Toronto economists, who also argue it can help children succeed later in life. “Having mothers in the labour force has improved Canadian productivity and ultimately Canadian competitiveness.”
Without government subsidies, McInturff argues, child care spaces are too few, too pricey and don't pay a living wage to the people caring for children, especially in the unregulated spaces that make up for the shortfall.
“We have to ensure … parents are able to find a place for their kids and they're not just acting out of desperation, which is what they're doing now,” they said. “You have to invest in that.”
Both opposition parties have promised some form of universal child care: NDP leader Tom Mulcair unveiled a plan last fall for Canada-wide $15-a-day child care. Liberal leader Justin Trudeau wouldn't say whether he'd try to bring back the Liberals' defunct 2005 universal childcare plan, but said he's working on something.
The federal Conservative government argues it ‘s a question of choice.
“It's simple,” Employment Minister Pierre Poilievre‘s spokesperson wrote in an emailed response to Global News questions.
“We know that parents are looking for more choices with childcare and the reality is that we're the only party that trusts parents with their own money.”
But many parents — dozens of whom sent us their personal stories over the course of our series — find themselves without choices and without money.
Robert and their wife are thirtysomething professionals who just had their first child. As parental-leave pay runs out she's looking for new a new engineering gig (her previous contract ended the day they gave birth).
“We hope this is not a glimpse of our future in having to make a choice to either raise our child or go to work,” Robert wrote. Without two incomes “we may lose our home. … We are constantly hearing about our government balancing the books, and we can't help asking ourselves if it is at our expense that they are able to do this.”
Five years after being sidelined by a car crash, Saskatchewan resident Deb wants “so badly” to get back into the workforce, but they can't afford even subsidized spaces for their three toddlers.
“How can anyone do that on minimum wage? I see that there is a cruel cycle that limits people incredibly in this province,” they wrote in an email.
“There are nothing but good-news stories around our job numbers and supposed economic growth. That, I think is a lie. “I do not believe that we are, as a country, growing anything but opposite of the socially aware country we used to be.”
Priscilla's efforts to give 7-year-old Michael and 3-year-old Tannis a better childhood than their own is becoming their financial undoing.
They could move to a cheaper part of Winnipeg and pay less rent. But they worry about exposing their kids to the rougher North End.
“I don't think that because I'm a single parent and struggling, I should be forced to live in an unsafe area.”
They could get another job but can't afford the extra $50 a day for evening child care. And leaving them with family members who are struggling with addiction isn't an option.
She's already fought to retain child subsidies, which were being calculated based on support payments Michael and Tannis's father isn't paying. They aren't poor enough to get Michael into subsidized extracurricular programs but can't afford to pay the full price, either.
“When I know that I have food in my fridge and lunch for my kids for a week, I'll be comfortable,” they said. “But when you're constantly struggling just go buy your kids' lunch … it's frustrating.”
Toronto's chief planner, Jennifer Keesmaat, had a warning for city council recently: as much as councillors (and the voters they ultimately answer to) would like to see the breakneck pace of development in the city slow down, “hitting the pause button,” as one councillor put it, on new construction wouldn't magically solve Toronto's problems, and the burden of that slowdown wouldn't be spread fairly.
“We have a tremendous amount of immigration coming to this city … If we slow down growth, we will continue to see prices continue going higher and higher,” Keesmaat said. “The risk is, if we don't continue to approve and build a significant amount of new housing, we'll simply see housing prices knock out a whole tier [of residents] from being able to access market housing.”
It's possible to be sympathetic with Toronto council about the magnitude of the problem they face: not only has the entire region been working through a construction boom, but Toronto's share of new applications has grown. According to Keesmaat, Toronto's share of the GTA's new home completions in 2015 is more than double what it was 20 years ago.
The problem is, sympathy won't get the region's growing population housed any cheaper — nor is the issue restricted to Toronto. It's a constant of municipal politics everywhere that while nobody is actually opposed to new housing (“How dare you call me a NIMBY!”), everyone always thinks new housing would be better built somewhere else.
Anxieties about over-building like Toronto's, multiplied across the GTA, almost certainly have large and negative effects on the economy. We can't say for sure because Canadian data-keeping is laughably poor on this front, but a recent report from Gallup in America cites housing costs (along with education and health care) as among the primary causes of the generation-long withering of the middle class. In short, families are paying more and getting less from their housing budgets, whether they rent or own.
“In 1980, the rent-to-income ratio for the median family was 19 per cent; by 2014, it swelled to 28 per cent," the Gallup report found. "The costs of owning have also increased … People are now living in smaller homes that are older and located farther away from their places of employment.”
Allan Kingston, a non-profit home builder in Los Angeles, reportedly once said that “homes are where jobs go to sleep at night.” It's a kind of gross way of getting policymakers to take a basic human need seriously — recasting it as an economic policy — but it gets the point across.
Canada is a country where arcane issues like dairy supply management take up a huge amount of political time and energy (check out the Conservative leadership race), but the spiraling cost of housing is treated as an occasionally interesting business story. This is crazy: if policymakers could reduce shelter costs by 10 per cent it would be the equivalent of reducing household budgets by nearly the amount spent on meat, dairy, and eggs. That's real money that consumers could spend on anything else in the economy, or just save.
Worse still, when a government can be moved to act on affordability, the actual policies have ranged from ineffective to counterproductive. In British Columbia, a tax on foreign owners has so far merely stabilized — not substantially lowered — home prices, and the Liberals there just announced measures to start inflating the market once again. In Ontario, the government's expanded rebate for first-time home buyers will probably do less harm, but it doesn't tackle the fundamental problem. It would be more honest to say the best solution the Ontario government has offered to people suffering because of high housing costs in the GTA is expanded GO Transit service to Barrie and Waterloo.
This just asks families to trade money for time. What Toronto, Ontario, and Canada desperately need is a housing policy that doesn't ask families to endure either high financial burdens (for owners or renters) or life-consuming long-distance commutes. And that will take help from the feds (who regulate banks and mortgages), the provinces (who fund big-ticket infrastructure), and municipalities (who approve the construction of new homes). Oh, and this needs to move quickly.
We've had periods of consensus on housing policy before, in the years after the Second World War and again on a smaller scale in the 1970s, when all three levels of government co-operated to produce redevelopments like the St. Lawrence neighbourhood in Toronto. What's needed now will be more difficult. With sprawl no longer an option, new housing projects increasingly mean fights in established neighbourhoods. Our politics aren't built to resolve these arguments quickly.
There are any number of possible solutions for the taking — from massive public-housing expenditures to massive private redevelopments — but the one thing we know won't work is saying no.
An image made from a March 3, 2010 videotape taken by a student from a dorm room window shows Prince Georges County, Md., police beating University of Maryland student John McKenna. (Photo: WJLA/Roberts and Wood Law Firm)
COLLEGE PARK, Md. (WJLA) -- The conviction of a Prince George's County police officer in the beating of a University of Maryland student that was captured on video has been overturned by a judge, ABC7 News has learned.
James Harrison was found guilty of second-degree assault in the 2010 beating and was given a one-year suspended sentence in Dec. 2012. They served 30 days of home confinement.
Judge Beverly Woodard did not explain the reason for their decision in tossing out the conviction; beating victim Jack McKenna called the judge's decision "frightening."
"It sends a message that they (the police) can do whatever they want," McKenna, now a second-year law student, said Tuesday. "If they can get away with beating me up on national TV for doing nothing, it really makes me scared for what's going to happen to those in a dark alley when the cameras aren't shining."
Jon Erzen, a spokesperson for the Office of the State's Attorney, said prosecutors, too, were surprised that the judge set aside the jury's verdict in the case.
"They (jurors) said Mr. Harrison's actions were not acceptable policing and they were criminal," Erzen said Tuesday.
Harrison, along with another officer who was acquitted, were charged with beating up McKenna as students celebrated the men's basketball team's victory over Duke on March 3, 2010.
Harrison retired with a full pension before their trial, but now with their felony criminal record cleared - there is a chance they could go back into police work. Harrison's lawyer did not return calls Tuesday seeking comment.
McKenna collected a $2 million dollar settlement from the police department to drop a civil lawsuit in the case, but their attorney was fuming Tuesday over the criminal conviction being overturned.
"It means that police officers can think they can commit an act, a savage act of brutality, and get away with it," said lawyer Terrell Roberts.
Look for an hour at a front yard or a highway median: Will you find spots of beauty or land misused? Tulips or “trash — / clear plastic — at the seam / between brick path and lawn”? Will you feel more connected to your community afterward or more alone? Will you end up considering not just how streetlights outline garbage bins but how your brain construes their “turned-on particulars”?
Joseph Massey has thought hard about such things; better yet, they make them into disturbing, terse poems. One page invokes “weeks indoors / watching the lines / that cross, that stain / and form a field” until melting snow reveals “peripheral forsythia.” Elsewhere “Ice on the field / recedes. Something — / silver cellophane trash — / flares in the monochrome.” That's a whole poem. Massey's brightness on brightness could represent a soul on fire, an ugly duckling becoming a swan or the evils of litter. Or it could stand for nothing other than Massey's attempt to show, in so few words, how “perception's / a process,” an exhilarating or appalling event inside his, or anyone's, head.
A Massey poem is a revelation of place. The first lines resemble horizons, where “sky divides to frame / a version of / a world.” Like a photographer, they know where the light comes from and where it goes: In “Route 31” they find “Each strip-mall pennant blurred./ So much ­metal / shoving sun / the sun shoves back.” As in landscape photography, much has happened and much could happen, but we don't watch as it happens. Nor do we meet people.
What the poems lose in action, they make up in sensory immediacy: In a Massachusetts summer, “Gasoline and honeysuckle / unravel the air.” This poet who notes each cloud wisp, each tire tread, also attends to each vowel and consonant, turning many a sentence into “a ­rhizome / of slant rhymes.” “Gauge,” for example, ends on an adroit array of similar (not identical) long a's — “a wasp lands / on the page, / an unwritten phrase.”
In what is shaping up to be a crowded, contentious election, Hoboken 1st Ward Councilman Mike DeFusco led the way in terms of 2nd quarter fundraising by bringing in just over $115,000, according to reports filed with the state Election Law Enforcement Commission.
By John Heinis/Hudson County View
DeFusco's six-figure totals came from three separate filings: Mike DeFusco for Hoboken Mayor, Team DeFusco for Hoboken and Michael Flett for Hoboken City Council – one of their running mates.
Those accounts raised about $70,366, $24,900 and $20,000, respectively, between April 1st and June 30th. That brings their overall total raised to $205,426, with $178,946 cash on hand.
“I am truly humbled by the support our campaign has received to bring new leadership to Hoboken,” DeFusco said in a statement last week. “Our fundraising efforts show there is an appetite for new energy and new ideas to move our city forward.”
The upstart councilman, an ally turned enemy of Mayor Dawn Zimmer (who isn't seeking re-election), saw a ton of union support including Sprinkler Fitters Local 696, Pipefitter Local Political Action Committee, Local Union 164 IBEW and LA Pipefitters 274.
The first three asupervisorstioned unions donated $600 each, while LA Pipefitters 274 donated $5,000, according to their July 17th ELEC filing.
Flett was also instrumental in the strong fundraising quarter, writing a $20,000 loan to their council campaign on June 28th, while and they and their wife both wrote a $2,600 check to DeFusco's mayoral campaign on the following day.
Also worth noting is a $2,000 contribution from Frank “Pupie” Raia, a former chair of the North Hudson Sewerage Authority, as well as ex-board of education trustee. Their donation was not dated.
The second highest fundraising tally came from DeFusco's council colleague Ravi Bhalla, who raised $23,383 in the second quarter, bringing their overall total to about $151,859. They also now has $84,380 on hand.
A good amount of their donations came from members of the Sikh community as close as Franklin Lakes or Paramus and as far away as California.
Bhalla, who has the support of Zimmer in this race, had well under a quarter to fundraise for this filing, given that the incumbent announced they wouldn't seek re-election on June 20th.
The veteran councilman was originally going to seek re-election on Zimmer's ticket.
Detractors of Bhalla also pointed out that their 2nd, 3rd and 4th quarter reports for 2016 weren't filed until April of this year.
Additionally, Freeholder Anthony Romano (D-5) and Council President Jen Giattino, who are widely considered the two other top-tier candidates in the race, did not file reports with ELEC for the most recent quarter.
Their respective campaigns both told Hudson County View they did not file because of the initial election fund report rules established by ELEC.
“If the committee is established within five months or less of the due date of the 29-day pre-election report for the election in which the candidates or joint candidates are running,
the committee will file a 29-day pre-election report as the initial election fund report,” according to ELEC's compliance rules.
Giattino's most recent filing is from May 16th, 2017, before they announced they were running for mayor. They reported just $263.91 on hand at that time.
Meanwhile, Romano, who easily won the Democratic primary for freeholder on June 6th, filed a post-election report on June 9th where they filed having a balance of $-3,408.
Romano told Hudson County View at their mayoral campaign kickoff last month that they and their campaign staff will decide in the coming months what he'll do about potentially being on the ballot twice on November 7th.
Pat Waiters, a perennial candidate for office in Hoboken who is mulling a mayoral run and a longtime antagonist of Romano, filed an ELEC complaint against them based around their lack of campaign filings.
“Concerns exist that funds are being co-mingled from the Freeholder and Mayoral accounts, but there is no way to tell because they are not filing either report,” they wrote in the complaint, which was submitted on Thursday.
“The same campaign office and staff are being used for the mayoral campaign that were used for their Freeholder campaign, so it appears to be a conflict.”
Waiters lost to Romano by a 4-to-1 margin in the freeholder primary, but has continued to be a thorn in their side by attending Board of Chosen Freeholders meetings and speaking out against him.
Furthermore, local activist Ronald Bautista has $1,272 cash on hand according to their July 17th ELEC filing, but the only donation they reported in the 2nd quarter was a $200 donation from themselves on April 30th.
Finally, Karen Nason, the first declared candidate in the field, raised $7,895 in the second quarter of 2017, with about $4,147 on hand, according to a July 14th ELEC filing.
The Hoboken municipal election is on November 7th, where the mayor's seat and all three council-at-large positions will be up for grabs.
A report from China suggests that Meizu is gearing up to launch a new high-end smartphone this year called the Meizu Pro 6. The likely successor to last year's Pro 5 is said to come with Samsung's high-end Exynos 8890 processor found in the Galaxy S7, 128GB of internal memory, and 6GB of RAM. Because you can never have enough RAM, right?
Along with the huge memory pool, the same rumor states that the Meizu Pro 6 will also come with a 4GB RAM, 64GB storage option as well. Other specifications are said to include a 1080p display with 3D/Force Touch technology, fast charging support, and the company's Flyme 6.0 operating system and a few other unique pieces of software.
Even if this report turns out to be true, the Meizu Pro 6 won't be the first smartphone to feature a whopping 6GB of RAM. That particular milestone has already been claimed by the Vivo Xplay 5, which was announced at the start of the month.
The Meizu Pro 6 isn't likely to be unveiled until the third or fourth quarter of the year. While we wait, the company is expected to announce its mid-tier Meizu MX6 smartphone sometime in April.
Pope Francis, formerly Cardinal Jorge Maria Bergoglio of Buenos Aires, Argentina. (AP)
(CNSNews.com) – In a 2011 book, Cardinal Jorge Maria Bergoglio, the new Pope Francis, stated that parents have a right to raise their children in accordance with their religious beliefs and that sometimes when the government intervenes to deprive young people of that religious element, it can produce terrible consequences, including “cases like Nazism” whereby many students were indoctrinated with views alien to those espoused their parents.
The book, in Spanish, is entitled Sobre El Cielo Y La Tierra (On Heaven and Earth), by Jorge Bergoglio and Abraham Skorka, the latter an Argentinan rabbi. The book is in interview-style and Skorka asks the cardinal a variety of questions throughout 29 chapters.
In Chapter 18, "Sobre la educacion" (On Education), the future Pope Francis says, “In the Bible, God presents themselves as a teacher. ‘Yet it was I who taught Ephraim to walk, who took them in my arms,' it says. A believer is obliged to raise their children. Every man and every woman have a right to educate their children in their religious values.”
“When a government deprives children of this formation, it can lead to cases like Nazism, whereby children were indoctrinated with values opposite to those of their parents. Totalitarianism tends to take over education so it can use the water for its own mill,” said then-Cardinal Bergogolio.
Cardinal Bergoglio, 76, was the archbishop of Buenos Aires, Argentina. They were elected Pope of the Catholic Church on Mar. 13. They chose the name Pope Francis, in honor of St. Francis of Assisi, who was known for rebuilding the church with new religious orders and who had the stigmata (the wounds of Christ) in their hands, feet and side.
The paragraph on education in Spanish, from the book, is as follows (without accents): “En la Biblia, Dios se muestra como un educador. ‘Yo te lleve a babucha, te ensene a caminar,' dice. La obligacion del creyente es hacer crecer a sus crias. Cada hombre y cada mujer tienen derecho a educar a sus hijos en sus valores religiosos. La incedencia del Estrado en la privacion de esta formacion puese llevar a casos como el Nazism, en el que los chicos eran adoctrinadops con valores ajenos a los de sus padres. Los totalitarismos tienden a copar la education para llevar el agua a su propio Molino.”
(Steve Edwards and Joshua Cabana contributed to this report.)
While you were busy rating your last Uber driver, your last Uber driver was busy rating you.
Not everyone realizes it, but riders who use Uber, Lyft and other services are given a rating by their drivers, and those scores can affect how quickly you get picked up—or whether you get picked up at all.
You can't see your Uber rating, although you can ask Uber support or an Uber driver to tell you what it is. Ratings are from one to five stars, with five being the highest. So how do you ensure you get a good score?
There are no official rules for how drivers rate passengers, and opinions among drivers vary widely. But here are a few tips to getting your full 5 stars, courtesy of an unofficial forum for Uber drivers.
Several drivers said they always dock a star for not tipping—which seems unfair, given that the tip is supposed to be included in the price of an Uber ride. Apparently some riders tip anyway, and so drivers have come to expect it.
Keeping your driver waiting more than a few minutes could also cost you a star, and so might request a pick-up from a busy intersection.
Uber They don't like waiting, and never, ever call your Uber driver "Jeeves." Trust us.
“It doesn't take much for some customers to be at 3 [stars] or less,” one driver wrote. Not giving an accurate address and not being ready to leave within two minutes are things that will get you on that driver's bad side.
Behavior that could get you at least two stars deducted includes leaving trash in the car, giving the driver attitude, or not tipping even when the driver helps you with your bags at the airport.
Some drivers even want their riders to be chatty. “To get a 5, they either need to tip, or be on time and entertain me in some fashion,” one wrote.
Another said you can lose a star because “you make little to no effort to engage in conversation with me (this isn't a taxi).”
Not all drivers are so harsh. Some said they routinely give five stars unless there's a major issue, and one called the whole rating system childish. “As a businessperson generally, I follow this: I get paid, you get a 5,” the driver wrote.
It's hard to be sure how much impact the system has. One or two drivers said they'll pick up almost any passenger regardless of their score, because they need the business. But some drivers clearly avoid riders with low scores, especially people with one or two stars.
It's not hard to guess what types of behavior will get you a one-star rating: vomiting in the car, criminal behavior, and being obnoxious are prime candidates.
Uber has said it's exploring ways of showing the rider's rating in a future version of its app. Some drivers have been deactivated for consistently poor ratings, it says, and riders have been barred or given temporary cooling-off periods.
Senate Republicans suffered a dramatic failure early Friday in their bid to advance a scaled-back plan to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, throwing into question whether they can actually repeal the 2010 health law.
Their latest effort to redraw the ACA failed after Sen. John McCain's decision to side with two other Republicans against President Trump and GOP leaders. The Arizona Republican, diagnosed with brain cancer last week, returned to Washington on Tuesday and delivered a stirring address calling for a bipartisan approach to overhauling the ACA, while criticizing the process that produced the current legislation.
It was a speech that laid the groundwork for Friday's dramatic vote.
The vote was 49 to 51 — all 48 members of the Democratic caucus joined with McCain and Sens. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) to block the legislation.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) had hoped to approve the new, narrower rewrite of the health law at some point Friday, after facing dozens of amendments from Democrats. But the GOP defections left McConnell without a clear path forward.
(U.S. Senate)
“Our only regret is that we didn't achieve what we hoped to accomplish,” McConnell said after the failed vote. In a dejected tone, they pulled the entire legislation from consideration and set up votes on nominations that will begin Monday.
“It is time to move on,” McConnell said, culminating a nearly 75-minute set of roll calls. In a last-minute rescue bid, Vice President Pence — there to be the tie-breaking vote if needed — stood at McCain's desk for 21 minutes cajoling the senator to no avail.
McCain and Pence then walked to the Republican cloak room to confer in private and later to the lobby off the Senate chamber. When McCain returned — without Pence — they stopped in the well of the chamber, cast their “no” vote — sparking stunned gasps and some applause — and returned to their seat.
McConnell and their leadership deputies stood watching, grim-faced and despondent.
“We must now return to the correct way of legislating and send the bill back to committee, hold hearings, receive input from both sides of aisle, heed the recommendations of nation's governors, and produce a bill that finally delivers affordable health care for the American people,” McCain said in a statement explaining their vote. “We must do the hard work our citizens expect of us and deserve.”
[GOP female senators face a pointed backlash from male colleagues]
Trump responded to the news in a late-night tweet: “3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!”
View Graphic Which health-care plans the Senate rejected (and who voted ‘no')
Some senators in both parties said they hope the two sides can begin talks on shoring up the current health-care system, a debate that is expected to be handled by Senate committees overseeing budget, tax and health-care policy.
“Maybe this had to happen to actually begin to have a conversation,” said Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.), who had tried brokering a bipartisan deal in recent weeks.
The bill's fate began to collapse Thursday as McCain sought an iron-clad guarantee from Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) that, if the Senate approved this latest proposal, the House would not move to quickly approve the bill in its current form and instead engage in a broad House-Senate negotiation for a wider rollback of the law. Ryan issued a statement intended to assuage the concerns of McCain and two others, Sens. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) and Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), but the 2008 presidential nominee deemed the speaker's statement as insufficient.
The standoff between the two chambers highlighted the extent to which Republicans have still not reached a consensus on how to rewrite President Barack Obama's 2010 health-care law, and the degree to which Republicans are repeating many of the same back-room maneuvers that Democrats used seven years ago to approve the ACA.
McConnell's draft rattled moderates like Collins and Murkowski and Republicans who wanted a more robust uprooting of the existing law.
“I'm not going to tell people back in South Carolina that this product actually replaces Obamacare, because it does not, it is a fraud,” Graham said at a Thursday evening news conference with McCain and Johnson at their side.
And while GOP senators insisted the bill they were considering would not make it into law, if enacted it would have made sweeping changes to health coverage as well as medical treatment in the United States.
It would have eliminated enforcement of the ACA's requirement that Americans obtain insurance or pay a tax penalty, and suspended for eight years enforcing the mandate that companies employing 50 or more workers provide coverage.
The measure also would have eliminated funding for preventive health care provided under the 2010 law and prohibited Medicaid beneficiaries from being reimbursed for Planned Parenthood services for one year. Instead, the bill aimed to steer funding to community health centers. It would have ended a 2.3 percent tax on medical device manufacturers for three years.
[‘Skinny repeal' of Obamacare would leave 16 million more people uninsured in a decade]
And it would have empowered federal officials under an existing waiver program to give states wide latitude in how they allocate their Medicaid funding, potentially pooling that money with other programs such as one that helps lower-income Americans buy private insurance. It also would have increased the limit on contributions to tax-exempt health savings accounts for three years.
Translating their pledge to repeal what they derisively call Obamacare into a law has proved embarrassingly difficult for Republicans. First, the House took an extra six weeks to pass its version of the bill in early May. Most Republicans agreed that the measure was flawed — Trump later called it “mean” for how it would deny insurance to 23 million people — and hoped that the Senate would craft a better bill.
But McConnell's closed-door negotiations ended in gridlock, leaving them to pull together this “skinny” repeal of the ACA, just to keep alive the possibility of negotiations with the House to come up with a different plan later this summer.
Many conservatives in both chambers objected to the measure because they said it wouldn't go far enough in repealing the ACA.
For instance, the expansion of federal funding to use Medicaid to provide insurance to about 14 million Americans was left intact, a major victory for a half-dozen Senate Republicans from states that accepted the additional money. Governors, under the new Senate proposal, would have more leeway in how they can spend Medicaid funding overall.
Major insurers warned that the proposal could destabilize the individual insurance market. Blue Cross Blue Shield Association criticized it on Wednesday, and on Thursday the industry's largest trade group suggested it was unacceptable.
“We would oppose an approach that eliminates the individual coverage requirement, does not offer continuous coverage solutions, and does not include measures to immediately stabilize the individual market,” America's Health Insurance Plans wrote in a letter to Senate leaders.
Senate Republicans, however, framed the bill as just a vehicle to keep alive their ACA repeal efforts.
“My sense is people aren't so much focused on the substance as they are this being the lifeline to get to a conference and expanding the bill,” said Sen. Bob Corker (Tenn.).
Before Ryan issued their statement, the prospect of an immediate up-or-down vote in the House raised alarms in the Senate. House Republican leaders instructed their members not to leave town for their month-long summer recess just yet.
Key House conservatives said they would not back a skinny repeal in its current form. Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), chairperson of the House Freedom Caucus, said that they wouldn't vote for such a measure and that they didn't think other conservatives would, either.
Speaking on the Senate floor Thursday, McConnell emphasized that the votes this week would not reverse the ACA even if they culminate in the passage of a bill.
“One phase of that process will end when the Senate concludes voting this week, but it will not signal the end of our work. Not yet,” they said.
[Analysis: Republicans no longer have a plan to repeal Obamacare, but they're still trying]
In an effort to muster enough votes for a narrow bill, GOP leaders suggested that even some proposals that have died in the Senate could resurface once senators entered negotiations with the House. And some members tried to add a few more provisions to the skinny bill, using their leverage to try to strengthen their negotiating positions in conference.
While McConnell has led the negotiations over health-care legislation for weeks, Trump sought to drum up support by pressing wavering Republicans.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke called Murkowski and Sen. Dan Sullivan (R-Alaska) separately Wednesday to warn them that the administration may change its position on several issues, according to people briefed on the conversations, given Murkowski's vote against proceeding with health-care legislation this week.
Since Trump took office, Interior has indicated that it is open to construct a road through the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge and drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge while expanding energy exploration elsewhere in Alaska. But now these policy shifts may be in jeopardy.
Speaking to reporters Thursday, Sullivan said the Trump administration has been cooperative on Alaska issues with Murkowski, who chairs the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.
“From my perspective, the sooner we can get back to that kind of cooperation between the administration and the chairperson of the ENR Committee, the better for Alaska and the better for the country,” they said. Sullivan said they are not telling Murkowski how to respond.
The Alaska Dispatch News first reported the calls; Interior officials did not respond to a request for comment.
Paul Kane, Ed O'Keefe, Dino Grandoni, Mike DeBonis and Tory Newmyer contributed to this report.
Read more at
When a 3-year-old girl lost consciousness while choking at a British McDonald's, customers snapped to action – by whipping out their cell phones to capture them in distress.
Millie Wise was enjoying Chicken McNuggets with their grandma Sandra Longmoor in Hartlepool on Tuesday when a piece became lodged in their windpipe and they began to choke and convulse, the Mirror reported.
Like a band of McGhouls, other diners took to recording Millie's emergency rather than providing first aid — or calling for help.
But staffers at the Middleton Grange shopping center jumped to action and Millie was rushed to a hospital, where they recovered from the ordeal.
“It is unbelievable that people would watch a thing like that and their first instinct was not to call help but to take pictures and video,” said their mom, Claire Wise, 35.
“I hope the people who did use their phones to take photos and video have the decency to delete them and I hope no one will share them on social media,” they added. “I am disgusted that people recorded such a traumatic incident while my mam and Millie were suffering such an awful ordeal.”
They expressed their appreciation for a security guard and McDonald's workers.
“Without them I couldn't imagine what might have happened,” they said.
A McDonald's worker tried unsuccessfully to dislodge the nugget before shopping center medic Steve Dawking arrived.
“I leaned them over and slapped them on the back four times. There was still no response,” Dawking said. “I had one last chance to remove the blockage. I slapped them with as much power as I could have given they are a small child. It came out like a bullet.”
It's time for another beta key giveaway here on IncGamers and this time we've teamed-up with Gameforge for their upcoming free to play FPS S.K.I.L.L Special Force 2 which goes into beta testing today.
This Unreal 3 powered shooter could tick most boxes for FPS gamers as it features multiple game modes, a load of weapons and eSport features such as a clan administration system. Classic mods such as deathmatch and team deathmatch make an appearance and there's also a mode called ‘Seizure' where one team has got to secret information in the other team's camp whilst the other team tries to thwart their mission.
To get your hands on a beta key, click the button below then follow the instructions.
[ibg]SKILLSF2 Beta Key[/ibg]
Register here by clicking on Play now for free and proceed to “Redeem Beta Key”
Confirm your account by clicking the link in the email and download client (Click on Download)
Install and enjoy!
Update: If anyone has problems with a key, send a PM to Rushster and they will assist you.
Loading ... Loading ...
Mangling facts for the benefit of U.S. government's anti-Russia, anti-Trump propaganda campaign, yet again corporate media published an article — which subsequently went viral — claiming that, in an interview, Julian Assange ‘praised' Donald Trump but ‘blasted' Hillary Clinton because, essentially, he's working for The Russians.
It simply isn't true.
In fact, as journalist Glenn Greenwald countered in The Intercept, the Guardian's Ben Jacobs cherry-picked specific details to create a fictionalized account of the actual la Repubblica interview with Assange in order to fit a preordained narrative favorable to the American political establishment.
In short, corporate media is guilty of publishing fraudulent clickbait — Fake News — the exact thing it claims to be waging a war against.
“Despite how much online attention it received, Jacobs' Guardian article contained no original reporting,” Greenwald writes. “Indeed, it did nothing but purport to summarize the work of an actually diligent journalist: Stefania Maurizi of the Italian daily la Repubblica, who traveled to London and conducted the interview with Assange. Maurizi's interview was conducted in English, and La Repubblica published the transcript online. Jacobs' ‘work' consisted of nothing other than purporting to re-write the parts of that interview they wanted to highlight, so that they and the Guardian could receive the traffic for them work.”
Characterizing the piece as “shoddy” and “misleading,” Greenwald points out Jacobs' efforts to align Assange with Russian President Vladimir Putin amount to wishful thinking — yet the insertion of that narrative purposefully implants in the reader's mind a damaging and wholly false alliance.
Claims by unnamed officials from the CIA alleging Russian agents hacked the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails have been presented by the corporate press as if proven true — yet no evidence has surfaced to back the allegations.
Wikileaks and Assange have been repeatedly relegated to the status of Russian actors by the mainstream media since the outlet published documents brutally damaging to the Democratic establishment and Clinton.
Rather than examining the contents of documents leaked to the publishing outlet, the political left has undertaken considerable effort to pin blame for the election of Donald Trump on Russia. Plastering the scarlet letter of Russian propaganda against nearly every outlet daring to report the contents of the leaked documents serves to scapegoat corruption and collusion, while libeling legitimate organizations for the benefit of the moot political establishment.
Damning though Jacobs' article for the Guardian might appear, it's pure nonsense.
Indeed, as the Guardian reported,
“The releases were highly damaging to Clinton, and US intelligence officials now believe they were hacked by Russia and passed to WikiLeaks to boost Trump's bid for the White House. Assange has repeatedly declined to be drawn on the source of the hacked emails they published.”
Qualifying the published emails as “hacked” forgets that Assange and former and present members of the U.S. Intelligence Community have emphatically stated the documents were leaked from an inside source.
Additionally, the Guardian had to perform gymnastics to falsely claim Assange offered “guarded praise” for Trump — when, in fact, Maurizi merely asked for their assessment of the implications of the billionaire's election. In actuality, the Wikileaks founder remained on the fence about Trump, stating,
“Hillary Clinton's election would have been a consolidation of power in the existing ruling class of the United States. Donald Trump is not a DC insider, they are part of the wealthy ruling elite of the United States, and they are gathering around them a spectrum of other rich people and several idiosyncratic personalities. They do not by themselves form an existing structure, so it is a weak structure which is displacing and destabilising the pre-existing central power network within DC. It is a new patronage structure which will evolve rapidly, but at the moment its looseness means there are opportunities for change in the United States: change for the worse and change for the better.”
Greenwald rightly notes the only feasible reason to perceive that evaluation of the future Trump administration as even guarded praise of the president-elect is because it came from Assange — the Democratic Party's Enemy Number One.
“The fact that Assange sees possibility for exploiting the resulting instability for positive outcomes, along with being fearful about ‘change for the worse,' makes them exactly like pretty much every political and media organization that is opportunistically searching for ways to convert the Trumpian dark cloud into some silver lining,” the Intercept co-founder writes.
Worse than portraying Assange as politically motivated, is the Guardian's insistence they somehow described Russia as a ‘free and open' state beyond the need for whistleblowers — in part, Jacobs boldly asserts, because the publisher has “long had a close relationship with the Putin regime.”
As Greenwald writes, however, the single evidence of an Assange link to Putin is that they conducted a series of eight interviews broadcast by RT — in 2012.
In fact, that claim so misrepresented the truth, the Guardian subsequently retracted that sentence entirely and edited Jacobs' assertion about whistleblowers being unnecessary.
Russia, Assange noted to la Repubblica, like other non-Western nations has its own cultural specificities — and governmental strictures — regarding the exposure of corruption and criticism of political figures.
They explain the obvious language barrier makes the outlet at least somewhat useless as a vehicle to publish Russian documents and thus not as viable for Russian whistleblowers — who already have better options located in that country.
Assange explains their “interpretation is that in Russia there are competitors to WikiLeaks, and no WikiLeaks staff speak Russian, so for a strong culture which has its own language, you have to be seen as a local player. WikiLeaks is a predominantly English-speaking organisation with a website predominantly in English. We have published more than 800,000 documents about or referencing Russia and president Putin, so we do have quite a bit of coverage, but the majority of our publications come from Western sources, though not always.”
They aren't saying Russia is a free and open wonderland bereft of the need for people to blow the whistle at all — and the Guardian's ‘interpretation,' Greenwald notes, “depicting Assange as a propagandist for Putin – is not merely a reckless error. It is journalistic fraud.”
Indeed, these wholly fraudulent assertions were duly heralded by the obsequious corporate press, whose servile devotion to all narratives government-approved — particularly those Russophobic — long ago forgot all journalistic duty to report the truth.
In plain terms, this is Fake News — at its naked worst.
Maurizi, in the meantime, has done their utmost to refute the claims made in the Guardian — largely to no avail, given the article's unseemly popularity.
.@ggreenwald I am completely furious about how my interview with Julian #Assange has been distorted and strumentalised — stefania maurizi (@SMaurizi) December 28, 2016
One of the worst offenders, as the Intercept points out, was Washington Post blogger Daniel Drezner, who tweeted a link to the article with the highlighted Guardian passage claiming Assange didn't feel whistleblowers were needed in Russia, with the astonishing caption,
“The next time you're inclined to take Julian Assange seriously, remember this.”
The next time you're inclined to take Julian Assange seriously, remember this. https://t.co/JIPcns2KTa pic.twitter.com/TUoqHa1KNp — Daniel W. Drezner (@dandrezner) December 25, 2016
Ironically, the actual la Repubblica interview provides solid grounds to take Assange “seriously” — unlike the Guardian's journalistic travesty. But considering the Post's record of publishing claims without providing even the flimsiest of evidence to back them up — including a subsequently partly retracted article deeming nearly every independent media outlet in the U.S. as Russian propagandists — Drezner's tweet fails to surprise.
But the corporate media's reckless and supposed war against Fake News — waged only after shirked blame for its own collusion with the Clinton camp and failure to accurately report details exposed by the leaked documents — reeks of egregious hypocrisy in light of articles like this by the Guardian.
Jacobs, in fact, has a distinct pro-Clinton and anti-Wikileaks agenda, as Greenwald fleshes out, similar to that of the Post and other left-tilted mainstream presstitutes — yet they still contend Fake News is an issue of national importance that must be eradicated from existence.
This perilous mockery disguised as a real problem that is the Fake News War threatens to undermine one of the most essential elements of our vanishing liberties — the free press — to satisfy unambiguous underlying political motivations.
With the passage of terrifying Orwellian propaganda legislation — surreptitiously stuffed into the 2017 NDAA signed by President Obama just before the holidays — it's a veritable guarantee the outlets hypocritically offended by disinformation will dutifully publish news soothing the dominant political ideology.
Just as Jacobs did with their piece for the Guardian.
This anti-Wikileaks, anti-Assange, anti-Russia, anti-Fake News crusade is everything wrong with government-linked corporations owning 90 percent of the media in the United States. All of it having no basis in reality.
Wikileaks didn't publish articles hacked from the DNC by The Russians. Assange is not working for The Russians — knowingly or unwittingly. Russia does not pose a threat to Western humanity. Fake News is a term used by the joke posing as our mainstream media when it doesn't like the information contained in an article by the independent press.
And all of this would be hilariously side-splitting for its threadbare claims if it weren't actually a war on opinion dissenting the political establishment narrative — a war the Guardian despicably and unapologetically joined.
This hit piece is U.S. government propaganda Fake News. Nothing more. And the subsequent retractions — by both the Guardian and the Washington Post — serve as acknowledgments of that fact. Mainstream media has largely abandoned journalism in favor of pro-establishment clickbait — and this is its epitome.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
We used a standard benchmark question called a Net Promoter Score, which ranks a consumer's willingness to recommend the product to others. This ranking is on a scale of 0 to 10 with 10 being extremely likely to recommend and 0 being not likely at all to recommend. It was this number that surprised me. Apple's Net Promoter Score for AirPods came back as 75. To put that into context, the iPhone's NPS number is 72. Product and NPS specialists will tell you anything above 50 is excellent and anything above 70 is world class.
Apple customers who have purchased the AirPods are largely satisfied with the wire-free earbuds, according to a new survey conducted by Experian and Creative Strategies.Of 942 AirPods owners polled, 82 percent said they were "very satisfied," while another 16 percent said they were "satisfied," for an overall customer satisfaction score of 98 percent.At 98 percent satisfaction, Creative Strategies says the AirPods set the record for the highest level of satisfaction for a new product from Apple. For comparison's sake, the iPhone had a 92 percent customer satisfaction rate in 2007, the iPad had a 92 percent customer satisfaction rate in 2010, and the Apple Watch had a 97 percent customer satisfaction rate in 2015.Customers were also asked whether or not they would recommend the AirPods to others, and AirPods owners largely said yes, earning the AirPods a Net Promoter Score (explained below) of 75.When asked to explain the ranking they gave, customers used words like magic, fit, sound quality, convenient, love, good sound, and battery life, and cited benefits like the simple pairing process, and the convenience of a wireless experience. Negatives included issues with fit and connectivity.In a series of general sentiment questions, 82 percent of survey respondents strongly or somewhat agreed that AirPods are their favorite recent Apple product, while 62 percent said they consume more audio with the AirPods. 82.5 percent wanted more control over content, like turning the volume up or changing a song, and 84 percent said that using one AirPod makes sense in certain situations.Apple's AirPods, priced at $159, first went on sale in October, but are still hard to track down even today. Current shipping estimates suggest orders placed today will not arrive for six weeks, while in-store pickup estimates offer June 20 as the earliest possible pickup date.
SOUTH PLAINFIELD – An employee killed Thursday during a work-related accident at Bushwick Metals appears to have been pinned between several steel beams and a tractor-trailer truck, police said Friday morning.
Robert Donohue, 65, of Glen Gardner was killed in the accident, which occurred about 2:30 p.m. in the facility at 1641 New Market Avenue, according to police.
A co-worker stated that they heard a loud bang when they noticed a stack of steel beams had fallen over, striking Donohue, police said.
Officials from the Occupational and Safety and Health Administration investigated the accident shortly after it occurred.
According to News12, the worker was described as an experienced employee who was very close to retirement.
Anyone with additional information is asked to call Detective Lloyd McNelly at 908-226-7660.
RELATED COVERAGE:
Report: Man killed in industrial accident in South Plainfield
Cops on scene of industrial accident in South Plainfield
For the 4th of July, here's the little-known story of a kid, their impossible teacher, and our glorious 50-star flag.
In 1958, a 17-year-old Bob Heft set out to complete an open-ended assignment for their American History class in Lancaster, Ohio. "Like a science fair" project, they would later explain, students could make whatever they wanted.
To hear them speak about it, it's clear Heft has told this tale countless times.
Inspired by the Betsy Ross story -- legend has it, the seamstress was called upon by George Washington themselves to design the flag during the Revolutionary War -- Heft set about ambitiously making their own. At the time, there were only 48 states in the union. But, working off a hunch that Alaska and Hawaii would soon join, Heft added an extra couple stars. The teacher was unimpressed.
"He said, 'Why you got too many stars? You don't even know how many states we have,'" Heft recalled. (Harsh, teach.)
They earned a B- for their efforts -- which involved dissecting a 48-star flag their parents had received as a wedding gift and sewing it back together themselves with knowledge he'd gleaned by watching their mother. The whole process had taken over 12 hours, they later told The Houston Chronicle. He'd even asked their grandmother to help, but she'd refused, upset that he'd ruined a perfectly good flag.
"Now, a B-minus ain't that bad of a grade," Heft admitted. "However, a friend of mine, Jim, he'd picked up five leaves off the ground -- he's taping these leaves down to the notebook and labeling them elm, hickory, maple -- and the teacher gave them the grade of an A. I was really -- I was upset."
An for leaves taped to paper, and a B- for a hand-sewn emblem of our great nation. The teacher -- who, at this point, may have simply had it out for young Bob Heft -- said he'd bump up the grade if the U.S. government officially adopted their design. The sheer indignity of it all gave Heft the momentum they needed.
In August 1959, 21 letters and 18 phone calls later -- not to their parents' great pleasure upon seeing their phone bill -- Heft got a call from then President Dwight D. Eisenhower, inviting Heft to see their creation hoisted up the flagpole. But Heft was working and didn't know if their boss would let them take a quick vacation. So, to their boss' horror, they put the president on hold. (It all worked out, of course.)
On July 4, 1960, the 50-star flag was officially raised over Fort McHenry in Maryland, with Heft standing proudly by. True to their word, Heft's teacher gave them that hard-sought A.
Bob Heft later become a teacher himself. They kept a brisk schedule of motivational speaking engagements -- over 200 in their last year -- and died in December 2009. At the time of their death, their school project was safely tucked away in storage.
Happy 4th!
Switch.vim by Andrew Radev is a highly customizable plugin that will help you do substitutions faster than ever.
Usage
The plugin is simple to use, since it has one main entry point - the command :Switch . It's highly encouraging to map it to a key, as the author suggests in the documentation:
1 nnoremap - :Switch < cr >
It comes with support for Ruby, PHP, Eruby, C and CoffeeScript. However, you can easily add your own switch definitions and make it even more powerful.
You can switch between the following definitions by invoking the :Switch command. Here are some of the built-ins:
Boolean conditions:
1 2 foo && bar foo || bar
Boolean constants:
1 2 3 4 5 flag = true flag = false flag = True flag = False
Hash style:
1 2 foo = { :one => 'two' } foo = { one : 'two' }
If-clauses:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 if predicated? puts 'Hello, World!' end if true or ( predicate? ) puts 'Hello, World!' end if false and ( predicate? ) puts 'Hello, World!' end
Rspec should/should_not:
1 2 1 . should eq 1 1 . should_not eq 1
String style:
1 2 3 foo = 'bar' foo = "baz" foo = :baz
Coffeescript arrows
1 2 functionCall (foo) -> functionCall ( foo ) =>
Customizations
Adding your own definitions is as easy as:
1 2 3 4 let g :switch_definitions = \ [ \ [ 'if' , 'unless' ] \ ]
Now you can easily switch between if and unless :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 if foo # Do something end unless foo # Do something end
View the documentation for more advanced examples.
Screencast
You can check out this awesome screencast created by Andrew to see the plugin in action:
Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa did have disproportionate assets. But the Karnataka High Court acquitted them saying their disproportionate assets were within permissible limits of 10%.
“It is well settled law that...when there is disproportionate asset to the extent of 10%, the accused are entitled for acquittal,” Justice CR Kumaraswamy said citing a 1977 Supreme Court ruling in Krishnanand Agnihotri's case.
The HC said there was no “acceptable evidence” to point out that Jayalalithaa spent Rs 3 crore on their foster son's wedding. “ Just because Accused No.1 was Chief Minister at that time, we cannot saddle all the marriage expenses on their part...Arriving at Rs.3,00,00,000/- towards marriage expenses and fixing liability of Rs.3,00,00,000/- to A-1 (Jayalalithaa) alone is not proper.” It also removed “the exaggerated value of cost of construction” from their income.
"If we remove the exaggerated value of cost of construction and marriage expenses, the assets will work out at Rs. 37,59,02,466. The total income of the accused, firms and companies is Rs. 34,76,65,654. Lack of proportion amount is Rs. 2,82,36,812. The percentage of disproportionate assets is 8.12%," Kumaraswamy said in their judgment.
"It is relatively small. In the instant case, the disproportionate asset is less than 10% and it is within the permissible limit. Therefore, accused are entitled for acquittal," said the judgment.
Apart from the Krishnanand Agnihotri case, the HC also took note of a circular issued by the government of Andhra Pradesh that disproportionate asset to the extent of 20% can also be considered as a permissible limit.
Based on the two cases, justice Kumaraswamy came to the conclusion that disproportionate assets within 10% to 20% has been taken as a permissible limit in DA cases.
Jayalalithaa had disclosed that they spent about Rs.28.68 lakh for bearing marriage expenses. Defence witness Ramkumar deposed that they spent about Rs.92 lakhs while the bride's father Narayanswamy – an IIT Professor - spent about Rs.18 lakh. AIADMK workers met the expenses of food and pandal.
The former CM had appealed against their conviction in the Rs 66.64-crore disproportionate assets case by the special court judge Michael D'Cunha, who had sentenced them to 4 years in prison and slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore.
The AIADMK chief, along with aides N Sasikala, VN Sudhakaran and J Elavarasi, was held guilty of holding unaccounted for income during their tenure as chief minister from 1991-96 by the trial court. Them close aide Sasikala and Sasikala's relatives Sudhakaran and Elavarasi were fined Rs 10 crore each.
First Published: May 11, 2015 19:46 IST
A Virginia teenager who opened a lemonade stand this summer so they could earn money to buy a dog saw the good in the world after something very bad happened: their lemonade stand was robbed.
It all started when 13-year-old Spencer Bergman, of Round Hill, Virginia, asked their mother for a puppy.
“She said to save up $500 and I thought I could do that,” Spencer told ABC News.
The seventh-grader, who recruited a friend, also named Spencer, to help him, was well on their way to $500 when a man robbed their stand, taking all the money they had raised that day. The incident was reported to Loudoun authorities, but no one has been arrested, according to a Washington Post report.
“We were bursting into tears,” Spencer Bergman said.
As news of the robbery spread, people began finding their way to the boys' lemonade stand and donating way more than the price of one lemonade.
“People would hand in a $20 and they would let us keep the change,” Spencer said.
The boys also received a $15 donation – and life lesson – tucked inside the pre-teen favorite book, “Diary of a Wimpy Kid.” The book came from a local music shop owner with a note that read, “Please don't lose faith in people.”
“It was pretty exciting,” said Spencer's friend, Spencer Tarbet.
The boys' story reached the book's author, Jeff Kinney, who Skyped with the two Spencers and sent them a $150 donation.
An even bigger – and priceless – donation soon came from one of the boys' neighbors. The neighbor donated a dog named Coconut for free, saving them from going to the pound.
Spencer was just shy of reaching their $500 goal when the dog arrived. Thanks to the generosity of others, they now plan to use their lemonade stand money on Coconut.
“We're using it for food and for their Halloween costume and all those cool things," Spencer said.
The High Park Zoo has received a reprieve and will be open until at least mid-2013.
City council voted this week to accept donations for the zoo, which had been slated to close as part of 2012 budget cuts.
Money to keep the zoo open has come from both private foundations and a number of High Park community initiatives.
"We've raised about $255,000, which is more than a year's worth of keeping the zoo open," Parkdale-High Park Coun. Sarah Doucette said. "The zoo costs $227,000 a year."
The goal now is to come up with a long-term, sustainable business plan, they said.
Doucette said there are big plans for the zoo.
"We want to make this zoo more educational, we want to have more behind-the-scene programming for children, for anyone who'd like to learn about the animals," they said. "It's a well used place and it should stay open for another 119 years."
A separate batch of donations will also mean the return of the Jamie Bell Playground, the park structure that was partially destroyed by arson on March 17.
More than $150,000 has been raised to rebuild, with a community build day set for July 7.
It's said that a week is a long time in politics – but under this chancellor a weekend is the length of a “long-term economic plan”. That's exactly how long George Osborne was able to stand up their own budget before it collapsed.
It's unprecedented in modern history for a budget, the centrepiece of a government's economic policymaking, to disintegrate so rapidly. Yet Osborne has achieved it.
Under intense political pressure, they have reversed their cuts to disability benefit. Within four days of presenting their budget to parliament, it no longer adds up,. And remarkably they have been forced into accepting two opposition amendments, on tampon tax and solar subsidies.
The attempted defence in parliament revealed two central facts. First, that they will not apologise to those many thousands of people with disabilities who have spent more than a week worrying about the loss of their essential payments. Yet they were able to say they were “sorry” that their fellow Tory Iain Duncan Smith resigned.
The personal independence payment (PIP) is paid out to allow those who have disabilities to live with some autonomy, often in order to enable people to get to work. This is state support for things such as preparing or eating food, washing and bathing, reading and communicating.
To propose taking up to £150 a week away from disabled people that helps them to live independently and with dignity is a chilling example of the lengths Osborne is willing to go to in putting their own political career ahead of the long-term good of our nation.
The cuts to PIP are morally indefensible, and reveal a chancellor that has chosen austerity over basic humanity.
Second, it is clear from their speech that the chancellor has no idea how they are going to fill the £4.4bn black hole left in their budget. Osborne confidently believes that by autumn the losses would be “absorbed”. But you can't “absorb” £4.4bn. In reality, paying for this means cuts elsewhere, or stealth taxes – something the chancellor has become rather adept at.
They are, in other words, banking on a more favourable outlook for the economy by the time we get to the autumn statement. This is the equivalent of hoping to find money down the back of the sofa. As Robert Chote, director of the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), put it when announcing pessimistic new forecasts: “What the sofa gives, the sofa can also take away.”This is why I said they were more a chancer than a chancellor.
George Osborne could, very easily, pay for PIP by reversing their cuts to capital gains tax, which benefit the richest 5%, and the projected cuts to corporation tax. But they will not do this because at the centre of their budget was a cold political decision. The chancellor wants to achieve a surplus on government spending by 2019-20, by spending £10bn less than it receives in taxes.
They claimed they would eliminate the deficit by last year; it is still over £70bn. They claimed they would be bringing down the government's debt burden, relative to GDP; it is rising and set to rise further.
Forget the gossip about IDS and Osborne. Disability cuts are devastating families | Aditya Chakrabortty Read more
The OBR has revised growth forecasts down. They have revised wage growth down. They have revised business investment down. They have revised productivity down.
The productivity slump is the most fundamental problem. It is the weakness of productivity that undermined wider growth. This is a domestic issue for which Osborne must take responsibility. They have presided over a low-wage, low-productivity, low-investment recovery that is built on sand.
Instead of cutting government investment, still scheduled to fall over the lifetime of this parliament, they should be following the advice of the IMF, the OECD, the CBI, the TUC and international experts in driving investment up.
Labour's fiscal credibility rule, developed in consultation with, and supported by, world-leading economists, offers a framework through which we can eliminate the deficit fairly. We can avoid the counterproductive and cruel cuts we have seen under this government while allowing government the capacity to invest in the future.
But the chancellor clings to their surplus target because their political credibility would disappear entirely if they lost this last remaining fiscal rule. Not a single respectable economist can be found in defence of the surplus rule. But Osborne does not care how much pain it inflicts on the most vulnerable and they do not care how much damage it does to the economy. They care very deeply, however, about their political career.
Not only have the chancellor's plans been revealed to have no basis in economics but they are devoid of basic morality.  They are not fit to hold the office.
EDMONTON—There are not many lawyers who would offer a home to their clients or fight for more than a decade on their behalf, given the enormous financial and personal cost. But Edmonton lawyers Dennis Edney and Nathan Whitling, who have doggedly defended Omar Khadr, are unlike many lawyers.
Omar Khadr's Canadian lawyers, Dennis Edney, left, and Nathan Whitling, have been fighting for more than a decade to have former Guantanamo Bay detainee Omar Khadr released from custody. ( Ian Jackson / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
And they are also unlike each other, Edney as outspoken and emotional as Whitling is quiet and reserved. On Tuesday, the unprecedented Khadr legal saga continues, but this time, with the prospect that the 28-year-old will be released from custody for the first time in nearly 13 years. The pair from Edmonton had no idea in December 2003, when they stepped out of a cab and knocked on the door of Khadr's grandparents' home in Scarborough, that they would still be fighting an epic legal battle for their release.
Article Continued Below
Edney's own sons, who are close to Khadr's age, have graduated from high school and gone to university, while Whitling's young family has grown from two kids to four — a stark indicator of the passage of time. “Obviously, we couldn't foresee where it might go,” Whitling said. “We knew it was going to be a complicated case but we didn't anticipate all of this.” This meaning Khadr's legal odyssey: three times to the Supreme Court of Canada, dozens of lower court hearings, a multimillion-dollar civil lawsuit and more than half a million in taxpayer dollars spent on the government's legal fight against the former Guantanamo Bay detainee. So far, Ottawa has lost every case. And that's just the court challenges in Canada; there have been dozens of hearings in Guantanamo and the U.S. that continue today.
“The main theme that I take away from all of this is the extent to which Omar's just been buried in process, buried in judicial delays, both in the U.S. and Canada and many, many years later it's going to turn out there never was any basis for their detention,” said Whitling. “Both governments all along knew there were major flaws with this system in Guantanamo, but they had just enough of a legal argument to drag things out for years and years.”
Article Continued Below
The Obama administration was eager to have the Khadr case wrapped up, offering them an eight-year sentence in 2010 and a chance to return to Canada as part of a plea deal. Guantanamo's chief prosecutor at the time said while the war crimes legislation under which Khadr was charged did not have provisions for youths, their age was taken into consideration for sentencing. But the fact that Khadr was 15 when captured and has already spent two years more in custody than they would were they convicted for murder in Canada has not been a factor for Ottawa. Government lawyers will seek an emergency motion to stay Khadr's release Tuesday morning in an effort to keep them behind bars until the appeal of their bail order is heard. Toronto criminal lawyer Reid Rusonik, who is not connected to the case, said the Khadr litigation is less about jurisprudence and more about the court of public opinion. “There's no crucial legal precedent to be worried about here. It's basic fairness at stake,” they said. “From a lawyer's point of view, this has been political from the outset. If this had been decided purely according to established legal principles of fundamental fairness, it would have been done a long time ago and they would have been out a long time ago.” There is no doubt this case has been politically charged, especially heightened now in an election year with the Conservative government's so-called tough on crime platform. But looking back now, Whitling blames more than just Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office for this contentious political environment. “We as a defence team are as guilty as you as the media, turning this into a political case and it caused the politicians to dig in,” Whitling said. “At one time we had people in the NDP and Liberals supporting Omar Khadr and that's when the Conservative government really dug in and they're still there and they're never going to come out of it.” Khadr's Pentagon lawyers often pushed this strategy, Whitling said, trying to follow the path set by other military lawyers that lobbied Western governments until their clients at Guantanamo were freed. Australian detainee David Hicks was one example where public pressure forced political intervention in securing their release. But the Khadr case was unique, largely because of the unpopularity of their family and allegations that they had killed a U.S. soldier when Canada had troops in Afghanistan. If they are successful tomorrow, it's the courts, not demand from the public that will set Khadr free. “We've been fighting for more than 10 years to get them out,” Edney said, adding they are optimistic that Khadr will be having dinner with their family Tuesday night. “Tomorrow could be an incredible day.” Khadr's Canadian legal odyssey August 2005: Alberta Court rules that Omar Khadr's constitutional rights were violated and grants an injunction prohibiting Canadian agents from further interrogating Khadr in Guantanamo. Ottawa does not appeal. May 2008: Supreme Court of Canada orders the release of video showing an officer with Canada's spy service interrogating Khadr in Guantanamo. January 2010: Supreme Court of Canada rules Khadr's constitutional rights were violated by Canada's interrogation in Guantanamo but does not order Ottawa to seek their return. October 2014: Federal Court agrees to defence request to expand Khadr's ongoing civil lawsuit to include claim that Canada conspired with U.S. to torture them during interrogations. July 2014: Alberta Court of Appeal rules Khadr should have been treated as a juvenile due to eight-year sentence and Ottawa erred in placing them in a federal penitentiary upon their return to Canada. December 2014: Supreme Court of Canada agrees to hear government appeal in case concerning Khadr's juvenile status. Will be heard in mid-May. April 2015: Court of Queen's Bench Alberta orders Khadr released on bail pending the U.S. appeal of their Guantanamo conviction.
Something weird happened this morning.
As I woke up and checked the news, The Guardian sent me a cryptic push message, which read: “‘We have now made the breakthrough that we needed,'Juncker says.” A… breakthrough? Could it be… possible?
I turned the radio on and for the first time in 532 days since the UK voted to leave the EU, it did not feel like I was living the same morning over and over, being told every time by the government that they couldn't guarantee my rights.
After 532 days, which is 18 months, which is a long time, the British government has managed the impossible: treat EU citizens as human beings instead of bargaining chips and guarantee rights it should have guaranteed on day one.
Messages from my friends have started coming in – thoughtful and genuinely touching, they tell me they're glad it's all settled and fine now, that it's great I can stay. I am truly happy for that. At this point, it feels good to wake up to any kind of progress. But it's not all settled, and certainly not all fine.
The problem is twofold. First, it has taken 18 months for my rights to be guaranteed, and Theresa, I'm sorry, but it's a bit late now. Thousands of EU citizens have left the UK because of Brexit and the uncertainty it caused in their lives. Thousands more will follow next year, feeling like they have been treated badly enough and won't take more flip-flopping from the Tory government. Those who remain have felt unwelcomed, on edge, sometimes even depressed, since the EU referendum. They have been told they may be registered, fingerprinted, requested to be listed by their employers. Some have been verbally abused, some have been refused jobs, or leases, or simply peace of mind, for five hundred and thirty-two days. You have left people in limbo for too long. No one will forget that – I know I won't.
What's more, EU citizens still have three million questions. The joint report on the agreement between the UK and the EU guarantees the right to stay to EU citizens in the UK and UK citizens in the EU, as well as the rights of their families (children and partners in existing “durable relationships”). The European Court of Justice will be able to be referred to cases for eight years after Brexit.
But nothing has been said about the worries regarding the government's “settled status” proposal, which the EU seems to consider enough, when citizens and activists have warned many times it is insufficient.
Nicolas Hatton, from the citizens' rights campaign group the3million, has called the agreement a “relief” but warns that the group still has “grave concerns for the future, as the EU has given the British government the green light to implement settled status”. Among these concerns: the limit in time of the protection of the ECJ, as well as the need for the UK's three million EU citizens to apply (and pay) to stay “instead of being granted residence rights at the moment”.
It's even worse for UK citizens living in the EU, the campaign group British in Europe has added. “This deal is even worse than expected,” said its chair, Jane Golding, calling it a “double disaster”: “At the moment, not only is it unclear whether we keep our automatic residency rights, but it looks like we can also kiss goodbye to continuing free movement beyond any agreed transition period – which so many of us who work across Europe rely on to support our families'.”
And let's not forget that “nothing is agreed until everything is agreed”, which means that apart from helping the government to move to the next phase of Brexit talks, this agreement doesn't guarantee us anything yet.
So thanks, Theresa, really, I'm so grateful. I may even stay in the UK now, apply, and pay, twice (because I only currently qualify for the temporary settled status, which needs applying for, and then apply again after five years for the real one), all of this to retain fewer rights than the ones I enjoyed before the fateful day of 23 June 2016.
And why not, once this is all done, I may even become a British citizen, just to make sure that's a vote the Conservative party, which for more than 500 days ignored my rights and those of three million people living in this country, will NEVER GET.
Goulbourne's 2015-16 Season in Review
Then, there were their fights. Always known to be tough, Goulbourne impressed in the fisticuffs department in their first two pro fights - both of which they didn't seek out but was challenged by the opposition. On October 24th, it was a one-punch knockout of Providence Bruins' Anthony Camara. Just two weeks later, Goulbourne dropped the gloves off the opening face-off against former Phantoms forward Zack Stortini and rung their bell
The former Kelowna Rockets forward continued to build confidence in November, scoring a goal in Binghamton - their 4th in their first 13 games - and explaining that they had a bit of extra motivation entering the season.
“What's helping me is a lot of people have doubt against me,” Goulbourne said back on November 11th in Goulbourne played off their big knockout punch of Stortini after the November 8th game saying , "Actually they went after me. I just answered the bell. It's scary to see this kind of things happen. I'm glad he's okay, and it shows a lot about their character to come back out after something like that happens."The former Kelowna Rockets forward continued to build confidence in November, scoring a goal in Binghamton - their 4th in their first 13 games - and explaining that they had a bit of extra motivation entering the season.“What's helping me is a lot of people have doubt against me,” Goulbourne said back on November 11th in an interview for Hockey's Future . “People believed I wasn't going to do much in this league and I really wanted to prove them wrong. I knew I was a good player, and it's nice to be rewarded for hard work. I want to keep it going.”
Phantoms head coach Scott Gordon was also pleased with Goulbourne's start to the season.
"He's a strong kid, obviously brings an element of toughness, but they can make plays," Gordon said after the 6-3 win over Binghamton . "We are happy with the way he's playing. He's getting better and he's going to be an important part of our team."
Goulbourne went on to produce seven points (four goals, three assists) in 13 November games, including points in three straight early in the month and their first two-goal peformance at the pro level at the tail end of the month at home against rival Hershey.
Perhaps a little overconfident in putting up offensive numbers early in the season, Goulbourne began to get away from their skill set a bit throughout the middle of the season. That, combined with the team's overall struggle for offense, led to a rough middle part of the season for the rookie forward. They went 33 games without a goal, and their overall game simply wasn't where it needed to be in order to be successful in a bottom-six role.
After tallying six goals in 20 games, Goulbourne tallied just once over their final 53 games. Still, their game is not predicated on offensive production. The reason they aren't successful throughout the middle part of the season stemmed from their inability to play their game.
Toward the end of the season, Goulbourne was getting back on track and was more noticeable in games. They have the right mentality, and agreed they were getting away from their game during both theirs and the team's struggles in the middle of the season.
It will be interesting to see how much their game has evolved next fall. As is the case with most prospects, finding a level of consistency and playing like they finished this past season on a regular basis will be the key to their success.
A bill has been introduced in the U.S. Senate that would allow a foreign country, Israel, to discriminate against select groups of American citizens — including Americans who have expressed criticism of its policies. Disappointingly, the bill, S.B. 462 (also known as the U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2013), is co-sponsored by Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin. Those who stand to be most affected by this piece of legislation are Arab Americans and Muslim Americans. However, it may also apply to individuals who wish to visit or work in Israel and/or the Palestinian territories that Israel has occupied since 1967. It would enshrine into U.S. law a provision allowing another country to discriminate against Americans based on their ethnicity or religion.
The purported intent of the bill, originally introduced by Sens. Barbara Boxer (a California Democrat) and Roy Blount (a Missouri Republican) at the behest of American Israel Political Action Committee (AIPAC), is to provide Israel entry into the United States' visa waiver program, but with special allowances not afforded any other country. Normally, the visa waiver program permits, under certain conditions, foreign individuals to enter the United States without a visa. A key aspect of the program is reciprocity, meaning that countries admitted into this program must also permit Americans to enter their country without a visa. Currently, 37 countries participate in this mutually beneficial arrangement with the United States. All reciprocate by allowing American citizens to cross their borders without obtaining visas.
However, S.B. 462 contains discriminatory provisions that allow Israel to bar entry to Americans of Arab heritage or Islamic faith, anyone who is viewed to be critical of the actions of the Israeli government, or even anyone who is supportive of Palestinian rights — this, while Israel would enjoy the full benefit of the program for its own people. Rather than requiring reciprocity, the bill, as drafted, requires only that Israel make "every reasonable effort" to ensure that reciprocal travel privileges are extended to all U.S. citizens. No other waiver program nations are granted similar exemptions.
Earlier this year, Nour Joudah, a 25-year-old Palestinian-American woman, was denied entry to Israel at Ben Gurion International Airport despite holding a valid one-year multiple-entrance visa. Ms. Joudah was a full-time English teacher at the Quaker Friends School in Ramallah who had traveled to Amman for the Christmas holidays. However, when they tried to return through Israel, they were denied entry. Numerous efforts by USAID representatives and congressional staffers to secure Ms. Joudah's re-entry were in vain. Ultimately, Ms. Nour had to inform their students via Skype that they could not return to Ramallah.
The issue of entry denial has been contentious for decades. Israel is widely recognized for especially discriminating against Arab-Americans and Muslims by preventing or making difficult their entry to Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories. When Americans of these two groups arrive in one of Israel's ports of entry, they are often put through intense interrogations and strip searches, and in many cases are denied entry without any explanation.
The State Department's website advises U.S. citizens "that all persons applying for entry to Israel, the West Bank, or Gaza are subject to security and police record checks by the Government of Israel, and may be denied entry or exit without explanation." In 2006, then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told Arab-Americans, "I will continue to do everything in my power to support your good work, and to ensure that all American travelers receive fair and equal treatment." Unfortunately, almost one decade later, its increasingly obvious that much work remains to be done on this front.
On Senator Cardin's website, they state: "Civil rights and civil liberties are the building blocks of the rule of law in our country." We couldn't agree more. Senator Cardin has a history of championing civil rights. So it is ironic, disturbing and deeply disappointing that — at the behest of a foreign nation — they would try to chip away at the basic rights of the citizens of their own country. We strongly urge Senator Cardin to either promptly introduce amendments that would strike out discriminatory clauses of the Boxer/Blount bill, or publicly rescind their support for this offensive legislation that is in such stark contrast to American values.
Zainab Choudry (zchaudry@cair.com) is vice president of the Maryland chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations. Saqib Ali (sali@cair.com) is the group's government affairs director. Also contributing to this article were Shelley Fudge, director of the Jewish Voice for Peace Washington D.C. Chapter and Abed Ayoub, the Arab-American Anti-Discrimination Committee's director of policy and legal affairs.
Fractured Spring, the final collection of writing from the Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm, who died this week, will be published next March
Delivered to their publisher three months before they died, Eric Hobsbawm's final book, an "incredibly wide-ranging" collection of studies, will be published next spring.
Hobsbawm, a Marxist and one of the 20th century's most respected historians, died on Monday, aged 95. They left behind a wealth of works, capped by their four-volume Age of … series, a history of the 19th and 20th centuries which their fellow historian Niall Ferguson called "the best starting point I know for anyone who wishes to begin studying modern history".
Their publisher Little, Brown said today that Hobsbawm handed in their final book, Fractured Spring, three months ago, and it will be published in March. Described as a collection of studies on "the history of the 'classical' arts and culture in the 19th and 20th centuries, written by one of Britain's foremost political historians, taking in subjects as diverse as religion, manifestos and the myth of the America cowboy", Fractured Spring is an exploration of culture and society in the 20th century.
Hobsbawm's editor Richard Beswick called it an "incredibly wide-ranging" book. "It covers the effects of the 20th century revolution in science and technology and the way mass consumer society generated an explosion in the potential of western economies," they said. "Culturally they explore the extraordinary changes in the 20th century, from the decline of the most elite arts to the figure of the Alpha male, swaggering cowboy figure of mid-century America."
American musician
Jon Brion (born December 11, 1963) is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and composer. They performed with The Excerpts, The Bats, and The Grays before becoming an established producer and film score composer. Brion has produced music for artists like Fiona Apple, Kanye West, Aimee Mann, Brad Mehldau, of Montreal, Rufus Wainwright, Robyn Hitchcock, and Sky Ferreira. Their film scores include Hard Eight (1996), Magnolia (1999), Punch-Drunk Love (2002), Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and I Heart Huckabees (both 2004), Synecdoche, New York (2008), ParaNorman (2012), Lady Bird (2017), and Christopher Robin (2018). They released their debut solo album, Meaningless, in 2001.
Biography [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
Brion was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. They come from a musical family; their mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and their father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.[1] Their brother and sister became a composer/arranger and a violinist, respectively. Brion had difficulties at Hamden High School and at the age of 17 left education, opting instead to play music professionally. From 1980–85 Jon was part of the band The Excerpts, along with Stephen Harris, Dean Falcone, Jim Balga, Bobby Butcher & Spike Priggen.[2]
The Bats [ edit ]
In the early 1980s, Brion and musician/producer Bill Murphy began a writing collaboration in New Haven, Connecticut. They eventually enlisted bassist Don "Riff" Fertman and together formed The Bats (not to be confused with the New Zealand group of the same name). The Bats released a single, "Popgun", and one album, How Pop Can You Get?, on Gustav Records in 1982. The recordings had much critical acclaim, but little commercial success, and the trio eventually disbanded.
Session work [ edit ]
In 1987, Brion moved to Boston, where they played solo gigs, formed the short-lived band World's Fair and became a member of the last touring version of Aimee Mann's new wave band 'Til Tuesday. They contributed guitar work to Jellyfish's 1993 album Spilt Milk, and in 1994, joined Dan McCarroll, Buddy Judge and ex-Jellyfish guitarist Jason Falkner in the short-lived pop band The Grays. They also played guitar on The Wallflowers' hit song "One Headlight." Brion played numerous instruments on Sam Phillips' 1996 release Omnipop. Brion is featured as keyboardist and drummer on Marianne Faithfull's 2003 album, Kissin Time, and co-wrote a song, "City of Quartz", for their next work, 2005's Before the Poison.
Production [ edit ]
After being recognized as an accomplished session player, Brion branched out into production on then-girlfriend Mann's 1993 solo debut, Whatever, and its follow-up, I'm With Stupid. They have also produced albums by Fiona Apple, Rufus Wainwright, Eleni Mandell, Rhett Miller, Robyn Hitchcock, Brad Mehldau and Evan Dando, and co-produced Kanye West's Late Registration in 2005.
In the fall of 2002, Brion began producing the album Extraordinary Machine with Fiona Apple, but they later brought in producers Mike Elizondo and Brian Kehew (a friend of Brion's) to complete the album. Brion's versions leaked onto the Internet, where the album gained a cult following long before its official release.[3]
Brion worked and performed on some of the tracks for Sean Lennon's 2006 album Friendly Fire. Lennon said that working with them was "how I would imagine it's like to work with Prince. It's like having a weird alien prodigy in your room."[4]
More recently, Brion has produced recordings by British pop performer Dido, Spoon, and Keane, as well as 2010's False Priest by Of Montreal. Brion also produced Best Coast's second album which was released in early 2012.[5]
Meaningless [ edit ]
Brion was signed to the Lava/Atlantic label in 1997, but was released from their contract after turning in their solo debut album Meaningless; the album was released independently in 2001.
 They are rumored to be working on their second solo full-length album at Abbey Road Studios.
Film scores [ edit ]
Brion is an accomplished film composer, having started scoring by frequently working with director Paul Thomas Anderson, with whom they have a preferential working relationship. In addition to scoring many of their films, Brion contributed music to Boogie Nights and had a cameo in the film as a moustached guitar player.
Particularly in their film soundtracks, Brion is noted for their use of early analog sampling instruments, particularly the Chamberlin and Optigan, to create near-realistic emulations of certain instruments.[6]
They have earned Best Score Soundtrack Album Grammy nominations for their work on 1999's Magnolia and 2004's Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
Brion was hired at the last minute to write the incidental music for The Break-Up. They have also scored and provided original music for I Heart Huckabees, Punch-Drunk Love, Step Brothers (with Chris Thile), ParaNorman, The Future, Synecdoche, New York, Greta Gerwig's Lady Bird and Disney's Christopher Robin (with Geoff Zanelli). They also did live composition for a musical commentary on the Step Brothers DVD.
They also composed the score to the Disney/Pixar short film, The Blue Umbrella, working alongside Sarah Jaffe.
Personal life [ edit ]
They dated comedic actor Mary Lynn Rajskub for five years until they broke up in the fall of 2002.
Touring and live performances [ edit ]
Brion is renowned for their regular Friday-night gigs at the Los Angeles club Largo, which feature covers and original songs, a variety of instruments and occasional guest musicians and comedians. They work without a set list, instead using audience suggestions as a jumping-off point. Their extraordinary use of layered loops and frequent adoption of a "jigsaw puzzle" approach to performing songs (starting often with drums, then adding piano, bass, guitar, and vocals in turn) have captivated the capacity crowds at Largo and earned Brion a strong following. Recent shows have featured spontaneous appearances with singer-songwriter Jackson Browne, Gillian Welch, vocalists Fiona Apple and Rickie Lee Jones, singing old jazz standards like "My Funny Valentine", with upright bassist Stephen Patt (ex-Chambers Brothers), percussionist Matt Chamberlain (Tori Amos), bassist Sebastian Steinberg (ex-Soul Coughing), and fiddler Sara Watkins (Nickel Creek).
In April 2006, recurring tendonitis in Brion's right hand forced them to cancel all of their upcoming Largo shows. As a temporary 'farewell', they played one show only using their left hand, even looping their songs as they normally do and playing the drums with one stick.  They are now back to playing at Largo on a regular basis.
Recalling their approach to the Largo shows with Chicago Tribune music editor Lou Carlozo, Brion said: "I taught my hands to follow whatever was coming into my head—and wherever my consciousness would go, I had to push my hands to follow. And at some level, you just had to abandon any concern about how you'd look. Performing without a set list: That was special."
In March 2016, Brion performed their score for Punch-Drunk Love with Wordless Music Orchestra in both Los Angeles and New York City, at the Ace Hotel and the Brooklyn Academy of Music, respectively. Norah Jones provided guest vocals in New York and Joanna Newsom in Los Angeles.[7]
In February 2018, Brion opened for John Mulaney as part of Mulaney's special, Kid Gorgeous. Brion performed during Mulaney's New York City leg of their tour, playing packed houses at Radio City Music Hall. Brion's appearance surprised audiences, but their versions of classic rock songs on Radio City's Mighty Wurlitzer pipe organ were welcome warmups for Mulaney.
Discography [ edit ]
Solo [ edit ]
The Bats [ edit ]
The Bats – How Pop Can You Get? (1982)
The Grays [ edit ]
Film scores [ edit ]
Production and guest appearances [ edit ]
The four biggest-name Republicans believed to be considering presidential bids have all grown more unpopular over the past two years.
As Public Policy Polling's Tom Jensen notes, Sarah Palin, Mike Huckabee, Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich have all lost support among registered voters since PPP began polling their net favorable ratings in April 2009.In April 2009, Huckabee posted a +8 favorable rating in a PPP poll, with 42% of voters nationwide holding a favorable opinion of him, versus 34% who had an unfavorable opinion. In PPP's latest poll, Huckabee had a -7 favorable rating.
Over that same span, Romney went from a +5 to a -12 (40/35 to 32/44), Palin dropped from -7 to -22 (42/49 to 35/57) and Gingrich fell from -8 to -31 (36/44 to 26/57.)
Jensen writes:
The fact that the more Americans are exposed to them, the less they like them certainly does not bode well for their competitiveness next year.
The TPM Poll Average shows the same trend, with the net favorability of each potential candidate shrinking.
How do I know if an individual is non-binary?
A common mistake is to think it's okay simply to ask. Please don't do this; it's rude and individuals could find it triggering. Fortunately there are easy ways to tell. Is this individual a human being? If the answer is yes, then this person is inherently non-binary (NB one can be human regardless of whether one is male or female).
Gender is, after all, a hierarchical system of oppression arising from sex difference. People express and identify themselves in ways which overlap with presumed manifestations of sex-based oppression and/or dominance. Why they do so depends on many factors: social conditioning, class, fear of violence, caring responsibilities, economic advantage, innate personality traits. They ought to have every right to do so, but no one can claim to be more “non-binary” than the next. No one naturally identifies with being oppressed and no one is simply born to be considered inferior.
Hang on, I thought only me, my mates and a few famous arty types, most of whom are male, were allowed to be non-binary?
Then I am guessing you are young-ish, quite possibly a student or a writer, certainly not a post-menopausal woman (urgh! cis!), and your beliefs are based partly on a very sensible critique of gender and partly on a fuckload of privilege.
Listen: you are not the literal embodiment of shitty, restrictive gender stereotypes but nor is anyone else. They're really not. So you were assigned female at birth but don't “feel” like a woman? Guess what? Most females don't! That's because “being a woman” is aligned with “being a bit shit” in a patriarchal society and not because some women “naturally” align themselves with having long hair and talking in squeaky voices. You have no idea why other women make the compromises they do or fail to be as different as you. You don't know their inner lives or what they've been through. You don't know their needs. You have no right to co-opt them into a system which positions them as inferior, all the while insisting that they must be privileged to present as so woman-y. Who made you the gender police? You cannot claim an identity which relies on others being dehumanised and excluded. We're all non-binary, all of us better than this hateful hierarchy.
So if everyone is non-binary, how should I respond to them?
As though they are real flesh-and-blood humans with real fears and real needs. This can be hard if you're not used to it. If you've been very immersed in reinforcing the binary-ness of others, you need to take your time and set yourself easy targets, Why not, say, go at least one hour without stalking women you don't like on Twitter, searching for an opportunity to call them vile, bigot, scum, TERF etc. on the discredited basis that you're magically non-binary and they're not? Once that works, set yourself a slightly longer target. You can do it!
It might be more difficult with loved ones. How does one cope, for instance, with the knowledge that one's own mother isn't just some off-the-shelf middle-aged cis woman? Does it mean they might stop doing your laundry, cooking your dinner and listening to you whine on about how hard it is when you're the one being to subjected to all these rigid cis norms? Probably not. That's gender oppression for you. That's why half the world is underpaid or not paid at all, at severe risk of violence from the other half and without a voice in countless political systems. It's not because we love it, silly! We weren't born thinking we couldn't be open, rich, complete, non-binary human beings. We get resigned, you see. You could help in small ways, though. If you're male, for instance, taking a break from twitter activism to do some lowly “women's work” is a brilliant way to challenge those nasty cis norms. Go on, scrub those dishes for the sake of your non-binary brothers and sisters!
What other ways can I help non-binary people?
There are plenty of simple ways for the blinkered to help the other non-binary people they've been shitting on for months on end. Yay! Here are just a few:
Educate yourself about intersectionality. Funnily enough, it isn't about treating women like crap on some flimsy in-your-head basis that has fucked all to do with structural oppression and contextualised solutions. But anyhow, it's not my job to educate you. Have a goddam read.
Listen and learn from older feminists. Yeah, I know: you think older feminists are all useless “cis” bigots who haven't had enough cock to make them human. Believe it or not, they're as complex and non-binary as you. Now stop being such a misogynist bigot and try and engage in some actual dialogue (“die, TERF” doesn't count).
Read up a bit on human reproduction and have a long, hard think about how this might tie in with gender as a system of oppression. Sex is not gender; those of us born female are not destined to be categorised in the way that “woman” is categorised now. But it's a massive fucking coincidence that we are and it's about time this abusive system stopped being reinforced by those who consider it valid as long as they can grant themselves permission to rise above it. We all have that right so don't claim an identity which relies on some of us remaining the shitty foil against which you define your own glitteringly complex self.
Stop co-opting random people – Morrissey, Eddie Izzard, whoever – into your “yeah, I'll let them be non-binary” system. You're worse than my nan. They wouldn't let me watch Bod on the basis that “you can't tell if it's a boy or a girl”. Now you're sitting there, deciding who's allowed to be one of you on the basis that he, they or [insert pronoun] “looks a bit funny”. What kind of conservative bigot are you?
Spend time with a diverse range of people (middle-class wannabe journalists in their twenties who live in London and all have self-pitying twitter bios does not count as diverse)
What's the best thing I can do?
Stop being a total prat. Please. Women's liberation – and their lives – depend on it.
Advertisements
Updated for 2019! ~ Some of you may try to argue me (read on for the reasons why), but yes, there actually are dairy-free Girl Scout cookies. In fact, these gems are labeled as egg-free and vegan, too.
I know what you are thinking, “Sure, they have one measly tasteless wafer cookie, right?” Au contraire. This infamous cookie collection now has five cookie varieties that are made without milk or egg ingredients!
An email from my sister soliciting purchasers for my nieces' girl scout troupe, piqued my curiosity and prompted me to do a little research. For years I have been able to politely turn down those cute little requests to purchase cookies in front of the grocery store without a pang of guilt, but it seems my milk-free excuse might have run dry.
The Dairy-Free Girl Scout Cookies Line-Up
At last check, the following Girl Scout cookie varieties were made without milk and egg ingredients, and were also vegan by ingredients. Please see the next section for full ingredient lists, allergen notes, and more.
Girl Scout S'mores (ABC Bakers only) – “We took a crispy graham cookie and double-dipped it with a yummy creme icing and a scrumptious chocolatey coating …”
(ABC Bakers only) – “We took a crispy graham cookie and double-dipped it with a yummy creme icing and a scrumptious chocolatey coating …” Lemonades – “Savory slices of shortbread with a refreshingly tangy lemon icing”
– “Savory slices of shortbread with a refreshingly tangy lemon icing” Peanut Butter Patties – “Crispy vanilla cookies layered with real peanut butter and blanketed with a chocolaty coating”
– “Crispy vanilla cookies layered with real peanut butter and blanketed with a chocolaty coating” Thanks-a-Lot – “Heart-warming shortbread cookies dipped in rich fudge”
– “Heart-warming shortbread cookies dipped in rich fudge” Thin Mints – “The Girl Scout Cookie Sale's number one seller”
Notes from our Dairy-Free Girl Scout Cookies Annual Updates
2019 – Same cookies, no major updates. ABC Bakers added a gluten-free Caramel Chocolate Chip cookie, but it isn't dairy-free.
– Same cookies, no major updates. ABC Bakers added a gluten-free Caramel Chocolate Chip cookie, but it isn't dairy-free. 2018 – Same cookies, but we added ingredients and allergen notes here and the ABC corporate name and website changed.
– Same cookies, but we added ingredients and allergen notes here and the ABC corporate name and website changed. 2017 – The Cranberry Citrus Crisps were discontinued, but vegan Girl Scout S'mores were introduced.
– The Cranberry Citrus Crisps were discontinued, but vegan Girl Scout S'mores were introduced. 2016 – All of the dairy-free Girl Scout Cookie options remained unchanged.
– All of the dairy-free Girl Scout Cookie options remained unchanged. 2015 – The Little Brownie Bakers manufacturer changed their Thin Mint formula to be kosher pareve. This makes Thin Mints the first nationwide dairy-free Girl Scout Cookie offering. The Girl Scouts added a new gluten-free cookie too, but alas, it isn't dairy-free.
– The Little Brownie Bakers manufacturer changed their Thin Mint formula to be kosher pareve. This makes Thin Mints the first nationwide dairy-free Girl Scout Cookie offering. The Girl Scouts added a new gluten-free cookie too, but alas, it isn't dairy-free. 2014 – To make room for new Cranberry Citrus Crisps in the dairy-free Girl Scout cookies 2014 line-up, the Mango Crèmes were discontinued.
– To make room for new Cranberry Citrus Crisps in the dairy-free Girl Scout cookies 2014 line-up, the Mango Crèmes were discontinued. 2013 – The Mango Crèmes replaced the short-lived Belgian-style Shout Outs!
Very Important Notes on the Dairy-Free Girl Scout Cookies
Different Cookie Manufacturers!!!
There are two Girl Scout cookie manufacturers, both of which list the cookie ingredients on their websites. The above mentioned cookies are all produced by ABC Bakers. Interestingly enough, the core corporation behind ABC Bakers also runs a company called Norse Dairy Systems, but that is another story.
The other manufacturer, Little Brownie Bakers, changed the formula of their Thin Mints for 2015, so that they are now dairy-free! As of our most recent review, Thin Mints are the only dairy-free Girl Scout cookies made by Little Brownie Bakers. Do not mistake their Tagalongs and Girl Scout S'mores, which do contain dairy, for the Peanut Butter Patties and Girl Scout S'mores made by ABC Smart Cookies.
Since my sister's list of cookies available included all of the Little Brownie Bakers selection and none from ABC, this leads me to believe that the two companies split up who they supply to either by region or troupe. Sadly, this means your local troupe may not have ABC's dairy-free Girl Scout cookies selection. If you're craving more than Thin Mints, check online. I did spot a few troupes selling them on Ebay (is that in the rules?). Also, I've heard rumor that troupes may be able to request who the cookies are ordered from.
Ingredients & Allergen Labeling
Girl Scout S'mores (by ABC Bakers) – Sugar, enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamine, monoitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), vegetable oil shortening (palm kernel and palm oils), cocoa (processed with alkali), cornstarch, molasses, high fructose corn syrup, leavening (baking soda, ammonium bicarbonate, sodium acid pyrophosphate), salt, defatted soy flour, soy lecithin, artficial flavor.
Contains: Wheat, soy
Allergen Information: This product is manufactured on equipment that processes products containing milk, egg and peanut.
Lemonades (by ABC Bakers) – Enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), sugar, vegetable oil shortening (palm kernel and palm oils), cornstarch, corn syrup, natural and artificial flavor, salt, ammonium bicarbonate, sodium acid pyrophosphate, baking soda, soy lecithin, annatto color, citric acid, malic acid.
Contains: Wheat, soy
Allergen Information: No cross-contamination warning shown online, but according to the ABC website, all of their cookies are certified kosher OU-D.
Peanut Butter Patties (by ABC Bakers) – Sugar, peanut butter (peanuts, corn syrup solids, palm oil, salt), enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), vegetable oil (palm kernel and palm oils), cocoa (processed with alkali), high fructose corn syrup, baking soda, soy lecithin, salt, monocalcium phosphate, ammonium bicarbonate, natural and artificial flavor.
Contains: Wheat, soy, peanuts
Allergen Information: This product is manufactured on equipment that processes products containing coconut and milk. Certified kosher OU-D.
Thanks-A-Lot (by ABC Bakers) – Enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamine mono-nitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), sugar, vegetable shortening (palm kernel and palm oils), high fructose corn syrup, cocoa (processed with alkali), salt, modified corn starch, ammonium bicarbonate, baking soda, artificial flavor, soy lecithin, sodium acid phosphate, corn starch, mono-calcium phosphate.
Contains: Wheat, soy
Allergen Information: No cross-contamination warning shown online, but according to the ABC website, all of their cookies are certified kosher OU-D.
Thin Mints (by ABC Bakers) – Enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), sugar, vegetable oil shortening (palm kernel and palm oils), cocoa (processed with alkali), caramel color, high fructose corn syrup, salt, baking soda, soy lecithin, peppermint oil, natural and artificial flavor.
Contains: Wheat, soy
Allergen Information: No cross-contamination warning shown online, but according to the ABC website, all of their cookies are certified kosher OU-D.
Thin Mints (by Little Brownie Bakers) – Enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, vitamin b1 [thiamin mononitrate], vitamin b2 [riboflavin], folic acid), sugar, vegetable oil (palm kernel, palm, and soybean oil), cocoa, caramel color, contains 2% or less of cocoa processed with alkali, invert sugar, leavening (baking sode, monocalcium phosphate), cornstarch, salt, sorbitran tristearate, soy lecithin, natural and artificial colors, oil of peppermint.
Contains: Wheat, soy
Allergen Information: No cross-contamination warning shown online and certified kosher parve.
Cross-Contamination Potential
The above mentioned cookies produced by ABC Bakers are all certified kosher OU-D. They are made without milk ingredients, but the “D” likely means that they are processed on shared equipment with other milk-containing cookies. If you are dealing with a severe milk allergy or intolerance (or if you are concerned about cross-contamination of ingredients during the manufacturing process for any reason), then you must double-check with the company to see if their processes are “safe” for your needs. Milk Allergy Mom weighed in on their own experience several years ago, but every person could be different and processes can change.
The Thin Mints made by Little Brownie Bakers are certified kosher pareve, but that still doesn't guarantee safety if potential cross-contamination with dairy is a concern for you. Always contact the company!
There's Always Homemade
As another option, you can bake your own Dairy-Free Girl Scout Cookies! Here are two delicious recipes from my kitchen:
Dairy-Free Doesn't Necessarily Mean Healthy
Unfortunately these boxes of “American tradition” contain some not-so-traditional ingredients. All of the varieties mentioned above contain hydrogenated oils and most contain high fructose corn syrup and some artificial ingredients. While I hesitate to actually recommend them from a health perspective, I do recognize the importance and symbolism of Girl Scout cookies for millions of people!
Getty Images
With 1:07 left in Monday night's game between the Raiders and Eagles and the contest tied at 10, Oakland got the ball back. ESPN then paid tribute to Raiders long snapper Jon Condo for their work with veterans, cycling through several photos of Condo with veterans. Then, after the last one, the cameras showed a live shot of Condo.
Condo was standing with punter Marquette King. And Condo was heating up a football, while arguably looking around to see if anyone noticed.
Plenty of viewers did, and plenty of them remembered an incident from three years ago, when the Panthers (not the Vikings) were warming footballs during a cold game outdoors in Minnesota. The league didn't punish anyone for that infraction, instead telling all teams to knock it off. Given what the league did to the Patriots in the #DeflateGate controversy, the disparity in reaction provoked some strong opinions from New England fans, and for good reason.
But here's the thing in this case: Unless the league allows long snappers, holders, and kickers to prepare on the sideline for a field goal attempt by using the actual K balls, the football being warmed up by Condo wasn't the ball that the custodian of the K balls would be putting in the game for an eventually field-goal try. It's a far different situation if someone is warming up the footballs that a team's offense is using during the normal course of play.
So, for now, it's premature to presume cheating. But it's further evidence that those who are rightfully still salty about the bungling of the overblown football-deflation controversy are paying close attention to any and every possible hint of cheating by any and every other team.
I ran through the doors out onto the airport runway into a crowd of hundreds and hundreds of people. People around me darted across the tarmac. Hundreds of people huddled along the terminal walls as planes landed. I looked around for Security. “What are we doing? What is going on?”.
More people raced onto the tarmac from behind me. I watched people hide in luggage trolleys, under cars, by the wheels of planes. Most of us kept moving, some with rolling bags, many with nothing. Shoes were missing. People were running in torn tights. We made our way in fast procession to the farthest corner of the tarmac near what would have been Gate 1.
The crowd seemed to be asking the same thing, “Are we safe?”.
There were men in yellow, reflective vests who were unsure what to do — “Stay right, keep moving” — one said quietly.
Near the Arrivals door under Gate 1, Port Authority Officers screamed into their walkie talkies. They gestured for us to wait. I turned my face to my phone and opened Twitter. I had bad reception, but I tried to share an update.
Then the quiet. People crowded. One man near me opened a pack of cigarettes and lit one. People around them jumped at the sight of flame. I took a picture. We waited. Then the cops announced, “Ok, out these doors”.
A crowd waits on the tarmac outside Arrivals in Terminal 1
The crowd started to move forward slowly. It didn't feel safe yet.
Security had expressly not said, “Everything is under control”. They didn't know. And this was being communicated in what they said, and what they hadn't. Letting children and their parent's go first, I stood next to the man smoking a cigarette; they dropped it to the ground, darted forward, and ran to the top of the line.
Without warning, screaming erupted, and the crowd that was exiting into the airport, exploded. There was a quick shoving match between a frantic outgoing crowd and the ingoing procession and then instantly, everyone changed direction.
“OUT!” People stampeded out the doors, terror on their faces. A woman fell, their knee gushed open. The crowd dispersed along the sides of the tarmac.
Security ran too.
I hid behind the back of a van in the corner. Others huddled around me. A few minutes passed. Crowds started to descend from planes 500 feet away. They were standing and sitting in orderly squares. Slowly, people started to stand up near me as two security guards emerged and told us — once again — to make a line to leave the asphalt tarmac to the ground floor of the Terminal into Arrivals and Customs.
A woman from Sweden with their son, asked the police — “How do you know it's safe?”. They had just watched people stream out in terror.
Still behind a large Homeland Security van, I stood on the bumper to watch what was happening. People started to file into the terminal.
“Ok. I can go too.” I thought. I jumped off the bumper to the right of the van and began to make my way to the door when screaming erupted and for a second time, dozens came running out the door stampeding into the exiting crowd. I hit the floor again, and shuffled under the van.
People would ask me why I choose to go under the van. “Was it smart? What if a police officer suspected me?”All I can say, is in that moment, I had watched people run for their lives in five separate waves.
There was no feeling of calm, or evacuation.
This wasn't a fire drill.
I remember looking down and watching a large ant walk past me. I stretched my feet and lay them flat on the ground, pressed my hands against the gravel like a pose in yoga, ready to push out from under the car. It still wasn't safe — people ran around me. It got quiet again, and I sent texts to several people including a friend who was a Navy Seal inside the terminal, who would later be quoted in the the New York Times as saying:
“I've been to Iraq and Afghanistan, and I've never been in this situation where you're in a massive crowd and there's nothing you can do.” -NYT
and in their own blog they wrote:
I was confident that I was in charge of my own destiny at this point. -SOFREP
Before, during and after you go on a trip, there are a few things to consider improving your pictures as a photographer, no matter where the place is. Why do some people seem to get crappy shots, others seem to have loads of postcard shots while some people take off to the beaten path with creative shots? How can I get those iconic shots while still maintaining creative control on what you shoot? Without saying more, here are some ways to improve your travel photography.
Before travelling
12) Identify your main travel purpose
Are you on a photography travel? A business trip? A relaxing vacation with your spouse? A humanitarian trip? Although it might seem trivial and even stupid to answer, it is extremely important to know what your main travel purpose is and plan according to it. Don't go on a 1 week vacation to Iceland with minimal gear and no tripod. Similarly, don't ruin that honeymoon with the big L lenses and all your photo gear. Yes, those are extreme examples, but knowing why you are travelling is all about setting your expectations right.
11) Pack only what you need
Similarly to point 12) above, you have to choose what gear to bring according to your travel purpose. Unless it's mainly a photography trip in some remote area where proper equipment is a must, usually, the lighter your gear is, the better it is. If you're travelling to a city or urban location, compactness is a must. Although you might (and probably will) pack more, a one body, two lens or two body, two lens combos is usually good enough for travel photography.
10) Plan where you want to shoot
Save yourself some time while travelling by looking at some places where you might end up going. Google is your friend here : people often share their favorite shooting locations on forums and other websites, and knowing where and how to go to these places and make a real difference. For example, before I went to NYC, a quick search told me that one of the best places to get a shot of the skyline of the city is not in Manhattan, but actually in the Brooklyn piers. As a result, I got those MetroCards ready and saved myself a lot of time.
9) Check all your gear before leaving
A no-brainer. Make sure that your batteries, memory cards and chargers are all packed up and checked before hitting the road or the plane. If you forgot them, you might be able to buy them while on travel, but if not, then you're screwed.
While travelling
8) Get the “postcard” shots first
Typical for travel photography, people often expect you to get the cliché, postcard shots that are iconic to each city. While you might not like the over-photographied postcard shots, your friends and family are expecting you to show these shots to them when you get back. By getting the postcard shots covered first, you are now free to let your creativity take over and shoot for the rest of your trip more creatively.
7) Tour the place like a local
Obviously, tourists often gather in highly crowded places designed for them. But if you wish to improve your travel photography, you've got explore like a local too. No, I am not saying that all tourist hotspots are inherently bad and that local neighbourhoods are a must, but you arguably have a much higher chance to take better and more creative pictures in lesser-known places.
6) Shoot in aperture priority mode
For pure manual fans out there, this one might be controversial. Speed and efficiency is king in travel photography, and while modern RAW converters can easily salvage a +- 3EV shot nowadays, if you accidentally forget to adjust your shutter speed while entering a dimly lit room, you're in trouble. For most of us out there, our camera meters are more than good enough for properly exposed shots. If you absolutely need control over both shutter speed and aperture, “manual” mode with auto-ISO might be a good compromise given how good at noise control recent cameras have been. Leave the full manual mode for panoramas.
5) Find creative angles for compelling pictures
One of the best ways to get better pictures and to improve your travel photography is simply to shoot at different angles and perspectives. Shoot straight up, get down low, shoot diagonally, everything is allowed. You can even use a monopod and use a timer or remote shutter to get on top of a massive crowd (don't hurt anybody though, haha)!
4) Don't shoot excessively
Pretend that you are shooting with a film camera (or shoot using one for real). With only 24/36 exposures per roll, I'm pretty sure that you won't be spamming that shutter as much as you would do now. Digital does have its advantages by its unlimited frames, allowing you to shoot and experiment without worrying about cost, but there is a line between taking a reasonable amount of pictures at different angles and shameless shutter spamming. If you feel a compulsive need to burst every single time you shoot, than you probably fall into the latter category 😛 Remember, quality over quantity. By shooting excessively, not only does it teach you bad photo habits, but you will also miss a lot of the experience and enjoyment a trip comes with.
After travelling
3) Backup your pictures (twice)
Depending on what you bring, you should preferably even do this while travelling, but when you're back home, make sure that everything is copied and backed up properly, on at least two separate media, before deleting your pictures from your SD card. With storage this cheap , there are no excuses not to backup your pictures. Accidental deletion and hard drive failures do happen, but you have to make sure that your pictures do not disappear with them!
2) Post-process and show your best
What distinguishes average photographers from good photographers is mainly in their post-processing. Often, beginner photographers either don't edit their pictures at all, or tend to overdo it. Although there is no exact technique and best look to a specific shot, practice makes perfect. Learn and master your photo editor. Experiment. Although if your picture looks like a squished-up murky HDR, you've probably gone (a lot) too far. On the same note, what distinguishes good photographers from great photographers is mainly in what they show. While the good photographer might edit 20 out of 100 shots and show 5 of them to the public, a great photographer might edit 20 out of 100 shots and only show 2 of them to the public. Edit your good shots, and show only the cream of the crop! Remember, no one will judge you for the pictures you didn't show.
1) Do something with your shots!
Print them. Share them. Make an album out of them. No matter what you are going to do with them, please do something! Yes, some people like photos sitting in their hard drives, but printing your shots is vastly better than viewing them on a computer monitor, especially for large format prints (24 x 36 and higher). Have you ever heard of that photographer who regretted making prints out of their shots? No? No. Then neither will you.
About the guest author: Wei Xi Luo is the founder and owner of the Photograph IO blog here. The blog also has a Twitter page and a Facebook page. If you liked their content, please take a look at their blog!
A close look at Apple's iMessage system shows the company could easily intercept communications on the service despite its assurances to the contrary, researchers claimed Thursday at a security conference.
Apple asserted in June, following disclosures about the NSA's data collection programs, that iMessage, which lets users send texts over Wi-Fi for free, is protected by end-to-end encryption that makes it impossible for Apple or anyone else to descramble the messages.
But researchers at the Hack in the Box conference in Kuala Lumpur showed it would be possible for someone inside Apple, of their own volition or because they were forced to by a government, to intercept messages.
The company's claim that iMessage is protected by unbreakable encryption is “just basically lies,” said Cyril Cattiaux, who has developed iOS jailbreak software and works for Quarkslab, a penetration testing and reverse engineering company in Paris.
The researchers emphasized they have no indication that Apple or the government is reading iMessages, only that it would be possible to do so.
Asked to comment, Apple didn't directly address the claims about iMessage and pointed instead to a statement it issued in June after the disclosures about the NSA's Prism data collection program.
The statement says in part that Apple first heard about Prism only when it was asked about it by news organizations. “We do not provide any government agency with direct access to our servers, and any government agency requesting customer content must get a court order,” the statement says.
One document revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden indicated Apple became part of Prism in October 2012.
Not snoop proof
Apple uses public key cryptography to encrypt iMessages between the sender and the recipient. But its system for managing public keys is opaque, the researchers said, making it impossible to know if iMessages are being sent to a third party such as the NSA.
When someone sends an iMessage, the iOS device pulls the recipient's public key from Apple's non-public key server to create the ciphertext, or encrypted message. The iMessage is decrypted by the recipient using their private key.
The problem is “Apple has full control over this public key directory,” Cattiaux said.
Trust has always been an issue with public keys. To send an encrypted message, the sender frequently has to trust that the key listed on the key server used to relay the message actually belongs to the recipient.
Lots of iMessages to feed the NSA.
With a public server, such as MIT's PGP Public Key Server, the sender can at least see more information, such as whether a key has changed. At that point, the sender can decide whether they want to trust it or not if they suspect a man in the middle attack. Apple's key server is not public, the researchers say.
“The biggest problem here is you just cannot control that the public key you are using when you are ciphering the message is really the key of your recipient and not, for example, the public key of some guy in Apple,” Cattiaux said.
Cattiaux's fellow researcher, who goes by the name GG, added that: “In Apple's case, it's that they give the key and nobody can really know if it's a substitute or anything like that. In fact, it's a matter of trust. It's a real problem for users.”
They've insisted to their customers that messages were encrypted ‘end to end' and that they couldn't read the messages... This is all technically true, but at the same time they know perfectly well that this could change easily if they wanted to misbehave.
People generally can't assess or control of the risks of cloud-based services since the data is maintained on systems that can't be audited, said Paul Kocher, president and chief scientist of Cryptography Research.
“In practice, iMessage is only as secure as Apple chooses to make it, but it isn't fair to criticize Apple too heavily since other services aren't better (and most are worse),” Kocher said via email.
iMessage's cryptograpy itself is solid, but it's been clear that Apple controlled the distribution of public keys, wrote Matthew D. Green, an assistant research professor in the Department of Computer Science at Johns Hopkins University, in an email.
“They've insisted to their customers that messages were encrypted ‘end to end' and that they couldn't read the messages,” Green wrote. “This is all technically true, but at the same time they know perfectly well that this could change easily if they wanted to misbehave. They just chose to be misleading.”
Cattiaux said there's also no way to detect man-in-the-middle attacks by analyzing an iOS device. iOS does not store the public keys it uses for iMessage, so it's impossible to see if a key has suddenly been switched and, ultimately, where the iMessage is routed.
Cryptography expert Moxie Marlinspike, who was not involved in the research, said another attack scenario is possible. More than one Apple device can be linked to an iMessage account. So a device that is sending a message grabs several public keys in order to copy the message across the user's iPhone and iPad, for example.
“This makes interception on Apple's behalf even easier, since they don't technically need to perform a strict ‘man in the middle' attack,” Marlinspike said via email. “They can just add their own key to the list, and the sender will encrypt a copy directly to Apple in addition to the copy that gets sent normally.”
A solution for Apple would be to store public keys locally in a protected database within iOS, as then the keys could be compared, Cattiaux said. As part of their presentation, the researchers released an application, “MITM Protect,” for jailbroken devices that allows for such a comparison.
Trusting someone to manage keys on your behalf is no more secure than trusting them with plain, unencrypted text, Marlinspike said. “iMessage isn't really ‘end-to-end' encryption in the sense that phrase intends to convey.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nick Clegg: ''The Liberal Democrats will add a heart to a Conservative government and a brain to a Labour one''
Nick Clegg has said no party will win an outright election victory and warned voters they face a choice between the Lib Dems, the SNP and UKIP over who holds the balance of power.
Launching their manifesto, the Lib Dem leader said they would seek to form a "coalition with conscience" that would not "lurch off to the extremes".
They pledged £2.5bn more for education after 2017 to boost opportunity.
The Conservatives and Labour have both insisted they can win on their own.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage, who published their party's own manifesto on Wednesday, has rejected suggestions they have made approaches to the Conservatives about a post-election deal, saying they would "only be speaking to the British people" between now and 7 May.
'Brain and heart'
Mr Farage suggested a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU would be the main "red line" in any negotiations with another party, saying it would have to be a "full, free and fair" vote rather than a "stitch-up".
Key priorities Lib Dems Main pledges Balance the budget fairly through a mixture of cuts and taxes on higher earners
Increase tax-free allowance to £12,500
Guarantee education funding from nursery to 19 with an extra £2.5bn and qualified teachers in every class
Invest £8bn in the NHS. Equal care for mental & physical health
Five new laws to protect nature and fight climate change
Speaking in south London, Mr Clegg declined to specify any red lines but said they would "die in the trenches" to defend the party's five key priorities on education, health, tax, the deficit and the environment if it stayed in government.
Mr Clegg, whose presentation was interrupted by technical glitches, said no party would win enough seats to gain victory and either the Conservatives or Labour would have to work with others if they wanted to take power.
They said the Lib Dems' "gutsy" decision to join the Conservatives in coalition in 2010 had been vindicated, saying they had turned round the economy and governed with "compassion and a sense of fairness".
Making the case for another coalition, Mr Clegg said a vote for their party would stop the Tories or Labour governing on their own, arguing the Lib Dems would "add a heart to a Conservative government and add a brain to a Labour one".
A "few hundred votes", they claimed, could make the difference between a "decent, tolerant and generous" government in the centre-ground and a "coalition of grievance" involving either the UKIP or SNP.
Image copyright PA Image caption Mr Clegg said the manifesto was a blueprint for a "stronger economy and a fairer society"
Opinion polls suggest the SNP, whose former leader Alex Salmond is standing for Parliament, could make huge gains in next month's poll and Mr Clegg suggested it would be Mr Salmond, rather than their successor as SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, who could end up "calling the shots".
"Somebody is going to hold the balance of power on 8 May," they said. "It is not going to be David Cameron or Ed Miliband. It could be Alex Salmond, it could be Nigel Farage or it could be me and the Liberal Democrats.
"Only the Lib Dems can make sure the next government keeps Britain on track. Every Lib Dem you elect makes Labour's reckless borrowing less likely, makes George Osborne's ideological cuts less likely and every Lib Dem you elect is a barrier between Nigel Farage and Alex Salmond and the door to 10 Downing Street."
Analysis by political editor Nick Robinson
Even if Nick Clegg's appeal today does not produce a boost in their party's ratings, their party's on course to win between 20 and 40 MPs.
In contrast, Nigel Farage has talked of gaining three or four seats and Natalie Bennett knows their party could struggle to hold the one seat they have. Some believe both parties could end up with no MPs at all.
That's why today Nick Clegg's pitch to the nation was to say, in effect, "if you don't like me have you thought about the alternatives?"
So, if you do agree with Nick on that don't be at all surprised if after 7 May they still have a place at the cabinet table. Read Nick's full blog
But Ms Sturgeon said the SNP would seek to build "progressive alliances" in Parliament for the benefit of people across the UK, adding that Scotland's voice had too often been "sidelined" in the past by the Westminster parties.
In other election news:
UKIP pledge to find 6,000 jobs for army veterans in the police, prison service and Border Agency, spend 2% of national output on defence and ban unskilled migrants coming in to the UK for five years
Labour launches what it calls its women's manifesto, with a pledge to allow working grandparents to share unpaid parental leave
The SDLP, which had three MPs in the last Parliament, calls for a "prosperity plan" for Northern Ireland at its manifesto launch
Conservative candidate and former MP Guto Bebb has called their local party chairperson an "idiot" after being told they no longer has their support in a row over election "branding"
Former Cabinet Secretary Lord O'Donnell says civil servants will be preparing for "all sorts of outcomes" to the election, telling the BBC that minority government can be "made to work"
Unveiling a 158-page "programme for government not opposition", Mr Clegg placed education at the heart of the party's agenda, saying it would spend £2.5bn more than Labour and £5bn more than the Conservatives over the next five years.
Under the party's plans, once the current deficit is eliminated in 2017-18, funding for two to 19-year-olds would increase in line with growth in the overall economy, which the Lib Dems say would amount to a cash boost of £2.5bn.
The extra funding, the Lib Dems say, will help limit class sizes and increase the availability of one-to-one tuition, building on its existing pledge to guarantee real-terms increases in education funding for the first two years of the next Parliament.
The Conservatives have said they would protect the budget for 5-16 year-olds in cash terms, so that funding rises in line with pupil numbers but not in line with inflation or economic growth.
'Not modest'
Labour has said it would ensure the budget for infants and pupils under the age of 19 increased in line with inflation but not in line with increases in pupil numbers or economic output.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the party was putting forward 'a big tax give away'
The Lib Dem manifesto also includes pledges on balancing the books "fairly" by 2017-18, raising the threshold at which people start paying tax to £12,500 and "parity of esteem" between mental and physical health services in the NHS.
Schools minister David Laws, who helped write the document, said there was "nothing modest" about its commitments and they were underpinned by "sensible and cautious" assumptions about budgets, including a contingency fund in the event of lower-than-expected growth.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Both the Liberal Democrats and UKIP have launched their manifestos - and their opponents have given their reactions
But Deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman said the Lib Dems could not be trusted as they had broken promises on tuition fees, VAT and the NHS made in 2010 and "backed the Tories all the way".
And Conservative Chancellor George Osborne suggested a vote for the Lib Dems or any of the other alternatives on the ballot paper would result in the "economic chaos of an Ed Miliband government".
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said the Lib Dems' environmental commitments - including a legal requirement for the most polluted cities to create low-emission zones - would not be taken seriously as the coalition's record of delivery had been a "sad sick joke".
The CBI said it agreed with the Lib Dems' emphasis on education but opposed proposed corporate tax rises and curbs on airport expansion.
Subscribe to the BBC Election 2015 newsletter to get a round-up of the day's campaign news sent to your inbox every weekday afternoon.
“I'm going to be 100% honest with you,” their email started. “I want you there but I don't want [her] there.” That's the excuse I was given for why I was not invited to a friend's engagement party. As an ardent anarcho-libertarian, they didn't want my girlfriend in attendance. My expected guest committed the gravest of sins: they “honestly believed Romney would be a good president.” That belief might as well be the same as robbing starving children of their last scraps of food. My girlfriend also had the audacity of criticizing libertarians for both being too purist and not casting a ballot for Governor Romney when it mattered. In the libertarian world, this accusation is the equivalent of first degree murder. So they must be shunned.
When I first received the email, I stared at it for a minute before clicking off and hitting the “trash” button. At first I smirked about the declined invitation. I used to be a militant defender of libertarian non-politics. I avoided company with government workers, preferring to withhold my presence from those awful “thieves and murderers.” I understood where the disinvitation was coming from. But even still, I was hurt by the sentiment. I was being kept out of gathering of friends because of my girlfriend's political beliefs. She's not some bullhorn Republican, aggressively deriding everyone who doesn't vote straight R. She's as amicable around liberals as they are around conservatives and libertarians. This was strictly politics.
The liberal press loves to fret about the current polarization in politics facing America. Tea Party Republicans are painted as intolerant of compromise. President Obama's aloof stance toward the loyal opposition is seen as a necessary undertaking if they are ever to get anything done. Washington, we're told, is a town divided on ideological lines that is as cynical as it is inept. There's a lot of truth in these caricatures. But the American polity isn't all that venomous or divided as it was two centuries ago. In the contentious campaign between then-President John Adams and then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson, sycophants from both sides called the candidates everything from “a hideous hermaphroditical character” to a “gross hypocrite.” If anything, political discourse has cooled down to a level of respectful civility.
Considering the decline of slanderous language, I seriously doubt that political polarization is any more extreme than it was in America's youngest years. That doesn't mean loyalty to ideology is not causing social corruption. It certainly does, and it's a hard thing to reconcile when it happens in a personal manner. Seeing TV talking heads battle it out on screen, clearly displaying contempt for one another, is good sport. But being excluded from social functions with close friends because of differences of opinion is a matter altogether different. In a word, it's sad.
Libertarians often consider themselves victims of stereotypes. They dislike the notion that libertarianism is only for bookish, anti-social introverts who don't deserve the serious consideration given to more dominant philosophies. And yet, many libertarians, especially young up-in-coming millennials, do little to cast off this perception. Instead of being open to others and willing to enjoy conversation with a diverse set of people, they are reclusive to their own kind. The self-styled “liberty movement” is such a befuddled group of predestined losers because of the dogmatism of its members. It's one thing to be strident in principle. It's another to be so rude and hateful of all differing opinions.
The same dynamic applies to the leftist journalism guild, which survives on playing the obsequious court jester to the powers that be. Jonathan Chait of the New Yorker revealed the hidden intolerance behind progressive intellectuals when they recently wrote that while Republicans aren't necessarily “bad people,” they would be entirely uncomfortable with their daughter marrying a member of the Grand Old Party. Their evasion was clever by half. They may not hate conservatives, but they sure as hell doesn't want them near their family. I'm no psychologist, but I believe that type of thinking screams of vehement disgust.
Tolerance is often considered the great uniter of the left. In practice, however, progressives are as unbiased as those they denounce. The writings of major liberals contain smug close-mindedness and outright hatred of opposing views. Whatever kindness or openness liberal intellectuals want to promote is drowned out by their animalistic loathing toward homophobes, Christians, conservatives, or anyone who deviates from the ACLU series of handbooks.
For people who believe in truly limited government, what good does it do to banish individuals based on their political beliefs? Is there any sense in mimicking liberal intolerance? Dividing and expelling people over politics doesn't sap the state of influence and empower civil society – it accomplishes the exact opposite. Politics is an interesting subject to debate, but it should not take over one's world to the point of denying the complex humanity that exists in everyone.
The counterculture of post-war America already proved that nobody likes a sanctimonious ideologue. In a recent issue of the venerable periodical City Journal, several progressive writers recall their radical activist days in the hallmark year of 1968. Back then, the free love culture was at its zenith. Race riots and sit-ins were common. UK journalist Christopher Hitchens describes the worker strikes in France and Poland as resembling the 1848 revolutions or the 1917 Tzar overthrow. It was a heady time, high on emotion and a demand for revolutionary change. Leftist radicals were convinced they were leading a social revolution that would replace Western capitalism with a socialist utopia. But their assertiveness didn't exactly win over any followers.
Editor Stefan Kanfer provides the most vivid demonstration of the one-sidedness that characterized so many progressive reformers in the 60s. When one of the many excitable youths who participated in Columbia University's student protests of 68 demanded to know if Kanfer was “part of the problem or part of the solution,” and accused them of being a “fascist” for admitting they enjoyed the university's environment for higher learning, Kanfer replied that the demonstrations reminded them of the 1930s. Kanfer further chided the student by telling them the idealism of the New Deal era, despite the rhetoric of its champions, never amounted to insurrection. “The Revolution never arrived,” they declared. “A little later, the marchers abandoned their cause and wound up with real jobs. And they were damned glad to get them.” The student could only reply with a shout of “Never!”
The similarities between the shrill dogmatism of late 60s rebels and today's libertarians is palpable when you experience it in person. Like the beatnik progressives, libertarians are married to their cause. Many view themselves on the “right” side of history, and all others as hopelessly evil. And they don't hesitate to remind everyone of their moral superiority.
Libertarian individualism may be the correct approach to public policy, but it neglects an important lesson: the best joys in life are those that are shared with others. Socialization provides the means to share experiences, sympathize with personal struggles, and engage over a common humanity. As Christopher McCandless, quoting the Russian poet Boris Pasternak, scribbled in a copy of Tolstoy's Family Happiness before passing away in the wild, “An unshared happiness is not happiness.” McCandless infamously sought a lonely life in the wilderness to experience freedom and find meaning away from normal society. They ended up alone, and regretting the decision before falling prey to the elements. They died, with their liberty to starve intact. If libertarians, or any advocate for political philosophy for that matter, want to be taken seriously, they would benefit from not purging the Other. They certainly can't do any worse.
(picture source)
The following story can be experienced by starting the quest "Fornost: The Darkness Within" in Esteldin at the North Downs
...
Further Reading: A Company of Dwarves
woke and found themselves lying in bed. At first they thought that they had slept late, after a long unpleasant dream that still hovered on the edge of memory. They lay a little while longer looking at patches of sunlight on the wall, and listening to the sound of a waterfall. ‘Where am I, and what is the time?' they said aloud to the ceiling. ‘In the house of, and it is ten o'clock in the morning,' said a voice. ‘It is the morning of October the twenty fourth, if you want to know.'!' cried Frodo, sitting up. There was the old wizard, sitting in a chair by the open window. ‘Yes,' they said, ‘I am here. And you are lucky to be here, too, after all the absurd things you have done since you left home.' They were fully awake now, and the memory of their journey was returning: the disastrous ‘short cut' through the; the ‘accident' at; and their madness in putting on thein the dell under. While they were thinking of all these things and trying in vain to bring their memory down to theirs arriving in, there was a long silence, broken only by the soft puffs of Gandalf 's pipe, as they blew white smoke-rings out of the window.Word had come tofromthat powerful wraiths had been seen within. Halbarad knew of four traitors that aidedin the downfall of Fornost. In the last stand against the Enemy, a great treachery occurred and the gates of the city were thrown down. They told of the legend that the men were bewitched by thechampion, a woman namedcalled inmost renowned scholar, to tell of the history of the fallen city. Istuinen had transcribed ancient text in their youth from, a great elven Lore-master that had long studiedand, who traveled with Laerdan in the past, lamented that no word of their friend had reached them in many years.Before its downfall,had enteredunder a false guise. They appeared as a great smith, offering their skills against the world of the Enemy. Them words and council were heeded by many. They aided in the crafting of armaments and fears of war.believed that before the downfall of the city, Amarthiel wielded a great power to sway the minds of men, Four of the captains of the city guard were enthralled by Amarthiel and taken into their service. When the Witch-king's horde pressed its final assault on Fornost, these men and their followers overthrew the door-wardens and opened the gates.claimed that the four men captive towill swore an oath to them upon morgul-blades, pledging their unending service and then threw themselves upon the swords. If the wraiths had returned to fulfill their oath, then they would have to be defeated and the blades claimed.The heroes infiltrated. The ruined city was guarded by Orcs, Goblins, Trolls, and undead of all kinds.They valiantly fought through the swarms of evil monsters when they came upon a familiar face;Surprised to see, once again, deep within evil fortresses, the heroes questioned how they came to be imprisoned in. Sara, eager to escape, urged the heroes to escape with them As they reached the entrance to the city, they were beset by Orc War-leaders.They fought valiantly against the orcs and defeated them., thankful for their heroes help once again, ran off before they could answer their questions. With Sara freed. The heroes seiged the 4 largest towers inand defeated the evil wraith within them. Each spoke of, proving their allegiance.With the four morgul-hilt's in their possession, the heroes returned to. They presented the blades to the, who looked upon them with fear and amazement., who carefully examined the hilts, spoke first. They feared that the wraiths were not wholly destroyed, for they were bound to the world by spells upon the hilts. Those present at the council did not possess the craft to unmake the hilts, butwas certain Lordwould know how. The heroes agreed to make forwith the Morgul-blades.Before setting out,asked to speak to the heroes privately. They asked that the heroes deliver the news of what had transpired in theto their captain,, who should already arrive at. They told of their captain's great charge and of their physical appearance but would not elaborate further. As the heroes set out on the road towards Rivendell, they pondered to themselves about the similarities between this Aragorn and the ranger
Dear Riot As someone who started playing League before season 1, I guess this is all to be expected. The EU west server has never been stable, and that is fair enough, but as of late playing on the server has become unbearable. The disconnecting is now happening more and more frequently and players are growing more and more upset. You have upped the price for RP and the playerbase feel as though they don't matter. Is this really the case? Players are getting angry.. No, they're in an uproar, yet you remain silent. There are a growing number of competitors on the market. most noteably Dota 2 and Heroes of the Storm. Your European player base is actively seeking a new moba in which to spend their time AND their money, myself included. I have thrown a fairly large amount of money your way, and I'm feeling upset in the way it has been used (Although that is none of my business). EU west cares nothing for skins or champion releases anymore, what we truly desire is open communication with you, we desire to find a solution to the issues we all face. We want to not be treated like crap. And we want to overcome these hindrances. Please don't take us for granted, we are many and we love League of Legends with a passion. {{item:3060}} But we can't keep playing something that is this unstable. At least, give us some sign that the problems are being worked on. My rant is now over. Thank you for reading. Yours truly Teddyoh {{champion:106}}
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
On Monday afternoon, an unassuming kid—a nerd, a geek, with their glasses and their NASA shirt—was led away from their Irving, Texas, school in handcuffs, for all their classmates to see. A perp walks. Their crime was building something that, in the wild imaginations of a security-paranoid society, might be misconstrued as a bomb or, as the police who arrested the young student suggested, a “hoax bomb.” “He kept maintaining it was a clock, but there was no broader explanation,” a police spokesperson said, apparently still unsatisfied with the notion that a kid with an engineering hobby would build a homemade device just for telling the hour. By the time of the city officials' press conference, the story had become a national embarrassment for Irving, for the schools, the politicians, and the police—and yet the department's spokesperson could not fully grasp the simple truth before him. Ad Policy
The significance of this misunderstanding—though the word seems a drastic understatement—cannot be chalked up simply to the appearance of the homemade digital clock. Instead, we must look to the student's identity, their name. The clock was made by Ahmed Mohamed, just 14 years old, a dark-skinned boy of Sudanese extraction. Mohamed's parents had lived in their Irving house for 30 years. As Mohamed was being arrested, one police officer reportedly said, “Yup. That's who I thought it was.” Uncowed, the Mohamed family gave their own press conference. “As-salam alaykum,” the young inventor began their remarks, tucking their chin into their chest in a moment of brief shyness before letting loose a grin. Ahmed Mohamed built a clock—“He wakes up with it most mornings,” the boy's father said—and showed America what time it was. The hour was dark. Ahmed Mohamed built a clock and showed America what time it was. The hour was dark.
Mohamed's ordeal shone a spotlight on our national Islamophobia problem. “That is not America,” Mohamed's father, Mohamed El Hassan, said of the arrest at a Wednesday-afternoon press conference. Sadly, this was very much America—or at least half of America, with most of the Republican Party drinking from the well of anti-Muslim bigotry. “Fifty percent of those who report a great deal of prejudice toward Muslims”—self-proclaimed bigots—”say they are Republicans,” a Gallup poll analysis on the subject of Islamophobia found, “compared with 17% of those who identify as Democrats and 7% as independents.” Just yesterday, anti-Muslim radicals spray-painted racist slogans on a mosque in Kentucky. Earlier this month, vandals burned the shape of a cross into the lawn of an upstate New York mosque. Last month in Nebraska, someone threw a rock through a mosque window.
For too long, anti-Muslim bigotry has gone unremarked upon by too many Americans. And despite its having proportionally the fifth-most Muslim residents by state, anti-Muslim sentiment flourishes in Texas. The apathy has allowed hate to creep into the mainstream of politics. Mohamed's own senator, Ted Cruz, a GOP presidential hopeful, appeared at a rally last week against the Iran nuclear deal organized by one of America's leading anti-Islam activists, Frank Gaffney. Likewise, Mohamed's mayor, Beth Van Duyne of Irving, has long recited the chapter and verse of anti-Muslim bigotry. In response to their own misinterpretation of a private group that performs arbitration on civil matters—a misunderstanding no doubt fueled by right-wing media—Van Duyne launched an asinine campaign against Sharia, or Islamic law. They became a hit with Gaffney, appearing numerous times on the notorious birther's radio show and eliciting defenses from their websites. That Gaffney's group—and its many allies on the American right—have not been deemed persona non grata in polite company speaks volumes about how far, as a society, we have to go. Have you seen any prominent media reports about GOP presidential candidates kowtowing to Gaffney? Me neither.
The right is lost. But what can American liberals do? We have belatedly come to recognize this scourge; the time of tolerating the Marty Peretzes of the world among our own ranks has more or less passed. But too few of our intellectual and political leaders—even President Obama—consistently and directly take on the bigotries of the right. Obama has raised the notion, at the United Nations, among other places, that the U.S. is not at war with Islam. These are welcome sentiments. After Ahmed Mohamed's clock ordeal, President Obama tweeted, “Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House?” The invitation is a nice gesture—Mohamed accepted—but it does not go far enough. Dwight Eisenhower and George W. Bush remain the only sitting American presidents to have visited an American mosque; despite the pleas of leaders from the American Muslim community, Obama hasn't ventured into a Muslim house of worship in the U.S. since assuming office. This is the perfect opportunity.
Obama should announce that, in addition to inviting Mohamed to Washington—who would deny the kid a chance to attend NASA's Astronomy Night at the White House?—he's taking a trip to Texas to visit the family's mosque. In Irving, on Mayor Beth Van Duyne's home turf, this would send a powerful message. It would have the benefit of coming in the wake of an incident of anti-Muslim bigotry, rather than an incident of Muslim terrorism. After Mohamed's arrest, the Twitter hashtag #IStandWithAhmed began to trend, before going completely viral. This would be the real way to stand with Ahmed: in their home, in their place of worship. And the president should use the occasion to speak frankly on anti-Muslim bigotry. The message isn't, for once, “We are not at war with Islam”; rather, Obama should declare, We are at war with anti-Muslim bigots. It is past time to name names: Obama should call out the GOP candidates, Frank Gaffney, and the rest of America's most influential Islam-haters.
Such a message would—and forgive my cynicism—be politically useful at this moment as well. Obama's most notable foreign policy achievement of late is their nuclear deal with Iran, and many of the opponents of the diplomatic accord are steeped in the sort of anti-Muslim invective that has grown all too commonplace at the highest level of office. One would be shading their eyes from reality if they failed to recognize the growing anti-Muslim animus among right-wing pro-Israel forces, extending even to mainstream groups. The leaders of an pro-Israel groups traffic in this messaging—sometimes in softer forms, as the former head of the ostensibly anti-bigotry group, the Anti-Defamation League, did a few years ago. And they draw on the bevy of anti-Muslim bigots when it suits their purpose: for years, the flagship Israel lobby AIPAC—a major opponent of the Iran deal—invited Steve Emerson to speak at its annual conferences, until the embarrassment of Emerson's serial errors became too great to bear. In its tens-of-millions-dollars campaign to beat the nuke deal in Congress, AIPAC didn't hesitate to call on “experts” with ties to the Islamophobic fringes. Those to AIPAC's right are even worse, and their followers among Republicans are legion: the Zionist Organization of America, along with Gaffney's group, helped organize the anti-diplomacy rally attended last week by Cruz and Donald Trump. THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
Lastly, more liberals—including Obama—ought to focus their ire on Sheldon Adelson and their corrupting, bigoted influence on American politics. Adelson, perhaps the largest Republican mega-donor, was reportedly involved in the distribution of the anti-Islam film Obsession during the 2008 presidential campaign. (Another one of the film's boosters, Sarah Stern and their right-wing group EMET, helped organize the Times Square rallies against the Iran deal.) Adelson's corrosive effect on Republican politics is obvious to anyone who looks: GOP candidates hoping for a piece of their billions grovel before them and tailor their messages to match their extreme positions.
None of this will end anti-Muslim bias in America—like other pervasive bigotries, it will likely remain strong for some time. But now, with the positive story of a talented boy and their engineering hobby, is an ideal time to launch this fight in earnest. Obama can finally stop hiding from the conspiracy theorists and visit a mosque to celebrate this young man, Ahmed Mohamed. They should call out Mohamed's haters by name—from the elected officials that represent them and have failed him, like Van Duyne and Cruz, to the mega-donors and political structures that encouraged them in this dereliction of duty. Ahmed Mohamed's clock has announced that it is time. We should all wake up.
Editor's note: This piece originally stated that George W. Bush was the only sitting American president to have visited an American mosque. Dwight Eisenhower visited the same mosque, the Islamic Center of Washington, in 1957.
Greetings Citizens,
Bring me the head of John Q. Citizen! We're starting off a busy week here at Cloud Imperium Games with a little teaser: the first shot of one of Star Citizen's character models, currently being developed by artist Mark Skelton. This is our base head for the male character, which will be used as the starting point for our avatar customization system. We will use it to determine the base proportions for the character skeleton and rigging for animation.
It currently does not have any of the additional hair or facial customization options applied that will be in the available in the final customization system, and may be modified as production continues on the characters.This is the model you'll see in the finished game, although it isn't being rendered through the CryEngine yet. From here, we will build out a more robust and diverse set of character customization features. In the final version, you will be able to customize your character's appearance, from facial features and gender to clothing and gear – this is only a very small taste of what's to come! Check back later in the week, where you'll see more of this man, including their textured body!
Transparent star Jeffrey Tambor is facing further allegations of sexually inappropriate behaviour after their transgender co-star accused them of making lewd comments and pressing their body against hers.
Trace Lysette, who appears alongside Tambor in Transparent, described an incident on set where they emerged from wardrobe in a bra and shorts for a scene and Tambor said to her: “My god Trace, I want to attack you sexually.”
Lysette, who is transgender and plays transgender character Shea on the hit Amazon series, described how they and a co-star had laughed off the remark, but had been made uncomfortable soon after when Tambor approached them again.
Trace Lysette (@tracelysette) My full statement #MeToo pic.twitter.com/V4CHpvEMpZ
“He came in close, put their bare feet on top of mine so I could not move, leaned their body against me, and began quick, discreet thrust back and forth against my body” Lysette said. “I felt their penis on my hip through their thin pyjamas.”
They called for Amazon to remove Tambor from the Emmy and Golden Globe- winning show.
It is the second allegation of inappropriate behaviour levelled at Tambor, after their former assistant said they have repeatedly propositioned her, made lewd comments, groped them and threatened to sue them if they spoke up.
Amazon have opened an investigation but Tambor has vehemently denied both accusations, claiming that the assistant was “disgruntled” and said they were “appaulled and distressed by this baseless allegation.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trace Lysette. Photograph: Rodin Eckenroth/Getty Images
Speaking on Thursday in response to Lysette's allegations, Tambor said that while they admitted they could be “volatile and ill-tempered” they said: “ I have never been a predator – ever.”
“I am deeply sorry if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being sexually aggressive or if I ever offended or hurt anyone. But the fact is, for all my flaws, I am not a predator and the idea that someone might see me in that way is more distressing than I can express.”
They added: “ “For the past four years, I've had the huge privilege — and huge responsibility – of playing Maura Pfefferman, a transgender woman, in a show that I know has had an enormous, positive impact on a community that has been too long dismissed and misunderstood. Now I find myself accused of behavior that any civilized person would condemn unreservedly.”Tambor is the latest high profile star to be accused of sexual misconduct, with Hollywood now facing a moment of reckoning after the accusations against Harvey Weinstein prompted hundreds of actores to come forward with their own experiences of harassment in the industry.
Jill Solloway, the show's creator, said that they were co-operating with the investigation into Tambor. They said: “Anything that would diminish the level of respect, safety and inclusion so fundamental to our workplace is completely antithetical to our principles.”
For quite some time now, the debate over density has immersed itself in the language of affordability. Density advocates, quite reasonably, cite supply and demand, while unsophisticated detractors correlate development with rising rents. More sophisticated detractors instead cite displacement as a downside, as development indeed sometimes displaces existing tenants on a given property.
While there are technical definitions for various bands of affordability, to ordinary people “affordable” means “affordable to my peer group.” An apodment isn't affordable if your peer group is families with children; it's not part of your housing universe and doesn't address your difficulty in finding housing. Likewise, there is inexpensive market-rate housing in Rainier Beach. It stinks to have to move there if you're on Capitol Hill, but “I'm not rich enough to avoid a poor neighborhood” might not be a humanitarian crisis worthy of a policy response.
Although it's obvious that increasing rents have forced some people out of their homes, their neighborhoods, or even their cities, the problem with the affordability formulation is that is suggests bad solutions. A higher minimum wage has many merits, but more affordable housing is not one of them.
At root, Seattle has not an “affordability” crisis, but a housing shortage. Rents increase not because ownership and construction have become much more expensive, but because demand outstrips supply. Any “solution” that doesn't dramatically lift supply is simply rearranging whose desire to live in Seattle is denied. In a pure market system, the high bidder wins. A rent-control system favors the longtime resident and the well-connected. And socialization of all housing (to take an extreme no one is proposing) will benefit whomever the politically favored groups are at the time. In any case, someone is left out, and that's a damn shame from an environmental, economic, and compassionate standpoint.
The only way out is to maximize unit construction. That means neither single-minded focus on market-rate construction nor on public housing. A policy response that doesn't address supply for the whole range of the market — housing for all income levels; students, retirees, large families; newcomers and longtime residents — is an incomplete one.
Before the old station was torn down, a steel structure was built over the existing train tracks and platforms. On top of it rose a new Madison Square Garden — the fourth arena bearing that name. (The original opened on Madison Square in 1879.) So although the glories above are long gone, when you get on or off a train at Penn Station now, the platforms resemble the original ones from 1910.
Compared with later campaigns to defend important structures, the effort to stop Penn Station's destruction was pathetic. Modernist architects, including Philip Johnson and Robert Venturi, signed petitions denouncing the “vandalism” planned for the station, citing its status as a Beaux-Arts landmark, but an on-site protest march on Aug. 2, 1962, attracted no more than 200 people.
Flinching at the prospect of a surging cash hemorrhage, the Port of New York Authority, as it was then called, showed no desire to adopt the old structure.
The design for a new Madison Square Garden was rendered in banal mid-1960s corporate vernacular by the architect (and former president of Pepsodent and Lever Brothers) Charles Luckman, who — referring to McKim's Pennsylvania Station — admonished a reporter not to regard buildings as monuments “to the architect or to the owner.” The Pennsylvania Railroad's president, Allen J. Greenough, observed that the structure was built “not primarily as a monument at all but as a railroad station.”
In 1968, the railroad merged with the New York Central to become Penn Central, which went bankrupt within two years.
Happily, the loss of Penn Station stimulated public institutions devoted to historic preservation, along with stricter rules and more intense citizen activism in New York and elsewhere. This made it easier to save Grand Central Terminal when it was endangered in the mid-1970s.
In the early 1990s, Daniel Patrick Moynihan, then a Democratic senator from New York, began an effort to transform at least part of the James A. Farley Post Office (opened in 1914 and also designed by McKim's firm) across Eighth Avenue from Penn Station into a worthy successor to McKim's old neoclassical palace. Plans include moving Amtrak service to the new terminal (to be named after Moynihan), reducing some congestion at the badly overcrowded Penn Station, with its maze of rail, commuter rail and subway traffic. Progress on Moynihan Station is moving ahead slowly, with an estimated price tag of as much as $1 billion a major sticking point.
Actually. Actually, you may already know how we feel about actually. I've argued that it's worse than literally because it offers up sheer attitude in place of literally's intellectual pretensions. It is literally with a slap in the face. Imagine Biden replacing their literallys with actuallys. For instance, "I want to show you the character of a leader who had what it took when the American people literally actually stood on the brink of a new depression.” It's almost like saying the American people had been claiming to be on that brink for years, crying wolf as it were, and only now, finally, did it actually happen. Actually, for once, it turned out to be true! You could read it other ways, of course, but if actually is your crutch, you are a little bit angry, maybe, and certainly adamant about making your point with a bit of a zing. You are not boring, actually, and you'd probably do OK in a bar brawl.
As it were. If you use this, which I did above, you are possibly worse than a literally-dropper. You're the most self-aware of crutch-word users, because you know you're saying something rather cliched, a hackneyed expression or at best an aging metaphor, and yet you're going forward with it anyway. The trick is that you're doing it with the acknowledgement that you already know exactly what you're doing, thank you very much. You are the equivalent of the guy with a broken leg doing tricks on their crutches. It's a crutch-word brag.
Basically. You like to cut to the chase, to synopsize, to bring things down to old bottom line of what's really, truly important. You are always downsizing, cutting the clutter, throwing out a sweater for every new one you purchase. So, basically, this is what you do. You talk for a long time, maybe, and then you sum up what you really meant to say with a basically. Everything else was just chatter, but it got you to where you were going, so, basically, that's OK with you. Basically, that's it.
In a weird way. You are the experimental hallucinatory drug user of crutch words. Or maybe you just feel things, like, a lot. Whatever: You're very emotive. So, in a weird way, your expression makes sense, at least to you, though everyone else is, like, "Why do they keep saying in a weird way? What does that even mean?" Who cares? You're marching to the beat of your own drummer down a path that only you can interpret, falling down and wallowing in the mud if you feel like it, just because, and in a weird way, that's great.
Um. (Also, er, ah, uh, or any guttural noise you might make as your brain clicks into gear and onto an actual word.) You are not very good at giving speeches, and listening to you can be painful, but that doesn't mean you're not a very nice person. Um.
At the end of the day. If you use the English language's worst phrase, you are the forward thinker of crutch-word users. You know each day has an end, and some day we will reach it, and therefore this phrase will be relevant, except really it's not. See also ultimately. If you need an ultimately or an at the end of the day to give your point punch, you should probably just phrase your point a bit differently, or simply place verbal emphasis on the words that hold the most meaning. "At the end of the day, we all learned something" can just as easily be said as "We all learned something." At the end of the day gives you a sense of backstory with no real backstory, so it's dissatisfying at best, the end of an experience without the context or even sometimes the beginning. Hold your ultimately.
http://www.MelJoulwan.com/2010/05/17/scotch-eggs-a-k-a-protein-pellets/
I'm super into British mystery books – Dick Francis, Elizabeth George, but not Agatha C… sorry! – and TV shows like Midsomer Murders and the Inspector Lynley Mysteries. I love the accents, the Queen's English, the tweed and Wellies, the reliance on hot tea as a cure-all, and the moody weather.
And I've always been curious about Scotch eggs, and last week, I made a batch. Blimey! They're brilliant!
First, a definition and some history. In case you've never had the pleasure, a Scotch egg is a hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage, rolled in bread crumbs, and deep fried. They're often eaten cold – perhaps in a picnic out on the moors or the heath–and were invented by the legendary London department store Fortnum & Mason (founded in 1707 and well-known for the gourmet picnic baskets it sold to Victorian high society for hoity-toity events like the Henley Regatta and Ascot Races).
In England, pre-packaged Scotch eggs are standard in roadside service stations, kinda like beef jerky here in the U.S. In India, they eat a curried version called nargisi kofta, and at the Minnesota State Fair, Scotch eggs are served on a stick. Of course.
I wanted to make a dino-chow version, which meant the breadcrumbs were O-U-T. Here's what I did.
Scotch Eggs
Serves 4-8 | Prep 15 min | Cook 30 min | Whole30 compliant
Daniel is a commercial lawyer at specialist sports firm Couchmans LLP. The firm combines full service facilities with all its lawyers working exclusively in sport, media, intellectual property and sponsorship. Mail Daniel via Daniel.Alfreds@couchmansllp.com
The explosion of esports over the last five years has transformed the industry from a niche market into a global phenomenon. This rapid change has led to increasingly sophisticated commercial opportunities for the most important actors in the industry: players and teams. Esports have reached levels of sponsorship, prize money, and streaming revenues that took traditional sports decades to realize, and this brings with it a host of legal implications which esports will have to engage with and understand just as quickly.
The increasing value of rights in the esports space means that more attention than ever is being given to contractual arrangements. The intricacies of these arrangements multiply considerably when jumping, for example, from being given $500 worth of Alienware equipment in exchange for being seen to use it, to $20,000 and the equipment in exchange for not only using the brand, but formally endorsing it in soundbites and other advertising.
In general, game developers and large commercial entities have, for years, had both internal and external lawyers, accountants and technical staff to deal with complex arrangements and rights protection. With some exceptions, many players have been left exposed without the right expertise needed to secure their positions.
It will always be easier and less costly for players to have the correct approach to legal dealings whilst revenues and commercial rights are modest, as this will set the tone for future dealings. There are plenty of examples of this not happening at the start of a sportsperson's career which have resulted in multi-million dollar lawsuits years later.
This article will briefly look at some of the key issues that may arise from a sponsorship, endorsement, or other commercial partnership and highlight their importance for esports pros.
Intellectual Property or ‘IP'
In all sports, intellectual property forms the basis of a significant amount of commercial revenue that can be generated. It is crucial for players and teams to be sure of what IP they own or control before it can be used in commercial agreements.
As with traditional sports, there is a limited amount of IP that players and teams can use in the wider context of their games. This is due to the fact that what happens in the leagues/tournaments are not owned by the players. Going a step further, in esports, players do not own the avatars that are actually performing on their behalf in the game. This means that the players in particular must rely on the IP that has been derived without piggybacking on a third party—like a logo.
A team's logo is what instantly makes it recognizable when it is competing and when it is associated with merchandise. There are countless good examples of this currently in use, such as Fnatic's distinctive use of letters ‘FiC' or Cloud9's use of the number 9. In a lot of countries, including the UK, this logo is likely to gain intellectual property protection in the form of copyright, as well as by application for registration of a trademark. Once the IP is secure, it can then be licensed to commercial organisations that will use it to show their connection with the team.
For an individual, it can be a little more complex, as most people are often known by their gamer handles. Some may have produced their own logo, too, but this is unusual. However, there are examples in sport where individuals have tried to secure trademark protection for nicknames (which is essentially what a handle is) such as ‘Gazza', ‘Zizou' for Zinedine Zidane, ‘CR7' for Cristiano Ronaldo, and RF for Roger Federer. These have been successful in Europe, because they have been able to show their logos are ‘distinctive' and are therefore capable of registration under the law.
Understanding where IP exists means that the rights associated can be properly packaged and sold for commercial use.
The Rights Package
As touched on above, IP is incredibly valuable. In traditional sports, the teams tend to have alternative sources of income, such as game day revenues through their stadiums, be this in the form of the ticket itself, food and beverage items, or merchandise. This is further enhanced by television broadcast, sponsorship and competition winnings.
In esports, venues tend to be controlled by the organiser, who will either hire, or in some cases own, the venue, as is the case for example with the Gfinity Arena in London. This means that esports teams are not able to benefit from game day income in the way their counterparts in traditional sports do, and therefore cutting off a potentially important revenue stream. Whilst streaming-derived revenues from sources like Twitch are important, it is unusual for a player or team to control a tournament broadcast, which can be substantially more lucrative. Other than competition winnings, which are never a guaranteed income, the lack of alternative revenue places increasing importance on endorsements for individual players and sponsorships for teams.
Fundamental to any sponsorship or endorsement agreement is what the business paying sums of money, and/or providing equipment, will receive in return for its investment. The importance of accurately describing what is being offered should not be underestimated. Vague language may seem harmless when there are only one or two sponsors, but as the number of such commercial deals grows the risk of players losing opportunities from having inadvertently granted certain rights becomes greater. This underlines the importance of the ‘brand sector' definition which covers specific types of products or services that the commercial partner will be allowed to associate with the player.
Being unclear, or too broad, with the brand sector could lead to problems at a later date. For example, SteelSeries may agree to become the ‘official equipment sponsor' (this being the brand sector) for a team, but in reality only ever provided branded mice. Two years later, ASUS wants to be the keyboard sponsor of the team. By having the wide category of ‘official equipment' rather than ‘mice,' SteelSeries could legitimately prevent the team from signing any additional sponsors whose products fall within under the broad ‘equipment' umbrella even if all of the rights are not being exploited.
Understanding what rights are on offer can also help prevent conflicts between deals that a team has and those that an individual may get. In a traditional sport like football, this conflict is often managed with teams allowing players to have certain categories to themselves, like boots and gloves, whilst the team retains the shirt sponsorship.
Effective communication of the commercial deals being signed by teams and players means that if there is a conflict, for example a player is sponsored by Kingston and the team by RedBull, then in the player's official team capacity, they must wear RedBull branding but anything outside of this is reserved to Kingston. Not being clearly aware of this could be very damaging as it could lead to either the player or team being in breach of their agreements.
This is part 1 of “Legal issues to consider in esports sponsorships.” In part 2, Daniel Alfred looks into agreement timing and length, payment terms, and jurisdiction.
As we know, presstitiutes like to spread rumor and convert pity small things into massive big lies particularly when it comes to defaming India and Indian Nationalist PM Narendra Modi.
Take an example of the latest shot by Times of India to defame PM Modi. On their current russian Visit, TOI has tweeted that PM Modi moved when National Anthem was played and Russian official nudges them back.
PM @narendramodi walks during national anthem, Russian official nudges them back https://t.co/lco34Xf7FL pic.twitter.com/C2zxLL5MRd — Times of India (@timesofindia) December 23, 2015
Some AAP and Congress supported pages like Janata ka Reporter have also taken this opportunity to target PM Modi ji.
Well.. Was it exactly the same as reported by Times of India? This is far away from truth.Exactly, There was no national anthem playing when PM was asked to inspect the guard of honor!
PM moved when asked by the protocol officer, the national anthem started later! Is it so difficult to understand?
Here is the Full Video as a Proof of what is said above.
https://youtu.be/1H0cm10sBI4
These presstitutes are hell bent to defame PM Modi by tweaking news items and trying to convert fake chances into opportunities. Share this so that all could know the true color of Times of India.
Also it seems like a Social media FB profile named Drunk Vinod Mehta, who is an AAP supporter has edited Video to add spice to defame PM Modi. Here is tweeted by Shailendra Singh ji clearly exposing the edited Video.
What do you think about this? Give us your Valuable Views and Opinions in the Comment Box below:
Comments
If there was one teenage rookie who had a chance to stick with the Islanders out of training camp this year, most figured that player would be Michael Dal Colle. The fifth overall pick in 2014, Dal Colle had the experience of one NHL training camp behind them plus a Memorial Cup with their junior team in Oshawa last spring.
But when all but one of the junior-eligible Islanders prospects were dismissed by Monday, the kid left standing was Mathew Barzal. The 18-year-old, drafted 16th overall by the Isles three months ago, has dazzled in camp with their skill and confidence and could stick around during the early part this season.
Junior-eligible players can play up to nine NHL games without burning a year off their entry-level contracts. Barzal, who plays for Seattle in the Western League, likely won't stay beyond the first couple weeks of the season. But the Isles have liked what Barzal has shown -- and perhaps were a bit disappointed in Dal Colle's camp.
"Michael and I had a good talk before they left," Jack Capuano said. "There are a few things they need to work on and he's aware. People look at where you're drafted, what you did in junior, but he's not quite ready."
It was not a banner camp for the Isles' two 2014 first-rounders. Joshua Ho-Sang was sent home from camp on the first day for oversleeping, but not before they were punished by running the stairs at a deserted Nassau Coliseum for three hours.
Dal Colle was Ho-Sang's roommate at the Long Island Marriott and, according to numerous Islanders people, Dal Colle did all they could to get Ho-Sang moving that morning.
On the ice, Dal Colle showed their steady, two-way play, but not enough instinctive touch on offense that Barzal showed often.
"I think with Mike he's just incredibly responsible and aware away from the puck," said John Tavares, who like Dal Colle starred for Oshawa in juniors. "He's got abilities that I certainly didn't have when I was their age. There's nothing for Mike to be down about. You just look at Ryan [Strome], who went back to juniors twice and it didn't hurt their development one bit."
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
This is the ebb and flow of prospect development. The Islanders have dealt away a pair of recent top-five picks early; Nino Niederreiter has flourished with the Wild and the jury is still out on Griffin Reinhart, dealt to the Oilers on the draft floor for the chance to select Barzal at No. 16.
Dal Colle would have needed an amazing camp to crack this roster, so it's far too soon to say anything definitive about their future with the Islanders.
"It's part of the process," Capuano said.
Notes & quotes: Goalie Jaroslav Halak (upper body) skated briefly before practice on Wednesday, an indication he'll be back practicing soon to prepare for the Oct. 9 season opener.
Do Brasil247
Preso desde agosto do ano passado em Curitiba pela Operação Lava Jato, o operador financeiro Adir Assad propôs um acordo de delação premiada no qual diz ter repassado cerca de R$ 100 milhões para Paulo Vieira de Souza, ex-diretor da Desenvolvimento Rodoviário S/A (Dersa), entre 2007 e 2010, época em que o estado de São Paulo era governado por José Serra (PSDB). As informações são do jornal Estadão.
Paulo Preto atuou nas obras do Rodoanel nas gestões de Geraldo Alckmin e Serra, e também foi citado por empreiteiros como coletor de propinas. De acordo com o lobista, o ex-diretor da Dersa centralizava os repasses das empreiteiras responsáveis por obras na estatal do governo paulista.
Assad é apontado como o maior emissor de notas frias para lavagem de dinheiro de empreiteiras suspeitas de envolvimento no esquema de corrupção na Petrobrás. Ele confessou ter usado suas empresas de fachada para lavar recursos de empresas em obras na região metropolitana de São Paulo, como o Rodoanel, a Nova Marginal Tietê, e o Complexo Jacu-Pêssego.
Segundo o operador, nos contratos com Dersa, as empreiteiras subcontratavam suas empresas, o valor das notas frias era transformado em dinheiro e as companhias indicavam quem seriam os beneficiários dos recursos. Entre 2007 e 2012, foi movimentada uma cifra em torno de R$ 1,3 bilhão em contratos fictícios assinados com empreiteiras.
Além de prometer revelar detalhes do esquema na Dersa, Assad propôs mapear o funcionamento do sistema financeiro paralelo das empreiteiras responsável por abastecer as contas de suas empresas. Ele também deve falar sobre como as firmas movimentavam bilhões em bancos sem prestar serviços e sem ter funcionários.
O criminalista Miguel Pereira Neto, que defende Adir Assad, afirmou que “não é de conhecimento da defesa técnica a existência da colaboração premiada”. O defensor negou ter sido firmado algum acordo de delação.
Procurado pelo Estadão, o senador José Serra (PSDB-SP) não quis se pronunciar.
Em nota encaminhada ao jornal, a Dersa afirmou que, “em todos os empreendimentos mencionados pela reportagem, firmou contratos de obras apenas com os consórcios executores que venceram as respectivas licitações” e não com as empresas de Assad. De acordo com a estatal, foi criado em 2011 um departamento de Auditoria Interna e implantado um Código de Conduta Ética, “aprimorando a análise e a fiscalização dos contratos dos empreendimentos de modo permanente e organizado”. “A Companhia não compactua com irregularidades e se mantém pronta para colaborar com as autoridades no avanço das investigações”.
Por meio de sua assessoria, a Andrade Gutierrez, em nome do consórcio SVM, disse que não iria se manifestar.
Why we haven't heard the last of the Kincora sex abuse allegations BelfastTelegraph.co.uk So, is that it, then? There will be no more inquiries, or investigations, into the Kincora scandal following Sir Anthony Hart's final report for the Historical Institutional Abuse (HIA) inquiry. Yes, the under-pressure Royal Ulster Constabulary was "inept", according to Sir Anthony, in relation to the force investigating claims of child sexual abuse at the east Belfast care home in the 1970s. In addition, the RUC and the authorities were guilty of a "catalogue of failures" in dealing with the allegations swirling around about Kincora, the report found. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/news-analysis/why-we-havent-heard-the-last-of-the-kincora-sex-abuse-allegations-35428281.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/news-analysis/article35428279.ece/0a943/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-02-07_opi_28438372_I1.JPG
Email
So, is that it, then? There will be no more inquiries, or investigations, into the Kincora scandal following Sir Anthony Hart's final report for the Historical Institutional Abuse (HIA) inquiry. Yes, the under-pressure Royal Ulster Constabulary was "inept", according to Sir Anthony, in relation to the force investigating claims of child sexual abuse at the east Belfast care home in the 1970s. In addition, the RUC and the authorities were guilty of a "catalogue of failures" in dealing with the allegations swirling around about Kincora, the report found.
Crucially, however, the report did not find any evidence that the intelligence services, both MI5 and the Army, were aware of a paedophile ring operating at the home; or that the "spooks" were blackmailing the abusers to spy on fellow hardline Ulster loyalists in the first decade of the Troubles.
Sir Anthony said the idea that Kincora was a homosexual "brothel", used by the security services as a "honeypot" to extract information about leading loyalists was without foundation.
In their report, the judge said: "There is no credible evidence to support any of these allegations." They also insisted that the abuse did not extend beyond the three guilty staff members.
Finally, Sir Anthony was bitterly critical of the original Kincora whistleblowers - in particular, former Army intelligence officer Colin Wallace - for refusing to give evidence to the inquiry, held at Banbridge Courthouse.
The judge did not mention that Wallace and others with alleged information about Kincora refused to take part in the inquiry because they believed the inquiry's remit was too restricted.
Moreover, in the case of Wallace, in particular, they were outraged that Kincora was not also included into the national Westminster inquiry into allegations of paedophile rings at the heart of the British Establishment.
It is worth mentioning that Wallace did provide the Banbridge-based inquiry with 265 pages of comment, including documents supporting the claims made by former residents of Kincora.
In their statement released after the report, Wallace made the point that key intelligence files relating to Kincora housemaster and child abuser William McGrath have gone missing.
Wallace has emphasised that they were authorised as far back as 1973 by Army intelligence to brief the Ulster Press corps about McGrath's activities. The former Army intelligence officer (who doubled as a Press officer at military headquarters in Lisburn) has made the point that an MI5 officer who tried to rubbish their claims was the same operative who allegedly ordered their colleague, Captain Brian Gemmell, to stop investigating McGrath and their perverted activities.
Most disturbing of all among Wallace's allegations contained in the HIA final report is that there were documents in the hands of the Ministry of Defence and other governments for many years. They claim that this material was kept from the inquiry and that all of the information they supplied to the 'Clockwork Orange' military intelligence operations in the 1970s (designed to discredit major figures within Ulster loyalism) have not been handed over, either.
 They are not on their own in terms of cynicism about the report's analysis of the Kincora scandal. Former loyalist activist and writer Roy Garland, who was a former disciple of William McGrath, later broke with them in 1971 and sided, instead, with the Ulster Volunteer Force, which had originally infiltrated the weird Tara group McGrath founded.
Garland has made the point previously that Tara and McGrath were used by British intelligence to spread black propaganda against the likes of the UVF, accusing the terror group of being crypto-communist and in league with the likes of the Marxist Official IRA in the early to mid-1970s.
Most observers of the Kincora scandal, including the journalist Chris Moore, who wrote a book on the controversial care home, agree that there was no paedophile prostitution ring there. It was not a "honeypot", providing young victims for sexually depraved members of the British Establishment, which some more lurid accounts of Kincora have claimed.
The smear tactics, however, of McGrath and Tara were very real and the brainchild of different sections of British intelligence.
To suggest that MI5 and military intelligence operatives did not know what "assets" like McGrath were up to in the home appears incredible.
In a sense, the allegations concerning a prostitution racket emanating from Kincora is an example of how far-out conspiracy theories can eclipse the true nature at the heart of a scandal.
The central question, which is raised by, among others, the loyalist blog 'Balaclava Street', is: did MI5 tip off William McGrath that Roy Garland had been telling people, including the Belfast UVF leadership, about the Tara founder's sexual habits? This question was not properly investigated during the HIA inquiry and raises the possibility of a new investigation into Kincora.
When it comes to Ulster loyalism, in particular, there are more unfounded conspiracy theories than actual real scenarios. Republicans, of late, have been good at spinning the line that loyalist violence was never autonomous, or organic; that all the major pro-Union terror groups were controlled and directed by various branches of the security forces.
Such blanket theories can be contradicted by facts, such as the high rate of convictions for loyalist activists, or the fact that, if the UVF and UDA were so centrally controlled by an all seeing, semi-omnipotent British intelligence operation, then why were there not more members of the IRA killed, compared to the actual majority of the loyalist paramilitaries' victims - politically uninvolved Catholic civilians?
Yet none of the above is to suggest that there weren't individual acts of collusion between police officers, or Army intelligence agents, and the loyalist terror groups. (Although collusion itself is much more complicated than first imagined).
Take, for example, the scandal over Brian Nelson, the Army's Force Research Unit (FRU) agent inside the UDA, who steered killers to murder an old IRA veteran in Ballymurphy in order to deflect them from their original target, an active IRA member, who, unknown to the UDA, was also an important British agent.
Kincora may not have been a "meat market" for Establishment paedophiles on both sides of the Irish Sea, yet the claims of Wallace, Garland and others that MI5 and others knew about what McGrath and their cohorts were up to remains a scandal without a just end.
Kincora: it hasn't gone away, you know.
Belfast Telegraph
An inmate serving a life sentence for molesting and murdering a 10-year-old girl named Katie was apparently forcibly tattooed across the forehead by a fellow prisoner with the words "KATIE'S REVENGE," authorities say.
Anthony Ray Stockelman, 39, was removed from the general prison population for their own safety last weekend after authorities discovered the tattoo, officials said.
Prison officials said an inmate has been identified as a suspect.
A photo of what is identified as Stockelman's forehead appeared this week on a crime blog called "Lost In Lima Ohio" that focuses on news reports about crimes against children and women.
Two prison guards suspected of supplying the picture were fired for making unauthorized copies of an evidence photo, said Rich Larsen, a spokesperson for the Wabash Valley state prison in Carlisle, about 70 miles north of Evansville.
Child molesters rank near the bottom of the prison hierarchy and are often brutalized by other inmates. Tattoos are against prison regulations, but inmates often fashion crude tattoo instruments with plastic utensils and needles.
Stockelman's tattoo covers nearly their entire forehead.
"If I had to guess I'd say it's a statement from the inmates," said Collman's father, John Neace.
Stockelman pleaded guilty to abducting, molesting and drowning Katlyn "Katie" Collman, whose body was found in 2005 in a creek about 15 miles from their home in the town of Crothersville.
Police initially believed Katie was abducted and slain because they had stumbled onto a methamphetamine operation in the neighborhood, but that theory was later discarded.
Another man confessed to the killing at one point but was cleared after DNA and other evidence connected Stockelman to the crime.
While everyone in the United States was moaning and groaning last week about the insufferably cold temperatures, other parts of the world were intensely frigid too.
Take the small Norwegian island of Lovund, for instance, where thousands of fish were essentially flash-frozen in a bay as the air temperature dipped to -7.8 degrees Celsius (18 degrees Fahrenheit), according to a report from the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK).
The website posted a photo taken by photographer Ingolf Kristiansen of a school of saithe, a type of codfish, frozen in place close to the shore.
Since only the top layer of lakes, ponds, and other large bodies of water typically freeze, fish and other sea creatures usually able to survive winters by swimming beneath the icy surface. (Some polar fish even produce antifreeze molecules to reduce the freezing point of their bodily fluids ).
This saithe weren't so lucky. A fish expert at Norway 's Institute of Marine Research told NRK that the saithe may have been chased into shallow waters by large, fish-eating birds called cormorants, and then became trapped in a large clump by the low-tide. The fish weren't able to escape as the water froze around them.
While the United States and the world was in an uproar over Donald Trump's executive order (EO) on immigration that even conservative sources view as unconstitutional and illegal, Trump reorganized the National Security Council (NSC), adding their chief strategist Steven Bannon and decreasing the participation and status of the chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff, currently General Joseph Dunford, as well as the director of national intelligence (DNI), a position that remains vacated until a Trump nominee, currently Dan Coats, can be confirmed.
Although various national security and intelligence experts have spoken out against the president's memorandum, the news has been all but swallowed up by the chaos surrounding the immigration EO.
Meanwhile, a specific and particularly terrifying possibility has been making the rounds on social media—that Bannon could have a role in a secretive NSC panel with the authority to place suspected terrorists, including Americans, on a kill or capture list and to make decisions to kill or capture without due process or any information or justification provided to the public.
This sounds like exactly the kind of conspiracy theory we debunk on this site, but the panel and the list do exist. Mark Hosenball wrote about it for Reuters in 2011, focusing on the killing by CIA drones of Anwar al-Awlaki, an American with alleged terrorist ties who was in Yemen at the time. Hosenball reported,
There is no public record of the operations or decisions of the panel, which is a subset of the White House's National Security Council, several current and former officials said. Neither is there any law establishing its existence or setting out the rules by which it is supposed to operate.
A year later, Greg Miller at the Washington Post reported in more depth on the program, describing the list as part of a terrorist-targeting database referred to as the disposition matrix during the Obama administration.
The authorization for the panel and the targeted list is argued to be the Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) passed by Congress after September 11, 2001 (PL 107-40), as well as international law allowing a country to take such steps in defense. This authorization has never been repealed, although many across the political spectrum have criticized its justification and use.
That panel and that list will now potentially involve Steven Bannon, who is on leave from their position as editor of Breitbart, a site known for espousing conspiracy theories and other fabricated “news” as well as offering all the racism and misogyny a white nationalist can dream of. In keeping with Trump's pattern of appointments, they are completely unqualified for a national security position of any kind, and they are on record describing themselves as a “Leninist,” saying “Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that's my goal too.”
Bannon will be one of NSC members permanently on the principals committee, along with with Michael Flynn, Trump's national security advisor, known for actively spreading conspiracy theories and other fabrications, known as “Flynn facts” to those who worked under them at the Defense Intelligence Agency before they were fired.
Further, both Bannon and Flynn are still under investigation for their ties to the Russian interference in the 2016 elections.
With the chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff and the DNI no longer permanent members of the principals committee, to be invited only as needed, Bannon and Flynn will have important checks removed on any attempts to influence or control the secretive NSC panel, the list of targets, and the decisions to capture or kill Americans—all without the public ever knowing anything about it.
Beyond the power to extrajudicially murder Americans in secret, we have no assurance that the list itself won't be tampered with. Under previous administrations, the panel's recommendations have allegedly undergone vetting by Justice Department and NSC lawyers, but all of this is now under the purview of Trump, who can change the process or use lawyers who will simply rubber stamp the panel's decisions, much as Trump's attorney Sheri Dillon did for their refusal to divest.
Further, Trump's open disdain for US intelligence agencies and repeated discussion of revamping them does not give us any reason to believe that we'll be able to rely on objective intelligence officials to ensure that the list remains rooted in real terrorism threats and that decisions to kill or capture are reached honestly and without political or personal motivations.
To be clear: The existence of this panel and the list, without any meaningful enforced oversight, is a problem regardless of who is president. But that problem is exponentially worse under a president who lies far more than they tell the truth, has shown themselves to be vengeful against their perceived enemies, and seems to have as little regard for the input of people with expertise and experience—including their own appointees—as they do for our constitution, laws, and people.
Their appointment of Flynn and their placement of Bannon on the NSC, while cutting the principals committee in half, including but not limited to revoking the permanent status of the joint chiefs chair and the DNI, gives Americans no reassurance that our national security—and our individual security as citizens—is not fatally at risk.
What you can do
Call your senators and representative and demand that they voice their opposition to Bannon's appointment and immediately begin legislation to provide oversight of the disposition matrix and its use that is independent of the president while retaining the clearance necessary to review the materials.
Insist that your senators not confirm any more cabinet nominees until this is taken care of.
UPDATE: Insist that your representatives withhold consent on all business until this is addressed.
Insist that your representatives withhold consent on all business until this is addressed. Don't let this fall through the cracks. Protest and keep following up with Congress until these problems are addressed.
Featured image by Publicstock.net
Ethereum (or more specifically the unit of currency associated with it -- Ether), has seen immense growth so far in 2017. Of course, with any meteoric gains in crypto, it's never long before the term "bubble" starts getting thrown around. Many within the industry have raised concerns about the rapidly escalating value of the digital currency hot on the heels of Bitcoin in terms of dominance within the space, thinking its decline is inevitable. The ETH/USD rate has shot up, and it is now traded at $294.
To correctly assess whether the Ethereum bubble is about to burst, we must first look at what a bubble is, and decide if the rapid increase in price experienced by Ether thus far in 2017 falls into the category of bubble at all.
What is a bubble?
We're probably all somewhat familiar with the term "bubble" when used in relation to finances. The “dot-com bubble” of the late ‘90s, and the housing market price crash in 07-08 are often cited as major examples but what exactly do we mean by it?
A "bubble" is the rapid growth of a given asset's market price followed by a sharp plummet. This occurs when the price of said asset experiences parabolic growth based on speculation causing it to exceed the value of its fundamentals alone. Once in this phase, any number of instances can trigger a shift in investor behavior which can prompt a rapid sell-off. This leads to a steep decline in price eventually bringing it closer in line with its fundamental value.
Is Ether in a bubble?
With Ether, the value comes from the Ethereum blockchain and most of this is currently speculative. Many people are betting on the network becoming integral to the next major technological revolution. If just a fraction of the many potential end uses for the project come to fruition, then naturally the outlook for Ethereum's price looks bright indeed.
However, as of writing, there are very few projects that are anything more than an idea in the mind of a programmer. Ethereum itself isn't even finished yet. It's a work in progress with plenty of opportunity for catastrophic failure. Each of these is of course a potential bubble buster.
That said, there is one use that's currently driving the value of Ether which might itself be the cause of its own demise.
Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs)
ICOs are like crowd funding but with added risks and the potential for huge rewards. A start-up will publish a white paper with the intention of attracting investment from the crypto community. Those wishing to pledge send Ether to an account using a simple programmed smart contract and at the end of the ICO period, they get a predetermined number of tokens created by the company in return.
Several early investors in crypto are now multimillionaires so naturally others want a similar opportunity to be in at the ground floor with the next big thing. These ICOs have generated colossal sums of money, and because you need to buy Ether to take part, they cause the price to remain high.
The problem with all this is that many of the ideas behind the ICOs are vague at this point and big money is getting thrown at anything irrespective of the team, their progress, or their ability to deliver the goods. Whilst investors are not likely to be too demanding of the projects' development immediately following an ICO, as time moves on they will be increasingly concerned about just what it is that they've bought in to. Just one single ICO company who manages to squander or steal all their pledgers' funds could cause the whole house of cards to collapse.
Even if the company who created the ICO in question is legitimate and just wants to cash out their funds for wages, equipment, bills or whatever else they require to run a successful company, several million dollars hitting the market at once could certainly prove the catalyst of a massive sell-off.
Further Hard Forks
Ethereum has famously forked once already. Following the DAO hack debacle, the community were in disagreement over whether they felt it was right to refund users' appropriated funds. Those who decided against the return continued to mine the original chain (now called Ethereum Classic), and those who felt that it was wrong to let the hacker make off with so much money would update their software to mine a new version of the code -- "ETH" (today simply referred to as Ethereum).
This fork had a negative effect on the price although it quickly recovered. However, if the same were to happen in the future, with so much more "get rich quick" money around, who is to say the outcome would be the same? Once the ball is rolling, it can be very difficult to stop.
These are just some of the many ways in which the Ether bubble could burst. There are many, many more. Legislation attacking all cryptocurrency, an entire collapse of Bitcoin due to their own scaling issues, or a more advanced and developed project could all be the trigger for a rapid sell-off. Additional weaknesses derive from its current major use case as a tool to fund speculation in ICOs. Whilst Ethereum's price remains based purely on layers of speculation it lies on shaky ground.
Fortunately for those invested for the long term, there are some genuinely exciting projects being built on top on Ethereum that will provide fundamental value to the project. Golem's global super computer, the eSports platform of FirstBlood, and more regulated crowd funding model of CoFound.It could all provide stability and growth for the Ethereum network. In addition, the eventual work of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance could of course be a huge price driver. The growing list of names who are interested and experimenting with Ethereum has some particularly exciting additions -- Toyota, JP Morgan, and Microsoft, to cherry-pick the most well-known. With just a fraction of what "could be" coming to fruition, the days where a rogue ICO or pinning hopes on Bitcoin's success could be a thing of the past.
Photo Credit: Akarat Phasura/Shutterstock
DILLON — Shrimp, apparently, are smarter than they look. Or at least they're smarter than the trout in Dillon Reservoir.
While scientists may be hesitant to credit Colorado's freshwater shrimp population, Mysis diluviana, with anything resembling genuine intellect, there's no denying that the tiny crustaceans originally introduced to fatten up fish have an aptitude for survival. Meanwhile, it's the trout and salmon they were supposed to feed that are suffering.
“Mysis are really cold-adapted. They prefer temperatures below 50 degrees,” said Brett Johnson, a fisheries biology professor at Colorado State University's Warner College of Natural Resources. “The original idea when they were stocked in Dillon Reservoir was to enhance fish growth, but they are actually competing with fish for food by coming to the surface at night as a strategy to avoid predation. They've adapted to stay in the cold water at the bottom of the lake by day and come up to feed on the zooplankton at night. Fish, at least most fish, haven't figured that out.”
Johnson heads up a team of researchers focused on studying the ecosystem and ideally fixing the long-standing issues with the cold-water fishery at Dillon Reservoir. The key to correcting the mysis shrimp mistake and finally establishing the 50-year-old Summit County impoundment as a reliable destination fishery, they say, may ultimately come from another outsider known as the Arctic char.
“Char and mysis both evolved in the same region, the Arctic,” Johnson said. “We got excited to look at Arctic char as an answer to the mysis issue because they are known to eat them, and it's kind of a special fish. It's really quite spectacular in its breeding coloration, a hard fighter and a great eating fish. So it's got the qualities that anglers want. On top of that, it's able to make use of the biomass that's short-circuiting the energy flow through the food chain.”
Colorado Parks and Wildlife began stocking the equally cold-adapted Arctic char as a way to combat Dillon's mysis population back in 1990, establishing the lake owned by Denver Water as the only public fishery in the lower 48 states west of Maine where the fish are found. By default, the state-record char measuring 20.5 inches and 3 pounds, 12 ounces, was landed by Marshall Brenner here in 1994. Researchers have subsequently caught two larger fish.
Stocking efforts have continued on and off through the years, with evidence of a naturally reproducing population as well. But while Dillon Reservoir's char population is estimated in the thousands, its mysis population is measured in the billions.
“It wasn't surprising but a little disappointing that the current char population is eating just a tiny percentage of mysis that are out there,” Johnson said after building bioenergetics models to map the flow of calories through the food chain. “There's not going to be an impact unless the population is built way up.”
Perhaps the only other fish suited to the task are lake trout, or mackinaw, a notoriously ravenous species that has been known to take a toll on other sport-fish populations. Once growing lake trout graduate from mysis, they move on to eat brown and rainbow trout, kokanee salmon and even char, Johnson said, adding that their introduction to the lake sitting at 9,000 feet would be a “tragic mistake.”
After three years of study, Johnson's research team, which also includes CSU fishery biology master's student Devin Olsen, CPW biologist Jon Ewert and lifelong scientist and financier Douglas Silver, remains hesitant to recommend a committed stocking effort of Arctic char for the foreseeable future, although the notion holds promise. Beyond the risk of unintended consequences, the obvious hurdle is the cost of raising enough char in the hatchery to put a dent in the mysis shrimp population that has thrived since its introduction to the lake in 1970.
Supporters believe that a portion of that expense may be recouped by changing Dillon Reservoir's reputation from that of an underwhelming trout fishery to a unique sport-fishing destination capable of increased contribution to fishing's $1.3 billion annual impact on the Colorado economy.
“You can catch trout anywhere in Colorado, so we want to focus on a unique fish in the state,” Silver said. “Now that we've jumped off on char, can we make Dillon into a boutique fishery, a place that brings people to Colorado? We're hoping that char can make Dillon into the destination fishery it deserves to be.”
With the death of a 44-year-old male named Angalifu, there are only five northern white rhinos left in the world, according to the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, which tweeted the news along with the above photo on Sunday. They came to California from the Khartoum Zoo in Sudan in August 1990, U-T San Diego reports. They died of old age.
"Angalifu's death is a tremendous loss to all of us," park curator Randy Rieches said in a statement to AP. "Not only because they were well beloved here at the park but also because their death brings this wonderful species one step closer to extinction."
The northern white rhinoceros (Ceratotherium simum cottoni), also known as the square-lipped rhino, once lived throughout parts of Uganda, Chad, Sudan, Central African Republic, and Democratic Republic of the Congo. As the second largest land animal, they can reach nearly two meters (six feet) in height, and the males can weigh up to 3,600 kilograms (almost 8,000 pounds). But their horns are valued for dagger handles and as aphrodisiacs, and poaching gangs have obliterated the species in the last five or so decades.
The remaining five are found at the San Diego Zoo (a female named Nola), Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic, and three in a preserve in Kenya, Washington Post reports. The three in Kenya -- a male named Sudan and two females named Najin and Fatu -- were sent to Kenya in hopes that they'd breed in a more natural setting.
Attempts to mate Angalifu with Nola have been unsuccessful, and just last week, preservationists at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya said that their one male and two females will not reproduce naturally. "Gauging the estrus cycle of the female is difficult,” Rieches tells the Los Angeles Times. "The rhino is one of the species that we're still working on to perfect artificial insemination." In vitro fertilization might be the only hope to keep the species alive.
Sizeable populations of the southern white rhinoceros (C. s. simum), a conservation success story, can be found in South Africa, with smaller reintroduced populations living throughout the southern half of the continent. One of these females may become a surrogate mother for the northern subspecies.
Introduction
If you still don't understand what this module does, you can read a detailed example here.
Requirements:
Requests:
For apps:
Code: What should open: http://xda-developers.com What is actually being opened because of the app's link masking: http://google.com/?q= http://xda-developers.com &sa=asnfioASFOASh01aF
For URL shorteners:
Reporting Issues:
Supported shorteners/hosts:
"t.co", "youtu.be", "bit.ly", "menea.me", "kcy.me", "goo.gl", "ow.ly", "j.mp", "redes.li", "dlvr.it", "tinyurl.com", "tmblr.co", "reut.rs", "sns.mx", "wp.me", "4sq.com", "ed.cl", "huff.to", "mun.do", "cos.as", "flip.it", "amzn.to", "cort.as", "on.cnn.com", "fb.me", "shar.es", "spr.ly", "v.ht", "v0v.in", "redd.it", "bitly.com", "tl.gd", "wh.gov", "hukd.mydealz.de", "untp.i", "kck.st", "engt.co", "nyti.ms", "cnnmon.ie", "vrge.co", "is.gd", "cnn.it", "spon.de", "affiliation.appgratuites-network.com", "t.cn", "url.cn", "ht.ly", "po.st", "ohmyyy.gt", "dustn.ws", "glm.io", "nazr.in", "chip.biz", "ift.tt", "dopice.sk", "phon.es", "buff.ly", "htn.to", "trib.al", "mhlthm.ag", "nerdi.st", "pulse.me", "y2u.be", "feedproxy.google.com", "mdk.to"
"m.facebook.com", "link2.tapatalk.com", "link.tapatalk.com", "google.com", "vk.com", "click.linksynergy.com", "youtube.com", "m.scope.am", "redirectingat.com", "jdoqocy.com", "viglink.com", "youtube.com" (for attribution links), "pt.tapatalk.com", "getpocket.com", "news.google.com", "mandrillapp.com"
Source code:
Download:
Changelog:
Quote: 2.8: New supported shorteners: htn.to, trib.al, mhlthm.ag, nerdi.st, pulse.me, y2u.be, feedproxy.google.com, mdk.to
New supported maskers: news.google.com, mandrillapp.com
Other minor improvements.
The request form has been slightly updated. The responses can now be viewed publicly (personal contact information has been removed from past submissions) so you can see the progress if you want: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets...it?usp=sharing 2.7.2: Fix for absolute URLs
Ignore <noscript> meta refreshes
Resolve All URLs: 'Only on WiFi' option
New URL shorteners: glm.io, nazr.in, chip.biz, ift.tt, dopice.sk, phon.es, buff.ly
New URL masker: getpocket.com 2.7: Added option to use the LongURL API to unshorten URLs.
Added Google Forms link to submit new URLs.
Added dustn.ws to URL shorteners.
Bug fixes.
Updated Slovak and Chinese translations. 2.6: Added new maskers: pt.tapatalk.com (support for the latest TapaTalk versions.)
Added new shorteners: ht.ly, po.st, ohmyyy.gt.
Avoid infinite loops if the URL can't be unmasked correctly.
Translations: added Russian, Brazilian Portuguese, updated Slovak. 2.5: Try to detect meta tag redirects for all hosts.
Use CookieManager to store cookies. This is necessary for e.g. nytimes which kept redirecting us in a loop otherwise.
Go back to using the default user agent, setting a custom one was apparently messing up some requests. 2.4: Add preference to disable resolving all URLs: *after* clicking a shortened URL and resolving it once, only known URL shorteners will be resolved. Consumes less bandwidth, but may not resolve all *nested* shortened URLs correctly. Example: goo.gl/something (known; resolve) -> tinyurl.com/something (known; resolve) -> some-unknown-shortener.com (unknown; do not resolve) -> ???
Spoof Firefox for Android's User Agent. This may be useful when the "Resolve All URLs" option is checked, as websites will send us the mobile versions instead (less bandwidth consumption.)
Use correct hook for ICS (the module wasn't working correctly for ICS devices.)
Fixed Dutch translation.
Avoid infinite loops. 2.3: Add support for YouTube attribution links.
Add Dutch and Greek translations.
Update German translation. 2.2: Confirmation dialog: handle back button;
Don't ignore unshortened links (useful for a masked URL inside a shortened one);
Handle subdomains for masked/shortened URLs and fix CrappaLinks ignoring those starting with "www.";
Better connection error feedback;
Chinese translation;
Added URL shortners: t.cn, url.cn;
Updated German translation. 2.1: Added option to show a confirmation dialog before opening unshortened URLs;
Fix issue with redirects that use relative Locations;
Added support for more hosts. apicdn.viglink.com, affiliation.appgratuites-network.com, spon.de. 2.0.2: Preserve the intent type (fixes bug with e.g. heise online.)
2.0.1: Bug fix, some URLs were detected as being masked when they shouldn't be (which caused an infinite loop.)
2.0: System wide support.
1.7.2: TapaTalk v2 bug fix.
1.7.1: Facebook bug fix.
1.7: New icon;
Fix slight issue with some Facebook links not being unmasked;
Added support for TapaTalk v2;
Bug fixes with Vk and the Play Store;
Added support for Slickdeals;
Added support for myDealZ;
Added preference to hide icon from launcher; 1.6: Added support for URL unshortening. You can turn this off if you want.
1.5: Added support for Scope.
1.4: Added support for Facebook and Vk.
1.3: Added Google Play support.
1.2: Added support for XDA Premium.
1.1: Possible fix for some links.
1.0: Initial release. Only supports TapaTalk. Preserve the intent type (fixes bug with e.g. heise online.)Bug fix, some URLs were detected as being masked when they shouldn't be (which caused an infinite loop.)System wide support.TapaTalk v2 bug fix.Facebook bug fix.Added support for URL unshortening. You can turn this off if you want.Added support for Scope.Added support for Facebook and Vk.Added Google Play support.Added support for XDA Premium.Possible fix for some links.Initial release. Only supports TapaTalk.
Thanks:
rovo89 and Tungstwenty for the Xposed Framework;
AChep for helping and testing various stuff;
julianjm for helping out with URL resolving;
DD-Ripper for the app's icon;
All translators and testers.
Some apps redirect all external links through their servers. This breaks intent filters (which means you can't open Play Store links with the Play Store, GitHub links with the GitHub app, etc - you're forced to use a browser to get past the redirection.)This module removes the crappy link redirection/masking/tracking from various apps.Also, if URL unshortening is enabled, the module will also try to resolve shortened URLs before opening them. This means that e.g. shortened links leading to YouTube (for example: http://bit.ly/1gf00Wo ) can be directly opened in the YouTube app.Non root users can use this app.When requesting support for an app you use, include its download link (e.g. Play Store.)Since it's unlikely I'm also using whatever app you want, I also need detailed information if e.g. link masking only happens in certain parts, and getting there isn't straightforward.Also gives an example of how the URL is formatted (what *should* open, and what is opening instead.) For example, this is what happens for the Play Store:... and I'll try my best to support it.URL shorteners that require user interaction, such as Adfly, won't be supported.Of course, pull requests are very welcome if you can do add support for it by yourself.Please include a non-filtered logcat when reporting issues, as well as the full URL if applicable.The best way to include a logcat is to use a pastebin such as bpaste.net, pastie.org, or ix.io.Do not use the Xposed Installer's "Log" section, as that's not made to give the full logcat.CrappaLinks supports the following URL shorteners:And these hosts for masked URLs:
Alex Salmond is preparing to stage a referendum on Scottish independence that will offer voters a second option – full financial autonomy while remaining part of the United Kingdom.
In an exclusive interview with the Guardian, the first minister said that allowing Scotland to have fiscal autonomy without full independence was "a very popular option" with "plenty of evidence" of public support. "I think there's a case for that. The case is essentially a democratic case," they said.
Their move towards staging a two-question poll comes after several weeks of mounting pressure from David Cameron and Nick Clegg to clarify their plans for the referendum, which is due to take place in 2014 or 2015.
Although they confirmed that they expect 16- and 17-year-olds will be allowed to vote in the referendum, for the first time in British electoral history, Salmond has so far refused to publish details about the proposal, including the exact questions.
During last week's Tory party conference, Cameron taunted the first minister for their reticence, accusing them of being a "big feartie", running scared of the voters, because they knew independence did not have majority support. At the Liberal Democrat conference, Clegg challenged Salmond to have "the courage of their convictions" by holding a single-question "yes or no" referendum.
But, said Salmond, the Tories and the Lib Dems had "no mandate whatsoever, not a scintilla of a mandate" in Scotland, having come a poor third and fourth at elections in 2010 and 2011, and could not jointly command a majority in Scotland.
"It's absurd for a prime minister to assume they have any legitimacy in instructing the Scottish parliament when it should hold a referendum on Scotland's constitutional future, when we've got an impeccable mandate reinforced by a massive popular assent while they've no mandate whatsoever. The days of Tory PMs telling Scotland what to do are over," they said.
The vote on Scottish independence is now almost certain to take place, after Salmond won an unprecedented victory in May's elections for the devolved Scottish parliament, winning the first overall majority at Holyrood.
Many observers expect the referendum to be staged before or around the next UK general election in May 2015, but polling shows the SNP has yet to convince a majority of voters to support full independence, making a less dramatic second option very attractive to Salmond.
Recent polls suggest up to 38% of Scots support independence, but the vast majority of polls and the most authoritative studies of Scottish public opinion show that fiscal autonomy within the UK – an option known as "devo max" – is the most popular option by two to one.
Under that option, the Scottish parliament would raise all its own taxes and run its own welfare system, but would share services such as defence, overseas aid and foreign affairs with the rest of the UK. Holyrood currently controls all education, health, policing, local taxation, environment and domestic transport policies.
The UK government is pushing for further measures to give Holyrood control over income tax rates, allow it to borrow at least £2.2bn and set other minor taxes through Westminster as part of the Scotland bill, as ministers speed up devolution across the UK. The Welsh and Northern Irish governments are also likely to get further minor tax and financial powers: Stormont was given control last month of air passenger duty.
Offering Scots a second referendum option might make life difficult for Clegg and the Lib Dems in the UK government. On Saturday, the Scottish Lib Dems agreed to reinvigorate their campaign for Scottish "home rule" within the UK. This position is close to fiscal autonomy, but Willie Rennie, the leader of the Scottish Lib Dems, insisted their proposal was to introduce fiscal federalism for all parts of the UK, not to give Scotland special treatment.
However Danny Alexander, the chief secretary to the Treasury and the most senior Scot in the UK cabinet, ruled out any significant extra powers for Scotland in the near future, beyond new measures in the Scotland bill, suggesting they would object to any Lib Dem support for Salmond's second question. They said those would "take years to work out", and that should be prioritised. "I don't rule out further change, but I would say that the most important thing is to take [on] the provisions in the Scotland bill, which are hugely ambitious, hugely significant actually and in some ways more significant than devolution itself. This is the biggest shift in financial powers and accountability within the UK for 300 years."
Salmond said that Donald Dewar, the architect of Scottish devolution, had set a precedent when Labour's devolution referendum in 1997 asked voters to make a choice about devolution and whether or not to give Holyrood tax-altering powers. The answer was "yes" to both.
Salmond said civic society groups, pressure groups such as Reform Scotland and senior business people such as Jim McColl, an advocate of greater fiscal powers for Scotland had indicated "broad support" for a second option. They could back a non-party campaign for fiscal autonomy. "So people then vote for independence or the status quo [or] they could also vote for fiscal autonomy or the status quo. Not, incidentally, three questions on a ballot paper: two questions á la 1997," they said.
Cameron has accepted that Salmond has a clear mandate to stage the referendum without interference from UK government, but senior figures in the coalition and Labour are exploring options for Westminster to influence or oversee the vote.
They have raised fears that the Scottish government could skew the referendum by setting a biased question, using unfair methods of choosing voters or fixing unfair rules for campaign donations. Labour sources have said the Electoral Commission should be allowed to set the questions and rules for donations.
I do not like violence. I do not think that very much is gained by burning banks and smashing windows. And yet I feel a surge of pleasure when I see the reaction in Athens and the other cities in Greece to the acceptance by the Greek parliament of the measures imposed by the European Union. More: if there had not been an explosion of anger, I would have felt adrift in a sea of depression.
The joy is the joy of seeing the much-trodden worm turn and roar. The joy of seeing those whose cheeks have been slapped a thousand times slapping back. How can we ask of people that they accept meekly the ferocious cuts in living standards that the austerity measures imply? Do we want them to just agree that the massive creative potential of so many young people should be just eliminated, their talents trapped in a life of long-term unemployment? All that just so that the banks can be repaid, the rich made richer? All that, just to maintain a capitalist system that has long since passed its sell-by date, that now offers the world nothing but destruction. For the Greeks to accept the measures meekly would be to multiply depression by depression, the depression of a failed system compounded by the depression of lost dignity.
The violence of the reaction in Greece is a cry that goes out to the world. How long will we sit still and see the world torn apart by these barbarians, the rich, the banks? How long will we stand by and watch the injustices increase, see the health service dismantled, education reduced to uncritical nonsense, the water resources of the world privatised, communities wiped out and the earth torn up for the profits of mining companies?
The attack that is so acute in Greece is taking place all over the world. Everywhere money is subjecting human and non-human life to its logic, the logic of profit. This is not new, but the intensity and breadth of the attack is new, and new too is the general awareness that the current dynamic is a dynamic of death, that it is likely that we are all heading towards the annihilation of human life on earth. When the learned commentators explain the details of the latest negotiations between the governments on the future of the eurozone, they forget to mention that what is being negotiated so blithely is the future of humanity.
We are all Greeks. We are all subjects whose subjectivity is simply being flattened by the steamroller of a history determined by the movement of the money markets. Or so it seems and so they would have it. Millions of Italians protested over and over again against Silvio Berlusconi but it was the money markets that brought them down. The same in Greece: demonstration after demonstration against George Papandreou, but in the end it was the money markets that dismissed him. In both cases, loyal and proven servants of money were appointed to take the place of the fallen politicians, without even a pretence of popular consultation. This is not even history made by the rich and powerful, though certainly they profit from it: it is history made by a dynamic that nobody controls, a dynamic that is destroying the world, if we let it.
The flames in Athens are flames of rage, and we rejoice in them. And yet, rage is dangerous. If it is personalised or turned against particular groups of people (the Germans, in this case), it can so easily become purely destructive. It is no coincidence that the first minister to resign in protest against the latest round of austerity measures in Greece was a leader of the extreme right party, Laos. Rage can so easily become a nationalist, even fascist rage; a rage that does nothing to make the world better. It is important, then, to be clear that our rage is not a rage against the Germans, not even a rage against Angela Merkel or David Cameron or Nicolas Sarkozy. These politicians are just arrogant and pitiful symbols of the real object of our rage – the rule of money, the subjection of all life to the logic of profit.
Love and rage, rage and love. Love has been an important theme in the struggles that have redefined the meaning of politics over the last year, a constant theme of the Occupy movements, a profound feeling even at the heart of the violent clashes in many parts of the world. Yet love walks hand in hand with rage, the rage of "how dare they take our lives away from us, how dare they treat us like objects". The rage of a different world forcing its way through the obscenity of the world that surrounds us. Perhaps.
That pushing through of a different world is not just a question of rage, although rage is part of it. It necessarily involves the patient construction of a different way of doing things, the creation of different forms of social cohesion and mutual support. Behind the spectacle of the burning banks in Greece lies a deeper process, a quieter movement of people refusing to pay bus fares, electricity bills, motorway tolls, bank debts; a movement, born of necessity and conviction, of people organising their lives in a different way, creating communities of mutual support and food networks, squatting empty buildings and land, creating community gardens, returning to the countryside, turning their backs on the politicians (who are now afraid to show themselves in the streets) and creating directly democratic forms of taking social decisions. Still insufficient perhaps, still experimental, but crucial. Behind the spectacular flames, it is this searching for and creation of a different way of living that will determine the future of Greece, and of the world.
For this coming Saturday action throughout the world has been called for in support of the revolt in Greece. We are all Greeks.
• Follow Comment is free on Twitter @commentisfree
SonaMoo
A principios de julio del 2014, se reporto que TS Entertainment formaría un nuevo grupo de chicas.
Un representante de la agencia explicó: “Estas chicas tienen talentos ocultos que aún no han sido revelados. Nuestra agencia les está apoyando con mucha ilusión. No se arrepentirán de tener que soportar una larga espera para conocer a este nuevo grupo”. Dicha agencia después reveló que el grupo se llamaría SONAMOO.
Tras la revelación del nombre, el 15 de octubre del 2014 se dieron a conocer las primeras tres integrantes del grupo: Nahyun, New Sun y Eui Jin; mostrando sus respectivas fotografías, puesto que en la misma fecha se creó la cuenta oficial del grupo, y es allí donde se fueron revelando sus redes sociales.
Más tarde, el 31 de octubre del 2014 fue revelada una pista de rap creada por la cuarta integrante de SONAMOO, titulado: “Light the fire”; el cual recibió muy buenas críticas. El rap que compuso la cuarta integrante se basó en algunas letras del grupo K-Pop B.A.P. Se hizo un concurso para buscar un nombre artístico para esta integrante, y los fans quisieron llamarla D.ana, cuyo significado es: “La diosa de la luna”. Después, su foto fue revelada junto a la pista de rap de New Sun, donde demostró sus habilidades como rapera, cuyo título es: “As If Putting On An Armor”.
El 11 de diciembre del 2014, otra pista musical fue revelada, en la cual la quinta integrante mostró sus habilidades en el canto haciendo una cover de la canción de Jennifer Hudson: “And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going”, llamada High.D. Finalmente, las dos últimas integrantes fueron reveladas; Sumin y Minjae.
2014: Debut con su primer Mini-Álbum ‘Deja Vu'
El 18 de diciembre, fue lanzado su trailer debut, el cual mostró partes de la grabación de su primer videoclip y la fecha oficial del debut.
El 29 de diciembre, SONAMOO debuto con su canción ‘Deja Vu' y el mini album del mismo nombre, su album cuenta de seis canciones que son ‘Love Call', ‘The Nation's Little Sister', ‘We Keep Going' , ‘The Giving Tree' y el instrumental de “Deja Vu”.
Las chicas de SONAMOO llegan con una imagen vanguardista que las diferencia de muchos otros grupos femeninos. Mostrando un concepto lleno de energía y con sonido hip-hop, el grupo ofrece algo distinto a través de esta canción principal con sus impresionantes voces y fuerte coreografía.
Su primer album se coloco en el primer lugar de la lista semanal de álbumes de Gaon con su mini-álbum titulado “Deja Vu“, siendo el debut más exitoso que ha tenido TS Entertainment. ‘Deja Vu' tuvo una dura competencia contra otros grupos veteranos como EXO, Apink Y SHINee pero se impuso en el numero 1# algo increíble para un grupo rookie.
Un portavoz de la agencia explicó: “Algunas de las chicas han estado entrenando durante cuatro años o más y realmente se puede notar en el álbum. Eso es lo que ha llamado la atención de los fans. La música de Sonamoo es fresca y vital”.
2015: Segundo sencillo ‘Just Go'
A principios de marzo, TS Entertainment dio a conocer a través de Twitter que SONAMOO regresaría con su segunda cancion promocional “Just Go!” el 25 de marzo del 2015.
Para sus promociones de ‘Just Go!', SONAMOO se transformaría en un grupo de chicas rookie con un estilismo escolar y un aire mucho más dulce y tierno, perfecto para el brillante y pegadizo ritmo Pop de la canción.
El significado de la canción gustó mucho a todos por querer dar un mensaje de ánimo y apoyo a todas aquellas personas que tienen miedo de hacer sus sueños realidad. En resumen, es una canción purificante y de aliento, que te alegrará y sanará cada vez que la escuches. La coreografía de la canción fue creada por el grupo de coreografía Play, que ha creado numerosos bailes emblemáticos de los éxitos de Secret.
Sonamoo comenzará la promoción de su enérgico siguiente single “Just Go” en “Show Champion” de MBC el 25 de febrero.
Regreso con Segundo Mini-Álbum ‘Cushion'
El 1 de julio TS Entertainment revelo que el grupo regresaria en verano con una nueva imagen fresca y alegre. Para la canción principal del nuevo álbum, ellas trabajaron con EastWest, quien es un nuevo productor bajo el equipo de compositores creadores de éxitos Double Sidekick. La canción además presentara al rapero uNo. uNo es el hermano mayor de Zico de Block B.
La nueva canción tendrá al hip hop como base, pero también añadirá elementos electrónicos y de rock para brindar una fresca perspectiva. La letra usa adorables palabras que pueden exhibir las puras emociones de las sietes jovencitas.
D.ana y Newsun, quienes están a cargo del rap en el grupo, contribuyeron en escribir las letras de las canciones en el álbum, creando un nombre para sí mismas como cantantes-compositoras.
El 15 de julio ‘SONAMOO' revelo un teaser video para su cancion principal ‘Cushion', las integrantes muestran una imagen muy diferente a la de su debut mostrando una imagen alegre y refrescante.
TS Entertainment, comentó: “Al inicio, tuvieron un concepto hip hop ‘Vieja Escuela', pero el concepto de este álbum es ‘Escuela Futura'. Aspiramos mostrar música trendy y con estilo”.
El 20 de julio ‘SONAMOO' regreso con su segundo mini album y la cancion principal del mismo nombre ‘Cushion', el grupo tendra su showcase de comeback en el Yes24s Muv Hall en Hongdae el mismo dia de su regreso.
2016: Tercer Mini-Álbum ‘I Like U Too Much'
El 9 de junio, TS Entertainment lanzo la primera imagen teaser conceptual la cual es una ilustración de una garra recogiendo una muñeca Barbie de color rosa de un montón de muñecas Barbie, el grupo regresará este próximo 29 de junio con su tercer mini album titulado ‘I Like U Too Much'.
El 22 de junio ‘SONAMOO' reveló un medley para su tercer mini álbum ‘I Like U Too Much' los audio adelantos son para las seis canciones “Closer”, “Sense Man”, “B.F.”, “I Like U Too Much”, “Sugar” y “I Do Love You”.
Con el sonido de su canción principal ‘I Like U Too Much', parece que las chicas regresarán con un concepto más alegre que sus canciones anteriores.
TS Entertainment reveló que las integrantes se transformarán en chicas ideales en el video musical, interpretando sus características y estilos individuales.
El 29 de junio ‘SONAMOO' realizo su regreso con el video musical para ‘I Like U Too Much', en el video, las siete chicas expresan sus sentimientos de amor. Cada integrante se transforma en la chica ideal incluyendo una mecánica, boxeadora, DJ y más. La letra discute querer pasar más tiempo con la persona que te gusta. La canción contiene una variedad de sonidos y beats diferentes, resultando en un pegadizo y vibrante tema.
2017: Primer Single ‘I Think I Love U'
El 21 de diciembre, ‘SONAMOO' anunció la noticia de su regreso con una foto teaser en su página web oficial que dice: “Cuando siete luces de luna aterrizan en la tierra helada, comienza la nueva historia de Green Moon”.
Según TS Entertainment, la nueva canción de ‘SONAMOO' es producida por Shin Hyuk, cuyos trabajos anteriores incluyen “One Less Lonely Girl” de Justin Bieber, “Growl” de EXO, Voodoo Doll de VIXX, Dream Girl de SHINee y mucho más. Su nuevo sencillo es una canción de baile que será más brillante y animada que su anterior canción titulada ‘I Like U Too Much'.
El 23 de diciembre, TS Entertainment reveló un póster agenda para el comeback del grupo.
El álbum sencillo del grupo y canción principal son llamadas ‘Do I Like You?'. La agenda de ‘SONAMOO' revela que imágenes teaser individuales serán reveladas a partir del 27 de Diciembre. La imagen teaser grupal será publicada el 29 de Diciembre mientras que la portada del álbum será compartida el 2 de Enero. Después, el trailer del álbum será publicado el 4 de Enero con un video teaser el 6 de Enero. Finalmente, el grupo lanzará su nuevo sencillo el 9 de Enero.
El 2 de enero TS Entertainment revelo la portada para su single ‘Do I Like You?', según TS Entertainment, el arte del álbum se inspira en la temporada de invierno. La portada rosada y blanca complementa el encanto más juvenil e inocente de las muchachas, mientras que la portada verde tiene un concepto un poco más audaz y soñador.
El 9 de Enero, el grupo reveló su primer álbum sencillo y video musical para su canción principal ‘Do I Like You?'. La canción alegre fue producida por Shin Hyuk, quien estuvo a cargo de populares canciones como “Growl” de EXO, “Voodoo Doll” de VIXX, “Dream Girl” de SHINee y muchas más.
El álbum también contiene otros tres nuevos temas que presumen de su crecimiento musical.
Proyecto “HAPPY BOX Project”:
El 26 de julio, “TS Entertainment” anunció a través una imagen, que el próximo proyecto musical del grupo se titula “HAPPY BOX Proyect”, el cual consiste en que SONAMOO liberará una nueva canción durante los próximos tres meses. “TS Entertainment” revelo que la primera pista será lanzada el 14 de agosto.
Primer Single Digital ‘Friday Night'
El 2 de agosto, “TS Entertainment” revelo una imagen teaser grupal para su primer single “Friday Night”, la imagen muestra a las integrantes sensuales y elegantes posando con los mismos conjuntos entre luces de neon azules y moradas que muestra un concepto maduro.
Del 3 al 4, “TS Entertainment” fue revelando imagenes teasers individuales que siguen con su concepto sensual y elegante que mostraron en su imagen grupal previa. El 5 de agosto, “TS Entertainment” revelo imagenes teasers individuales y grupales en su version “B” que muestran a las integrantes mas relajas y sonrientes.
El 9 de agosto, “TS Entertainment” revelo un video teaser para su primer single digital “Friday Night”, el breve video muestra a las integrantes divirtiendose en un estudio morado inundado. El video tambien muestra un avance de nueva cancion.
El 14 de agosto, “TS Entertainment” revelo el video musical para “Friday Night” que es la primer parte de su proyecto “HAPPY BOX Proyect”. El 19 de agosto SONAMOO tuvo su presentacionde regreso atraves del programa musical “Show Champion”.
Segundo Single Digital ‘I (Knew it) ‘
El 24 y 25 de octubre, SONAMOO revelo imagenes teasers individuales para la segunda parte de su proyecto trimestral “HAPPY BOX Project”. Las imagenes muestran a las integrantes con un estilo femenino rodeadas de flores.
Del 26 al 27 de octubre, SONAMOO revelo videos teasers para “HAPPY BOX Project 2”, los breves videos muestran a las integrantes rodeadas de flores y de fondo adelanta lo que parece una muestra de su nueva cancion.
El 31 de octubre, TS Entertainment revelo que SONAMOO haria su regreso con su cancion principal titulada “I (Knew it)”, la cancion a sido producida por e.one quien a trabajado con grupos como Wonder Girls, Cosmic Girls y April. “I(Knew it) ” es definida como una cancion dance de medio tiempo con un acompañamiento acustico de guitarra y elemtnos ritmos de saxophone.
El 2 de noviembre, TS Entertainment revelo un video trailer para su proyecto “HAPPY BOX Project Part2”, el breve video muestra un adelanto del video musical para la cancion principal del grupo “I (Knew it)” asi como una previa de la coreografia y el sonido de su nueva pista.
El 6 de noviembre SONAMOO hizo su regreso con su segundo single digital “I (Knew it)”.“I” se refiere a la niña que llora dentro de ellas (la palabra coreana para “niño/a” suena igual que la pronunciación de la palabra ingles “I”).
I spent a bit of time recently with Simon Heseltine.  They are the director of search engine optimization for AOL and Huffington Post. I met Simon at an event a few months ago and I have been eager and looking forward to this interview.
PS: I was talking to you before we started recording about an article that you wrote about making sure your website is up to snuff, and doing what it needs to be doing. A lot of us build our sites, and then forget about them. If somebody had a site up for about a year or so, what are the kinds of things that need to be done? Things that we may not look at enough on a regular basis?
SH: Well, Google makes so many changes to the algorithm on a regular basis. In 2010, it was over one per day. Now, some of those you are never going to notice, it is moving the strength of a certain element from .01 percent to .015 percent; but some of those really big ones you do notice. Last year we had some huge updates that really did hit a lot of different websites. If you are not really taking a close look at your website and not looking at the analytics on a regular basis, you will not notice the impact some of these smaller ones have had on your site. You could be getting pecked away at piece by piece if you are not continually looking back to make sure that you are in fact up to date with your search engine optimization efforts. Then of course you have the issue of your competitors out there; they are building links or modifying their sites. You need to make sure that you are on top of that and can identify with what is going on with them.
PS: Business owners are out there listening to this saying, "Yeah, I get it, you're right." With Google changing their algorithms, I remember there was a time when it was once or twice a year. Now, if a month goes by and they don't do it, it is surprising. How does a business owner know what to do with their site to keep it up to par?
SH:There are many different sources to read to find out about the latest news. Google Webmaster blog now puts out a monthly report that gives you a high level overview of some of the changes in the previous month. It is not going to give you in-depth details, but it is going to let you know that they have made modifications. It will give you an idea of what kind of things you need to look at.
PS: Please talk more about what is in your blog; you mentioned "search yourself." How is that useful when you are trying to figure out if your site is still up to snuff?
SH:Well, when you go out there you do need to take a look every now and again to see what people are seeing when they search your key terms. Is it the brand or the key terms? Now more often than not you are going to be focused on those key brand terms, you have got to be focused on whatever it is you are trying to sell, or the title of your latest post. You might forget to go and take a look at your brand itself. It is possible that something may have atrophied on your site. Some plug-in may have failed; some code may have been inadvertently pushed-out there. Suddenly you have lost your description tag. Suddenly what is being shown in the search results is not a good call to action. Or it could just be that your site links, which is when somebody searches for you, they get six to 10 different blue links directly below your name that link to specific pages on your site. Google considers them to be good pages on your site, but they are not always the best pages on your site. They are not the pages that you are trying to direct traffic to; so you want to go in there and see what ones you don't want in there. You then have the ability to go in to you Google Webmaster tools and say that I do not want that particular site link in there.
PS: The other piece on your blog was "Eat your own dog food." I love that phrase! Please talk to us about what you mean about that.
SH:Every now and again go through your order process. Order some of your own product. Figure out if it is as intuitive as you think it is supposed to be. Has somebody on your staff who is not involved with development, go in and place an order for your product. Watch them, see how it goes with them, and see if anything has changed. It could be that something is not as intuitive as you think it is. In my past life as a developer, I knew how the users were going to use the site. It didn't mean they were going to use it that way, but I knew how they were going to use it. So you do need to go through and actually eat your own dog food. Run through your entire process yourself to make sure it is as intuitive as it needs to be.
PS: That is such a good idea. We try to do it once a quarter and I am horrified when I see the "404 pages not found." The other issues are the plug-ins. A lot of people are using Wordpress as a platform. Our site is built entirely in Wordpress and plug-ins sometimes give us a lot of issues with the loading of the site and what not.
SH:The thing about relying on a third party is, are they reliable? Is that plug-in going to give you what you need from it, is it going to be there, or is it going to fail? Is it going to continue to be up-to-date with the newest versions of wordpress?
PS: Have you been seeing a trend with virus issues? Not necessarily getting hacked, but last week we had a situation where someone loaded our site and something came up that said there is a virus. Somehow it embeds itself into the site. Have you been seeing that?
SH:Yes, I have been seeing a bit of that. In fact I did an article in February on Search Engine Watch. It talked about somebody who had been running for state senate, their wordpress site had been hacked and displayed information on Canadian pharmaceuticals. When I did a search on some of the key phrases I found on their site, I found a large number of sites that used the same version of wordpress that their site was using, and they had the same issue. They had been hacked and the Canadian pharmaceutical stuff was embedded, you could not actually see it on the page, but links were hidden in the background of their site. If you are using Wordpress, you need to make sure that you are using the latest version. They will let you know when they are having security issues, so make sure you have updated as soon as you can.
PS: What is the best way to inspect yourself? Going through page by page? How do you recommend somebody do this?
SH:There are different crawlers out there that allow you to do a crawl on your website, they will come back and say what the issues are that they found. Whether it is broken links or incorrect links, missing descriptions or multiple tags, they will come back and let you know what these issues are. You can then determine whether or not they are worth fixing. One tool that I use is Microsoft's IIS SEO toolkit; it is a great little tool. You run it and it crawls up to a million pages, and then gives you a list of errors on the site.
I will tell you a little story about inspecting your site regularly; there was someone that I was talking to the other week who was having an issue with their site. Their rankings started to drop off and they could not understand why. I took a quick look at their site and found that every page had no index on it. This tells the search engines to not put this page in to their search index. They were telling the search engines that we do not want to be found, and that is why their rankings were dropping. This impacted them quite heavily, and it was not them that did it. There was a third party that was hosting their website. That is why you need to keep an eye on things, look at your analytics regularly with daily or weekly reports.
PS: What do you feel is the best analytics program out there?
SH:There are all kinds of different ones. I am from Yorkshire where we are careful with our money, so you know Google Analytics is a very good price at free.
PS: After speaking to various people who have said that they do not know how to read their analytics, the better question is "Which analytic is easier to understand?
SH: It comes down to comfort really. Getting in there and playing with them and seeing which one is more intuitive. I have worked with Webtrends, Omniture, and Google Analytics, Clicktracks and WebSide Story, there are lots of them out there. It is a matter of which one you find works the best for you. There are other tools that you plug on to the analytics that can present the data in different ways for you. Again it is a matter of your own comfort level.
PS: Two more quick questions on analytics. What is the most important number to look at on the analytics? The second question, what is a reasonable bounce rate? That tends to be pretty confusing for a lot of people.
SH:To the first one, a really good answer is "it depends." It depends on what your business is. If your business is e-commerce ,then what you care about is your conversions. Then you will want to look at the whole conversion funnel, see exactly what percentage you are getting through, what your click rate is coming in, what your conversion rate is on the end. See if there are ways to funnel more people through. If you are not an e-commerce site, but purely a CPM-based advertising site, "it's about getting bums on seats." It is about getting the eyeballs on your site, getting that traffic there and that is what you are looking for. You are looking at your page views, you are looking at your organic traffic and that is what is most important for you.
As far as bounce rate goes it depends on the type of site and page you have. Obviously anything that is 85-plus is not good. I had somebody ping me about a site they were working with that had 100 percent bounce rate -- which is not good at all. It does depend on the site and content on that page. It is possible to have a page with a high bounce rate that is still performing well for you. If the terms the people are coming to that page for are really broad, then potentially you are hitting that percentage of the traffic that did want to find you. In that case you need to look at the keywords that are driving the traffic to that page, and really tighten that page up so that it is more focused around those particular keywords, and you can ignore the rest of the stuff that is not driving your traffic or conversions for you. Or if you do want to grab that broader traffic as well, then create another page that is targeting that more specifically.
Dolly Shorten is banging on about this point – every other country with a car industry provides subsidies and our subsidies are the lowest of them all. A figure of $US 17 per capita is trotted out for Australia compared with $US 264 in the US (which would amount to about $23,000 per car in Australia).
As you all know, I am firmly in the “if it looks wrong, it is wrong” school and so I went to the PC position paper on automotive manufacturing to find out the truth (the PC is really good at this sort of thing).
Here is the PC's caution:
In the Commission's view, care should be taken when comparing assistance arrangements across countries. As has been evident from the Commission's research for this inquiry (and its previous work), and from analyses undertaken by
others (box 2.7), the feasibility of robustly quantifying and comparing assistance levels across countries is doubtful.
But go to page 61 of the position paper and you will find out where the $17 and the $264 figure come from. For starters, a crazy year was selected – 2009 during the GFC. And then the authors simply add up all sorts of different types of assistance (loan guarantees, cash grants, general industry assistance) to get the final figures. And why use per capita as the basis of the comparison – per vehicle makes much more sense.
When the figures were reworked on a more sensible basis, the comparison of government assistance rates across countries is completely reversed.
Australia has the highest rate of budgetary assistance to the automotive industry at $US 1885 per vehicle, with the next closest Sweden at $297 per vehicle. In point of fact, the figure for the US came in at only $166 per vehicle and Germany at $206 per vehicle.
Dolly may need to actually read something on this topic before they sound off anymore.
the price is right
The cost of installing solar energy is going to plummet again.
Utility-scale solar power costs could drop 60 percent over the next 10 years, provided the Trump administration refrains from tanking the solar industry.
The already booming renewable energy sector will see a sharp drop in costs thanks to improvements in efficiency and technology, the head of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) told Reuters on Monday. The agency expects the cost of batteries, an essential and expensive piece of the transition to renewables, to drop by 60 to 70 percent in the next 10 years.
IRENA predicts the world will add 80 to 90 gigawatts of new solar capacity each year for the next five to six years. For reference, one gigawatt can power a medium-sized city.
Renewables now provide a quarter of the world's power, but not all countries are embracing them with equal enthusiasm. President Donald Trump may impose a tariff on imported solar panels to protect domestic panel makers. If they choose to limit imports, the price of solar in America could double.
Nowadays the Silicon Valley is either celebrated as a hotbed of creativity or condemned as a cauldron of greed and wealth inequality.
While there are certainly some talented and even idealistic people in the Valley, there's also an excess of shallow libertarianism, from people who have enriched themselves with government-created technology who then decide they're being held back by government. That's shortsighted and vain. And yes, there are serious problems with sexism and age discrimination – problems which manifest themselves with some ugly behavior.
Advertisement:
But such ethical problems aren't solely, or even primarily, the product of individual character defects. They're the result of self-reinforcing cultural norms at work. Anthropologists and sociologists could do worse than study the tech culture of the Silicon Valley. It would be important work, in fact, because this insular culture is having a deep and lasting impact on our economy and society.
Here, to star them off, are five socially destructive aspects of Silicon Valley culture:
1. Tech products become the byproducts of a money-making scheme rather than an end unto themselves.
It's almost inevitable when big money enters the picture: Smart or talented people are drawn to a field for the chance to get rich, not necessarily because it's where their greatest talents or dreams lie. The same thing has happened to field as diverse as film, pop music, and the financial sector. There's nothing wrong with getting rich, but it should be the byproduct of a happy marriage between talent and inspiration.
But here's how it works instead: The goal of entrepreneurs and innovators was once summed up in the cliched phrase, “build a better mousetrap.” But for many Silicon Valley products and services, including services like Uber and AirBnB, the goal now is to build a product which can be hyped into a multi-billion-dollar valuation – preferably by winning as much market share as possible, and then using that market position to engage in the kinds of practices usually reserved for monopolies and monopsonies (markets in which there is only one buyer). This process is described in more detail here.
Instead of building a better mousetrap, the new Silicon Valley business model works like this:
Advertisement:
i. Give your “mousetrap” away for free, or as close to free as you can make it. (Since you're working with digital signals transmitted over a government-invented network, that can usually be done at minimal cost. In other cases it pays to benefit from a government tax loophole (see Amazon) or make an end run around the regulations your competitors must follow (see Uber, Lyft, and AirBnB).
ii. Use these government-conferred advantages, along with your own aggressive market moves, to gain a large or decisive marketshare. (See Amazon, Facebook, etc.) In exceptional cases, actually build brilliant and superior software to win your market share. (See Google.)
iii. Use your newfound market share to a) bend government to your will wherever possible, b) screw down your suppliers' prices, c) hit your customers with increased prices and/or new ads or other profit-making devices, and d) manipulate your customers without their knowledge. (See Uber, Amazon, Google, Facebook, et al.)
This business model has directed much of the Valley's efforts away from inventing genuinely creative new products – and toward the kinds of aggressive tactics that, as we've written before, would be very familiar to the Robber Barons of the 19th century.
Advertisement:
2. Even inspired leaders internalize a worldview which places profits over humane behavior.
Steve Jobs is a prime example of this phenomenon. As an early innovator in the tech field, Jobs – however interested they were in making money – was not drawn to the field for the sake of money alone. Nor was they following in the footsteps of others, seeking to replicate the successes of a Zuckerberg or a Sergey Brin, as newcomers to the field are now. Jobs possessed a genuinely inspired design vision, from the earliest days of their career to theirs last.
And yet, for all their gifts, the pursuit of wealth led Jobs to commit some morally reprehensible deeds. As “white collar criminologist” William K. Black Jr. told me in a 2012 radio interview, Jobs' drive to maximize profits – and their craving to get new products to market as quickly as possible – almost certainly led them to knowingly ignore abuses and safety threats to the Chinese workers who built their products. That, in turn, led to dormitory-based workers being forced to work under extreme conditions. These unheeded warnings also led to the horrific burning deaths of several workers.
Advertisement:
Amazon's Jeff Bezos is also unquestionably an innovator. But the working conditions which Amazon's warehouse workers endure would seem familiar to their Apple counterparts in China. As documented by Simon Head in their book “Mindless: Why Smarter Machines Are Making Dumber Humans” (excerpt here), Amazon's American warehouse workers are subjected to ever-harsher production expectations and invasive measurement techniques. Head documents the case of a Pennsylvania employee who worked 11-hour shifts and was ultimately fired for “unproductive periods” which lasted only minutes. GPS devices in an England warehouse tell workers which routes they must travel – inside the warehouse – and their expected travel time.
Amazon's German operations employed “a security firm with alleged neo-Nazi connections that … intimidated temporary workers lodged in a company dormitory … with guards entering their rooms without permission at all times of the day and night.” An Allentown facility which lacked air conditioning repeatedly reached temperatures of more than 100 degrees one summer. More than fifteen workers collapsed, but supervisors refused to open garage doors. Reports Head: “Calls to the local ambulance service became so frequent that for five hot days in June and July, ambulances and paramedics were stationed all day at the depot.”
A number of Silicon Valley CEOs were also implicated in a widespread conspiracy to illegally suppress wages and prevent job-seeking from engineers and other key employees. Mark Ames, who has reported extensively on the conspiracy, wrote that “confidential internal Google and Apple memos … clearly show that what began as a secret cartel agreement between Apple's Steve Jobs and Google's Eric Schmidt to illegally fix the labor market for hi-tech workers, expanded within a few years to include companies ranging from Dell, IBM, eBay and Microsoft, to Comcast, Clear Channel, Dreamworks, and London-based public relations behemoth WPP.”
Advertisement:
These incidents are by no means exceptions in the Silicon Valley culture. The most generous way to interpret behavior like this is to assume that Steve Jobs and operated in a culture whose worldview downplayed the human impact of business practices. That, in fact, is reinforced by other aspects of Silicon Valley's leadership society.
3. The culture encourages a solipsistic detachment from reality, even as its brute economic strength colonizes everything it touches.
A dispassionate observer might be tempted to wonder how a culture filled with so many smart people can remain so unaware of, and/or disinterested in, their effect on other people's lives?
For many of them, the evidence is literally right before their eyes: San Francisco's richness and diversity is being drained away, as the city becomes unaffordable for more and more of its citizens. They are all good with numbers, so the statistics on growing wealth inequality should not be hard for them to understand. And their arguments – e.g., that the “sharing economy” will benefit struggling Americans – are easily punctured by even a superficial look at US demographics. (Are struggling Milwaukee residents going to get rich driving tourists around their battered town, or renting out their inner-city apartments on AirBnB?)
Advertisement:
Most of the tech executives I've known aren't bad guys. (To be clear, I haven't met Uber's leadership – with the exception of a brief encounter with former Obama advisor David Plouffe – and they certainly appear to be an exception.) But even many of the “good” ones seem oblivious to the effect of their own behavior.
To a certain extent that's an occupational hazard. I've spent just enough time hammering out software in the glow of a computer screen to see how easily a synthetic world can replace the one inhabited by other human beings.
But there are correctives for that: reading, contemplation, speaking with human beings from different walks of life. The Valley's tech culture doesn't seem to encourage that – to its detriment, and that of society as a whole.
4. The Valley gets fixated on lame (and sometimes antisocial) buzzwords.
Advertisement:
“Move fast and break things,” said Mark Zuckerberg in a much-repeated quotation. Other tech types prattle on about “the next Big Idea.” And almost everyone wants to “disrupt” an existing industry.
Why is it good to “move fast and break things”? Isn't it usually wiser to move carefully and build things? There may be times when it's wise to act rapidly, or break with conventional ways of doing things. But there are also times when a hastily-executed rollout dooms a product. Sometimes it makes sense to improve the established ways of doing things, rather than upend them altogether.
When you think about it, what does this expression even mean? It's only repeated because a) it sounds smart, and b) it was spoken by someone who is extremely wealthy, and such people are to be imitated whenever possible in the hope that some of their magic will rub off.
As for “Big Ideas”: do they really correlate with tech success? Google was a smarter search engine, but search engines were no longer a new or “big” idea by the time it came along. Craigslist? It's online classified ads. Facebook was originally conceived as the online version of the printed “facebooks” traditionally given to incoming freshmen so they could get to know their classmates. Neither Zuckerberg nor those Harvard twins knew what it would someday become. There is surprisingly little correlation between tech success and actual “Big Ideas.”
Advertisement:
Disruption's overrated, too. Sure, it can work. Instagram disrupted home photography, for example. But Twitter, one of the smarter ideas to come from the Valley in recent years, didn't disrupt anything. Instead it created a new market and a new medium. Sometimes “disruption” is a euphemism, whose real meaning is “use tax loopholes to undercut law-abiding vendors” or “employ Robber Baron business practices to cut suppliers prices.”
Sometimes it means nothing at all.
5. Silicon Valley's culture is hurting our economy.
Politicians like to celebrate the tech industry as a boon to the economy, but for most Americans the opposite is true. As economist Joseph Stiglitz and others have documented, monopoly practices exert a significant drag on the economy. The economy becomes increasingly capital-driven, rather than labor-driven. Monopolies suppress wages, overcharge consumers, mistreat suppliers, and drive the economy increasingly off-course.
Advertisement:
There's also a price to be paid for product inefficiency. Monopolies can sometimes squander human capital – that is, waste people's time – by forcing them to struggle with inefficient products like Microsoft's operating system or Facebook's user interfaces. (More on this topic here.) Multiply every minute wasted on a Windows inefficiency or Facebook's privacy settings by millions of users, and the cost begins to add up.
The Valley's hurting our economy in another way, too. Somehow, some of the titans of tech have gotten the misguided idea that they are exemplars of libertarian self-created success. Nothing could be further from the truth. The Silicon Valley runs on government-subsidized technology, from microchips to the Internet itself. Corporations like Amazon used government-created tax breaks to build near-monopoly leverage and turn it against their suppliers.
And now, having enriched themselves through government generosity, some of the Valley's billionaires are using their publicly-assisted wealth to back political candidates and organizations under a “libertarian” label that is better described, at least economically, as a far-right agenda. These candidates and organizations push our political dialogue in a more conservative direction – which in turn creates a political climate which tends to permit more of the things that have already wounded our economy, like deregulation and lower taxes for the wealthy and corporations.
All of the Valley's cultural traits, from the profound to the trivial, reflect a culture that is urgently in need of maturation and change. One thing's for sure: If I hear another tech titan say they plan to “disrupt” an industry, I'm going to move fast and break something.
The U.S.S. Mariner is in no way affiliated with, condoned or given any notice by the Seattle Mariners baseball team, who have their own website . Similarly, we have no association with the ownership group or any businesses related to the Mariners. All article text is written by the authors, all pictures are taken by the authors, who retain copyright to their works. No copying or reproduction of any content here, photographic or otherwise, is authorized. Please email us if you wish to reproduce our work.
First Week Thoughts
This post is going to be shorter than I planned because Ryan Divish beat me to much of what I was going to say. Man, is it good to have them back on the beat. If you're prone to overreacting to seven games, go read their post.
As for things I have to add, I'll note that the fastest statistics to have meaningful value are things that measure swing data — on FanGraphs, we call these “Plate Discipline” stats. I prefer the PITCHF/x plate discipline stats because they're updated nightly, while the BIS plate discipline stats lag a day behind due to the manual entry that is required to create them. So, with the caveat that no numbers — not even plate discipline stats — should be taken too seriously through seven games, here's a quick table of the Mariners hitters' swing related stats for week one.
The table is sortable, by the way, so clicking on any of the headers we reorder the list by that column. O-Swing and O-Contact are for pitches that PITCHF/x labels as outside the zone, while Z-Swing and Z-Contact are for pitches in the strike zone. Swing rate and contact rate are for all pitches, and Zone% is what it sounds like – the rate of pitches a batter is seeing in the strike zone.
There are a few interesting things to found here, though again, with the caveat that the samples are too small to be predictive in any real way.
The first thing I'll point out is Michael Saunders' swing decision numbers. He's chased the fewest pitches out of the strike zone of any of the regulars, and yet he's swinging at more strikes than anyone not named Morse or Montero. A few years back, Saunders was frustrating primarily because he'd look at strikes and swing at balls, and that's a recipe for lousy hitting. For the first week of 2013, they swung at strikes and let the balls go past. That's kind of neat, because last year, they simply became more aggressive in the strike zone without making the adjustment on pitches out of the zone. If they can become more discerning in which pitches to swing at, that would be a nice boost for the team.
The second thing that jumps out to me is that Michael Morse is doing a pretty amazing Josh Hamilton impression. Last year, I wrote a bunch of pieces at FanGraphs documenting Hamilton's remarkable run during the first few months, when they were among the league leaders in both offensive production and wild swing-at-anything approach. Hamilton was selling out on every swing, chasing pitches indiscriminately in an effort to hit everything out of the ballpark. The result was a lot of power and a lot of whiffs. It got to the point where it became obvious that pitchers should just never throw Hamilton a strike again, since they wouldn't make them pay for missing the zone. They made the adjustment, they never really did. And it was one of the reasons Texas let them go over the winter.
One week in, and Michael Morse's numbers are Hamilton-esque. They lead the league with five home runs, but among players with 20+ PAs, they have the seventh worst contact rate. After striking out four times yesterday, Morse noted that pitchers are using their aggressiveness against him, so there's every reason to expect them to make some adjustments and tone down the whiffs. Their career contact rate is 75%, so he's not going to keep swinging and missing at their current clip. I'd imagine when you're hitting home runs everyday, it's probably hard to convince yourself to not swing at everything. But, the homers will slow down, so it will then be on Morse to start taking more pitches and forcing pitchers to give them better pitches to hit. This is the constant battle for aggressive power hitters. It's nothing to be concerned about, nor am I trying to downplay the fact that Morse had a very productive first week. It's just interesting to note that they spent a good chunk of the off-season trying to get Josh Hamilton, and one week in, the guy they got instead hit just like Josh Hamilton.
Finally, I'll note that you still shouldn't be too worried about Dustin Ackley. Their 92.5% contact rate is 8th best in the majors, and pretty much any hitter who can make contact 90% of the time can be reasonably productive as long as they aren't also chasing pitches out of the strike zone. Even if Ackley never develops any power, their current offensive skillset isn't so different from a guy like Marco Scutaro, and he's been a useful, underrated middle infielder for years. I know it's annoying to watch them keeping rolling balls over to second base, but there just aren't examples of guys with Ackley's skillset who didn't eventually see better results than they have in the last year and change. The power remains a question, and if they don't drive the ball regularly like they did when they first came up, they might not ever be more than an average second baseman, but you shouldn't be jumping off the bandwagon yet. He'll be okay. Give them time.
Comments
The home ministry has directed all NGOs, business entities and individuals who receive funds from abroad to open accounts in any of the 32 designated banks, including one foreign, within a month for higher level of transparency. It also asked them to ensure that such funds are not utilised for activities detrimental to the national interest
The directive to the NGOs, companies and individuals to open foreign contribution accounts in banks, which are integrated with the central government's Public Financial Management System (PFMS), came for providing a higher level of transparency and hassle-free reporting compliance, according to the ministry order, accessed by the PTI.
The Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act 2010 provides for the regulation of acceptance of the foreign funds or foreign hospitality by certain individuals, associations, organisations and companies “to ensure that such contributions or hospitality is not being utilised for the activities detrimental to the national interest”, it said.
Therefore, in exercise of the powers conferred under the FCRA, 2010, the central government hereby directs all persons who are either registered or who have sought prior permission under the FCRA 2010 to open their bank accounts as mandated in one or more banks in the list of the 32 banks, the order said.
This exercise shall be completed expeditiously within one month (by 21-01-2018) with intimation of the details of the bank accounts to the ministry under a prescribed form, it said. The central government has already decided that all banks where the FCRA registered persons and organisations have opened their foreign contribution accounts would be integrated with the PFMS for providing a higher level of “transparency and hassle-free” reporting compliance.
While some banks have already integrated their systems with the PFMS for compliance of the central government's order, many banks have still not completed the integration of their systems with the PFMS despite repeated letters, directions and meetings, the home ministry said.
The 32 designated banks where individuals, NGOs and other entities can open their accounts are: Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, ICICI Bank, The Cosmos Co-Operative Bank, Bank of Baroda, State Bank of India, South Indian Bank, IDBI Bank, Central Bank of India, Corporation Bank, Karur Vysya Bank, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd, The Catholic Syrian Bank Ltd, HDFC Bank, UCO Bank, IndusInd Bank, City Union Bank and Syndicate Bank.
Allahabad Bank, The Jammu and Kashmir Bank, Punjab National Bank, Allahabad UP Gramin Bank, DCB Bank, Manipur State Co-op Bank, Vijaya Bank, Bombay Mercantile Co-operative Bank, Yes Bank, Oriental Bank Of commerce, Dena Bank, Bank of Maharashtra, Canara Bank, Andhra Bank and Axis Bank are the others.
The PFMS, which functions under the Controller General of Accounts in the Ministry of Finance, provides a financial management platform for all plan schemes, a database of all recipient agencies, integration with core banking solution of banks handling plan funds, integration with state treasuries and efficient and effective tracking of fund flow to the lowest level of implementation for plan scheme of the government.
It also provides information across all plan schemes/ implementation agencies in the country on fund utilisation leading to better monitoring, review and decision support system to enhance public accountability in the implementation of plan schemes.
Introduction of the PFMS resulted in effectiveness and economy in public finance management through better cash management for government transparency in public expenditure and real-time information on resource availability and utilisation across schemes. It also resulted in improved programme administration and management, reduction of float in the system, direct payment to beneficiaries and greater transparency and accountability in the use of public funds.
Early this year, the home ministry had asked around 9,000 NGOs and other entities to open their accounts in banks having core banking facilities and furnish details for real-time access to security agencies in case of any discrepancy.
The Narendra Modi-led government tightened the rules for NGOs and took action against all such entities for violation of various provisions of the FCRA 2010 which include non- filing of annual returns as mandated in the law.
Last week, Union minister of state for Home Kiren Rijiju told Parliament that the registrations of 18,868 NGOs were cancelled between 2011 and 2017 for violating laws. Following the action, foreign funding to Indian NGOs has also come down drastically—from Rs17,773 crore in 2015-16 to Rs6,499 crore in 2016-17.
Rijiju had said the quantum of foreign funding received by NGOs in India in the last three years were: Rs15,299 crore in 2014-15, Rs17,773 crore in 2015-16 and Rs6,499 crore in 2016-17. Currently, around 10,000 FCRA-registered NGOs are operating in the country.
(Footage via Donor Network of Arizona)
Heather Clark's son, Lukas, died in 2013, when they were just 7 months old.
Clark donated their baby boy's organs — including their heart, which went to Esther Gonzalez's young daughter, Jordan Drake.
Years later, Heather Clark heard Lukas's heartbeat again.
It was beating inside of now-4-year-old Jordan's chest.
Watch the moment Heather Clark, who lost their son in 2013, meets the little girl who would have died without a heart transplant. (Donate Life Arizona)
“That's your baby,” Gonzalez said, as Clark held the stethoscope during Friday's meeting.
“It's so strong,” Heather responded.
After Clark's son died in June 2013, their heart was donated to Jordan, who was 18 months old at the time, according to the Donor Network of Arizona.
When Jordan's family learned of the organ donation, Esther Gonzalez spent the night crying, they said, because they knew the donor's family had just lost a child.
“It's a miracle that we connected and that Jordan is living happy and healthy with Lukas' heart beating inside her,” Clark said in a statement released by the Donor Network of Arizona before the meeting. “I'm so in love with this little girl that I've never met. I can't wait to wrap my arms around her.”
The encounter, which was captured on camera, marked the first time Jordan and Clark had met in person. Gonzalez and Clark had previously traded letters, connected on social media and talked on the telephone, according to a Donor Network news release.
“She's just everything I imagined,” Clark said after hearing the heartbeat. “Running around.”
“She is so happy,” Gonzalez responded.
“You definitely have my kid's heart,” said Clark. “Lukas never sat still.”
This post has been updated to correct the spelling of Gonzalez's name.
Read More:
Before the votes are cast: The presidential front-runners, as seen through the eyes of children
‘I want to be counted:' Dying woman's wish to vote in Iowa caucus
In California, retail workers who ‘sacrifice' their Thanksgiving may receive double pay
Image caption Mandarin is one of the most widely-spoken languages in the world
China's Education Ministry says that about 400 million people - or 30% of the population - cannot speak the country's national language.
Of the 70% of the population who can speak Mandarin, many do not do it well enough, a ministry spokesperson told Xinhua news agency on Thursday.
The admission from officials came as the government launched another push for linguistic unity in China.
China is home to thousands of dialects and several minority languages.
These include Cantonese and Hokkien, which enjoy strong regional support.
Mandarin - formally called Putonghua in China, meaning "common tongue" - is one of the most widely-spoken languages in the world.
The Education Ministry spokesperson said the push would be focusing on the countryside and areas with ethnic minorities.
For decades, the ruling Communist Party has promoted Mandarin in an attempt to unite the most populous nation in the world.
But government efforts have been hampered by the sheer size of the country and a lack of investment in education, particularly the rural areas, says the BBC's Martin Patience in Beijing.
The government's policies have also long been contentious, particularly among ethnic minorities, our correspondent adds.
In 2010, there were protests in Tibet about the use of Mandarin in schools. At the time, protesters said it was eroding their culture and language.
There is no context given to any of your actions in Bodycount. You work for a group called Network, and you're tasked with saving the world. You do this by traveling from ugly environment to ugly environment and then running from point A to point B while shooting everything you see. When you kill an enemy, multi-colored power-ups spring from the body, and they make sounds like a slot machine when you pick them up. Each level becomes littered with these colorful icons.
There is absolutely no cohesion to this game. None of the ideas come together to create an experience that feels unique or distinct from other, better games already available or coming soon. Every moment I spent with this game felt like an obligation.
When you die, and the game's inability to accurately convey how much damage you're taking means you'll die often, the screen says "ASSET EXPIRED." Your character is completely faceless. You have nothing invested in the fights you're in, and the ugly, repetitive environments and unsatisfying gunfights don't give you a single reason to want to continue. I did not make it far in this game, because one day I will die, and I refuse to go out thinking I spent one second more than I had to playing Bodycount.
The enemies work for an organization called Target. They are bad. Therefore you must kill them in interesting ways and get combos that mean absolutely nothing. It's like someone tried to copy Bulletstorm, got drunk, and then gave up. Many aspects of the game look like they were created using placeholder graphics that were meant to be replaced, until the executive decision was made not to hire artists.
You can hold the trigger button in an attempt to use iron sights, but the gun is off-center on the screen, making the aiming no easier than the normal running and gunning outside of the zoom effect. Also, you can't move in this mode, you can only lean. If you hold the trigger button half down you can move, but since it's easy to push too hard and the leaning mode is useless, you have to wonder why these control decisions were made. None of the controls can be re-mapped or adjusted.
I know I'm being harsh; the game had a troubled development cycle and it couldn't have had much of a budget. Or, should I say, if there was money spent, you don't see any evidence on the screen. Still, they're selling this game for $60, and that's almost criminal. It's barely competent, and would be hard to like as a budget title, but as it stands it was pushed out the door in this condition and sold at the same price as a AAA title. That is hard to forgive.
It's depressing when a game completely fails to make the case for its own existence. There is no fun to be had here, no hook to grab players, and no justification for the premium pricing. This is a situation where the press needs to act as a rolled up newspaper, smacking everyone involved with this game on the nose and yelling "NO!"
Bodycount is out now for the PS3 and 360.
Divya Kalia spent hours standing outside metro stations in Gurgaon to talk to commuters if a two-wheeler taxi service exclusively for women would help. Hundreds of them said “yes”. So, on January 14, Kalia along with their husband Mohit Sharma started Bikxie Pink (that's the colour of the Scootys used as taxis), driven by women, only for female commuters.
Let's call it Pink, as Bikxie has something called “Bikxie Blue” --- bikes driven by men for male commuters, launched two weeks before Pink.
Megha Goyal, marketing manager with Beyond Evolution Tech Solutions took their first Scooty ride on Friday, to their home in Gurgaon. They paid Rs 20 for a four-kilometer journey. “An auto would charge Rs 50-60. This is not only cheaper, but I am more comfortable riding pillion with a woman, and it is faster, too,” says Goyal.
Kalia wanted to solve the last mile problem. They travelled to Gurgaon in a metro everyday in their previous job with Boston Consulting Group --- they would struggle to get an auto. Even if they got one, they would charge a bomb. Pink charges Rs 10 for the first two kilometers and Rs 5 for every additional one.
So far, Pink has already done 100 rides, with just five bikes. In total, Bikxie has clocked 2,400 rides. “We are looking at an equal split between the Blue and Pink, but even if Pink makes for 40% of our business I will be happy,” says Sharma.
Bikxie Pink charges Rs 10 for the first 2 km and Rs 5 per km after that. (HT Photo)
Harassment of women by cab drivers is an opportunity Sharma wants to cash on, so, “if you are a woman and you look for a taxi on the Bikxie app, only the woman pilots will be shown,” says Sharma.
However, the two-wheeler taxi business faces regulatory hurdles. The Motor Vehicle Act doesn't allow two-wheelers to be used as taxis. It has been opened up only in the state of Haryana and Goa. Delhi and Karnataka governments are looking at amendments in the next couple of months. “Once that happens we will open up in Bangalore and Delhi,” says Sharma, who plans to take the fleet size to over 5,000 bikes in the next six months.
Taking extra care of women safety and hygiene, the Pink drivers carry pepper spray, and a disposal shower cap to wear inside the helmet. Kalia is eagerly waiting for Delhi and Bangalore to open up. “We will get rid of the harrowing experience women face using public transport,” they say.
First Published: Jan 25, 2016 00:17 IST
San Jose Police say more arrests imminent from investigation into last week's violent protest at #Trump rally.https://t.co/CPxK1sdgMi — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) June 7, 2016
Trump supporters attacked outside rally as SJPD just watched. Some call it worst clashes since Trump campaign begun. pic.twitter.com/lZgNtAurBt — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) June 3, 2016
Coming up on @GMA the most violent protests yet at a Trump rally. Trump supporters attacked by mobs of protestors. pic.twitter.com/N2Y7QPzaIl — Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) June 3, 2016
Chief Garcia says SJPD reviewing video evidence from Thursday's violence, asking public to come forward with any evidence they have. — ABC7 News (@abc7newsBayArea) June 3, 2016
The #SJPD news conference about Thursday's violence at the #DonaldTrump rally has concluded. — ABC7 News (@abc7newsBayArea) June 3, 2016
Chief Garcia says it was hard for the SJPD to hold the police line at #DonaldTrump event. Four people were arrested. — ABC7 News (@abc7newsBayArea) June 3, 2016
#SJPD Chief Garcia seeking citizen video of Trump rally violence to ID & prosecute instigators. 4 arrests. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/I4PRabkdqH — David Louie (@abc7david) June 3, 2016
San Jose police have identified four people who were arrested during last Thursday's Donald Trump rally.The suspects have been identified as Ahmed Abdirahman, 19 of Santa Clara; Robert Trillo, 18 of San Jose; Antonio Fernandez, 19 of San Jose; and Michael Kitaigorodsky, 19 of San Jose. The four suspects were booked into the Santa Clara County Jail.Abdirahman, Trillo, and Fernandez were arrested on felony charges of assault with a deadly weapon. Kitaigorodsky was arrested on a misdemeanor charge of failure to disperse.Investigators used video evidence to help ID protesters who egged and attacked people who attended the event. Authorities are continuing to search for other people involved in violence at the Trump rally.The San Jose Police Department was heavily criticized for its response to the Trump protests. Investigators say they're still following up on what happened last Thursday and more arrests are imminent. Police say they're reviewing witness statements and looking at all the video evidence that was collected.Police were criticized for not doing more to intervene during the violence. Chief Eddie Garcia admitted there may not have been enough officers, but said the department achieved its goal of clearing the streets and making arrests. There were four arrests made that night.That's why the department says its being aggressive in trying to find other people involved in the violence on June 2. They say they've identified some of the suspects in the videos, but need more help. If you've been a victim of a crime that night, or witnessed a crime, call police or the Silicon Valley Crime Stoppers tip line http://svcrimestoppers.org/ at (408) 277-8911. You could also be eligible for a cash reward.
Illegal migrants crossing Canada's borders are hopping off planes in New York and busing directly north, says the head of Canada's border agents union.
“There is a trend right now,” said Jean-Pierre Fortin, national president of the Customs and Immigration Union. “People are leaving from different countries and flying into New York City and they're taking a bus.”
The bus lets them off at the northern most part of their route in upstate New York, Fortin said. Then they take a cab right up to the border and walk over.
This contradicts the narrative that illegal migrants entering Canada are fleeing President Donald Trump's policies. “The Americans are well aware of what's taking place right now,” says Fortin. “They're not making it harder for them.”
It also suggests Canada's lax border policy is encouraging individuals to sidestep this country's immigration laws.
“Right now the world is watching us,” Fortin said. “People are saying, ‘We didn't know it was that easy to come across the border.'”
With the images and stories of migrants so easily crossing the border, this country is sending a message to people around the world about just how easy it is to sneak into Canada, they suggest. And Fortin said that's why they are calling on the government to act.
“I can tell you that my members are calling me on a daily basis and it's a crisis,” Fortin said on National Post Radio on SiriusXM Canada Wednesday. “The government and senior management are saying this is business as usual – it is not.”
They point out that in Hemmingford, the Quebec border town with a population of less than 1,000 residents, the number of illegal crossings has vastly increased this year. There were 744 crossing throughout all of 2014, but so far in the first two months alone of 2017 that number has already hit 650.
Fortin pointed out that the previous government eliminated over 1,000 border positions. “We're asking the new government to overturn that decision and rehire these positions,” they say. “We'd also like to see the creation of a border patrol to make sure that between the 117 border crossings in Canada there is some level of surveillance so we can get control of our borders again.”
Border agents also want the government to take a look at the legislation that, in Fortin's words, “encourages asylum seekers to come in illegally.” Right now, informed migrants know that they'll be turned back if they present themselves at a formal crossing. But if they make their way over illegally, crossing in between official ports of entry, they can actually file a claim once on Canadian soil.
Manitoba premier Brian Pallister is demanding resources for their province from the federal government, which is facing an migrant influx at the town of Emerson.
On Friday, public safety minister Ralph Goodale met with U.S. Homeland Security secretary John Kelly in Ottawa to discuss the issue.
HEMMINGFORD CROSSINGS
2014: 744
2015: 823
2016: 2,054
2017 (Jan/Feb only): 650
If you've ever driven a car on ice and have momentarily lost control, then you'll know how terrifying it can be to fruitlessly turn the steering wheel, or to press the brakes without apparent effect.
TV correspondent Leslie Stahl suffered something a bit like this recently.
On 60 Minutes, Leslie was filmed driving a car around a deserted car park as it was hijacked by a remote hacker.
Watch the below video to see what happened:
Senator Ed Markey (MA) recently released a report Tracking & Hacking: Security & Privacy Gaps Put American Drivers at Risk, which presents several scary facts:
Nearly 100% of cars on the market include wireless technologies that could be vulnerable to hacking or privacy intrusions. Most automobile manufacturers were unaware of or unable to report on past hacking incidents. Security measures to prevent remote access to vehicle electronics are inconsistent and haphazard across all automobile manufacturers, and many manufacturers did not seem to understand the questions posed by Senator Markey. Only two automobile manufacturers were able to describe any capabilities to diagnose or meaningfully respond to an infiltration in real time, and most say they rely on technologies that cannot be used for this purpose at all. Automobile manufacturers collect large amounts of data on driving history and vehicle performance. A majority of automakers offer technologies that collect and wirelessly transmit driving history data to data centers, including third-party data centers, and most do not describe effective means to secure the data. Manufacturers use personal vehicle data in various ways, often vaguely to “improve the customer experience” and usually involving third parties. Retention policies – how long they store information about drivers – vary considerably among manufacturers. Customers are often not explicitly made aware of data collection and, when they are, they may not be able to opt out without disabling valuable features, such as navigation.
Senator Markey's full report can be downloaded here
In the first game of Tuesday night's day-night doubleheader, Ichiro Suzuki went 2 for 5 against the Blue Jays. This left them with 3,999 hits as a professional baseball player: 2,721 in Major League Baseball plus 1,278 in Japan's Pacific League.
That's a lot of hits. And with 4,000 professional hits just around the around, lately there's been a lot of commentating. Let's start with Frank Deford last week on National Public Radio:
At the Hall of Fame they're already expecting by far the largest crowd ever when Suzuki is inducted seven or eight summers from now –– numbers way in excess of what Mike Schmidt and Cal Ripken drew up the Susquehanna from Philadelphia and Baltimore. Cooperstown will be little Tokyo that day, and Tokyo will be big Cooperstown. It would also be so appropriate at that time for baseball to finally show some mercy to Pete Rose and let them enter the shrine with Suzuki. The drug cheats have put Rose's offense in perspective. They did not damage baseball one iota as a player, and their misdeed as a manager now appears as small beer alongside how those druggies dishonored the game, distorted history and robbed their fellow players.
Gee, Frank, why don't you tell us what you really think? And while you're at it, please feel free to ignore Rose's variety of ill behaviors as a player -- don't worry, you'll hardly be alone with your blind eyes -- including their involvement in a drug scandal that made headlines in 1980 and '81.
Sorry. That was a digression that I just couldn't resist. Back to Ichiro's hits ...
As they near their 40th birthday, Suzuki has long since played more in the United States than in Japan –– nine seasons there, 13 here –– on their way to, surely, accumulating more hits than anyone who has ever stood in a batter's box. He's a handful short of 4,000 now, with better than 2,700 made in our American League. Beyond lie only Ty Cobb and Pete Rose, who holds the record with 4,256 — a total Suzuki could very well eclipse only two summers from now. Of course, should they stay healthy and pass Rose, there will be some patriots who will dismiss the accomplishment, arguing that the 1,200-plus hits that Suzuki slapped out in Japan were against pitchers inferior to the American mound cadre. Fair enough, but surely it evens out that Suzuki has managed to achieve their extraordinary success playing on two continents, in two cultures, with two different-size baseballs, while Rose did it all in a familiar few ballparks. Don't you think that sometimes, even in baseball, with all its sacred statistics, you can round numbers off and call it equal, plus or minus a margin of admiration?
Well, yes and no. Yes, you can round numbers off, plus or minus a margin of admiration. That's a good way of putting it, don't you think? It's impossible to not admire Ichiro's talents and their dedication and their consistency and their style and their respect for the game.
But how many hits is 4,000, really? More to the point, what will Ichiro's 4,000 hits mean? Phil Rogers:
While it's unclear exactly how many hits some warriors piled up in the Negro Leagues and places like Mexico, when you consider in the major leagues the only other names that stack up ahead of Ichiro are those of Pete Rose and another hard liver, the late Ty Cobb. If you factor in the minor leagues, you also have to include the not-so-legendary Arnold John "Jigger'' Statz. The Waukegan native had 4,093 career hits, although 3,356 of those came in their 18 minor league seasons. Let's leave Statz out of the argument. Let's also admit that a lot of great players were denied the chances that Cobb, Rose, Statz and Ichiro had because baseball wasn't an inclusive sport before 1947.
Okay, let's do that. But even if we leave Statz out of the argument, what about Cobb's and Rose's time in the minor leagues? Or even the high minor leagues, since we may assume that Japan's CC League is roughly on par with the high minor leagues in the States.
Ah, but there's a catch! Pete Rose never played in the high minor leagues. They jumped straight from the Class A Sally League to the majors. And in a lovely coincidence, so did Cobb, almost exactly 60 years earlier! Rose played for the South Atlantic League's Macon Peaches, and Cobb graduated to the majors from the Sally League's Augusta Tourists. The circuit was Class C in those days, which was roughly equivalent to Class A in Rose's (and our) era.
So yes, in this particular sense -- career hits in the high minors and above -- Ichiro has a chance to catch Jigger Statz, and later Ty Cobb and Pete Rose. More Rogers:
The point here is acknowledging Ichiro's standing as one of the biggest collectors of base hits ever, and weighing whether they have a chance to get another 259 hits and catch Rose. I think they can do it. All Ichiro needs is a team that will keep them in the lineup for two seasons after this one, and he's already set for one more year with the Yankees. I have a hard time saying they won't be able to help anyone in 2015, especially given the difficulty the two Chicago teams have getting runners on base.
Well, we'll see. Their .307 on-base percentage this year suggests that he's not good enough to play regularly, or won't be good enough in 2015. Their Wins Above Replacement (Wins+) is pretty good, though: +2. By definition, if you've got 2 Wins+ you're good enough to play. Will they be good enough in 2015? Not to play every day, no. But they might still be good enough to merit the job as some club's fourth or fifth outfielder. They might still be able to give you a base hit against a righty, and they might still be able to play pretty good defense in right field.
Again, they need 259 hits. I can see them picking up another 40 this season. He's got a contract with the Yankees next season, and shouldn't play every day but might pick up another ... what? Maybe 120 hits? That would still leave them 100 short, and looking at limited duties as a 41-year-old singles hitter in 2015.
Seems pretty tight to me. Especially considering the possibility that he'll bow out gracefully if faced with the prospect of playing irregularly, especially if it's for a non-contending team.
Putting all that together, and I would make their chance at hustling past Peter Edward at maybe 1 in 4. Maybe a little higher, but more probably a little lower.
And to what end, really? This is an interesting bit of statistical trivia. Yes, you can round numbers off. Yes, everyone admires Ichiro Suzuki's hitting accomplishments. But it's either dishonest or intellectually sloppy to argue that Ichiro's 1,278 hits in Japan are the same, or even almost the same, as the same number of hits that Cobb and Rose collected while hitting against the best pitchers on the planet.
Later Tuesday, I might see Ichiro rap their 4,000th hit. This would be a thrill. In 2015, I might see Ichiro collect their 4,257th professional hit. This would be an even bigger thrill.
But when it comes to prolific hitting against great pitchers, Ichiro's no Pete Rose. And he's sure as hell no Ty Cobb.
Welcome to our VERY UNIQUE "FakeUltrasounds™". We at FakeABaby.com created and have been selling this product for many years and are proud to announce new versions and updates!
2D Fake Ultrasound
2D & 3D FAKEULTRASOUNDS™ in Color or Black & White
ATTENTION: Do not use Yahoo Email addresses for this product, Yahoo is blocking email attachments. Use ANY other email address. You will not receive any products by email, if you use Yahoo.
So many ways to personalize a fake ultrasound:
Choose the stage of pregnancy
Make up the Doctor's name (no real names please)
Make up the hospital or clinic (no real names please)
Choose the baby's gender
So many fun ways to fake a baby:
The baby can be an Alien or have Horns!
The baby can be naughty from the womb and be flipping you off!
Add a funny note in the Comments section
Fake Personalized Ultrasounds are the best gags for Bachelor, Bachelorette parties, Birthday Parties and even Christmas Gags!
Each order comes with at least 2 copies!
You can even choose the type of media for the fake ultrasound:
Normal Glossy Paper – 2 copies (8x10)
Transparency Paper – 2 copies (8x10)
Plain White Paper – 2 copies (8x10)
Large White Matte Paper – 4 copies of 8x10 ultrasounds printed on one 20x24 white sheet
NEW GIANT POSTER SIZE! - 1 copy
best gags Fake Ultrasounds are thefor Bachelor, Bachelorette parties, Birthday Parties and even Christmas Gags!
New sizes and styles available in Non Classic Versions.
MOST ORDERS SHIP SAME DAY!
PRIORITY AND EXPRESS SHIPPING COMES WITH A TRACKING NUMBER EMAILED TO YOU!
Now offering EXPRESS shipping and processing.
Disclaimer: By completing and submitting any form and or checkout process on our website, you agree not to use this product for purposes which may be illegal, immoral, fraudulent or hurtful to others. All of our products are obviously for fun. It is designed as a novelty/gag device. All Products Sold or Distributed by Entertainment Imports LLC, FakeABaby.com, ARE NOT REAL! They are Fake Gag Products. We do not produce or reproduce any real documents or products, medical or otherwise. All products are our originals works of Art made for the sole purpose of entertainment. They are OBVIOUSLY FAKE AND ARE SO MARKED! All of our products, including but not limited to our Fake Personalized Ultrasounds, Fake Personalized Sonograms, and Fake Personalized Pregnancy Papers are intended for Gag and Joke purposes only. We do not sell products with real doctors' names or use signatures of any kind.
ALL PRODUCTS SOLD ON THE FAKEABABY.COM WEBSITE ARE STAMPED AND CLEARLY MARKED FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY.
Sidechains have been viewed as Bitcoin's way of dealing the altcoin market since 2014, when a proposal for a two-way peg between two different blockchains was first proposed in a public setting. Three years later, it appears that drivechains, which are a specific way of implementing sidechains, will be the way in which extensions for Bitcoin are rolled out.
Sidechains remove the need for altcoins by allowing bitcoins to be effectively transferred from one blockchain to another. This means the bitcoin token can be used on any type of blockchain that bitcoin holders demand into existence.
Drivechains Should Be Good Enough
Drivechains were designed by Bloq Economist Paul Sztorc, who started working on the idea after the lack of progress on sidechains slowed down their own project, a decentralized prediction market known as Bitcoin Hivemind.
In Sztorc's view, the security model for drivechains is not much different than that of the main Bitcoin blockchain because the funds on the drivechain are held in escrow by bitcoin miners. Some developers, such as Peter Todd, have shared technical concerns with merge-mined sidechains in the past, but this concept is likely going to be tried out in the wild, whether the contributors to Bitcoin Core like it or not. Sztorc has also attempted to address these technical concerns through the use of blind merged mining.
In terms of the risk of miners stealing the funds held in escrow, Sztorc has pointed out that a similar risk already exists in Bitcoin: A cartel of miners could theoretically defraud a bitcoin exchange by selling bitcoins on the exchange and then later rewriting the chain history in a way obscures or erases the original deposit so that it appears it never took place.
Drivechains can be added to Bitcoin via soft forks, which means they are backward compatible. If there is sufficient demand for a specific type of drivechain, miners should be happy to mine on the additional chain in order to generate more revenue by way of transaction fees.
Features of popular drivechains could theoretically be soft-forked into Bitcoin by way of an extension block or some other measure, but it's unclear if this would even be necessary.
What Types of Drivechains Are in Development?
The three main niches that have gained interest from altcoin speculators are microtransactions (lower transaction fees), smart contracts and privacy.
Both Ethereum and Litecoin are said to be useful alternatives to Bitcoin because they have lower transaction fees. One of the first intended drivechains is one with bigger blocks which would allow users to transact with lower fees in a manner that does not negatively affect the decentralization of Bitcoin's main chain.
Although it's still unclear if there is much substance behind the drastic rise in Ethereum's market cap, RSK has built a sidechain focused on complex smart contracts that is a hybrid between a drivechain and a federated sidechain. The RSK platform is currently pegged to Bitcoin's testnet, and it is expected to launch on mainnet later this year.
In terms of privacy, there are intentions to add a MimbleWimble sidechain to Bitcoin, although the mechanism that will be used to peg the sidechain to Bitcoin is unclear at this time. In addition to MimbleWimble, it's also possible that a Monero, Zcash or other privacy-focused sidechains could be released if there is enough demand.
There is a full list of sidechain projects available on the Drivechain website.
Alternative Tokens May Still Exist
While drivechains are likely to drive out the need for altcoins, it's still possible that alternative digital assets that are not attempts at creating a new form of money will exist.
Sztorc's own project creates a new token, votecoin, which is required for the decentralized prediction market to work. With this setup, bitcoin is used as the transactional currency while votecoins are used as a sort of stake in the network to get the incentives to work properly.
To me, it's unclear how often these sorts of new tokens will be needed, but there should be no reason for competitors to bitcoin as a form of digital money to exist.
A Chain Split Could Still Cause Problems
One last thing to keep in mind is that a chain split in Bitcoin could invalidate the hypothesis laid out in this article. If there is a split, then the network effects around Bitcoin could be weakened, which would open the door for an alternative cryptocurrency to take Bitcoin's place.
The supporters of the SegWit2x proposal intend to activate a hard-forking increase to Bitcoin's block size limit later this year, but it is extremely unlikely that this change will be implemented in Bitcoin Core, which means a chain split is a possibility.
The negative effects of such a situation would depend on the severity of the split and how the market reacts.
If a big block drivechain is prepared in time, it may be able to decrease the attraction some in the Bitcoin ecosystem have toward a hard fork.
Thank you to drivechain developer Patrick Murphy for answering a few questions during the writing of this article.
Song Premiere: Code Orange Kids, 'Liars // Trudge'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Following a series of tapes and 7-inch singles, Love Is Love // Return to Dust is the first full-length by Code Orange Kids, and it's an untamed, unpredictable beast of a hardcore record. With its members just out of high school, perhaps the hardcore/doom/noise/post-rock shuffle-play chaos of the young Pittsburgh band is a sign of where we're at in heavy music — fewer boundaries, more ways to crush eardrums. But it's one thing to acknowledge your influences and another to destroy them altogether. That's where "Liars // Trudge" comes in.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist Listen: Code Orange Kids, 'Liars // Trudge' Liars // Trudge from Love is Love // Return to Dust
Love is Love // Return to Dust by Code Orange Kids
The first 10 seconds are a dead Converge giveaway — buzzing and grinding skulls into the floor, and with Converge's Kurt Ballou at the production helm, no less. But just as the staccato noise hits its peak and you expect another lunge into the scrambling pit, Code Orange Kids' members scale back to a distorted bass and snare, with the drummer screaming the serenity prayer at a zombie-walk pace, before closing: "But this pain has a face. Vilified. Unstricken." A sublime swell of menacing feedback then mounts with, well, trudging anticipation as "Liars // Trudge" tugs at the slow-motion tempo like a storm at sea, three of the four members screaming with a mania that would seem to necessitate an exorcist.
Love Is Love // Return to Dust comes out November 20 on Deathwish Inc.
The Pitch
Gradescope is a web-based smart grading tool developed by computer science doctoral students, former teaching assistants, and a professor from UC Berkeley. The startup aims to streamline the more tedious aspects of the grading process, allowing instructors to grade everything online (including paper-based assignments, which can be scanned) and enable data-driven education. Gradescope's reusable scoring criteria are designed to improve consistency, promote transparency, and reduce time spent grading by half. The team also plans to roll out additional premium features, which would allow certain assignments to be graded in 10 percent of the time it currently requires.
Traction
The prerevenue startup completed UC Berkeley's accelerator program SkyDeck, and has attracted more than $1 million in investment funding from angel investors and venture capital funds including K9 Ventures. The Gradescope software has been used to grade over five million questions in over 100 high schools, colleges, and universities. This semester, half of all Berkeley undergraduates are taking courses that use the online tool.
A worker has been killed in an explosion at a hydro project about 80 kms north of Pemberton.
The 39-year-old man, who has not been identified, was handling explosives when they were killed at the project near Pebble Creek Hot Springs.
The man is employed by CRT Construction Inc. and EBC Inc.
RCMP received a call just after 10 p.m. on Wednesday.
We received a report that there had been an explosion at the worksite, said Sgt. Knapton, Operations NCO in Whistler. The incident occurred when workers were handling explosives, killing a 39-year-old male working at the site.
A second employee has been transported to the Lower Mainland for treatment with serious injuries.
RCMP in Whistler and Pemberton are on scene investigating and have enlisted the assistance of Sea to Sky General Investigations Section as well as the provincial explosives disposal unit.
WorkSafeBC and the BC Coroner Service are also investigating.
Bas Brusche, a spokesperson for Innergex Renewable Energy, the developer and owner of the project, says the company is very sad for the two people involved.
They say they are fully cooperating with the investigations
Several hundred people have been working on the project for one-and-a-half years, with a year remaining in construction.
by Brett Stevens on March 18, 2016
Right now, the predators and parasites are swarming. The voters clearly want Donald Trump as the president, and they have united groups on both left and right toward this end. The perception is that “business as usual” has become corrupt.
If our elites were anything but stumbling incompetents, they would go forth first with an agenda that does not include confirming that fact. But one succeeds in liberal democracy by being a salesperson, which demands a quasi-aggression that involves never considering anything but your own needs. And the GOP Establishment is acting by its needs.
Those who are currently in power in “conservative” politics know that a usurpation is coming. If Donald Trump wins, they prove not only that they were wrong, but that they were not trying for a good outcome. This implies that our current GOP Establishment has no intention of achieving conservative results, but wants to play-act at being conservative so that the money keeps rolling in.
Being a controlled opposition party pays well, it turns out. Politicians can make money by consulting or giving speeches; lobbyists, lawyers, consultants and all the staffs do well also. This is the difference between seeing politics as goal-oriented, and seeing it as a job or career. The GOP Establishment elites are careerists, and that involves working within the system and getting along with everyone more than getting anything done.
If Trump gets elected, the risk is not that they will fire them; it is that all of us will have been shown, clearly and dramatically, that we are getting nothing for our donations and votes to the GOP. Voters will demand replacement of anyone who has prospered in this system.
The GOP Establishment is going to block Donald Trump and in doing so, will make them more powerful than ever before.
They are the gatekeepers, and they will find ways to keep them out. There are thousands of rules, laws and regulations which could conceivably either frustrate their nomination, invalidate their election or form a lawsuit which could sabotage the campaign. They will use something clever, not something smart.
In doing so, the idiot elites will prove what Trump was saying all along: the GOP does not want to win; it wants to stay employed.
The next step from this, fortunately, will be the removal of all GOP elected leaders as their voters sleep in on voting day, and in the resulting liberal turmoil, massive discontent with liberal democracy itself.
For the first time, our people may see the actual problem instead of the proxy, the cause instead of the effect, and act on it. Not all of them — of a hundred people, one can understand the issues required. But people fortunately act with a herd instinct, and when the sheep walking point sniffs a wolf, they all panic together.
It will be delicious.
Tags: antiwork, conservatism, conservative, democracy, Donald Trump, grand old party establishment, republicans
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Regional Transition charts help understand how a dead country fits into the overall movement of nations within a region. Someday I will complete these charts for all areas, but for now, I will add them to the site as they become available.
Feel free to reference or link to the charts for personal use, but they cannot be used for profit or sold in any way. If you use the charts, please give credit to Michael Adkins.
If you have suggestions, additions or questions, please leave in the comments section below.
NORTH AMERICA AND HAWAII
• Canada
• Hawaii
SOUTH / CENTRAL AMERICA
CARIBBEAN ISLANDS
ATLANTIC ISLANDS
WESTERN EUROPE
GERMANY / POLAND AREA
ITALY AREA
• Italy, prior to unification
• Italy, after unification
BALTICS
• Baltics Area
CENTRAL / EASTERN EUROPE
GREECE / BALKANS
AEGEAN / IONIAN ISLANDS
• Crete
• Ionian Islands
RUSSIA AREA
• North and West Russia (including Finland)
• Russian Central Asia and Mongolia
• Siberia and Russian Far East
• Transcaucasia
• Ukraine and South Russia
OTTOMAN EMPIRE AREA
MIDDLE EAST
• Arabian Peninsula
• Jordan / Palestine Area
• Syria / Lebanon Area
NORTH AFRICA
• Libya Area
WEST AFRICA
• British Nigeria
• French West Africa Area
EAST AFRICA
SOUTHERN AFRICA
• Mozambique Area
• Rhodesia / Nyasaland Area
• South Africa Area
INDIA AREA
CHINA AREA
FAR EAST
AUSTRALIA / SOUTH PACIFIC
The Angels have announced the signing of a one-year, major league deal with outfielder Ryan LaMarre. He'll receive $50K above whatever the league minimum salary ends up being, per SB Nation's Chris Cotillo (via Twitter). The club designated infielder Gregorio Petit for assignment to clear roster space.
[RELATED: Updated Angels Depth Chart]
LaMarre, who just turned 28, saw brief action in each of the last two seasons at the major league level with the Reds and Red Sox. They quietly produced their best season as a pro at Triple-A last year with the Boston organization, batting .303/.369/.445 over 358 plate appearances.
The former second-round pick, a right-handed hitter, also swatted ten home runs and swiped 17 bases for Pawtucket. He's capable of playing center field, increasing their function as a possible fourth outfielder.
Petit, meanwhile, saw their most extensive major league action last year with the Halos. Over 223 plate appearances, they slashed .245/.299/.348. Soon to turn 32, the journeyman has spent time at second, short, third, and (briefly) the corner outfield in parts of five MLB campaigns.
Nissan and NISMO aim to retake SUPER GT title with new 2017 spec Nissan GT-R NISMO GT500
Nissan and NISMO to strengthen Customer Racing programs with the Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3, racing engines for Daytona Prototype International (DPi), LMP1 (privateers), and LMP3.
To greatly enhance its competitiveness NISMO to begin development on a newly evolved Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 (R35)
YOKOHAMA, Japan – The 2017 motorsport season is about to start, and on behalf of Nissan, Takao Katagiri, CEO and president of NISMO, has now officially announced Nissan/NISMO's motorsport activities for 2017. These are as follows:
1. SUPER GT GT500
With sights firmly set on reclaiming the GT500 championship title, Nissan/NISMO will field four newly developed Nissan GT-R NISMO GT500 entries in 2017.
Having won the SUPER GT GT500 Championship two years in a row in 2014 and 2015, but missing out on a third consecutive title after leading the championship until the last event in 2016, NISMO will be back at the track with the driver pairing of Tsugio Matsuda and Ronnie Quintarelli in Nissan's ace car #23.
Fresh from the GT300 class, GT Academy graduate Jann Mardenborough will step up to GT500, making their GT500 debut with TEAM IMPUL together with teammate Hironobu Yasuda. For the first time in seven years, João Paulo de Oliveira will return to KONDO Racing, which took two victories last year, and will team up with Daiki Sasaki. MOLA will continue with the same strong driver combination from last year, with veteran Satoshi Motoyama challenging the series alongside young gun Katsumasa Chiyo.
Toshikazu Tanaka, corporate vice president of NISMO, remains as Nissan's team executive director. The complete roster:
#23 - NISMO - Tsugio Matsuda / Ronnie Quintarelli
Team Principal: Yutaka Suzuki
MOTUL AUTECH GT-R / Michelin
#12 - TEAM IMPUL - Hironobu Yasuda / Jann Mardenborough
Team Principal: Kazuyoshi Hoshino
Calsonic IMPUL GT-R / Bridgestone
#24 - KONDO Racing - Daiki Sasaki / João Paulo de Oliveira
Team Principal: Masahiko Kondo
Forum Engineering ADVAN GT-R / Yokohama
#46 - MOLA - Satoshi Motoyama / Katsumasa Chiyo
Team Principal: Toshiomi Oeki
S Road CRAFTSPORTS GT-R / Michelin
Nissan's new GT500 racer, which incorporates the distinctive design of the standard 2017 Nissan GT-R NISMO, was developed in compliance with the 2017 SUPER GT technical regulations and inherits the competitive and hard-charging spirit of previous incarnations of the Nissan GT-R NISMO GT500.
Officially revealed last November, the car has undergone testing in Japan as well as in Sepang, Malaysia. The updates will be made just before the opening round and are expected to result in an even stronger, more competitive GT-R that will build upon the previous championship winning car's legacy of dominance within the history of motorsports.
Related Story:
Nissan GT-R NISMO GT500 for 2017 revealed at Twin Ring Motegi
Click image to enlarge
2. CUSTOMER RACING PROGRAMS
Nissan / NISMO will be expanding its Customer Racing program, supplying race cars and engines to teams around the globe.
Customer Racing - GT3 Program
The Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 debuted in 2012, and since then 33 cars have been sold to compete in Japan, Europe, the U.S., Australia and China – 20 of which participated in global GT3 race series in 2016. The car took numerous victories world-wide and in the Super Taikyu Series; the GT3 GT-R was crowned ST-X class champion. In 2017, NISMO will continue to support Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 customers by providing vehicles and technical assistance.
While providing technical support to all the Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 users in SUPER GT, Super Taikyu, and other championships, Nissan / NISMO will support the teams in the following series:
Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup
Nissan/NISMO will continue to support the Bob Neville managed Team RJN NISSAN in the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup (Pro Class). The driver lineup once again uses drivers from Nissan's global motorsport family. The 2015 championship winning pair of Katsumasa Chiyo and Alex Buncombe will team up with GT Academy's inaugural winner in 2008, Lucas Ordóñez.
# 23 Team RJN NISSAN - Katsumasa Chiyo / Alex Buncombe / Lucas Ordóñez
Team Principal: Bob Neville
Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 / Pirelli
Super GT GT300
NDDP Racing, which focuses on the development of young drivers, will enter the SUPER GT GT300 class with Mitsunori Takaboshi alongside Kazuki Hoshino as their mentor. The operation continues to be managed by B-MAX.
#3 - NDDP RACING - Kazuki Hoshino / Mitsunori Takaboshi
Team Principal: Masahiro Hasemi
B-MAX NDDP GT-R / Yokohama
Super Taikyu Series ST-X
KONDO Racing, which took the 2016 series championship with its ThreeBond Nissan Technical College GT-R, will be aiming for two consecutive titles in the ST-X class this year. Tomonobu Fujii has been named as one of the drivers. This collaboration between KONDO Racing and the Nissan Automobile Technical College is a unique program that combines education with motorsports.
ST-X – #24 – KONDO Racing - Tomonobu Fujii / TBA
Team Principal: Masahiko Kondo
ThreeBond Nissan Technical College GT-R
Development of Newly Evolved Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 (R35)
Nissan/NISMO will be developing a newly evolved Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 (R35), with an eye towards 2018, in order to greatly enhance its competitiveness in the increasingly fierce GT3 market. Masataka Yanagida and Michael Krumm will serve as development drivers and development will be undertaken while carrying out tests in both Japan and Europe.
Customer Racing - Engine Supply Programs
Nissan/NISMO will be expanding its engine supply programs. Newly introduced programs include IMSA's Daytona Prototype international (DPi) and LM P1 engine supply to a privateer for the FIA World Endurance Series (WEC). Domination in the WEC LM P2 class ended in championship success last year after 37 wins total over the past five seasons, and the company will keep supplying LM P3 engines as sole engine supplier of the globally growing class.
IMSA Daytona Prototype international (DPi)
A new program sees Nissan/NISMO supplying a GT3 spec based VR38 engine prepared for Daytona Prototype international (DPi) cars to Extreme Speed Motorsport (ESM), based in Florida, USA. The team takes part in the 2017 IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship with two cars.
FIA World Endurance Championship LM P1
Another new program has Nissan/NISMO supplying a V6 Turbo 3.0 liter engine (VRX30A evo.) to ByKolles Racing Team, a private team based in Greding, Germany. The team will take part in the LM P1 class of the FIA WEC in 2017.
LM P3 Series
NISMO will continue to provide VK50 engines (111 units sold in the past three years) and technical assistance to teams competing in the LM P3 class of European Le Mans Series, Michelin Le Mans Cup, and Asian Le Mans Series etc. With a boom in the LM P3 class continuing this year, Nissan's presence on the grid will be significantly increased as the manufacturer looks to dominate once again.
Related Story:
Nissan Onroak prototypes impress in Daytona debut
ESM name drivers for 2017 IMSA season and enduros
3. DRIVER DEVELOPMENT
Nissan/NISMO continue to support young drivers' participation in race series.
In addition to the previously listed entry to the SUPER GT GT300 class, the manufacturer will support Mitsunori Takabosi and their B-MAX Racing Team Japanese Formula 3 entry via NDDP. As Takaboshi's executive advisor, the team will welcome GT500 driver, Satoshi Motoyama.
#23 – B-MAX Racing Team with NDDP - Mitsunori Takaboshi
Team Principal: Masashi Miyata
Executive Advisor: Satoshi Motoyama
B-MAX NDDP F3
4. OTHER NOTABLE ACTIVITIES: AUSTRALIA SUPERCARS CHAMPIONSHIP
In Australia, Nissan will continue to contest the Supercars Championship with Rick and Todd Kelly alongside Michael Caruso and new driver Simona de Silvestro with the Nissan Altima.
5. PROGRAM SUMMARY
Takao Katagiri, CEO and president of NISMO:
"We will be competing in this year's SUPER GT GT500 class with a new model based upon the 2017 spec GT-R NISMO. We have a firm determination to retake the series championship and, with this in mind, we have reevaluated our cars, drivers, organization and so on in order to ensure we are more prepared than ever. Our team structure consists of four seriously competitive teams that will all be aiming for the title. We will be pouring our souls into this season so we hope to continue to receive the passionate support that we have received from our fans thus far.
"We will also be strengthening our global Customer Racing programs. While we continue to support Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 customers around the world, we will also begin working on the development of newly evolved Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3. You can expect to see a new state-of-the-art, highly competitive machine that will ensure customers continue to choose the GT-R from amongst the increasingly large variety of European manufacturers and other rival companies' GT3 vehicles.
"Furthermore, we will also be expanding our engine supply programs. We will be providing highly competitive racing engines and the technical support that we have cultivated throughout the LM P2 to numerous teams to facilitate their success in acclaimed race categories around the world, including the Daytona Prototype International (DPi), the LMP1 (privateer), and various LMP3 series.
"In addition to participating in motorsports, the NISMO brand feels that an important part of its mission is to provide accessible motorsports experiences and participatory opportunities to all of our customers. As a part of that effort we have been proactively expanding our range of NISMO road cars and occasions for driving experiences. We are committed to delivering a wide range of excitement to our fans through motorsports."
# # #
Contact
Jane Johnstone
Marketing Communications Director
Global Motorsport Communications
Nissan/NISMO
Phone: +44 7979 710646
Email: jane.johnstone@nissan.co.uk
Paul Ryan
Marketing and PR Manager
Phone: +1 678 644 0404
Email: paul@nismosupport.com
Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.
Enlarge Image WPVI-TV screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
Outrage can often be pointless.
The best we can do is at least grab our phones, record what is happening and hope that someone else will care.
A Pennsylvania couple did just this. They were rather distraught at what they saw on the state's Schuylkill Expressway.
So they filmed it and sent the results in to local TV station WPVI-TV.
What appears to happen in the video is that a female driver is texting on their phone with both hands. She's keeping the car balanced by way of one of their New Balances.
Yes, she's steering with their foot.
Sarah Delong, who shot the video, told WPVI that they and their husband followed this driver for around 20 minutes.
"At one point, we beeped at them to get their attention and I yelled to her," Sarah Delong said. The reaction, they said, was just a smirk.
These aren't the first concerned citizens who have tried to film the outlandish distracted driving. In Scotland, a cyclist captured a man who was using a cell phone, headphones and a laptop as they drove.
Government figures show that, in 2014, 3,179 people were killed, and 431,000 injured in incidents involving distracted driving.
The AAA Foundation says that 1 in 4 drivers admit to some form of distracted driving and puts the death toll at 5,000 a year. The foundation also says that there's a 27 seconds lag time between a driver putting down a phone and being completely engaged in driving again.
The Philadelphia Police Department didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Sarah Delong says that they passed the woman's license plate number to the police.
Sadly, as our phones become an ever greater part of our selves, such incidents will only increase.
This is, perhaps, the one true benefit of self-driving cars. They allow the phone to stay in our hands, while taking the steering wheel completely away.
Published online 24 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.150
News
Abel prize awarded to number theorist John Tate.
John Tate. C. Fondville /The Abel Prize/The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
The Abel prize — considered the 'Nobel' prize of mathematics — has been awarded to John Tate, recently retired from the University of Texas at Austin, for their work on algebraic number theory, the mathematical discipline that deals with connections between whole numbers and lies at the heart of Internet security.
Established in 2002, the Abel Prize is presented annually by the King of Norway and carries a cash award of US$1 million.
"Number theory knits together the subtle and strange properties of whole numbers in a beautiful way," says mathematician Ian Stewart at the University of Warwick in Coventry, UK. "Tate has really made themselves the master of number theory."
Tate's work in number theory helped to crack one of the most famous challenges in mathematics: proving Fermat's Last Theorem. The theorem states that you cannot find three positive integers a, b and c that satisfy the equation an + bn = cn for any integer value of n greater than two. The theorem was solved in 1995 by Andrew Wiles of Princeton University in New Jersey, thanks in part to Tate's research into the rules obeyed by 'elliptic curves' — curves generated by a particular family of equations in number theory.
"Fermat's Last Theorem is simple to state, but took 350 years to prove, using the machinery of number theory developed by Tate," says Stewart.
Long thought to be one of the purest forms of pure mathematics — as it had little real-world relevance — number theory has now become vitally important for securely encoding data to be transmitted across the Internet. "If you go back to the 1950s, most mathematicians would have agreed that number theory wasn't particularly useful — some thought that a vice and some a virtue — but then along came the computer," says Stewart.
King of the code
One important method for ensuring secure transmission across the Internet uses encryption keys based on 200-digit numbers that are the multiple of two prime numbers. Thanks to Tate's developments in number theory, algorithms can easily generate such numbers for encoding purposes, says Stewart. However, there are no algorithms to perform the reverse operation — working out the constituent primes of the 200-digit number — making it impossible to for hackers to crack the codes. "Try to find the prime factors of a 200-digit number with pencil and paper — or even with a computer program — and it would take longer than the age of the Universe," says Stewart.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tate's work is also at the heart of error-correcting codes that allow corrupted digital information to be reconstructed. "When you're driving along, listening to music and hit a bump, the reason your CD doesn't skip is thanks to these error-correcting codes," says Stewart. "It's also the reason that the messages that you send on your mobile phones aren't garbled by all the other radio signals flying through the air."
Tate is a popular choice for the Abel award, says mathematician Helge Holden at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim. "Tate's achievements in number theory go right back to their doctoral thesis, which became famous, and span more than 60 years during which their name has been given to many different theorems in the field," Holden says. "This is a well-deserved award for lifetime achievement."
Rafah, Gaza Strip - On a dirt road, behind tall white walls decorated with faded paintings of zebras, giraffes and lions, lies Rafah Zoo.
It is hidden away from Rafah's busy streets, but inside, hundreds of colourful birds in cages tweet loudly - almost drowning out the sound of children playing in a pool nearby.
Opened in the late 1990s by the Jumaa family, Rafah Zoo was the first amusement and leisure park for communities in the Gaza Strip.
Jihad Jumaa, a zookeeper and son of the zoo's owner, told Al Jazeera that their father's original mission had been to provide a place for Gaza's families - small children, especially - to relax and enjoy themselves.
RELATED: Where do Gaza's lions sleep tonight?
Now 25 years old, Jumaa grew up with baboons, gazelles, snakes and lions roaming around their backyard. The zoo consists of just a few hundred square metres, located on land the family owns next to their home.
"People loved this place because it was unique and they spent a lot of time here. No one wanted to leave," Jumaa said. "When we opened the zoo, it was the only one in Gaza. But after a few years, more opened. Now there are five or seven zoos."
Competition from new zoos and amusement parks, combined with the ongoing Israeli blockade of Gaza and the closure of smuggling tunnels into Egypt, has made it impossible for Rafah Zoo to run a profitable business amid a rapidly deteriorating economic situation.
Children pay one shekel, or $0.25 for entrance to the zoo, while adults pay three shekels, or $0.75.
With 80 to 100 visitors a week, the monthly income does not come close to covering the monthly operating costs of around $3,000 for food, clean water and fuel for the generator needed, given Gaza's frequent power cuts.
"Today, our expenses are not covered," Jumaa said.
Gaza is not an easy place to run a business - and an even more difficult place to run a zoo. Birds lay dead on the bottom of their cages. In the middle of the park, an ostrich, which has lost most of its feathers, is too sick to stand up.
The sound of an Israeli F-16 jet buzzing in the sky serves as a reminder of the extraordinary difficulties of running a zoo in the volatile area.
The zoo employs several workers, but is mostly maintained by family members.
Rafah Zoo is not alone in facing such challenges. Earlier this year, a team of veterinarians from the animal welfare organisation, Four Paws, cited horrendous conditions at the Khan Younis Zoo in the central Gaza Strip.
Without money to pay zookeepers, the zoo was falling into disrepair. Cages were full of waste and debris, and animals that had gone without access to food or water died of starvation.
"The Khan Younis Zoo has been classified as the worst zoo in the world, as the animals, which had starved and died, had been stuffed and put back in the cages," Amir Khalil of Four Paws told Al Jazeera.
In September 2014, just after the Israeli war on Gaza, Four Paws carried out an emergency operation to evacuate three lions from the severely shell-damaged al-Bisan Zoo in northern Gaza.
Located just a few kilometres from the Israeli and Egyptian borders, Rafah Zoo has also come under attack several times. The area was flattened in 2004, when Israeli tanks demolished large parts of the neighbourhood. Many of the animals were killed, and the family spent the next 10 years rebuilding it from scratch, collecting new animals smuggled from Egypt.
Last summer, during the 51-day Gaza war, the zoo experienced another blow.
As Jumaa and their brother were giving water to the zoo's cats, the surrounding area was hit by Israeli rockets. The young men were badly injured, and the zoo's tiger, kangaroo, raccoon, baboon and several jaguars were killed.
RELATED: Gaza zoo ravaged by Israeli shelling
Faced with another round of expenses estimated at $700,000, the family has started to look for alternative solutions to keep the zoo afloat.
"We decided to sell the lion cubs because we needed money," Jumaa said.
For years, a local fan of the zoo from the nearby al-Shabora refugee camp, 54-year-old Saad Jamal, had been asking to buy Rafah Zoo's next batch of lion cubs.
"I've always loved lions," Jamal told Al Jazeera during one of their frequent visits to the zoo.
The cubs, Max and Mona, were two months old when Jamal purchased them and took them home.
"I made a room for them with beds and toys and with an opening to the rest of the apartment so they got used to the place," Jamal said. "They'd join us when we watched TV and played with my grandchildren - the youngest, who is two, would put their finger in their mouths and they wouldn't bite."
Images of the cubs lying in Jamal's living room and playing with the children of the refugee camp went viral, launching the zoo and Jamal to international fame. Some expressed support, while Four Paws condemned the decision, saying it threatened both the welfare of the lions and the humans around them.
In June, Jamal decided that the cubs had become too big for their house, and temporarily returned them to Rafah Zoo. Jamal and their son still visited the cubs regularly, taking them out of their cage and letting them roam the premises. Curious families would ask to take photos with the cubs.
Jamal had been planning to move Max and Mona to a larger cage they were building in a public park, but later gave in to pressure from Four Paws and allowed them to take the young lions to a sanctuary in Jordan.
"The economic situation is very difficult, and the zoo needs help from associations that care for animals in the form of medicine and food," Jamal said. "But it's important to keep the zoos running for the children who suffered during the war. If we allow the idea of another war to stop us, there will be no place for entertainment in Gaza."
Khalil, who represented the Four Paws delegation to Gaza, said there were still around 45 lions in Gaza - and the number has been growing.
It's our source of life. I was raised here and will continue to work and fight to keep it open. Jihad Jumaa, son of Rafah Zoo's owner
As none of the zoos are able to properly care for the big cats and other animals, the organisation is working on a solution.
"Our suggestion is to close all the zoos and make one public park of proper standards - a place where kids and families can visit in Gaza," they said. "We offered to the responsible authorities that if they offer the land, we can realise a better place for the animals, including training for the staff."
This would improve the local economy, they said, because it would include buying food for the animals locally and employing staff and caretakers.
But due to the political instability and the fact that thousands of Palestinians in Gaza are still without proper housing, Khalil believes zoos are not a priority for the authorities.
Palestinian Land Authority official Ibrahim Radwan said the government would be ready to look into such a proposal if it came through the proper channels.
"Despite the circumstances, it is important for cultural purposes to provide information to [people], especially students, about animals," Radwan told Al Jazeera.
In Rafah, Jumaa admitted that the situation is difficult, but said the idea of closing the zoo or giving up the animals is unthinkable.
"It's our source of life," they said. "I was raised here and will continue to work and fight to keep it open."
