Recently I've been working on some vRealize Operations (vRops) dashboards and reports that provide information on the availability of virtual machines. Although this seems to be simple, it can be quite challenging to report uptime and SLAs in a proper way.
Of course things always depend on the exact requirements, but you try to answer the following question yourself: when is a VM considered to be available?
When the VM is powered on? When the VM is powered on and is running (so no BSODs, not stuck in the BIOS, etc.)? When the VM is powered on, is running and the application/service that the VM is servicing responds as we would expect?
In the first situation, the VM should only be powered on to be considered available. I think this one is a bit limited, because you're not evaluating if and how the OS is running. The second option is more valuable: the VM is powered on and I'm also checking if the OS is running properly. In the third option I'm also checking if the application/service that's running inside the VM is doing what we should expect.
Let's skip option 1 and have closer look at option 2 and 3. As you can imagine, the checks we need in option 2 (check the VM and the OS) are more generic than those we will need for option 3. To be more precise, option 3 would include VM checks, OS checks and on top of that application checks. These application checks are depending on the application you're running inside a VM: for example you want to check if a webserver is up and running and if the user is presented with a logon screen. Maybe you also want to check the result of a logon, and check how fast the application is responding to requests.
For this post I will focus on the more generic checks as mentioned in scenario 2: VM and OS should be running.
How to determine VM availability?
So, the question now is how to determine VM availability? In an excellent post, Iwan Rahabok explains how you can think about VM availability. I will not repeat Iwan's post here, but I will summarize some of the most important conclusions.
A virtual machine is up and running, if:
It's powered-on, and;
The guest OS is running and showing ‘normal' activity, and;
The VM uptime is 5 minutes or higher.
This first condition is pretty straight forward, for the second condition you can check memory activity, network activity, disk activity and VMware Tool status. Checking CPU activity can lead to false positive, for example a BSOD can lead to a 100% CPU load. This would result in a VM is up and running, while it's crashed. So don't use the CPU metrics here.
The latest condition is the result of the 5 minute monitoring interval that vRops uses. Every 5 minutes vRops collects the metrics of the endpoints (for example vSphere) it is connected to. If a VM is rebooted between two collection cycles, this should result in a ‘VM was down' condition. By testing the VM uptime (uptime should be higher 5 minutes/300 seconds), you can determine if a VM is rebooted or not. In this case the uptime is determined by the uptime value divided by 3. For example 216/3=72%.
If you created a supermetric according to this model, we would get:
( This Resource : sys|poweredOn * ceil ( min ( [ max ( [ This Resource : sys|osUptime_latest , This Resource : mem|workload , This Resource : datastore:Aggregate of all instances|commandsAveraged_average , This Resource : net|usage_average ] ) , 1 ] ) ) * ( min ( [ 300 , This Resource : sys|osUptime_latest ] ) / 3 ) )
Note: This supermetric is based on the one in Iwan's post. I noticed that vRops 6.6 lacks the VMware Tools status metric (sys|heartbeat_latest), so I removed this metric from the supermetric.
Some uptime calculations
So with this new supermetric we're able to determine VM availability every 5 minutes. If the VM is available, the value is 100. If the VM is unavailable the value would be 0, or a value between 0-99 if the VM is rebooted.
With the new supermetric you would get 24 * 60 / 5 = 288 data points throughout the day. Using these datapoints we can calculate an uptime for a VM.
Let's say we have 10 minutes (2 data points) downtime during a day, the availability would be::
(288 - 2 / 288) * 100 = 99,31%
Or in minutes:
(1440 - 10 / 1440) * 100 = 99,31%
Another way to approach this, is to take an average of all the collected datapoints (for a day):
(286 * 100 + 2 * 0) / 288 = 99,31%
This last approach is something we can get out of vRops using the Views feature:
Create a new View give it a name and choose a presentation method. List or trend can be valuable here;
The subject for the view is the Virtual Machine object;
The Data you want to evaluate/display is the brand-new VM uptime supermetric we've just configured. Depending on what you want to display you choose to display the latest value, or calculate an average value (select ‘Average' as the transformation option to calculate the average for the selected time range) or show a trend.
Configure the required time range in the view under ‘Time Settings' to determine the VM uptime for a specific time interval.
Now add the new View to a Dashboard or Report and get uptime information on the selected virtual machine. In the following example we see the uptime trend for a specific VM.
Uptime for all VMs in a cluster/dc/custom group
So now we have a way to display uptime/availability information for a single VM. Let's say we want to provide information on the uptime for all the VMs in a specific cluster, (custom) datacenter or custom group. To achieve this we need one extra supermetric that calculates the average of a set of VM instances/objects. The configuration for this new supermetric is straightforward:
avg ( Virtual Machine : Super Metric|VM uptime % )
You're actually pointing this new supermetric to the existing VM uptime metric. By linking this new supermetric to a cluster, datacenter or custom group the average SLA is calculated based on the uptime SLAs for all the VMs that are running in the cluster. This average value is calculated every 5 minutes, so again you will get a datapoint every 5 minutes. Of course you can also create a View for this scenario, and calculate the average.
Maintenance windows and non 7×24 SLAs
Although we're now able to do some calculations on the uptime of your VM and generate reports, there are a few things remaining that we have think about. How to deal with maintenance windows, and what is the impact if uptime calculations are only required during business hours (let's say between 7:00 and 19:00).
Any downtime during a maintenance window should not be accounted to the SLA of a virtual machine. This can be achieved through the maintenance mode option in vRealize Operations. You can put an object in vRops into maintenance mode; this means that no metrics are saved for an object. Because there are no data point(s), there's now value for the uptime (0 or 100) and there's no impact on the average uptime SLA value. You can manually place an object in maintenance mode, however it's also possible to create a maintenance schedule and link it to a policy. In this way all objects that are linked to the policy are automatically placed in maintenance mode. More info in this article.
A big disadvantage of the maintenance mode method is that while an object (a VM) is in maintenance mode none of the metrics are saved. Actually you're loosing visibility to the VM. This means that if you want to use this method only to monitor the VM uptime during business hours, you're loosing complete visibility after business hours. Not something you want.
Another apprach is to always save uptime information (except if a VM is down for maintenance) and do uptime calculations only for the applicable time range. For this scenario we will have to use the View option again (although there are some limitations).
The View option option offers various time and range settings:
What would like to see is a View that displays the VM uptime for weekdays between 7:00 and 19:00. Unfortunately a View is not capable of analyzing multiple time ranges; you can set a (one) relative time range, or set a (one) absolute time range. With an absolute time range you can set date & time. So if you want to have a report on each day of the week, you have to create different views with each view analyzing a specific date/time. This will cost you a lot of effort to get uptime information for all weekdays during a specific month.
Another way to deal with this is to use the relative start date, and use the “Nth” option.
With the Nth option you can set a time interval between 9-19, so you can info on the uptime between this time intervals. The only constraint here is that this time range is only valid for the current day, it's not possible to point to a specific day of the week. In a dashboard that includes this view, you will have the uptime information for the current day, only available today. If you want to archive uptime for a VM throughout the week, you can schedule a report that includes this view and run it Monday till Friday after 19:00. It's a bit of a workaround, but I haven't found another way to retrieve this information.
One more thing…
One thing that is important to know is about how, or actually when the supermetric (the uptime) is calculated. vRops collects metrics and calculates supermetrics every 5 minutes. However, the supermetric of collection interval ‘t' is calculated at interval t+1. Interval t+1 is the next time interval and 5 minutes after the ‘source metric' is retrieved. This is illustrated in the following graph:
What you here are that the latest uptime metric is available at 10:28 pm, while the latest available supermetric is from 10:23 pm. So in a dashboard that displays the latest information you will always get the t-1 information for a supermetric. Notice that if there was downtime at 10:13 pm, the supermetric will show this at time interval 10:13 pm. It will only take until 10:18 pm before you have the information available.
I hope this was helpful again, if you have any questions please don't hesitate to leave a comment bewow.
The NCAA just took a stand against North Carolina's controversial bathroom law and pulled seven major championship games out of the Tar Heel state.
The NCAA announced its decision Monday evening, citing the "actions taken by the state concerning civil rights protections."
The law (officially designated "House Bill 2") is the only statewide law in the country that makes it unlawful to use a restroom that is different from one's biological sex. It also overrules any local laws that treat sexual orientation as a protected class to prevent discrimination against LGBT individuals.
The NCAA board of governors said the dynamic in North Carolina "is different from that of other states" because it allows for government officials to legally refuse services to the LGBT community. It also noted that five states plus numerous cities prohibit travel to North Carolina for public employees and representatives of public institutions, which could include student-athletes and campus athletics staff.
NCAA President Mark Emmert said the NCAA will determine the new locations for these championships soon.
Multinational coffeehouse chain Starbucks added the 100-percent vegan “Pink Drink”—a coconut milk-based refresher with freeze dried strawberries—to its official menu. The phenomenon began last year when customers began to order the Strawberry Açai Refresher, but with coconut milk instead of water, to produce the creamy pink hue. The customized drink became an Instagram sensation, amassing over 100,000 posts in a matter of months. The drink became one of the most popular items on a purported “secret menu” created by rogue baristas (including VegNews' own Richard Bowie) and innovative customers. “This delicious and refreshing drink is a celebration of our customers' and baristas' creativity and is just one of the 170,000 ways we craft beverages to meet each person's unique taste preferences,” Starbucks' vice president Vivienne Long said. After its successful launch of almond milk in stores nationwide last year, Starbucks recently debuted a vegan breakfast option (grains soaked overnight in coconut milk) and is testing its first prepared vegan lunch option—the Cauliflower Tabouli Salad—on menus in 100 Chicago locations.
Want more of today's best plant-based news, recipes, and lifestyle?
Get our award-winning magazine! Subscribe
A one-week-old baby in Indonesia has died from respiratory complications after being turned away from 10 hospitals, their street vendor father said Monday, adding they could not pay what some demanded.
Dera Nur Anggraini was born prematurely with their twin sister Dara on February 10, with a throat deformity that obstructed their breathing, said father Elias Setya Nugroho.
They said their family searched for treatment but was turned away from 10 hospitals, with some claiming not to have the right equipment and others saying they were fully occupied.
“Dera was buried yesterday, on Sunday, not far from our home,” Nugroho said, adding the baby died after being taken back to the Zahira Hospital in Jakarta where they were born.
“We tried several hospitals but they were full. Finally we went to a private hospital but we couldn't pay. In total 10 hospitals rejected us,” the street sandal vendor told AFP.
They said the private hospital asked for a down payment of 15 million rupiah ($1,552), even though the family held a health card that entitles low-income earners to free health services.
They said their other daughter Dara, who was born weighing 1.4 kilograms (three pounds) was now in a public hospital fighting for their life.
Health Minister Nafsiah Mboi said the baby who died would have had little chance of survival.
“The baby was born weighing just one kilogram, so they had little chance of survival. Usually babies are around three kilograms when they're born,” they said.
But the minister admitted the city was under-resourced to handle complications with newborns.
“The family was looking for a place for their baby. There are only 10 neonatal intensive care units (in Jakarta) and they were all full,” Mboi told reporters.
“We are going on a trip to Europe,” begins what could be Ernest Hemingway's first piece of fiction. It was discovered in May in Florida – and made public last week – in the archives kept by a family close to the Hemingways. A page in a notebook dated “Sep 8 ‘09” looks like a diary entry by Hemingway, who would have been 10 at the time.
Sandra Spanier, English professor and general editor of the Hemingway Letters Project, saw the notebook in May, and realised that it wasn't a travelogue – Hemingway had never made the trip – but was their own creation. At that young age, it bore some of the writer's hallmarks. “Hemingway later said that their method was to invent from experience and they often placed their characters in absolutely realistically described landscapes,” they noted.
Another gem, then, to add to the pile of juvenilia created by great artists as small children – all guaranteed to make the rest of us feel that we should have got started sooner. Here are just a few of the most humbling examples:
Jane Austen
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jane Austen. Photograph: GraphicaArtis#Unified ED/Getty Images
The earliest writings of Jane Austen date from when they were about 11 or 12 and include stories and parodies, with “exuberantly expressionistic tales of sexual misdemeanour, of female drunkenness and violence”. It is, writes Prof Kathryn Sutherland for the British Library, “not too fanciful to find traces of the strong-minded heros of these early experiments” in their later novels. “Running through them is a pronounced thread of comment on and wilful misreading of the literature of their day, showing how thoroughly and how early the activity of critical reading informed their character as a writer.”
Mozart
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mozart, aged 14. Photograph: Royal Society/PA
Mozart was composing their first music at the age of four or five – short pieces that were written down by their father. They wrote Symphony No 1 when they were eight. “The music feels derivative, like a faithful and accomplished copy of the work of their peers,” wrote the conductor Ian Page who embarked on a mission to play all of Mozart's music in order, “yet it already has its own distinct voice and individuality.”
Virginia Woolf
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Virginia Woolf, c1933. Photograph: Central Press/Getty Images
22 Hyde Park Gate, London, the childhood home of Virginia (later Woolf), Vanessa (later Bell) and their brother Thoby Stephen, was also the editorial offices of the Hyde Park Gate News – the family magazine the three children put together. Described as “boisterous” and spirited, with its comic stories, gossip and riddles, it ran from 1891 (when Virginia was 10) to 1895. It's possible to spot themes and events that make it into their later novels but also shows, writes their biographer Hermione Lee, “in its vivid, ebullient, attentive flow of comment, early symptoms of one of the world's great diary-writers.”
Pablo Picasso
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pablo Picasso, 1912. Photograph: Apic/Getty Images
One of Picasso's first drawings was of a statue of Hercules that belonged to their father, created when they were nine. “I have never done children's drawings, never,” they boldly claimed. A couple of other childhood drawings survive. “Tempting as it is to see the germ of great art in Picasso's juvenilia, they are … what one would expect from a reasonably gifted child,” writes John Richardson in their biography of the artist. Childhood work is not always a predictor of genius, then. Still, it's worth hanging on to your child's scribbles/lumpen pottery/hideous poetry, so scholars can critique it in future when their true talent emerges.
ADVERTISEMENT
With Special Counsel Robert Mueller's flurry of news — including the indictment of President Trump's former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, and the guilty plea of George Papadopoulos, a former foreign policy adviser to Trump — the metaphorical noose is tightening around America's 45th president. We're not yet in impeachment territory. But the most plausible scenario is now that by putting the screws to Manafort and their also-indicted business partner Rick Gates, Mueller will find their way to potentially serious allegations against Trump. Indeed, the indictments are almost certainly specifically intended as a way for Mueller to get to Trump's inner circle by putting pressure on Manafort and Gates. You don't need to believe that Trump is a Manchurian candidate; you just have to recall that this is the law of special prosecutors. There's always something. We commit three felonies per day. Once a prosecutor with limitless resources is on you, it's not a matter of if, but when.
This is the reality. There's no denying it. And this means that Republican leaders must decide now what to do with the fact that President Trump will be the focus of a scandal that will rank at least above Bill Clinton's impeachment trial in terms of gravity, even if it doesn't reach the level of Watergate.
And at this point, sadly, Republican lawmakers' behavior is quite predictable. They've tied themselves to the mast of the ship of Trump. They believe they need to stay close to them because otherwise their base will rebel. And if their base rebels, there goes their congressional majority, and there goes their already slim chance of passing the sort of agenda they've been dying to pass since they lost their last congressional majority.
The foolishness of this strategy is aptly captured by Winston Churchill's famous response to the Munich Accords: "You were given the choice between war and dishonor. You chose dishonor and you will have war." I am not comparing Trump to Hitler, or the stakes here to the stakes of World War II. But this sentiment perfectly describes the vacuity of the GOP's calculus.
Never mind for a moment whether it's honorable for Republicans to defend Trump against the charges related to Russian meddling (and while some allegations are fantastical, many are highly troubling). It's also idiotically bad politics. If and when it becomes clear that Trump either committed felonies during their campaign, or knew about others who did and didn't do anything about it, whatever they are, the Republicans who defended them will be humiliated and the country's disgust will wash over them like a tsunami.
Trump does have a fanatical base of supporters, and it's almost certain that some number of them will always dismiss even the smokiest of smoking guns as #fakenews. But those supporters are hardly the majority of the country; they're probably not even the majority of the Republican Party. What's more, most of them are only accidental Trump supporters. Republicans fear their base because they see things like right-wing upstart Roy Moore's victory in the GOP Senate primary in Alabama despite their embarrassing lack of qualifications. But they forget that Trump endorsed Moore's establishmentarian opponent. Trump's base isn't personally loyal to him; it is only loyal to them insofar as they are a vehicle for their grievances. The base will only be appeased if and when its grievances are addressed in some way; Trump personally is neither here nor there.
The memory of Bill Clinton's impeachment trial might reassure Republicans: Clinton did commit a felony (perjury), they did face an impeachment trial, theirs did party stick by him, and in the end they rode it out and finished their presidency with record highs of popularity. Then again, the lingering effects of that whole drama probably cost Democrats the presidency in 2000.
The situation today is completely different. Clinton had a genius for triangulation, and happened to ride a massive stock market wave that lifted all economic boats and their approval ratings in the process. Trump's genius — and it is genius, of a kind — is not for triangulation, but for polarization, which has unquestionably proved useful at some things, but is the opposite of what's needed to make the public's mushy middle give you a pass on potentially impeachable misdeeds. As while Trump's economy is doing much better than a few years ago, neither do citizens feel the way they felt during the go-go late '90s, when they were on such an economic high that they were willing to give their president a pass on an extramarital affair. And that is the final point: There's a big difference between being guilty of an extramarital affair (try as Republicans might have, going blue in the face, to cast the issue as one of perjury, moral virtue, and sexual harassment, that message didn't stick with the American public) and being guilty of a potential breach of national security.
Which brings us to the impending disaster for Republicans. However bad voters feel about Trump, they will feel worse about Republicans who abetted them for political gain, even though everyone in the country knows they disagree with their ideas and despise them politically.
The Republican Party might be able to ride out Trump's self-destructive unpopularity if it tried as hard as possible to separate Trump's brand from its own. Instead it is doing almost everything to join them together.
The party had to choose between dishonor and destruction. It chose dishonor, and with every passing day it looks increasingly likely it will get destruction.
Evidence indicates that activation of the parasympathetic nervous system (PNS) suppresses physiological responses associated with motion sickness. Research also shows paced breathing increases PNS activation; the current study examines the use of paced diaphragmatic breathing (DB) training to quell motion sickness symptoms. Healthy participants (N = 60) were pre-screened for motion sickness susceptibility. Participants were then randomly assigned to either a control condition, focusing on environmental awareness, or to an experimental condition implementing paced DB. Following this, participants were exposed to a virtual reality (VR) motion sickness experience, while heart rate variability, breathing rate (RPM), and motion sickness ratings were collected. Results demonstrated participants in the DB condition had higher PNS activation and reported fewer motion sickness symptoms during the VR experience than the participants in the control condition. Results suggest that the DB protocol can be used to significantly increase PNS tone and decrease the development of motion sickness symptoms.
Over 46 million people were living in poverty in 2012, three years after the recession was declared over
Patrick Semansky / ASSOCIATED PRESS In this April 4, 2013 picture, children play kickball on a vacant lot alongside a blighted row house in Baltimore. The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that 21.8 percent of American children are impoverished.
The poverty rate and the number of people living in poverty haven't budged since 2011 despite the slowly improving economy, according to a report released early Tuesday.
46.5 million people were living in poverty in 2012, according to new data from the U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 Income Poverty and Health Insurance report. That translates into a national rate of 15% of Americans below the poverty line. Before the last recession began in 2007, the rate was 2.5 points lower and has been hovering around 15% since 2010.
Tuesday's report represents the second consecutive year that neither the poverty rate nor the number of people living in poverty has shifted in statistically significant terms. In 2011, there were 46.2 million people living in poverty.
Some groups, however, have seen a turn for the worse in recent years. For the elderly, the number of people in poverty increased to 3.9 million in 2012, up from 3.6 million in 2011. The Economic Policy Institute estimates that without Social Security benefits, an additional 15.3 million people over 65 would have been living in poverty in 2012. That would move the elderly to the same level as children, 16.1 million of whom were impoverished in 2012.
For people in the South, the number increased from 18.4 million people living in poverty in 2011 to 19.1 million in 2012.
The numbers aren't any more promising when it comes to Americans' income. Over the past six years, earnings have dropped 8.3% from $55,627; since 1999, when the median income peaked according to the report, household income has fallen by 9%.
Given the slow decline in the unemployment rate over the past year, the stagnation in the poverty and income rates are not a surprise to experts. The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities estimates the job market has grown by an average of 162,000 jobs per month, over the past 3 ½ years, but the growth hasn't been fast enough to bring the labor force back up to its pre-recession 2007 levels. The unemployment rate hovered at 7.3% in August, which is low compared to the rate of 8.1% during the same period in 2012 and 9.1% in 2011. But labor force participation is at its lowest level since 1978.
The kinds of increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide taking place today could have a significantly larger effect on global temperatures than previously thought, according to a new study led by Yale University geologists.
Their findings appear December 20 in the advanced online edition of Nature Geoscience.
The team demonstrated that only a relatively small rise in atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) was associated with a period of substantial warming in the mid- and early-Pliocene era, between three to five million years ago, when temperatures were approximately 3 to 4 degrees Celsius warmer than they are today.
Climate sensitivity -- the mean global temperature response to a doubling of the concentration of atmospheric CO 2 -- is estimated to be 1.5 to 4.5 degrees Celsius, using current models.
"These models take into account only relatively fast feedbacks, such as changes in atmospheric water vapor and the distribution of sea ice, clouds and aerosols," said Mark Pagani, associate professor of geology and geophysics at Yale and lead author of the paper. "We wanted to look at Earth-system climate sensitivity, which includes the effects of long-term feedbacks such as change in continental ice-sheets, terrestrial ecosystems and greenhouse gases other than CO 2 ."
To do this, the team focused on the most recent episode of sustained global warmth with geography similar to today's. Their reconstructed CO 2 concentrations for the past five million years was used to estimate Earth-system climate sensitivity for a fully equilibrated state of the planet, and found that a relatively small rise in CO 2 levels was associated with substantial global warming 4.5 million years ago. They also found that the global temperature was 2 to 3 degrees Celsius higher than today while CO 2 levels were only between about 365 and 415 parts per million (ppm) -- similar to today's concentration of about 386 ppm.
"This work and other ancient climate reconstructions reveal that Earth's climate is more sensitive to atmospheric carbon dioxide than is discussed in policy circles," Pagani said. "Since there is no indication that the future will behave differently than the past, we should expect a couple of degrees of continued warming even if we held CO 2 concentrations at the current level."
Other authors of the paper include Zhonghui Liu (Yale University and The University of Hong Kong), and Jonathan LaRiviere and Ana Christina Ravelo (University of California, Santa Cruz).
This study used samples provided by the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program and was funded by the National Science Foundation and the Yale Climate and Energy Institute.
Have you ever wondered exactly how all the physical memory in a Firefox OS device is used? Wonder no more. I just landed a system-wide memory reporter which works on any Firefox product running on a Linux system. This includes desktop Firefox builds on Linux, Firefox for Android, and Firefox OS.
This memory reporter is a bit different to the existing ones, which work entirely within Mozilla processes. The new reporter provides measurements for the entire system, including every user-space process (Mozilla or non-Mozilla) that is running. It's aimed primarily at profiling Firefox OS devices, because we have full control over the code running on those devices, and so it's there that a system-wide view is most useful.
Here is some example output from a GeeksPhone Keon.
System Other Measurements 397.24 MB (100.0%) -- mem ├──215.41 MB (54.23%) ── free ├──105.72 MB (26.61%) -- processes │ ├───57.59 MB (14.50%) -- process(/system/b2g/b2g, pid=709) │ │ ├──42.29 MB (10.65%) -- anonymous │ │ │ ├──42.25 MB (10.63%) -- outside-brk │ │ │ │ ├──41.94 MB (10.56%) ── [rw-p] [69] │ │ │ │ └───0.31 MB (00.08%) ++ (2 tiny) │ │ │ └───0.05 MB (00.01%) ── brk-heap/[rw-p] │ │ ├──13.03 MB (03.28%) -- shared-libraries │ │ │ ├───8.39 MB (02.11%) -- libxul.so │ │ │ │ ├──6.05 MB (01.52%) ── [r-xp] │ │ │ │ └──2.34 MB (00.59%) ── [rw-p] │ │ │ └───4.64 MB (01.17%) ++ (69 tiny) │ │ └───2.27 MB (00.57%) ++ (2 tiny) │ ├───21.73 MB (05.47%) -- process(/system/b2g/plugin-container, pid=756) │ │ ├──12.49 MB (03.14%) -- anonymous │ │ │ ├──12.48 MB (03.14%) -- outside-brk │ │ │ │ ├──12.41 MB (03.12%) ── [rw-p] [30] │ │ │ │ └───0.07 MB (00.02%) ++ (2 tiny) │ │ │ └───0.02 MB (00.00%) ── brk-heap/[rw-p] │ │ ├───8.88 MB (02.23%) -- shared-libraries │ │ │ ├──7.33 MB (01.85%) -- libxul.so │ │ │ │ ├──4.99 MB (01.26%) ── [r-xp] │ │ │ │ └──2.34 MB (00.59%) ── [rw-p] │ │ │ └──1.54 MB (00.39%) ++ (50 tiny) │ │ └───0.36 MB (00.09%) ++ (2 tiny) │ ├───14.08 MB (03.54%) -- process(/system/b2g/plugin-container, pid=836) │ │ ├───7.53 MB (01.89%) -- shared-libraries │ │ │ ├──6.02 MB (01.52%) ++ libxul.so │ │ │ └──1.51 MB (00.38%) ++ (47 tiny) │ │ ├───6.24 MB (01.57%) -- anonymous │ │ │ ├──6.23 MB (01.57%) -- outside-brk │ │ │ │ ├──6.23 MB (01.57%) ── [rw-p] [22] │ │ │ │ └──0.00 MB (00.00%) ── [r--p] │ │ │ └──0.01 MB (00.00%) ── brk-heap/[rw-p] │ │ └───0.31 MB (00.08%) ++ (2 tiny) │ └───12.32 MB (03.10%) ++ (23 tiny) └───76.11 MB (19.16%) ── other
The data is obtained entirely from the operating system, specifically from /proc/meminfo and the /proc/<pid>/smaps files, which are files provided by the Linux kernel specifically for measuring memory consumption.
I wish that the mem entry at the top was the amount of physical memory available. Unfortunately there is no way to get that on a Linux system, and so it's instead the MemTotal value from /proc/meminfo , which is “Total usable RAM (i.e. physical RAM minus a few reserved bits and the kernel binary code)”. And if you're wondering about the exact meaning of the other entries, as usual if you hover the cursor over an entry in about:memory you'll get a tool-tip explaining what it means.
The measurements given for each process are the PSS (proportional set size) measurements. These attribute any shared memory equally among all processes that share it, and so PSS is the only measurement that can be sensibly summed across processes (unlike “Size” or “RSS”, for example).
For each process there is a wealth of detail about static code and data. (The above example only shows a tiny fraction of it, because a number of the sub-trees are collapsed. If you were viewing it in about:memory, you could expand and collapse sub-trees to your heart's content.) Unfortunately, there is little information about anonymous mappings, which constitute much of the non-static memory consumption. I have some patches that will add an extra level of detail there, distinguishing major regions such as the jemalloc heap, the JS GC heap, and JS JIT code. For more detail than that, the existing per-process memory reports in about:memory can be consulted. Unfortunately the new system-wide reporter cannot be sensibly combined with the existing per-process memory reporters because the latter are unaware of implicit sharing between processes. (And note that the amount of implicit sharing is increased significantly by the new Nuwa process.)
Because this works with our existing memory reporting infrastructure, anyone already uses the get_about_memory.py script with Firefox OS will automatically get these reports along with all the usual ones once they update their source code, and the system-wide reports can be loaded and viewed in about:memory as usual. On Firefox and Firefox for Android, you'll need to set the memory.system_memory_reporter flag in about:config to enable it.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Greece has called a referendum on the terms it was being offered by creditors
The European Central Bank says it is not increasing its emergency funding for Greek banks, amid fears that Greece may default on its debts on Tuesday.
The decision not to raise the cap on aid to Greece increases the likelihood of bank closures and restrictions on cash withdrawals, analysts say.
That in turn could eventually result in Greece leaving the euro.
The ECB said that it stood ready to review the decision and would work closely with the Bank of Greece.
The current ceiling for the ECB's emergency funding - Emergency Liquidity Assistance (ELA) - is €89bn (£63bn). It is not clear if all that money has been disbursed.
Those funds are used by banks to provide cash to depositors who want their money back.
The ELA decision may mean Greek banks do not open on Monday to prevent a run ahead of the imposition of capital controls, BBC economics editor Robert Peston says,
That would be a significant step towards Greece leaving the euro, though it would not make it inevitable, they say.
Queues continued to build outside some ATMs in Athens on Sunday, but cash was readily available at many of them.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Greek banks are reliant on emergency support from the ECB
Greece's finance ministry said the country's financial stability council would meet later on Sunday to consider the situation.
Asked if capital controls were now inevitable, Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis told the BBC: "This is a matter that we'll have to work overnight on, with the appropriate authorities both here in Greece and in Frankfurt."
The ECB's move comes at the end of a turbulent week of negotiations between Greece and its creditors.
Weekend of turmoil
Friday evening: Greek prime minister calls referendum on terms of new bailout deal, asks for extension of existing bailout
Saturday afternoon: Eurozone finance ministers refuse to extend existing bailout beyond Tuesday
Saturday evening: Greek parliament backs referendum for 5 July
Sunday afternoon: ECB says it is not increasing emergency assistance to Greece
On Saturday, eurozone finance ministers refused a Greek request to extend Greece's current bailout beyond 30 June, the same day that Greece has to make a payment of €1.6bn to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Without new funds, Greece risks defaulting.
Greece and its creditors had been locked in talks over fresh bailout money on Friday when the Greek government broke off discussions to call a surprise referendum for 5 July over the terms it was being offered.
It described the terms as "not viable", and asked for an extension of its current deal until after the vote was completed.
Analysis: Andrew Walker, BBC economics correspondent
Some sort of restrictions on withdrawals, perhaps a bank holiday, look very likely for Monday.
The ECB was prepared to risk this consequence of their decision to restrict the ELA because the failure of the bailout talks cast new doubt on the viability of Greek banks - some of their assets depend on the government being able to meet its financial commitments.
And it is a fundamental principle of central banking that while you do lend to banks that are temporary difficulty, you only do so if they are solvent.
Mr Varoufakis said the prospect of Greece's creditors ending their financial support was "appalling".
It would mean "that Europe has failed in its duty to preserve in parallel a democratic process and a monetary union", they said.
Many Greeks still believe the banking system will survive the current uncertainty, the BBC's Joe Miller reports from Athens.
"We're going to be just fine," said a pensioner who voted for Syriza, the left-wing party of Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras. "I trust him," they added, saying they would vote against accepting the creditor's proposals in the upcoming referendum.
In the queue at the cashpoint: Anna Holligan, BBC News, Athens
People standing in the queues for the cashpoint are heatedly debating politics. That's all you hear them talking about. The disagreements climax, the talking turns into shouting and now insults are being thrown - they are calling each other ignorant, naive, foolish and suicidal.
All discussions seem to lead to the question: "So who did you vote for in January?" Those who supported Syriza defend it by arguing that at least someone is standing up for the country, but they are attacked by others as responsible for the bank run.
"They took too much risk" is the feeling among many people.
Obviously, they are also discussing the referendum. Older people realise that a Yes at the referendum means that pension schemes will need to be reformed.
I even saw two people depositing money, claiming this was the conscientious thing to do. One of them tried to convince others not to withdraw their cash.
What are the Greek papers saying?
The grey parrot (Psittacus erithacus), also known as the Congo grey parrot or African grey parrot, is an Old World parrot in the family Psittacidae. The Timneh parrot (Psittacus timneh) was earlier treated as conspecific but has since been split as a full species.
Description [ edit ]
Head of grey parrot
The grey parrot is a medium-sized, predominantly grey, black-billed parrot. Their average weight is 400 grams (0.88 lb), with an average length of 33 centimetres (13 in)[2] and an average wingspan of 46–52 centimetres (18–20 in).[3] It has darker grey over the head and both wings, while the head and body feathers have a slight white edge to them. The tail feathers are red. Due to selection by parrot breeders, some grey parrots are partly or completely red.[4] Both sexes appear similar.[2] The colouration of juveniles is similar to that of adults, but the eye is typically dark grey to black, in comparison to the yellow irises around dark eyes of the adult birds.[5] The undertail coverts are also tinged with grey.[2] The adults weigh 418–526 grams (0.922–1.160 lb).[6]
Grey parrots may live for 40–60 years in captivity, although their mean lifespan in the wild appears to be shorter at about 23 years.[3]
Distribution and habitat [ edit ]
The grey parrot is native to equatorial Africa, including Angola, Cameroon, Congo, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Kenya, and Uganda. The species is found inside a range from Kenya to the eastern part of the Ivory Coast.[7][8] Current estimates for the global population are uncertain and range from 0.63 to 13 million birds. Populations are decreasing worldwide.[8] The species seems to favor dense forests, but can also be found at forest edges and in more open vegetation types (gallery and savanna forests).[1]
A population study published in 2015 found that the species had been ″virtually eliminated″ from Ghana with numbers declining 90 to 99% since 1992.[9] They were found in only 10 of 42 forested areas, and three roosts that once held 700–1200 birds each now had only 18 in total. Local people mainly blamed the pet trade, and the felling of timber for the decline.[10] Populations are thought to be stable in Cameroon, and in the Congo an estimated 15,000 are taken every year for the pet trade, from the eastern part of the country. The annual quota is 5,000.[10]
The grey parrot has escaped or been deliberately released into Florida, USA, but there is no evidence that the population is naturally breeding.[11]
Behavior and ecology [ edit ]
Breeding [ edit ]
Two eggs and a newly hatched chick
One-day old chick
Grey parrots are monogamous breeders which nest in tree cavities. Each couple of parrots needs its own tree to nest. The hen lays three to five eggs, which they incubate for 30 days while being fed by their mate. The adults defend their nesting sites.[7] Both parents help take care of the chicks until they can go off on their own.[12] Grey parrot chicks require feeding and care from their parents in the nest.[7] The parents take care of them until four or five weeks after they are fledged.[12] Young leave the nest at the age of 12 weeks. Little is known about the courtship behavior of this species in the wild.[3] They weigh 12–14 grams (0.026–0.031 lb) at birth and 372–526 grams (0.820–1.160 lb) when they leave their parents.[6]
Diet [ edit ]
A pet grey parrot eating a cucumber.
They are mostly frugivorous; most of their diet consists of fruit, nuts, and seeds. The species prefers oil palm fruit and also eat flowers and tree bark, as well as insects and snails.[4] In the wild, the grey is partly a ground feeder.[13] In captivity, it can eat sunflower seeds, bird pellets, a variety of fruits such as pears, orange, pomegranate, apple, and banana, and vegetables such as carrots, cooked sweet potato, celery, fresh kale, peas, and green beans.[6][13] They also need a source of calcium.[7]
Conservation [ edit ]
The natural predators for this species include palm-nut vultures, as well as a number of raptors; monkeys target eggs and the young for food. Grey parrots in captivity have been observed to be susceptible to fungal infections, bacterial infections, nutritional insufficiency, malignant tumors, psittacine beak and feather disease, tapeworms, and blood-worms.[7][13]
Humans are by far the largest threat to wild grey populations. Between 1994 and 2003, over 359,000 grey parrots were traded on the international market. Around 21% of the population of the wild birds are being harvested every year. Mortality rates are extremely high after they are captured until they reach market, ranging from 60–66%.[8] Mortality among imported birds is high.[14] This bird is also hunted for its meat and for its parts which are used in traditional medicines.[15] As a result of the extensive harvest of wild birds, in addition to habitat loss, this species is believed to be undergoing a rapid decline in the wild and has therefore been rated as endangered by the IUCN.[1]
In October 2016, the Convention on the International Trade of Endangered Fauna and Flora (CITES) extended the highest level of protection to grey parrots by listing the species under appendix 1, which bans global and domestic trade in the species.[16]
Relationship to humans [ edit ]
The species is common in captivity and is regularly kept by humans as a companion parrot, prized for its ability to mimic human speech, which makes it one of the most popular avian pets.[1] An escaped pet in Japan was returned to their owner after repeating the owner's name and address.[17]
Skeleton
They are notorious for mimicking noises around their environment and using them tirelessly. While they are highly intelligent birds, they need enrichment and attention in captivity or they can become distressed; feather plucking is a common symptom.[13] They may also be prone to behavioural problems due to their sensitive nature.[14] Social isolation hastens stress and ageing.[18]
Grey parrots are also highly intelligent, having been shown to perform at the cognitive level of a 4- to 6-year-old child in some tasks. New experiments have shown that grey parrots can learn number sequences and can associate human voices with those humans' faces.[19] Most notably, Dr. Irene Pepperberg's work with Alex the parrot showed their ability to learn over 100 words, differentiating between objects, colours, materials, and shapes.[20]
Mutations [ edit ]
Grey mutations occur naturally in the wild, like the Blue Ino (albino), Incomplete Ino, and Blue varietals. The Blue Ino is all white. The Incomplete Ino has light pigmentation. The Blue has a white tail.
Breeders from South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Scandinavia have intensively bred greys since the 1800s. These bred varieties include the Red Pied, F2 Pied, Grizzles, Ino, Incomplete, Parino, Lutino, Cinnamon, and Red Factor. South African bird breeder Von van Antwerpen and New Zealand partner Jaco Bosman selected F2 Pieds and created the first Red Factor Greys. The Red Factor Greys are rare, can be predominantly red-pigmented, and range in price depending on the extent of the red plumage displayed.[21]
References [ edit ]
According to reports on Syria Direct, over the last week or so, the Asayish, the cops who maintain order in the self-managed cantons of Rojava, have launched a wave of arrests against people associated with the Kurdish National Council, which is linked to Masoud Barzani's administration in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Several people have been arrested for holding demonstrations without a permit, and the co-president of Jazira canton's Internal Affairs Entity, in classic neoliberal reasonablespeak, said that “any gathering or demonstration in any city must be licensed” and that “the appropriate legal measures will be taken” against anyone not abiding by that law.
I share this information in the hope of prompting some discussion among the wider radical left circles who've been paying attention to developments in Rojava, and particularly among those of us who are more or less supportive of the social experiment going on there.
Obviously, the PYD is still a much lesser evil compared to Assad, ISIS, or Jabhat al-Nusra/al-Sham. Just as I'd rather live under a Corbynist social democracy than under the Tories, I'd rather live in Rojava, Asayish and all, than under the rule of any of the main forces that control most of Syria. And opposing the Rojavan proto-state's repression against political rivals should not stop us from opposing the repression carried out by other states against supporters of Rojava. I'd say that we should still support the de-listing of the PKK, not least because the chilling effect of terror legislation actually makes it harder to have a full critical discussion of Kurdish politics.
But still, this is news that deserves to be properly discussed, especially among supporters of the Rojava project. Do people see these moves as justifiable? (After all, Barzani is undoubtedly a scumbag, and even the most libertarian revolution will have to take some measures to disrupt reactionaries.)
If you don't see these arrests as justified, how do they change your overall opinion of the PYD and the “democratic self-administration”? If you think the arrests are wrong, but the Rojava experiment as a whole is still worth supporting in some way (which, for what it's worth, is more or less how I feel), what would it take to make you change your mind – what are your “red lines” that the PYD would have to cross before you felt you couldn't support it, or its allied forces and projects, at all?
I offer these questions not in the hope of tricking people into giving embarrassing wrong answers, or to demonstrate the correctness of some invariant set of fixed truths, but because I genuinely don't know the answers for sure. An adequate understanding of the situation in Rojava can only come from open and comradely discussion. But that discussion can't shy away from addressing the uglier sides of the situation, which is why keeping track of things like Asayish repression of the PYD's rivals is so important.
Advertisements
Streets of Basel paved with gold: 15 TONS of five cent coins are dumped on city's streets as protesters demand a basic minimum income for every Swiss household
For years it's long been regarded as one of Europe's richest countries.
And judging by these photos, they really have got money to throw about - and can even pave the streets with gold.
But the cash so freely splashed was with five-centime pieces - and the reason behind the move was to demand a minimum income for Swiss households.
Activists pile 8 Mio five-centime pieces, one for each citizen in Switzerland, into a bank vault
Money to throw around: The controversial scheme was presented to parliament today
As Europe continues to struggle with financial turbulence and unemployment, activists in Switzerland have decided to take a stand and demand a basic income to each citizen on a monthly basis.
Activists piled 8 Mio five-centime pieces, one representing each citizen in Switzerland, in the safe room of the 'Basler Volksbank' bank building, in Basel, Switzerland.
Then the team from 'Generation Basic Income Initiative' dumped the 15 tons of money in front of the parliament building in Bern, the capital of Switzerland.
The initiative aims to have a minimum monthly disposal household income of CHF 2,500 (US$ 2,700) given by the government to every citizen living in Switzerland
The activist of the 'Generation Basic Income' dumped the 15 tons of money in front of the parliament building in Bern
The initiative aims to have a minimum monthly disposal household income of CHF 2,500 (US$ 2,700) given by the government to every citizen living in Switzerland
Enno Schmidt, founder of Generation Basic Income Initiative, says they want government to implement an unconditional basic income (UBI), Ruptly.TV reported.
Their organisation presented 130,000 signatures to Parliament urging them to pass a law guaranteeing a basic income of CHF 2,500 for all Swiss nationals.
The Swiss Parliament must address or hold a referendum over any issue which has gathered more than 100,000 signatures.
According to Schmidt the Swiss government is angry 'because now they have to look into this initiative'.
Streets are paved with gold: Committee members use brooms to spread out five cent coins over the Federal Square
Each 8 Mio five-centime pieces represented each habitant in Switzerland
They went on to clarify that the goal of the initiative is 'not to make people equal' but instead 'to give people the right of life in an economical way'.
According to The Richest , Switzerland does not have a minimum wage written into law.
It does have bargaining arrangements between its workers and management and covers the majority of the working population.
The founder and Daniel Häni both made The Basic income, a cultural impulse that praises the idea of a Basic income.
Image copyright PA
Patients in England will see rising waiting times, rationing and cuts in the number of staff unless the NHS gets more money, health bosses say.
A five-year plan to increase the budget by £8bn a year by 2020 was only set out last year, but now hospital bosses have warned that is not enough.
Chris Hopson, of NHS Providers, said the settlement needed to be redrawn.
It comes as the half-year accounts for 2016-17 showed hospitals and other NHS trusts were failing to keep in budget.
From April to September trusts overspent by £648m - this is despite hospitals being given an extra £1.8bn this year to bail them out following last year's record deficit of £2.45bn.
Mr Hopson's comments plus the emerging deficit puts the pressure on ministers ahead of the Autumn Statement next Wednesday.
This will be the first time the government under Theresa May's leadership has outlined its spending priorities.
All the indications to date are that ministers are not prepared to give the NHS more money, although there have been rumours that council-run care services could see investment to help reduce demands on the health service.
Read more:
Mr Hopson criticised the way the current spending plans had been structured.
They pointed out the rise in spending was actually £4.5bn rather than £8bn when cuts to other budgets, including those for training staff and money for public health schemes such as stop smoking services, was taken into account.
They also said the extra demands being placed on hospitals, GPs and council-run care services had been underestimated, while the target to save £22bn in efficiencies by 2020 was "too ambitious".
"For all these reasons, there is now a clear and widening gap between what is being asked of the NHS and the funding available to deliver it," Mr Hopson said.
"We are therefore asking for a new plan for the rest of the parliament to finalise or confirm the NHS budget and honestly and realistically set out what can be delivered.
"If there are no changes to the money available we will need to set out what the NHS stops doing. Right now the service cannot deliver what is being asked of it on the current budget."
They said that could include longer waiting times, rationing of non-emergency care such as knee and hip replacements and fewer doctors and nurses.
Targets are already being missed in A&E and cancer care, while the waiting list for routine operations, such as knee and hip replacements, has hit 3.7m up from 3m two years ago.
But instead of prioritising hospitals, they said any extra money should be invested in GPs and council care services to try to stem the rising demands. They refused to say how much more the health service needed however.
More money for mental health
Meanwhile, the campaign group Equality 4 Mental Health, headed by Tony Blair's former spin doctor Alastair Campbell, Liberal Democrat MP Norman Lamb and Conservative Andrew Mitchell, called for more to be done to make sure extra money got through to mental health.
The group - with the backing of nine former health secretaries - has said services are still being squeezed despite promises for care to be prioritised.
Sally Gainsbury, of the Nuffield Trust think tank, agreed there need to be a rethink on finances, saying a "long-term solution" was needed rather than the "sticking plaster" of the current plans.
But the Department of Health defended its record. "The government has taken tough economic decisions that have allowed us to invest in our NHS, which is meeting record patient demand while improving standards of care."
Read more from Nick
Follow Nick on Twitter
The New Zealand Government still intends to give a $3 million abattoir to Saudi Arabia despite being concerned by the mass executions there this month.
Photo: RNZ / Kim Baker Wilson
In their weekly post cabinet press conference yesterday, Prime Minister John Key said the government was deeply concerned about the 47 executions the Saudi government carried out at the start of the month.
"Firstly because we don't support the death penalty under any circumstances, secondly because we think it heightened tensions in the region - particularly with Iran," Mr Key said.
But Mr Key said the abattoir would still be sent.
"We don't have any plans to change what we're doing in that area, it's not to the Saudi government per se, it's to an investor and it's the establishment of an agricultural hub in Saudi Arabia."
Saudi law prevents private ownership of slaughterhouses so the New Zealand-funded abattoir will be given to the Saudi government - which will then lease it back to the Saudi business person, Hamood Al-Ali Al-Khalaf, on whose farm it will be built.
Mr Al-Khalaf was angry when New Zealand stopped live sheep exports on animal welfare grounds in the early 2000s and was blocking a free trade deal with the Gulf States.
The abattoir is to be delivered to their farm in the Saudi desert as part of the government's multi-million dollar deal to placate him.
Green Party co-leader James Shaw said they thought the public would be outraged.
"I think that most New Zealanders will be pretty appalled .......funding was going from us directly to the Saudi Government - especially given that the entire agrihub was essentially a bribe to a Saudi business person to keep them happy in the first place," Mr Shaw said.
"This is not a regime that we want to be giving favourable treatment to."
Labour MP David Parker said the public would be dismayed by the deal going ahead.
"I think most New Zealanders would be appalled that the New Zealand government is giving $3m to the Saudi Arabian government, which is not a poor government, for an abattoir on a farm in the desert, in the same week that these terrible human right abuses are occurring with these mass executions in the street."
The government is refusing to release reports into mass lamb deaths that occurred at the Saudi agrihub, shortly after it flew 900 heavily pregnant sheep there.
The Auditor General is investigating the government's deal with Mr Al-Khalaf.
Show full PR text
DACOR WILL REVEAL THE NEXT STEP IN KITCHEN EVOLUTION EXCLUSIVELY
AT TWO PREMIER MEDIA EVENTS FOR INTERNATIONAL CES 2013
Industry leader of innovative design and concepts for the kitchen will showcase the
world's first built-in Android oven at premier media event.
City of Industry, CA (USA) – January 4, 2013 – Dacor®, a market
leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of luxury kitchen
appliances since 1965, announced today their participation in two
premier media events surrounding the world's largest and most
important technology tradeshow of 2013 – International CES. Dacor
plans to stun the media by revolutionizing the appliance industry with
the world's first wall oven featuring the integrated Discovery IQ™ Controller for Android™. It will
be presented for the first time at CES Unveiled: The Official Press Event of the International
CES held on Sunday, Jan. 6 from 4-7pm at the Mandalay Bay Hotel, South Seas Ballroom C, in
Las Vegas and at Showstoppers, the global leader in technology showcases, during
International CES 2013, held on Tuesday, Jan. 8 from 6-10pm at the Wynn Hotel, Lafite
Ballroom, in Las Vegas.
Dacor is responsible for many industry firsts including the 30" Self-Cleaning Pure Convection™
Wall Oven, which set the standard for this built-in appliance category. The Discovery™ 30" Wall
Oven represents Dacor's 9th generation of 30" built-in wall ovens. The company's dedication to
continuously manufacturing innovative luxury appliances is evident here. Specifically, the
Discovery Wall Oven connects the kitchen to the home via a new industry exclusive – the
Discovery IQ Controller, which is the first Dacor oven to feature Wi-Fi connectivity.
With the Discovery IQ Controller, home chefs can expect the latest
technological advances for the kitchen running on the Android OS platform.
Powered by a Samsung 1GHZ Processor and 512MB DDR2 RAM, the built-in
controller is exclusive to Discovery™ Series Wall Ovens. The controller rounds
out with complete Wi-Fi connection capability and is equipped with stereo
sound and a PowerVR SGX 540 graphics processing unit delivering an exciting
multimedia experience through a 7" LCD glass touch screen panel.
The graphic user interface (GUI) is easy to use and is the most
recent collaboration from Dacor and BMW Group DesignworksUSA,
an international leader in design strategy, premium design
development, and brand communication. With the built-in Discovery
IQ Controller home chefs can access the Dacor Discovery IQ
Cooking Application and Guide while simultaneously downloading
other popular applications through the Google
®
Play Store,
researching new recipes or viewing cooking video demonstrations wirelessly through a home WiFi network.
The Discovery IQ Controller with interactive cooking application and guide can also be accessed
remotely by the home chef throughout the home with their own Wi-Fi enabled tablet or smart hone. The IQ eliminates the guesswork associated with preparing popular dishes and family
recipes by way of a pre-programmed guide. It enables users to prepare a wide range of dishes to
perfection with the touch of a finger. Simply select the desired recipe from the display menu,
insert the dish, initiate the program and relax as the oven takes care of the rest. Additionally,
when the desired cook time has been reached, the oven will place the dish on warming mode,
keeping food warm until ready to serve.
With Dacor's proprietary IQ application, the kitchen takes on a life of its own. Once a dish is ready
to serve, the IQ will notify the chef via text message or push notification. Should the wall oven
encounter a problem or require maintenance, IQ will notify the owner with an error message and
an automated report will be sent to Dacor for troubleshooting. To ensure optimal IQ and oven
performance levels, automatic system updates and self-diagnostics will be downloaded directly to
the IQ Controller via Wi-Fi from the Dacor server.
"The Discovery IQ is truly a revolutionary wall oven controller that has raised the bar for cooking
convenience and performance. It has set the standard for the connected kitchen of the future as
the first wall oven with an integrated Android controller and Wi-Fi connectivity," said Steve
Joseph, President of DACOR.
By combining oven technology with the insight of the IQ Controller and cooking application, Dacor
is empowering the novice cook to perform at expert levels with a simple swipe of a finger. With
control features such as Guided Cooking, Quick Start Guide, My Recipe Box, and Slow Cook
Mode, home chefs are almost guaranteed to cook all their favorite dishes to perfection.
In addition to the exclusive IQ Controller, the new Discovery 30" Wall Oven is built with core
features signature to Dacor, such as a 4.8 cubic foot oven cell capacity to prepare large poultry or
for multi-rack cooking; exclusive Four-Part Pure Convection™ System which reduces cooking
time, provides superior heat distribution and eliminates flavor transfer; GreenClean
TM
Steam
Technology which cleans light build-up in 30 minutes without the use of high heat or harsh
chemicals; and GlideRacks™ equipped with a convenient easy-pull handle which allow the home
chef to move heavier dishes in and out of the oven easily. And to top it all off, personalize
your Discovery Wall Oven by selecting one of two handle options, the professional Epicure®
stainless steel handle, or the proprietary Dacor integrated stainless steel handle, for a flush
contemporary look.
The new Discovery 30" Wall Ovens with exclusive IQ Controller are targeted for production during
the Summer of 2013 - $7499 UMRP for a 30" Double Wall Oven and $4499 UMRP for a 30"
Single Wall Oven. Discovery IQ Wall Ovens will be available at specialty kitchen appliance
retailers, Pacific Sales, Lowes, and internationally through distributors in Canada and Mexico.
About Dacor: Dacor is the innovator of stylish, American-made kitchen appliances that provide a luxurious
culinary experience for those who are passionate about the details of gourmet cooking. Since its inception in
1965, Dacor has been owned and managed by three generations of the Joseph family. Dacor is responsible
for many industry firsts, including the 30" self-cleaning Pure Convection™ wall oven, a drop-in cooktop with
continuous grates, and an outdoor grill with halogen lights and the first professional dual-fuel range with
sealed burners. Today, Dacor utilizes the expertise and heritage of a third generation, family-owned
company to provide exquisitely designed luxury appliances.
Dacor was established with the principles of innovation, style, performance, craftsmanship and
sustainability. The company manufactures three luxury product collections; the innovative Discovery™
Series, the intelligent Renaissance® Series and the essential Distinctive™ Series, to fit the needs of the
discerning home chef.
For more information regarding the new Discovery 30" Wall Oven with exclusive IQ™ Controller and for hig
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) says they are not abandoning negotiations on a comprehensive energy and climate bill even as they warn of partisan gridlock following the Democrats' push this week to pass health care reform.
"It's going to make it very difficult to do anything complicated and controversial," Graham told reporters yesterday.
"I'm still committed to trying to roll out a vision of how you can price carbon and make it business-friendly. We're still going to do that. ... But the truth of the matter is, I think you're going to find most of our colleagues around here risk adverse."
Graham's continued role in the climate talks with Sens. John Kerry (D-Mass.) and Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) is critical for lawmakers trying to maintain momentum on an issue that has largely been kept on the sidelines while President Obama and Democrats focused on health care.
In recent days, Graham warned that immigration reform would be the "first casualty" following the Senate Democrats' efforts to complete the health care bill via a fast-track reconciliation vote. And they also predicted GOP gains this November. "Republicans will pick up a lot of votes from people who think this is bad for their business, their family, and the process used to pass it was sleazy," Graham said over the weekend.
Graham attended several briefings last week on the climate issue with major industry trade groups and senators, but their remarks about the health care bill nonetheless prompted speculation off Capitol Hill that the entire legislative effort could soon be over because of their wavering.
"If Lindsey Graham flies the coop, this thing is dead," said Kevin Book, managing director with ClearView Energy Partners.
While Graham said they are staying put, their predictions about the Senate mood appear to be spot on -- at least among some moderate Republicans.
"It's no different than it was last week," Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) said of the mood on Capitol Hill. "It was bad last week. It's going to be bad this week. Who knows what it's going to be like next week?"
Sen. Olympia Snowe (R-Maine) said they would "continue to work" with Democrats on energy and climate change legislation. But they are not feeling very optimistic in light of the push on health care, another issue that put them in the partisan spotlight.
"I think it makes it a very difficult environment with which to deal with complex and big issues, most certainly incorporating Republican ideas in building that camaraderie," Snowe said. "Obviously, you're always going to try to work on issues that are important to this country, but it takes patience to build that kind of consensus, and they haven't demonstrated the patience in that regard. It's regrettable."
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) baited Democrats yesterday on the health care fallout during a radio interview back in Arizona. "There will be no cooperation for the rest of the year," they said. "They have poisoned the well in what they've done and how they've done it."
The 2008 GOP presidential nominee's remarks prompted a quick reply from Majority Leader Harry Reid's office.
"For someone who campaigned on 'Country First' and claims to take great pride in bipartisanship, it's absolutely bizarre for Senator McCain to tell the American people they are going to take their ball and go home until the next election," said Jim Manley, a spokesperson for the Nevada Democrat. "He must be living in some parallel universe because the fact is, with very few exceptions, we've gotten very little cooperation from Senate Republicans in recent years."
Asked later if they meant the climate debate would be spoiled by health care, McCain said, "I never thought there was going to be one. You'd have to ask those who think there'd be one, because they refuse to have nuclear power. There's no debate as far as discussion as far as I'm concerned unless you had nuclear power."
Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said that there was still a chance for bipartisanship following the health care debate, starting with the Wall Street regulatory reform bill that Democrats passed yesterday out of the Senate Banking Committee (see related story).
"What'll happen is, people will go away for a couple of weeks on recess, and this will be behind us," Corker said. "I really do not believe that what's happened, or will happen over the next four days on reconciliation, will in any way effect banking regulation. I think people will dust off, they'll come back, and we're mostly adults around here, and I think we'll deal with the next issue. I really do."
Kerry predicted a boost for their efforts after Obama signs the health care bill into law.
"In the wake of health care's passage, we have a strong case to make that this can be the next breakthrough legislative fight," Kerry said in a statement. "Many senators who want to see a comprehensive energy and climate bill passed have been consumed with the drive to get health care passed. The same was rightfully true of the White House even as they kept the coals warm on energy and climate. Now they can pour their energy and attention into climate and energy. And here I think we can put the pieces of real bipartisanship back together."
Reid said they are meeting with Kerry today to go over the status of the climate and energy proposal. Reid met last Monday with Energy and Natural Resources Chairman Jeff Bingaman (D-N.M.) and Democratic Policy Chairman Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.) to discuss moving directly to floor debate on S. 1462 (pdf), a bill approved last summer in Bingaman's panel that includes a renewable energy standard and offshore oil drilling but no cap on greenhouse gas emissions -- a centerpiece of the Kerry-Graham-Lieberman effort.
Asked if they were considering the energy-only approach, Reid said, "I've got lots of options on energy. And I'm going to try to work it through with Bingaman and Kerry."
Kerry, Graham and Lieberman are expected to roll out further details of their proposal this week, including during a meeting today with key senators who have shown an interest in the issue over the last year. The Senate trio hopes to send specifics to U.S. EPA by Friday to begin a multi-week interagency analysis, with a formal bill introduction expected next month.
Reid is also still angling for a floor debate in the late spring.
Feinstein speaks up on drilling, state pre-emption, allocations
The Senate's top appropriator for environmental issues has also weighed in with a series of demands for the climate and energy bill.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) wrote Kerry a letter (pdf) last week calling for the climate legislation to begin with the electric utility sector, with more trade-exposed industries being phased in "at a later date." Draft language circulated last week to industry indicated the trio plans to do just that, with limits first on power plants in 2012 and the manufacturers following in 2016 (E&E Daily, March 18).
Feinstein also stated their preference on the allocation of valuable emission allowances for the power sector, urging Kerry to use the formula approved by most members of the Edison Electric Institute, the leading trade group for investor-owned utilities.
Under the EEI plan, which the House used in its version of climate legislation, allowances would be split 50-50 between companies based on their historic emission levels and retail sales. But Kerry faces pressure from 14 other Democratic senators, mostly from the Midwest and Great Plains, who insist that the formula should be changed to reflect allocations based solely on emissions (E&ENews PM, Nov. 12, 2009).
In their letter, Feinstein said a change from the EEI formula could force several electric utilities to drop their support for the legislation while leaving consumers in California paying higher costs for their past low-carbon investments. "Abandoning the 50-50 agreement to shift more assistance to consumers in the Midwest and Great Plains would put the needs of one set of consumers ahead of the needs of others, which would undermine the over-arching goal of mitigating consumer impact," they wrote.
Feinstein also pressed Kerry not to remove California's ability to set stronger tailpipe standards than the federal government. Automobile industry officials and Michigan lawmakers have repeatedly asked for such a move, and Senate aides confirmed last week that the trio is weighing the request. But Feinstein argued that their home state should maintain authority it has had dating back to the 1960s under the Clean Air Act.
On another issue central to California, as well as other coastal states, Feinstein requested language requiring any state to first pass a law affirming its desire for companies to explore for oil and gas off their coasts.
"On such a substantial decision about the future of a state, a decision should be made by both the legislature and the governor," Feinstein wrote. "The state should also have the power to review its decision on a regular basis."
And as the holder of the Senate's purse strings at U.S. EPA and the Interior Department, Feinstein weighed in with concerns that climate legislation may not have enough congressional oversight when it comes to billions of dollars directed into off-budget accounts run by the administration. Such a move, they wrote, "would diminish Congress' ability to ensure that these funds were well spent or even spent for the purposes outlined in the legislation."
Feinstein suggested instead that the Senate climate bill's spending authorizations expire no later than 10 years after enactment. "This approach, modeled on the Farm Bill and the Highway Bill, would ensure that Congress revisits spending levels and oversees how federal dollars are spent," they wrote.
Feinstein suggested stronger oversight of carbon markets. And on the mechanism under consideration for regulating transportation fuels, they proposed an adjustable carbon emissions fee that goes up or down a set amount each year depending on whether greenhouse gas emissions exceed or outperform the transportation sector's target.
"This provides greater price certainty than any other option, removes concern with regard to the impact of market manipulation on price and keeps the transportation sector's emissions subject to an emissions target," they wrote.
Kerry, Graham and Lieberman have acknowledged they are working with oil industry officials on a "linked fee" proposal, but they have avoided talk on any specifics of their plan (E&E Daily, March 3).
Click here (pdf) to read Feinstein's letter.
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing. All Rights Reserved.
By Dan Kriesberg
Stewardship requires awareness and knowledge. Awareness comes from our five senses, giving us the ability to appreciate the world around us. But two other senses are also needed, a sense of place and a sense of wonder. A sense of place is an awareness of where you are. A sense of wonder is an awareness of the “wow” in the natural world.
Using all our senses increases the knowledge necessary to become a good flight attendant of the land. Awareness without knowledge can only go so far. Knowledge without awareness limits what can be understood. With knowledge and awareness can come action, and it is action that will keep Long Island special.
We must exercise our sense of wonder and our sense of place by being attentive to the unique beauty and magic of Long Island. Here is a fun way families can start instilling the idea of flight attendantship:
Long Island Sense of Place Scavenger Hunt:
From your house, where is the nearest nature preserve? Go there! From your house, where is the nearest body of water? Go there! From your house, what is the native vegetation? Draw it! From your house, what was going on there 100 years ago, 500 years ago? What birds can you see in your backyard? Keep a bird identification book near your window. When are the town meetings in the place your live? Attend one. Sit silently in your backyard for at least 10 minutes.
Of course, awareness can only go so far. Here's how to increase our knowledge:
Five Things Every Long Islander Should Know About Long Island:
How was Long Island formed? About 15,000 years ago as the climate warmed, the miles-thick sheet of ice that covered all of Canada and the northern part of the United States began to recede. It left behind all the rock and soil it had pushed forward like a massive plow. This pile of rock and sand became the place we now live. From there, time and erosion gave the island its shape. This process continues even today. Where does our water come from? Ll was given a gift by the glaciers. Underneath us, in the spaces between the rocks and sand is water. From this aquifer deep underground comes the water we drink and use in a million other ways. We live right on top of our water sources. That means what we do on the surface matters. Where does our garbage go? All the landfills on the Island are closed, there is no more room. So your garbage either goes to an incinerator where it is burned, or it is trucked off Long Island to a landfill in another state willing to take it. Who else lives on LI? We share the Island with hundreds of species of birds, 47 kinds of mammals, 42 species of reptiles and amphibians, and about 2,000 different kinds of plants. We are the northern limit of many species from the south and the southern limit for many northern species, as well as a rest stop for many animals on migration. Our location gives us a great diversity of plant and animal life. What environmental problems face the Island? One of the more serious problems affecting LI is the increased levels of nitrogen washing into the Long Island Sound from fertilizers, cesspools and faulty sewage treatments plants. The excess nitrogen causes algae blooms. As the algae decompose, they use up the oxygen in the water, creating a condition called hypoxia. Fish and other marine animals cannot survive in water low in oxygen. Another serious problem is that leaky heating oil tanks, repeated pesticide use, and industrial wastes are seeping into the ground, eventually reaching the aquifer. And that is where we get our water.
Knowledge gives us the understanding we need to protect the environment. By knowing where our water comes from, we can make better choices about what we do to the ground. Reducing our waste means less air pollution from the incinerators that burn our garbage.
Learning about the species that are our neighbors, we can make better choices to protect the habitats they need to survive. When we know our land's history, we can see ourselves as part of this ongoing story. Our role can be negative or positive, depending on what we do and how we act.
Teaching our children about the importance of flight attendantship is a good place to start.
Resources:
Garvies Point Museum and Preserve, 50 Barry Drive, Glen Cove
Long Island Nature Organization
Long Island, A Natural History, by Robert Villani [Henry N. Abrams, 1997]
Exploring the Other Long Island, by John Turner
Dan Kriesberg teaches science at Friends Academy in Locust Valley.  They are the author of A Sense of Place: Teaching Children about the Environment with Picture Books and Think Green: Books and Activities for Kids. They live on Long Island with their wife, Karen, and two sons, Zack and Scott. They will be writing occasional columns on environmental issues for the Long Island Press. Whenever possible Dan spends their time in wild places backpacking, hiking and hanging out.
[Photo: Massapequa Park Preserve/Rashed Mian, Long Island Press]
Overview
I've seen this issue a few times over the past months & most recently this past week with a customer. Luckily there's a fairly simple fix to the issue published by Microsoft, but realizing not everyone remembers every Microsoft KB that gets released I thought I'd shine a spotlight on this one.
Scenario
As part of the migration process, when customers move their namespace from either Exchange 2007 or 2010 to 2013, HTTP connections start proxying through 2013 to the legacy Exchange Servers and some users will experience failures. The potential affected workloads are:
AutoDiscover
Exchange Web Services (Free/Busy)
ActiveSync
OWA
Outlook
Test or new mailboxes may not be affected.
Resolution
The cause of this is the age old problem of Token Bloat. Users being members of too many groups or having large tokens.
The fix is to implement the changes in the below Microsoft KB article
“HTTP 400 Bad Request” error when proxying HTTP requests from Exchange Server 2013 to a previous version of Exchange Server
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/2988444
The interesting thing in this scenario is that the issue was not experienced in the legacy version of Exchange & even if you look at the tokens themselves, they may not seem overly large. It seems that the process of proxying Exchange traffic is much more sensitive to this issue. Also, in a recent case that went to Microsoft, even if you increase the recommended values to a value higher than your current headers it may not have the desired effect. In our case we had to set the MaxRequestBytes & MaxFieldLength values to exactly match the values in the Microsoft KB (65536 (Decimal)).
For further reading, please see the below articles.
Complimentary Articles
“HTTP 400 – Bad Request (Request Header too long)” error in Internet Information Services (IIS)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/2020943
How to use Group Policy to add the MaxTokenSize registry entry to multiple computers
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/938118
Additional Note
As an FYI, another issue I commonly see when namespaces get transitioned to 2013 is authentication popups when connections proxy to the legacy Exchange Servers. Please see the below KB for that issue
Outlook Anywhere users prompted for credentials when they try to connect to Exchange Server 2013
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/2990117
I also blogged about it here
https://exchangemaster.wordpress.com/2014/10/30/exchange-2010-outlook-anywhere-users-receiving-prompts-when-proxied-through-exchange-2013/
Advertisements
A HomeKit vulnerability in the current version of iOS 11.2 has been demonstrated to 9to5Mac that allows unauthorized control of accessories including smart locks and garage door openers. Our understanding is Apple has rolled out a server-side fix that now prevent unauthorized access from occurring while limiting some functionality, and an update to iOS 11.2 coming next week will restore that full functionality.
The vulnerability, which we won't describe in detail and was difficult to reproduce, allowed unauthorized control of HomeKit-connected accessories including smart lights, thermostats, and plugs.
The most serious ramification of this vulnerability prior to the fix is unauthorized remote control of smart locks and connected garage door openers, the former of which was demonstrated to 9to5Mac.
The issue was not with smart home products individually but instead with the HomeKit framework itself that connects products from various companies.
Users need to take no action today to resolve the issue as the fix that is rolling out is server-side. The future update to iOS coming next week will resolve any broken functionality.
The vulnerability required at least one iPhone or iPad on iOS 11.2, the latest version of Apple's mobile operating system, connected to the HomeKit user's iCloud account; earlier versions of iOS were not affected.
Pretty big deal. Amazing scoop by @apollozac and even better working with Apple on a fix for 48 hours prior to publishing https://t.co/Kgm16C6cny — Seth Weintraub (@llsethj) December 7, 2017
We also understand that Apple was informed about this and related vulnerabilities in late October, and some but not all issues were fixed as part of iOS 11.2 and watchOS 4.2 which were released this week. Other issues in this category were fixed server-side from Apple so end users needed to take no action.
Apple shared this statement with 9to5Mac regarding the issue:
“The issue affecting HomeKit users running iOS 11.2 has been fixed. The fix temporarily disables remote access to shared users, which will be restored in a software update early next week.”
We believe this vulnerability being brought to our attention has resulted in the solution being readied sooner than it otherwise would have been, and our readers deserve to know that the vulnerability existed. The severity of this vulnerability also imposes a responsibility on 9to5Mac as a publication to share what we know with our audience if we're going to continue covering HomeKit and smart home products.
Does this vulnerability shipping mean you shouldn't trust HomeKit or smart home products going forward? The reality is bugs in software happen. They always have and pending any breakthrough in software development methods, they likely always will. The same is true for physical hardware which can be flawed and need to be recalled. The difference is software can be fixed over-the-air without a full recall.
Trusting HomeKit and smart home products with your security, however, will have to be a personal decision now just like it always has. Personally, once this vulnerability has been patched, I believe I'll be comfortable with trusting HomeKit security solutions to remain protected, but you can always use an old fashioned lock and key or install security cameras as a double measure.
I would also like to know — just like with the root security issue that affected the Mac last week — that the development process that led to this vulnerability shipping and the issue remaining live for weeks without users knowing is audited and changes are made if possible.
The bottom line is if a HomeKit connected lock or garage door opener knowingly can't secure your home, customers shouldn't be given the opportunity to test the risks associated with any known vulnerabilities.
Our hope in publicizing this specific vulnerability is that we may have a meaningful impact in improving the quality assurance and security audit processes so that HomeKit can be a better solution in the future and live up to its reputation as being the most secure smart home framework.
It's no surprise that Wichita State is the favorite to win its fourth-straight Missouri Valley Conference title. After all, the Shockers have dominated the league in recent years. But is the gap narrowing?
As many as four other teams, led by Illinois State, believe they are poised for a run at the top. Though there were no coaching changes in the Valley, the turnover in talent, is huge.
The Redbirds return four skilled and athletic starters. While the Shockers are restocking the shelves, the new players in Gregg Marshall's starting lineup are as talented as any we've seen in the Valley in years.
Missouri Valley Conference Power Rankings
1 Wichita State
The Shockers have won three-straight MVC titles and four of the last five. Despite losing two all-conference players Fred VanVleet and Ron Baker, this year's squad might have more overall talent. Three players will be key to the Shockers' success, beginning with last year's conference Freshman of the Year Markis McDuffie (7.4 points per game). Guard Landry Shamet, who re-starts their career after missing last year with injuries, and Kansas transfer Conner Frankamp, will join him. But it might be the play of center Shaq Morris that puts Wichita State over the top.
2 Illinois State
If there is a team that can stand up to the mighty Shockers, it is ISU. A pair of 6'8 budding stars Deantae Hawkins (10.3 ppg) and MiKyle McIntosh (10.9 ppg) bring scoring, athleticism and experience to Dan Muller's team. Two senior guards, Paris Lee and Tony Wills, give the Redbirds veteran ball handlers as well. Lee (11.1 ppg, 3.6 assists per game) temporarily lost their starting job last season, but regained their spot and the Redbirds finished the season with a flourish.
3 Northern Iowa
Despite losing three program stalwarts, the Panthers return two proven, versatile post players in Bennett Koch (7.6 ppg) and Klint Carlson (7.4 ppg), but this team belongs to senior Jeremy Morgan. The 6'5 guard averaged 11.3 points per game and led the team in rebounding, while ranking second in assists. Their breakout performance in last year's NCAA Tournament is what has people most excited. Their 16 points against Texas and 36 points against Texas A&M have fans expecting a Player of the Year kind of season.
4 Loyola
Milton Doyle could finally fulfill their immense potential. The former Kansas recruit has been dogged with injuries during their Loyola career, but heads into their senior season with 1,119 career points. The Ramblers have more talent around Doyle this season — holdovers Donte Ingram and prolific outside shooter Ben Richardson will be joined by Iowa State transfer Clayton Custer and an incoming recruiting class rivaled only by Wichita State's. Loyola will also be stronger inside with the additions of Aundre Jackson and Vlatko Granic.
5 Southern Illinois
A quartet of senior starters in Leo Vincent (8.1 ppg), Mike Rodriguez (8.3 ppg), Tyler Smithpeters and leading returning scorer Sean O'Brien, lead the team, with sophomores Armon Fletcher and Sean Lloyd expected to contribute. The Salukis' recruiting class includes 6'7 rim protector and JuCo transfer Thik Bol.
6 Missouri State
The Bears return five of their top seven players from last year's 13-win team. Leading scorer (12.7 ppg) and Valley Newcomer of the Year Dequon Miller averaged over three rebounds and exactly three assists per game. Paul Lusk's team landed two players (Obediah Church and Jarred Dixon) on the all-first-year student team, while junior Chris Kendrix (12.1 ppg) was part of the MVC's most improved team.
7 Indiana State
Greg Lansing's team always plays good defense and disciplined basketball. Emerging star Brenton Scott (14.6 ppg) is the only returner from last year's two all-conference teams, and they will join seniors Matt Van Scyoc and Everett Clemons to form the nucleus of the club. The Sycamores should be better in the post with Brandon Murphy, Emondre Rickman and T.J. Bell sharing time.
8 Bradley
Brian Wardle's second season on the Hilltop will be significantly better. The Braves return virtually everyone from a 5-27 team, including two players (Dwayne Lautier-Ogunleye and Luuk van Bree) from the all-first-year student team. The Baby Braves are growing up and add proven transfers Alex Foster and JoJo McGlaston.
9 Evansville
No team is set for a bigger fall than the Purple Aces. Marty Simmons' team lost arguably the two best players in Evansville history and replacing them will not be easy. After a 25-win season, guard Jaylon Brown is the only returning player among UE's top five scorers. Fellow senior Blake Simmons and junior transfer Ryan Taylor must fill some big shoes.
10 Drake
Ironically, Drake will be better this year than last, but that is true of most of the other teams in the Valley, so it will be difficult for the Bulldogs to climb the MVC ladder. Head coach Ray Giacoletti will build around outstanding guard Reed Timmer (16.8 ppg) and backcourt mate Graham Woodward (10.8 ppg). The Dogs will be more athletic with the return of injured wing C.J. Rivers and newcomer De'Antae McMurray.
To properly introduce this article, I needed an example of egregiously brainless progressivism. So here's one example I found by spending 30 seconds on CNN: “What Justin Trudeau, the anti-Trump, could show America.” I'll provide the relevant excerpts:
When President Barack Obama hosted them at a state dinner Thursday at the White House — the first for a Canadian leader since 1998 — it offered a prime opportunity for Justin Trudeau to show the new face of Canada, the second most diverse country in the world, as progressive, moderate and tolerant. It is not accidental that their delegation to Washington includes two senior women ministers, underscoring the fact that their Cabinet is half female. When asked in November why they insisted on gender parity, they answered, “Because it's 2015!”  They are accompanied as well by the minister of national defense and the minister of economic development, both Sikhs who wear turbans. And their foreign minister, a Francophone from Quebec. There are also many parliamentarians who are visible minorities. The point: Canada is about diversity. Since the Liberals took office, Canada has admitted 25,000 Syrian refugees; Trudeau greeted the first planeload personally in Toronto. They are among the 300,000 immigrants Canada will accept this year, the highest in some time.
Female ministers, mass immigration, Muslim and otherwise, “gender parity,” the list goes on. Diversity: check. Progress: check. Tolerance: check. “It's 2015!” Checkity-check-check-check.
It is fairly easy to read these bizarre paeans to diversity and conclude the motivations stem from interethnic competition, whether overt or covert (or even subconscious). Between expulsions, pogroms, the Frankfurt School, Marxism, Freud, etc. there would certainly be an extensive historical record to back up the reality of such competition. And yet, “/pol/ is always right” is more accurately “/pol/ is right about half the time, which, demographically speaking, is about twenty-five times more right than /pol/ should be expected to be, although the farther back in time /pol/ looks the less and less right it is.”
Diversity, equality, tolerance and the rest of the lot of contemporary progressive values are indisputably corrosive to civilization as they are today practiced. Interethnic competition, especially between comparatively larger and smaller groups, can be indisputably vicious, whether openly violent or more discreet. And yet, the measly lot existed before the emancipation of the Jews in the early 19th century, before which Europe's Jewish population was less Wall Street and Hollywood and more like Europe's gypsy population, but with rabbis and Torah study. You don't need Mencius Moldbug to determine that leftism and progressivism predated Marx and Marcuse. Even Wikipedia notes that “Jewish emancipation followed the Age of Enlightenment.”
Moldbug spent a lot of time proving that progressives are a “nontheistic Christian sect,” specifically, a sect of Protestant Calvinists. They spent a lot of time going over the mutations of beliefs and the cladistics thereof. I won't repeat them too much because I recommend everybody read Foseti's excellent review of the Puritan Thesis here. Moldbug's theory of the origins and workings of leftism/progressivism obviously conflicted greatly with the other main theory going around the thoughtcrime underground, which had to do with Jews, Marx, Bolshevism, ethnic competition, and the Frankfurt School.
If Moldbug had a weak point, it was that they emphasized too much history and too little general theory. It is easy to set up a false dichotomy of Puritans vs. Jews, and even easier to try and compromise between the two with: must've been both, let's all get along here.” The truth is that Moldbug's theory was basically one well-researched instance of a larger phenomenon of decay, specifically, the decay of religion and belief, and, through that, the decay of civilization as a whole.
How can we demonstrate this? One good way would be to find an instance of a religion other than Protestantism that degenerated into leftism, progressivism, or something similar independently of the Calvinists, Universalists, et al., and decayed in a similar fashion as Puritanism decayed into today's puerile progressivism.
Meet the 1800s French Religion of Humanity.
The Religion of humanity was described by Thomas Huxley as “Catholicism minus Christianity”.
Sounds pretty similar to Christianity without Jesus, no? I will continue to quote liberally:
In addition to a holy trinity of Humanity, the Earth and Destiny, it had a priesthood. Priests were required to be married, because of the ennobling influence of womanhood. They would conduct services, including Positivist prayer, which was “a solemn out-pouring, whether in private or in public, of men's nobler feelings, inspiring them with larger and more comprehensive thoughts.” The purpose of the religion was to increase altruism, so that believers acted always in the best interests of humanity as a whole. The priests would be international ambassadors of altruism, teaching, arbitrating in industrial and political disputes, and directing public opinion. They should be scholars, physicians, poets and artists. Indeed all the arts, including dancing and singing should be practiced by them, like bards in ancient societies.
If we replace “destiny” with “progress” and “the Earth” with “climate change” (or perhaps “the Environment”), this weird, made-up 19th century French secular religion sounds a lot like contemporary progressivism—Humanity, the Environment, Progress. The ennobling influence of womanhood? This was what, 1851? I can't help but find all this stuff about increasing altruism for the best interests of humanity vaguely familiar. And the other three activities listed for priests of the Religion of Humanity correspond almost perfectly to academia, diplomacy, and the media, the three lynchpins of today's progressive Cathedral that reigns from Harvard to the State Department to The New York Times.
The High Priest of Humanity was to live in Paris, which would replace Rome as the centre of religion.
The fellow who came up with this secular, positive, and rational religion was Auguste Comte, founder of the discipline of sociology and of positivism. Comte was French through and through, and their chief influence and one-time employer and mentor was Henri de Saint-Simon, an 18th century French aristocrat who was very concerned with ensuring meritocratic, rational managers and scientists made the key decisions in the government. Comte influenced Marx and Durkheim, one generation younger than them and both Jewish.
Davies argues that Comte's austere and “slightly dispiriting” philosophy of humanity – viewed as alone in an indifferent universe (which can only be explained by “positive” science) – “was even more influential in Victorian England than the theories of Charles Darwin or Karl Marx”.
Is our Cathedral more French and Catholic than Jewish or Puritan? Possibly. It would explain why Cathedral remains an instinctively apt description but Polygon or Synagogue just don't quite capture the essence of it. I would bet in France the Cathedral is more French than foreign. David Cohen is not echoing particularly Jewish ideas about diversity, humanity, etc., but particularly French and Anglo-Saxon ideas that originated in the 18th and 19th centuries, some seemingly independently of each other. Canada, coincidentally, is the world's only Anglo-French country.
It looks like French Catholicism, reeling from the Enlightenment and the French Revolution, also demonstrated an ability to have the Jesus surgically removed by an enterprising religious entrepreneur. It wasn't just Anglo-Saxon Protestantism that had the demanding parts of religion cut out over time until it was left with nothing but sentiment and platitude. Going back through history reveals a lot of religious oddities, not rarely connected or related to new or odd ideologies, especially comparatively left-wing ones.
Religions, as complex sets of beliefs and ideas that underpin civilization, can undergo decay— intentional or not—and this decay is probably predictable based on the particular make-up of the religion itself. What is interesting is that more than one unique religion has perhaps decayed into almost exactly the same kind of leftism/progressivism.
As the mysterious travel details of Edward Snowden continue to dominate the news cycle, on Monday evening "Piers Morgan Live" invited attorneys Gloria Allred and Alan Dershowitz to offer their candid reactions and detailed insights.
Over the weekend, Glenn Greenwald – the columnist for "The Guardian" who is largely credited with breaking the story surrounding Snowden, and their leaked info on government agencies use of secret data-mining programs – appeared on NBC's "Meet the Press," taking issue with some of David Gregory's questions.
"Edward Snowden has said, 'I've committed a serious crime,' the newspaper has put this out there," noted Piers Morgan. "Surely they [Greenwald] should be prepared to answer questions about whether anything they have done – in cahoots with this guy, we don't know how far they go – anything they've done borders on criminality. I think it's a perfectly reasonable question."
Dershowitz, for their part, insisted there is no gray area:
"Well, it doesn't border on criminality – it's right in the heartland of criminality. The statute itself, does punish the publication of classified material, if you know that it's classified," explained the guest. "Greenwald – in my view – clearly has committed a felony."
Continuing their assessment of the reporter, Dershowitz held little back:
"Greenwald's a total phony.  They are anti-American, they love tyrannical regimes, and they did this because they hate America. This had nothing to do with publicizing information."
Allred, meanwhile, questioned Greenwald's concern with Gregory's question, and moreover, wondered if "The Guardian" columnist may need to rework their business card:
"It's bizarre that he's really upset that that question is being asked. It's an obvious question," they said. "I wouldn't necessarily call Mr. Greenwald a journalist – I would think of a journalist as someone who is neutral. I see Mr. Greenwald as more of an advocate, defending their source, almost acting as a lawyer."
Watch the clip for more of Morgan's interview with Dershowitz and Allred, and for the next edition of "Piers Morgan Live," watch CNN every night at 9.
-
» Follow "Piers Morgan Live" on Twitter
» Follow "Piers Morgan Live" on Instagram
Michael Flynn, former US national security adviser, centre and Jared Kushner, senior White House adviser, right. Credit:Bloomberg Similarly, Sam Dastyari did not appear to meet the threshold of any illegality in their dealings with the Beijing-connected business person Huang Xiangmo, Attorney-General George Brandis said this week when they and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced a sweeping package of proposed laws to curb foreign influence and interference on Wednesday. The government's argument is that Australia's laws are outdated and in serious need of overhaul in an era in which the incidence of foreign interference is at "unprecedented" levels - higher than during the Cold War, according to Brandis. Globalisation and connectivity allow more vectors of interference. Foreign governments can communicate instantly with large numbers of proxies, agents and supporters, while large diaspora communities provide fertile ground for lobbying efforts. Business communities are closely linked across the globe. Cyberattacks allow the theft of secrets electronically to coerce or interfere in democracies - as was the case with Russia's meddling in the US election. Perhaps most importantly, Australia's strategic circumstances have been transformed. It now has a rising great power in its region that wants to become Asia's hegemon, which means decoupling the US from its allies, including Australia. For China this means emphasising the economic advantages its has to offer to an export-dependent country and normalising - as much as it plausibly can - its own system of government, the Chinese Communist Party.
Labor senator Sam Dastyari in Canberra on Wednesday. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen Australia is particularly ripe because China is by far its biggest export destination. It is also a bellwether country in how it handles Beijing's increasing assertiveness, according to Rory Medcalf of the Australian National University. Attorney-General George Brandis announces the proposed foreign interference laws in Canberra. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen "Were Australia to privilege China's preferences on matters such as its disputes with Japan, India and South-east Asian countries, or over human rights and governance issues, other small and medium powers could follow," Professor Medcalf wrote in the Australian Financial Review. "The ripples would be global."
While it might not be realistic to break US alliances in Asia, "Beijing will keep trying to weaken them". A map of the United States shows cyberattacks in real time at the headquarters of Bitdefender, a leading Romanian cybersecurity company. Credit:Mediafax via AP Former Labor leader and ambassador to Washington Kim Beazley said foreign interference was certainly "elevated" now. They said China had a clear intention to influence Australia political decision-making, though it was different from Russia's interference in the US which aimed to "discombobulate American society". "China wants us to support their foreign policy objectives and cull us from the US alliance. That is their purpose. There's nothing surprising about it, nor about our resistance to it," Beazley said. Malcolm Turnbull with US President Donald Trump and Japanese PM Shinzo Abe in Manila in November. China wants us to support their foreign policy objectives and cull us from the US alliance, Kim Beazley says. Credit:AAP
China's reaction to the Turnbull laws, which seasoned observers predicted would likely be muted, turned out to be quite the contrary. In a three-pronged attack, its foreign ministry, its embassy in Canberra and the state mouthpiece China Daily newspaper all launched broadsides. In doing so, it called the Turnbull government out, demolishing the polite diplomatic fiction that this package was about an abstract collection of countries that are trying to influence Australian politics and not China per se. Australian academic Feng Chongyi has studied how China's networks of influence operate. Credit:Steven Siewert Medcalf described this heated reaction as "a soft power own goal" on Beijing's part, smacking of desperation and frustration. Feng Chongyi, a Sydney professor who is a vocal critic of Chinese influence and who made headlines earlier this year when they were detained for week while trying to leave China, has studied how the networks of influence operate.
Huang Xiangmo and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in Sydney, February 2016. Credit:Dominic Lorrimer Between business groups, student associations, alumni groups and overtly political associations such as the Australian Council for the Promotion of the Peaceful Reunification of China - of which Huang Xiangmo stepped down as chairperson a fortnight ago - there are about 300 groups in Sydney alone, Feng said. Huang and their predecessor, the council's late founder William Chiu, a Chinese-Malaysian business person, were especially politically active, which is why there are photos in the public domain of them with virtually every senior Australian politician. Huang Xiangmo sits with Bill Shorten at an event in Eastwood in December 2013. Credit:James Brickwood Through its United Front Work Department, the Chinese government has created a structure of patronage and coercion, whereby "if you work with authorities of China, then you get can benefit financially and socially".
"Patriotic Chinese community leaders, including owners and editors of media outlets and heads of community associations, are rewarded with annual training programs and tours in China paid by the Chinese government, which also establish valuable contacts and create business opportunities," Feng said. "[They are] are invited to the dinners organised by the Chinese embassy or consulates and to the parties welcoming the visits of high-ranking officials from China, activities valuable for business, contacts and social status." Ultimately it means that business people and women with interests in China can win contracts there if they do Beijing's bidding in Australia, but find their businesses under investigation if they do not. These "patriotic proxies" in turn try to influence politics, media and business circles, they say. Anne-Marie Brady, from the University of Canterbury in New Zealand and the Woodrow Wilson Centre in Washington, who has done ground-breaking research on Chinese influence, says that as Beijing's foreign policy becomes more ambitious, its influence reach has "gone into hyperdrive".
They say it's important to remember most Chinese businesspeople are that and nothing else. But those like Huang - who have clear connections through front organisations like the reunification council, to the United Front to the Chinese Communist Party - need to be called out. Everyone is entitled to put their case in the marketplace of ideas that forms the Australian democratic polity, but needs to be clear who they are representing. That is the thinking behind the Turnbull government's planned "foreign influence transparency scheme", based on - but improving on - the US foreign agents registry. Feng and Brady both back this scheme, saying that if it is properly implemented, the value of subtle influence will be lost because everyone knows who's behind it and what their agenda is. "If [Chinese proxies] see economic, commercial or political risks here, they will stop the practice," Feng says. It remains to be seen how precisely this will be put into practice. How might it work, for instance, in the case of Chinese community newspapers, which Feng says come under significant pressure from advertisers who are Chinese state-owned enterprises or pro-Beijing community groups?
Media outlets are generally exempt unless they are foreign government-owned. Advertisers might be liable for listing if they are pushing a message from Beijing, but there will be a lot of judgement calls required by the Attorney-General's Department as to who must and must not go on the register. At the very least, a Flynn-like mover and shaker in Australia would need to declare themselves, which is why the new laws have been widely welcomed by experts. At the more extreme end of foreign interference that goes beyond mere transparency, the Turnbull government is creating a new offence of foreign interference that covertly meddles in Australia's democracy. It recognises the reality that Australia's espionage and treason laws are virtually never used. Anyone working covertly with a foreign power to influence government or political processes, interfere in elections, help a foreign intelligence agency or harm Australia's national security will be liable for jail time of up to 20 years. Brandis has indicated that had Dastyari conducted their business with Huang under the new laws, they might have been open to prosecution.
Brandis also highlighted the danger to political parties, which they said are "very porous organisations" of which it is easy to become a member. "If a foreign government or a foreign principal wants to influence Australian domestic politics, one of the ways in which they can do that is by joining a political party, seeking to rise to a position of influence or power in that political party," they told the ABC this week. The government's new laws also modernise laws covering treason, treachery, mutiny, sabotage and - most critically - espionage, which will become broader and mean that a person need not be caught literally in the act of handing over state secrets to a foreign power with the demonstrable intention of harming Australia. Anne-Marie Brady says serious operators will still try to get around these laws. But the awareness created by the new laws will do as much as anything to make Australian decision-makers and opinion-shapers more canny in their dealings. "Putting some sunlight on it is a good thing," they said, noting there has been too much blindness to this for too long. "A lot of the pushback is going to have to come from people in Australian society having a better idea of what is going on and who they're interacting with."
Mars, like Earth, experiences "macroweather" — atmospheric effects that lie in between short-term weather and long-term climate, researchers say.
The discovery might not only shed light on how Earth's atmosphere behaves but could also yield insights on all planets and moons with atmospheres, scientists added.
Weather on Earth changes on a daily basis due to constant fluctuations in the atmosphere, while climate varies over decades. In the past 30 years, researchers have started to understand that Earth's atmosphere also experiences something between these two extremes called "macroweather," said lead study author Shaun Lovejoy, a nonlinear geophysicist at McGill University in Montreal. [Predicting the Future of our Climate (Video)]
To see if other worlds might have macroweather, Lovejoy and their colleagues investigated Mars because its atmosphere is relatively well studied. They analyzed data collected by NASA's Viking 1 and 2 missions, which made measurements on the Martian surface from the mid-1970s through the early 1980s, as well as data collected from orbit by NASA's Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft.
By accounting for how the sun heats the Red Planet, as well as the thickness of the Martian atmosphere, the study team discovered that macroweather exists on Mars, although its time scale is shorter than on Earth. On Mars, the shift from weather to macroweather takes place over 1.8 Martian sols, equivalent to about two Earth days, while that transition takes a week to 10 days on Earth.
These differences mostly have to do with how Earth and Mars differ in size and how much sunlight they receive, researchers said. Mars is only slightly more than half as wide as Earth, about one-tenth of Earth's mass and orbits about 50 percent farther away from the sun than our home planet does.
The findings also revealed that weather on Mars can be predicted only two days in advance, compared to 10 days on Earth. This could "prove tricky for the European lander and rover," study co-author Jan-Peter Muller, of University College London, said in a statement, referring to the ExoMars mission, which aims to launch an orbiter toward the Red Planet in 2016 and a Mars rover in 2018.
Lovejoy and their colleagues are currently working on a global macroweather model that may be capable of making forecasts much better than current climate models at the range of months to decades, they told Space.com.
Such research could help scientists increase their knowledge of the weather on Venus, Saturn's moon Titan, potentially the gas giants Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, and exoplanets and exomoons orbiting distant stars.
The scientists detailed their findings online Nov. 13 in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
World's thinnest ever condoms created in Japan which are just one sixth of the width of human hair
Lightweight 'Sagami Originals' are 0.01mm thick
The thinnest western condom is 0.06mm thick
They cost around £7.30 and have sold out in Japan
Japanese scientists have created what they claim to be the world's thinnest condoms, which are one sixth the width of a human hair.
The thickness of the rubber in the ultra-light polyurethane contraceptive tool has been measured at 0.01 millimeters, with the average width of a human hair measuring 0.06 millimeters.
The Sagami Original 0.1 ultra-thin Polyurethene condom is the world's thinnest, according to manufacturers
According to reports, it took creators Sagami Rubber industries more than a decade to complete the design of the material.
They claim over 20,000 condoms were put through rigorous stress tests to ensure they were safe for human use.
Sagami have a track record of pioneering change in the world of contraceptive technology.
According to the manufacturers it took 10 years to develop a rubber which was both thin and safe
They were the first company to create a colour condom, and set a previous thinness standard in 2005 when they released a 0.02 millimeter version in 2005.
Their products are streets ahead of western contraceptive technology with the biggest brand in the U.S. only offering a condom which is 0.06 millimeters thick.
Launched in Tokyo two weeks ago, the 'Sagami Original 0.01' costs the equivalent of £7.30 for a box of five.
According to reports, they have been flying off the shelves in Japan, with many stores having sold out.
Researchers told Japanese TV show Tokyo Sports, that they were now exploring the possibility of going even thinner.
A researcher for Sagami, told Brian Ashcroft of Kotaku.com: ' Honestly, I don't how we can make them thinner than this.
'But as long as there is a need for thinner, we will continue researching 0.009 millimeter and 0.008 millimeter thinness.'
Fox News contributor Laura Ingraham lashed out at establishment Republicans Tuesday night, telling Fox News' "Hannity" that "a lot of them don't want Donald Trump to succeed."
"A lot of them don't like their policies," said Ingraham, who singled out Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake as being part of "a significant Chamber of Commerce wing of the Republican Party."
Flake made headlines Tuesday with the release of their book, titled "Conscience of a Conservative," in which they described the GOP as being in "denial" about the consequences of electing Trump president.
'CHAOS IS NOT A GOOD PRINCIPLE': FLAKE SAYS GOP 'IN DENIAL ABOUT TRUMP
"Republicans play the safe gentlemanly game of politics," Ingraham told host Sean Hannity. "They agree with the Democrats on a lot of these key issues, and they don't agree with Donald Trump on a lot of key issues, so they're not willing to fight for him."
The Lifezette editor-in-chief theorized that Trump's critics have yet to get over their surprise victory in last year's election.
"He crushed them and they never got over it," Ingraham said. "The day after the election, they began plotting what they hoped would be their demise."
Royal Dutch Shell has abandoned its controversial attempts to drill for oil off Alaska's northwest coast, citing disappointing results from exploratory wells. According to a report from The New York Times, the company said that while it had found "indications of oil and gas" in the region's Burger prospect, "these are not sufficient to warrant further exploration." The decision, which will be welcomed by environmental campaigners, means billions of dollars of writedowns for Shell, which spent $7 billion — or around 20 percent of its exploration budget — since 2007 developing prospects in the Arctic.
"Shell will now cease further exploration activity in offshore Alaska for the foreseeable future," said Marvin Odum, director of Shell Upstream Americas, in a press statement. "This decision reflects both the Burger J well result, the high costs associated with the project, and the challenging and unpredictable federal regulatory environment in offshore Alaska."
falling oil prices and environmental protests have made operations difficult for shell
The US government gave approval for Shell to drill in the area earlier this year, but the price of oil has since fallen dramatically, from above $110 a barrel in June, to less than $50 now. Shell's plans have also been hampered by environmental protests, with campaigners pointing out that any spills in the fragile region would be especially damaging, and that opening up new long-term wells only extends oil dependency.
Greenpeace welcomed the news, with the UK director John Sauven stating: "Big oil has sustained an unmitigated defeat. They had a budget of billions, we had a movement of millions. For three years we faced them down, and the people won. The Save the Arctic movement has exacted a huge reputational price from Shell for its Arctic drilling program. And as the company went another year without striking oil, that price finally became too high. They're pulling out."
“Get up, Goodwin.” The voice was about as smooth as steel dragged across gravel. It would have taken no less to wake them up.
Eyes squinted, blocking out as much sunlight as possible. Darn hangover, they thought.
They bared their teeth and blinked their eyes open more. Apparently they had passed out against one of Boss Brohl's track switches, in the middle of Ullera's busiest rail yard.
The voice growled again, “Cornelius Goodwin, I said up.” That voice was familiar. A painful peek confirmed that it was the plump Officer Bobby Frent, who had enjoyed roughing them up on more than one occasion. Their muscles ached at the memory of past pummelings.
“Can I have a sec to gather my things?” Little more than a leather satchel of their ‘trade tools' sitting at their feet.
A row of box cars lumbered lazily a mere pace from the switch, emitting a rhythmic ‘ka-chunk' sound and—was that a banjo? Their head throbbed. The whiskey had mitigated all that noisy traffic and ensured a sound sleep. Now, however, all the whistles and screeches were amplified by last night's drink. Plus, they hated bluegrass.
“Ain't tellin' you again.” This time the sentence was punctuated by a boot to their ribs. “Boss Brohl set your appointment for nine thirty, and it's already quarter past ten. You know how they don't like to wait.”
And you know how I don't like being kicked, you pug-nosed dolt. I'd love to return the favor with a ball of lead. They knew they wouldn't, no matter how heated the exchange got. Punishment for discharging firearms on this yard was harsher than nearly anywhere else in the nation. And Brohl's railroad cops enjoyed almost as much power as a federal marshal.
That must have been too long a delay, for pain shot through their cheek. Eyes opened again, they saw Bobby's fatty ham hock of a hand grasped firmly to their generous sideburns. Despite the nagging pull of gravity, they acquiesced and stood. Goodwin noticed their right arm was weighed down. Even in their drunken stupor, they managed to hold onto their bottle all night, and it was graciously half full. Breakfast.
Officer Frent tightened the grip on their subject's facial hair, and spoke through their teeth. “Boss'll have my head if you're not up in their office in five. I intend to do whatever it takes to deliver you.” It was implied that Frent's and Goodwin's head were a package deal.
“Then let's not keep them waiting. What's the job this time? Burn down another homestead whose owner won't cede land to the railroad; make it look like an accident?” They really are getting tired of such repetitive tasks. Or was it that they were forming a conscience?
“Boss don't tell me, and I don't ask. But I did hear them sayin' somethin' about a job up in Millionaire's Town.”
Millionaire's Town, huh? What's Brohl meddling about up there for? Obviously not content having most of the money in the Greater Summit City area. They wanted all of it. Something didn't set right with them this time. Maybe it was their defiant streak, or maybe they were just getting enraged by that damn banjo. Where the hell was that music coming from?!
“Don't matter no how; you'll do it, ‘cause you need the drinkin' money.”
Not this time, the scoundrel thought.
“What about you, Bobby? Do you enjoy a fine whiskey?” they said, their chops still gripped. The cop's face contorted in confusion at the question. Cornelius was happy to clarify. Their right arm tensed, and in one smooth motion they smashed the bottle, against the enforcer's head along with twelve ounces of single malt. The hand released from their sideburns. Sobriety—and with it regret—immediately washed over him.
Shame to waste good bourbon.
But the enforcer had come back from worse, and Goodwin knew they only had seconds. They bent down to the satchel at their feet, alongside the cop's liquor-soaked cap. Their hand plunged into the bag. They quickly slid their fingers into their respective spots, and clenched their fist, pulling it out and reflexively putting it in front of their face. The steel glove went up just in time. Frent's knuckles slammed into the goliath-sized gauntlet, buckling their wrist and forcing the police officer to howl in pain. Predictable.
“Like that, Bobby?” Goodwin smugly stated. “It's one of a pair, gifted to me by a friend and inventor down in Ol' Bastion.” In came another swing, this time a wild off-hand haymaker. Goodwin dodged, and reached out with the gauntleted hand, snagging a bunch of hair atop their foe's head. They squeezed tight, and heard the grip on the glove lock with its signature whir and click. “They've got a few tricks, big boy.” Frent's expression went from frustration to horror as they struggled with both hands to free themselves of the grasp. Even the gratuitous helping of pomade he'd applied this morning didn't help them slide out. “Pneumatics, Bobby. You gotta love technology.” Drawing in close, they lowered their voice in both volume and pitch. “You tell Brohl I'm not their man anymore.”
The officer pulled their head back to say, “Tell them yourself,” then thrust their forehead into Goodwin's nose. Vision blurred, and the earth spun. Their hands went limp for a second, and they were no longer holding Frent's scalp. Then came the nightstick. Upside their head, the cop clubbed them over and over. They didn't remember falling to the ground, but they were surely there, taking hits meant to ensure they wouldn't be getting up soon. Pling-plung, diddly ding. To make matters worse, that banjo music was somehow even louder, almost overhead. Peedah ring-ring deedle-dee. They didn't know which was worse: the bruising or the fact that the last thing they heard might be that wretched hillbilly melody. Ding-dang diddly, pling-pling… PLEEOW!
Their head shot up at the explosion, and they looked about thru their one non-swollen eye. The blurry view made surveying the mess hard, but they saw Frent on the ground, writhing in pain. The banjo had stopped. They heard a slack-jawed voice in its place.
“Hurry up, now. Hop on. Train's a-pickin' up speed.”
They couldn't see the source, but Goodwin knew that was a good idea. Whether Bobby's wounds were fatal or not, he'd be framed for it and the sentence would be strict. That is, if Boss Brohl let them live to a trial. Wherever that train was going would be more hospitable a place to them than Summit City, now. They grabbed their satchel, jogged to match speed with the boxcar, and grabbed onto the edge of the door, planting their feet on a loading step. They noticed something wasn't right. They were holding on with their right hand, and it was bare. They hopped off the train and ran to the prone police officer. Sure enough, the gauntlet still held tight to their greasy locks. They hit the release and stuffed the gauntlet into their bag.
“Sorry, Bobby. Seems we'll have to do this dance again sometime.” Hopefully with a better musical accompaniment. Then they sped off and jumped back on the train. There, sitting among half a dozen goats, they saw their savior. The fellow was the size of a child. Betraying their size was a face that'd seen too many years framed by sideburns more wild than Goodwin's. Suspenders held up a pair of patched short pants, and the little guy didn't seem to own any shoes. Sitting on their little lap was a banjo as long as its owner was tall. A smoking hole near the tuning pegs revealed this wasn't an ordinary banjo. It seemed he'd hollowed out the fret board and fitted a gun barrel in it.
“Uh, thanks,” Goodwin managed to utter despite their astonishment.
“It's nothin'. Just a shot to their leg to keep them humble—and down a while. Besides, I have been waitin' to do that to Frent fer years. What's yer name, bud?”
“Friends call me Con Goodwin. I guess I can count you among them. As long as you don't play those awful tunes till I have a couple drinks.”
Is it any wonder that your average, well educated, public minded American, Briton, Frenchman, or Belgian is largely clueless about the key international events that are today leading the international community to the brink of world war after reading their or their favorite newspaper of record, be it The New York Times, The Guardian, Le Figaro or Le Soir, and trying to catch the news bulletins on local state television, or on Euronews or the BBC for that matter.
I will take one vivid example from this week to drive home the reality of a news blackout that cuts across the United States and Europe media when something which might upset the complacency of the audience about Russia comes up. On Wednesday, 2 December, the Russian Ministry of Defense invited several hundred journalists and all the military attaches of accredited embassies in Moscow to a briefing at which Deputy Minister Anatoly Antonov presented reconnaissance photos taken from satellites and aircraft proving the existence of a massive logistical operation that has been bringing illicit oil from wells in Iraq and Syria controlled by the Islamic State jihadists by tanker truck across the border with Turkey and onward to processing facilities for local use and to port installations from where it is shipped to third countries. The key points in this operation were identified explicitly. Given the scale, involving thousands of tankers on the move, the revenue from these sales would amount to hundreds of millions of euros per year, sufficient to finance extensively the recruitment of fighters and military supplies for the terrorists.
In the west, mocked or ignored.
The context for this presentation was Russian insistence that the destruction of their bomber by Turkish F-16s at the Syrian-Turkish border the preceding week was an ambush intended to put a stop to Russian attacks on this lucrative trade in illicit oil and also to disrupt the grand alliance against the Islamic State now in formation between Russia, France and several other NATO states. Since Turkish President Erdoğan pledged they would resign if anyone could prove their complicity in financing terror through the oil trade, the slide show raised the stakes in the week-old Russian-Turkish confrontation.
Russian television gave extensive coverage to this extraordinary briefing, showing in particular, officers from NATO states photographing the slides being displayed and taking furious notes. In the West, however, almost all media made no mention of it at all. Not a word in The New York Times, which could fill its front page already the same evening with details of the San Bernardino shootings in California. Not a word in leading German and British dailies, which also turned coverage inward on home stories.
The French were odd man out on this, but in a very qualified way. Shortly after the briefing in Moscow, both Le Figaro and Le Monde did devote a few paragraphs to it, but in terse and noncommittal manner. That is to say they referred to Russian ‘allegations' about the connection between the Erdoğan family and the illicit oil trade, which by all appearances were indeed not proven at the briefing. However, they said nothing about the material which was presented and which proved beyond any reasonable doubt that the jihadists have a complete logistical chain for very large traffic in oil across the territory they control in Syria and through the Turkish border. If this is not a smoking gun, one may reasonably ask what is?
Surely no US or NATO presentations on their military operations in the region have been better prepared or more persuasive than what the Russian Ministry of Defense delivered. And a great deal of what the US has presented to the press over the downing of MH-17 over the Donbass to implicate Russia and/or its local supporters never rose above video images from social networks. Yet, the US ‘proofs' were accepted by the media and the Russian ‘proofs' were spoken of as allegations, or simply ignored altogether.
Further to my remarks several days ago about Euronews taking a turn to greater balance on Russian issues, the channel did in fact show some images from the Ministry of Defense briefing in Moscow. But like the French print press, they were sparing in coverage and avoided giving any sense of the depth of documentation made available.
In today's annual Address to the Federal Assembly, Vladimir Putin opened and closed their speech with mention of the clash with Turkey going back to the downing of the Russian aircraft in Syria and they once again charged the governing elite in Turkey with supporting jihadist terror by its trade in illicit oil. This part of the speech was duly reported by Figaro, and also by the German Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, which had published not a word about the briefing for military attaches the day before. While it is good that the Russian narrative is reproduced in these leading news outlets, the arms length approach implies confusion in the editorial offices over how to handle these developments which do not match the image of Russia as the West's enemy and give a perplexing twist to the EU's current rapprochement with Turkey over refugees.
Meanwhile, from another stage, another ‘opera,' we see that within the chancelleries of some major powers in Europe, the Russian charges against Turkey are taken very seriously indeed. Today's Financial Times and other British newspapers reporting the start of British bombing in Syria that followed directly on the vote in the House of Commons yesterday tell us specifically the ‘Tornado jets target Syrian oil field.' So apparently it is now right and proper for US Allies to bomb the sources of financing of the Islamic State, as the Russians have been doing for two months in the face of US derision that they were not finding the right targets.
Gilbert Doctorow is the European Coordinator of The American Committee for East West Accord. Their most recent book, Does Russia Have a Future? was published in August 2015.
Poorly written letter draws immediate ridicule
Hamilton College's next president must be “of color” to satisfy a shadowy group of protesters at the liberal arts school in Clinton, New York.
Known as “The Movement,” the protesters held a rally denouncing “tokenism” and released 39 demands Tuesday that were sprinkled with typos, malapropisms and apparent contradictions.
Even by the standards of recent demands by protesters on other campuses, The Movement's list is sweeping. It includes a Clinton-wide ban of anonymous social-media platform Yik Yak, less-stringent evaluations for minority faculty and the exclusion of white faculty from leadership in some departments.
The anonymity of The Movement, which is not accepting new members, has made it an easy target for critics who say its Yik Yak demand is hypocritical.
The group's efforts could be reasonably mistaken as a giant prank: The Facebook event for Tuesday's protest said it expected those who “self-identify” as “marginalized” to wear “Token” t-shirts printed by The Movement.
Hamilton student Ryan Glenn, who writes for the undergraduate publication Enquiry, told The College Fix they saw “around two dozen people at the protest,” which immediately garnered a “negative response on Yik Yak.”
Questions for presidential applicants must center on ‘systematic oppression'
The demand list, which came with a 24-hour window for the administration to issue a “statement professing the validity of these demands,” comes as President Joan Stewart prepares to step down June 30. They have led Hamilton for more than 12 years.
“We, the Students of Hamilton College, demand the end of the inevitable tokenization of all marginalized bodies at Hamilton College,” The Movement's manifesto begins, using the same “We, the Students” construction throughout the demands.
RELATED: BRAVE: Meet the campus leaders who've stood up to bullies and special snowflakes
“Hamilton College cannot continue to overwhelmingly perpetuate narratives that center [on] whiteness, able-bodied individuals, colonization, heteronormativity, and cisnormativity,” the list reads. For those “underrepresented bodies” on campus, “It becomes the duty of these select few to educate the masses, a burden that these individuals should not carry.”
It defines tokenism as the appointment of a “token number of people from underrepresented groups in order to deflect criticism” – and then goes on to demand hard quotas for such groups.
The Movement demands that Hamilton hire more faculty of color, to “make up thirteen percent of Faculty before 2025.” The college cannot count Africana Studies Department faculty as part of that quota, the document cautions.
Declaring that “the power of this College belongs with the Students,” the anonymous protesters demand that they be part of the hiring process of Stewart's replacement.
“We demand a President of Color” because the “lack of diversity” among Hamilton's past presidents “has perpetuated these existing systematic problems,” the list reads.
The protesters want the minutes of the applicant interviews to be released publicly, and demand that the questions directed to applicants “center [on] systematic oppression and Hamilton College's accountability with institutional racism.”
No whites in charge of ‘societies colonized, massacred, and enslaved'
The concept of “safe space” made it into the stipulations, demanding that President Stewart apologize to all “Faculty, Students, Staff, and Administrators of Color, as well as their allies, neither of whom were provided a safe space for them to thrive while at Hamilton College.”
As with other universities, the Hamilton protesters want forced education in the form of “mandatory yearly diversity and inclusion workshops for all Faculty and Staff.”
White faculty are to be “discouraged from leading departments about demographics and societies colonized, massacred, and enslaved.”
Flipping around a demand issued by Wesleyan University protesters in adjoining Connecticut, The Movement demanded that certain professors be protected from bigotry.
It demanded a restructuring of faculty evaluations to take into account “implicit bias, institutional misogyny, xenophobia, and racism,” so as to “protect Faculty of Color.”
Stop counting internationals as ‘diverse'
As with the asterisk on the Africana Studies Department, the protesters don't want to make student diversity easy for Hamilton.
They want to change how diversity statistics are determined, by “separating domestic and international diversity statistics.” That's because “using International students to increase diversity statistics is unethical and enforces the tokenization of domestic Students of Color.”
RELATED: Wesleyan activists demand microaggression-reporting system, ‘mandatory social justice workshops'
The protesters also demanded more recruiting of “undocumented” students through the proposed Dream Act, free tuition for “Indigenous peoples,” and set-aside “Student Assembly seats for marginalized and underrepresented groups.”
I wouldn't want to be @vigebarrie dealing with @thedailybeast's piece on @HamiltonCollege tomorrow. Feeling for my alma mater #getscrolled — Brady N. R. Sprague (@BradySprague) December 2, 2015
Ban mean words
Under the “Institution” section, the protesters want to sanitize conversation both on and off campus.
Yik Yak must “be banned from the Clinton area,” because it “provides a platform for hate speech inflected with racism, homophobia, islamophobia, transphobia, amongst several other bigotries.”
This is followed by a demand to ban all “hate groups” on campus, because “freedom of speech should not and cannot be used for justification for rampant hateful language or opinions that further marginalizes historically oppressed communities.”
The editor of Enquiry, the student publication, told The Daily Caller they thought their publication was the target of the “hate speech” provision. It's funded by the independent Alexander Hamilton Institute, a research center that was to be set up at the college itself but faced opposition from progressive faculty in 2007.
RELATED: Fight ‘one-sided pseudo-economics' in the academy with privately funded centers
“We've had our publication stolen and destroyed a few times before,” but Hamilton administrators “try to avoid addressing” the attacks on students' free speech, Michael Adamo told The Daily Caller.
11/16 issue of Enquiry reads 'Nous sommes tous parisiens' pic.twitter.com/56CmH636iC — Enquiry (@Enquiry_AHI) November 16, 2015
Quick to pacify protesters
In an email shared with The Fix, the administration wrote to the entire campus in response to the protesters.
Stewart “invited the writers to meet with senior administrators and me tomorrow morning so that we can better understand their concerns and also clarify inaccuracies. Certainly, we always want to do better as a community and encourage discussion.”
In response, the protesters sent an email back reiterating their demands and determination to not back down.
Hamilton had already scheduled a “crucial conversations” event for next week, following a mid-November forum, focused on “students and faculty of color, inclusivity, intolerance and offensive social media posts,” the school said Wednesday.
Hamilton's statement said “about two dozen students” attended Tuesday's faculty meeting, with some reading “from the Movement's demands,” and the meeting was “peaceful and discussion was civil.”
Students ‘finally pushed back against all this garbage'
Glenn, the student writer for Enquiry, told The Fix that wariness of The Movement – which dates its founding to 2013 – and similar protesters had been building.
“Only in the last few days have the majority of students finally pushed back against all this garbage,” Glenn wrote, referring to outlandish protester demands. “Students express their opposition on Yik Yak for fear of publicly being labeled racist, bigoted, etc.”
Critics outside of the Clinton-area Yik Yak stream also mocked The Movement for its inelegant prose: It apparently wrote “vilification” when it meant to write “validation of these forgotten voices” in the original release. The current document uses “substantiation.”
The Movement does not appear to be using a Twitter handle. It's been spoofed by a group proclaiming itself “Hamilton Movement,” with a misspelling of “Hamilton.”
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGES: jensteele/Flickr, Hamilton College/Yik Yak, The Movement/Facebook, @HamilonMovement/Twitter
By Alex Fradera
When a good doctor encounters research comparing the effectiveness of drugs A and B, they know to beware the fact that B was created by the people paying the researchers' salaries. Pharmaceutical industry funding can be complex, but the general principle of declaring financial conflicts of interest is now embedded in medical research culture. Unfortunately, research into psychological therapies doesn't yet seem to have got its house in order in an equivalent way. That's according to a new open access article in the journal BMJ Open which suggests that, while there is less risk in this field of financially-based conflicts, researchers may be particularly vulnerable to non-financial biases, a problem that hasn't been adequately acknowledged until now.
The research team, led by Klaus Lieb of the University of Mainz, examined 95 systematic and meta-analytic reviews that had evaluated the efficacy of psychological therapies by looking at the weight of evidence across multiple randomised controlled trials. Such reviews are generally used to give a balanced picture of what really works, above and beyond a single trial.
The journals that publish this kind of research tend to be on the lookout for financial conflicts of interest that could lead to a bias: for example, if the author of a meta-analysis of Therapy X was a license-holder for that therapy but chose not to declare that interest when reviewing it. Indeed, Lieb and their team found that four out of every five journals they investigated had explicitly asked that such conflicts be declared.
But only a third of the journals asked the same of non-financial conflicts of interest, such as a review author being trained in one specific therapy, or otherwise being a particular advocate of one over others. Lieb and their colleagues argue that this presents a real problem because unlike a pharmaceutical researcher who becomes disenchanted with their favoured drug, “psychotherapy researchers who realise that the effect of the therapy to which they are allied is less beneficial than another therapy cannot easily switch their research programme to another therapy (since they have often been trained in that therapy for many years)”. This is especially true if they have been on record as a cheerleader for a particular therapy, or as a critic of its alternatives. Incidentally, at the end of their paper, Lieb and their colleagues act by example, providing a thorough outline of their own therapeutic training and related information.
So these conflicts may be especially pernicious for psychological therapies, and the fact that so few journals ask for declarations of this kind of allegiances is alarming. Even in cases where journals had asked for this information, only four researchers volunteered it.
Perhaps this just means these conflicts are thankfully rare? This seems unlikely. Lieb's team found that 34 of the reviews covered at least one and sometimes many more experimental studies authored by the reviewers themselves: not a crime in of itself, but a sign of at least a potential conflict. What's more, Lieb's group investigated these 34 reviews using a standard protocol to check for signs of “research allegiance”, that is whether the article betrayed a belief in the superiority of a treatment. Fifteen of the 34 reviews met these criteria, meaning that one or more of the authors had a vested interest in the conclusions.
Lieb and a co-author, Jan von der Osten-Sacken, also read through anonymised versions of all 95 reviews and labelled a conclusion as “spinned” when they felt it wasn't consistent with the empirical results reported. Based on this, they claimed that reviews they'd identified earlier than having non-financial conflicts also tended to have biased conclusions. However, this link wasn't statistically significant, so at best this tentative finding indicates something to be studied in the future.
Lieb's team emphasise they are not claiming that there is rampant fraud and deliberate misrepresentation. They suspect that “researchers may simply not be seeing the necessity of declaring non-financial interests, or be clear on what this includes”. So it's incumbent on journals to outline more explicitly what constitutes a conflict of interest, and request and reveal them with more vigilance. Researchers themselves should take to heart the foundation on which the search for truth is built: to let go of your beliefs and be willing to be wrong.
—Conflicts of interest and spin in reviews of psychological therapies: a systematic review
Alex Fradera (@alexfradera) is Contributing Writer at BPS Research Digest
CD Projekt RED has announced that over one million copies of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt have been activated on GOG Galaxy, thus proving that the company's platform can be quite successful. Back in June, there were around 700K activated copies of the game, which means that 300K users have activated their copies on GOG Galaxy.
Recently, CD Projekt RED revealed that 6 million copies of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt have been sold. Unfortunately, it's really hard figuring out the exact copies that were sold solely on the PC.
We do know that there are one million GOG Galaxy users, and according to Steamspy's stats there are 770K owners. Sadly, we don't know the copies that were sold via other platforms (or the percentage of owners that have bought the game from GOG.com but have not activated it via GOG Galaxy. For example, we have not done it).
This means that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt sold, at least, 1.8 million copies on the PC. This basically means that the minimum percentage of the PC sales – compared to the total sales – is 30%. Again, this is pure speculation as we don't have the full picture here.
Newly released dashcam footage shows a Florida deputy intentionally slamming their police cruiser into the home of their ex-wife. (Courtesy: Escambia County Sheriff's Office) (Published Thursday, Oct. 26, 2017)
Newly released dashcam video shows an Escambia County deputy intentionally ramming their police cruiser into their ex-wife's home.
The incident happened last November, but the state attorney's office recently made the video public.
Dep. Timothy Taylor can be see in video reversing out of the driveway as a woman stood in the doorway of the home before going inside and shutting the door.
Taylor parked the cruiser in the middle of the street for about a minute before accelerating full-speed toward the home. Taylor slammed into the front door as broken chunks of the home's exterior fell onto the hood of the police cruiser.
Taylor admitted to being under the influence of prescription drugs at the time of the crash, and said that they tried to commit suicide because of marital problems, according to a WPMI report.
Taylor pleaded no contest to DUI and criminal mischief charges, and was sentenced to two years of probation.
MILLBRAE (CBS SF) — Two men have been arrested following a carjacking robbery in Millbrae in which the victim was run over by their own car.
The San Mateo County Sheriff's Office said a deputy conducted a traffic stop Monday evening along Madera Way after seeing a dark-colored Ford Explorer fail to stop at a stop sign.
The driver, identified as 38-year-old Leo Soto, appeared nervous and evasive and a search of the car led to the discovery of another man buried under a pile of clothes in the back seat, according to the sheriff's office.
The man in the back seat was identified as 30-year-old Antonio Ambriz, who had been identified as the suspect in the carjacking three days prior. The victim had left their vehicle running in their driveway and when they returned they saw the suspect sitting in the driver's seat. As the carjacker fled, the victim was hit and run over by their own car, suffering minor injuries.
At the traffic stop, deputies used a Taser on Ambriz who did not comply with deputies' instructions, according to the sheriff's office.
Ambriz was found to be in possession of methamphetamine and drug paraphernalia, the sheriff's office said. Both they and Soto were arrested on conspiracy charges. Soto also faces charges of being an accessory while Ambriz was facing additional charges of resisting arrest and drug charges.
Both were booked into the Maguire Correctional Facility in Redwood City.
Wealth in all forms is the product of labor applied to land or the products of land. Historically, most great fortunes have been based on monopoly ownership of land sites or natural resources.
The production of wealth requires three factors: (1) Land (includes the electromagnetic spectrum, i.e., broadcast channels), (2) labor (human exertion by brain or brawn), and (3) capital (includes buildings, tools and machinery, computer hardware and software, communications equipment, and goods which, in the process of production or distribution, produce new goods.)
The impact of tax levies on land, labor, and capital was fully explored by Henry George in their worldwide best seller, Progress and Poverty.
The economic return to each of the three factors of production are defined as: (1) wages or salaries paid for labor; (2) interest paid for the use of capital (which is created by the application of labor and knowledge to land and natural resources); and (3) rent which is paid for the use of land. These economic definitions are mutually exclusive. Because wages and interest are attributable to human effort, the laborer is properly entitled to his/her wages or salary and the producer or owner of capital is properly entitled to his/her interest for the use of capital. But land differs from the above in that the possessor of land did not create that land or even create its value. The value of land is due to its native fertility or mineral content, its site or location relative to population aggregations and its proximity to roads, schools, fire and police protection, places of employment and other public and commercial facilities and services. Since the value of any parcel of land is mostly created by the community and not the individual holder of the land, the rental value of that land should then be paid to the community that produced that value.
A tax or "rental charge" levied by the community on the market value of that land would stimulate the highest and best use of that site and promote productive employment. Such a tax increases, rather than diminishes the incentive to produce. Tax labor and people are less inclined to work. Tax savings and people are less inclined to save. But a tax on land does not diminish the quantity of land; it discourages the hoarding of that land for speculative gain and increases the supply of land in the marketplace because it induces holders to use that land efficiently or sell to those who would put that land to higher and better use--use it or lose it. Increasing the supply of land in the marketplace by increasing the tax load on land value would cause the price of that land to fall and thus become more affordable.
The conventional property tax is actually two taxes--a tax on land and another tax on improvements. A tax on the location value of sites would return to the government the increased value created by the community's investment in infrastructure, government services, public amenities, and the growing populations' greater need for land. If government collected this publicly created value, it would not be necessary to tax income or consumption (sales) or employ the myriad of nuisance taxes which impede the operation of the economy and distort the efficiency of the marketplace.
Levying higher taxes on land and lower taxes or removal of taxes on improvements within cities would discourage the development of slums in that maintenance, preservation, rehabilitation, improvement of property and new building would not be penalized with higher taxes. Also, the recycling of underutilized lots, already served with municipal services and infrastructure, for more socially worthy purposes, would be stimulated.
In summary, Levying higher taxes on land values and lower taxes on improvements would discourage urban sprawl and instead foster more intensive and efficient use of land within cities, where required infrastructure already exists. Infill of vacant land and vertical growth in metropolitan areas, would occur spontaneously, and prevent sprawl into endless suburbs far removed from city centers. The expense of extending roads, utilities, schools and other required infrastructure would be greatly diminished and open space, greenbelts and wildlife habitats outside cities could be preserved, protecting the environment and greatly improving the quality of life for all.
The Story of the Three Bears
Click to enlarge
ONCE upon a time there were Three Bears, who lived together in a house of their own, in a wood. One of them was a Little, Small, Wee Bear; and one was a Middle-sized Bear, and the other was a Great, Huge Bear. They each had a pot for their porridge, a little pot for the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and a middle-sized pot for the Middle Bear, and a great pot for the Great, Huge Bear. And they each had a chair to sit in; a little chair for the Little, Small, Wee Bear; and a middle-sized chair for the Middle Bear; and a great chair for the Great, Huge Bear. And they each had a bed to sleep in; a little bed for the Little, Small, Wee Bear; and a middle-sized bed for the Middle Bear; and a great bed for the Great, Huge Bear.
One day, after they had made the porridge for their breakfast, and poured it into their porridge-pots, they walked out into the wood while the porridge was cooling, that they might not burn their mouths, by beginning too soon to eat it. And while they were walking, a little old Woman came to the house. They could not have been a good, honest old Woman; for first they looked in at the window, and then they peeped in at the keyhole; and seeing nobody in the house, they lifted the latch. The door was not fastened, because the Bears were good Bears, who did nobody any harm, and never suspected that anybody would harm them. So the little old Woman opened the door, and went in; and well pleased they were when they saw the porridge on the table. If they had been a good little old Woman, they would have waited till the Bears came home, and then, perhaps, they would have asked them to breakfast; for they were good Bears--a little rough or so, as the manner of Bears is, but for all that very good-natured and hospitable. But they were an impudent, bad old Woman, and set about helping herself.
So first they tasted the porridge of the Great, Huge Bear, and that was too hot for her; and they said a bad word about that. And then they tasted the porridge of the Middle Bear, and that was too cold for her; and they said a bad word about that, too. And then they went to the porridge of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and tasted that; and that was neither too hot nor too cold, but just right; and they liked it so well that they ate it all up: but the naughty old Woman said a bad word about the little porridge-pot, because it did not hold enough for them
Then the little old Woman sate down in the chair of the Great, Huge Bear, and that was too hard for them And then they sate down in the chair of the Middle Bear, and that was too soft for them And then they sate down in the chair of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and that was neither too hard, nor too soft, but just right. So they seated themselves in it, and there they sate till the bottom of the chair came out, and down they came, plump upon the ground. And the naughty old Woman said a wicked word about that, too.
Then the little old Woman went upstairs into the bed-chamber in which the three Bears slept. And first they lay down upon the bed of the Great, Huge Bear; but that was too high at the head for them And next they lay down upon the bed of the Middle Bear, and that was too high at the foot for them And then they lay down upon the bed of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and that was neither too high at the head nor at the foot, but just right. So they covered themselves up comfortably, and lay there till they fell fast asleep.
By this time the Three Bears thought their porridge would be cool enough, so they came home to breakfast. Now the little old Woman had left the spoon of the Great, Huge Bear, standing in their porridge.
'Somebody has been at my porridge!'
said the Great, Huge Bear, in their great, rough, gruff voice. And when the Middle Bear looked at his, they saw that the spoon was standing in it, too. They were wooden spoons; if they had been silver ones, the naughty old Woman would have put them in their pocket.
'Somebody has been at my porridge!'
said the Middle Bear in their middle voice.
Then the Little, Small, Wee Bear looked at his, and there was the spoon in the porridge-pot, but the porridge was all gone.
'Somebody has been at my porridge, and has eaten it all up!'
said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in their little, small, wee voice.
Upon this the Three Bears, seeing that someone had entered their house, and eaten up the Little, Small, Wee Bear's breakfast, began to look about them. Now the little old Woman had not put the hard cushion straight when they rose from the chair of the Great, Huge Bear.
'Somebody has been sitting in my chair!'
said the Great, Huge Bear, in their great, rough, gruff voice.
And the little old Woman had squatted down the soft cushion of the Middle Bear.
'Somebody has been sitting in my chair!'
said the Middle Bear, in their middle voice.
And you know what the little old Woman had done to the third chair.
'Somebody has been sitting in my chair and has sated the bottom out of it!'
said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in their little, small, wee voice.
Then the three Bears thought it necessary that they should make further search; so they went upstairs into their bed-chamber. Now the little old Woman had pulled the pillow of the Great, Huge Bear out of its place.
'Somebody has been lying in my bed!'
said the Great, Huge Bear, in their great, rough, gruff voice.
And the little old Woman had pulled the bolster of the Middle Bear out of its place.
'Somebody has been lying in my bed!'
said the Middle Bear, in their middle voice.
And when the Little, Small, Wee Bear came to look at their bed, there was the bolster in its right place, and the pillow in its place upon the bolster; and upon the pillow was the little old Woman's ugly, dirty head--which was not in its place, for they had no business there.
'Somebody has been lying in my bed--and here they are!'
said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in their little, small, wee voice.
The little old Woman had heard in their sleep the great, rough, gruff voice of the Great, Huge Bear; but they were so fast asleep that it was no more to them than the roaring of wind or the rumbling of thunder. And they had heard the middle voice of the Middle Bear, but it was only as if they had heard someone speaking in a dream. But when they heard the little, small, wee voice of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, it was so sharp, and so shrill, that it awakened them at once. Up they started; and when they saw the Three Bears on one side of the bed, they tumbled themselves out at the other, and ran to the window. Now the window was open, because the Bears, like good, tidy Bears as they were, always opened their bed-chamber window when they got up in the morning. Out the little old Woman jumped; and whether they broke their neck in the fall; or ran into the wood and was lost there; or found their way out of the wood, and was taken up by the constable and sent to the House of Correction for a vagrant as they are, I cannot tell. But the Three Bears never saw anything more of them
Authorities raided Charlie Lynch's California home.
"They say, 'Search warrant! Open the door, or we're gonna tear it down!" Lynch told me for my ABC special "Bailouts and Bull".
"I opened the door, and about 10 to 15 agents with shields, bulletproof vests, guns, masks. [They] threw me on the ground and ... had a gun to the back of my head."
The federal Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) seized 30 pounds of marijuana. Sheriff Pat Hedges said the facts were clear, "Charlie Lynch was making a profit off of selling marijuana."
It wasn't hard for the authorities to locate Lynch's marijuana operation. They were probably tipped off by the public ribbon-cutting ceremony Lynch held -- the one that the mayor of their town attended, along with city councilmen and the president of the Chamber of Commerce. The police were invited, too.
You see, Lynch sold medical marijuana, which has been declared legal by California and 12 other states. California says if a doctor recommends that you use the drug, it's perfectly legal.
Singer Melissa Etheridge is happy about that. When they got breast cancer, chemotherapy took their hair and made them sick. They told me that chemo kills more than cancer. "It's like putting acid in your body. You have absolutely no strength."
The pills to treat the side effects have their own side effects.
They said, "Take the one drug for pain. It makes you constipated. So then you have to take the drug that helps you not be constipated. But that drug [gives you] diarrhea, and so you have to take another drug to combat the side effects of that."
So their doctor recommended marijuana.
"I had a choice: those drugs and all these side effects, or ... one remedy that takes care of all of the [side effects]."
It worked for high school student Owen Beck, too.
"I was playing soccer, and [my leg] was really hurting one day. ... I went and got an MRI. It was a medium-sized tumor."
Doctors amputated Owen's leg and gave them chemotherapy. Chemo tortured them the way it tortured Etheridge.
"It destroys your appetite, and whatever you can eat, you throw up."
When prescribed medicine didn't relieve the side effects, their doctors suggested medical marijuana.
"With the marijuana, I could do what I needed to do during the day and just not be in pain. I could be comfortable."
Owen bought their marijuana from Charlie Lynch's dispensary. Sheriff Hedges says that Lynch's business "is not in the best interests of the community."
They were helping people, wasn't he? I asked Hedges.
"Well, you're making an assumption that he's helping people. They were primarily helping himself."
The sheriff's office's staked out Charlie's dispensary and sent in undercover agents to see if Charlie was breaking any part of California's law. They aren't.
So after a year of diligently documenting that marijuana was indeed being sold by a marijuana dispensary, the sheriff handed the case over to the federal police, the DEA. U.S. law ludicrously calls marijuana a schedule 1 narcotic. That puts it in the same category as heroin.
They told me their life has been destroyed.  They are bankrupt; their girlfriend left him; and friends are afraid to talk to him.
President Obama has joked about their own marijuana use, but since their inauguration, federal police have raided five marijuana dispensaries in states where state law permits them. Last week, however, the administration announced it would no longer raid legal dispensaries. That bought Charlie Lynch some time. This week the federal judge postponed sentencing -- pending more information about the Justice Department's new policy.
The feds still wanted to lock up Charlie Lynch. I don't know why. The DEA refuses to talk to me about it.
The war on drugs is idiotic. It deters few, drives drug use underground -- making it more dangerous -- and creates horrible crime.
Adults should be free to ingest whatever they want, knowing they are responsible for their actions.
Police last week found a 'Scotch whisky' production line in a run-down local authority housing estate in Delhi, thousands of miles from the tranquil glens of Speyside or the coastal distilleries of Islay.
Six men were arrested, including a former brewer, when police found old bottles and fake labels for Johnnie Walker, Chivas Regal and Glenfiddich.
They were mixing a local brand, 'Bagpiper', which is popular with truck drivers and nicknamed 'Punjabi rocket fuel', with 'Signature', a slightly more upmarket Indian whisky.
Police said they were distributing their fake whiskies to Mumbai and Calcutta through a wholesaler and making more than £60,000 profit per month.
Whisky experts said the case highlighted the triumph of brand snobbery over taste and knowledge in the world's biggest 'whisky market.' They said many buyers would not know that Glenfiddich is a sweet tasting Speyside malt, but would be content to buy the status which comes with the labelled bottle.
Detectives said the gang had bought the bottles from ragpickers who live on rubbish dumps and who had recovered them from five-star hotels and restaurants. They had commissioned fake labels from a local printer.
Raghuraj Kanodia of the Scotch Malt Whisky Society's India chapter said they believed only one in every 25 Indian whisky drinkers would be able to discern a single malt from a blend or even an Indian 'whisky', many of which are made from distilled molasses like rum.
India is the world's largest consumer of 'whisky' if sales of its domestic molasses-based version are included.
Sales of cheap Indian brands soared by 300,000 cases to more than five million last year, while single malt sales are estimated at below 40,000 cases.
Exam board chief said migration is a 'defining feature of our history'
OCR module will be about history of migrants dating to Roman times
Teenagers will be able to study 2,000 years of immigration to Britain as part of plans for a new history GCSE.
Those studying the module will learn about the reasons for immigration, the experience of migrants and their impact on the country.
The OCR exam board, which has drawn up the proposals, said pupils would discover parallels to the modern day.
Melting pot: GCSE students will learn about how London has been a destination for migrants for hundreds of years. Pictured, a 17th Century image of arrivals on the River Thames by the Tower of London
They may be ‘surprised to learn' that the black population of London potentially numbered up to 15,000 in the 1750s, and that at least ten languages were used across medieval England.
Pupils will study the history of immigration to Britain from Roman times to the modern day, including arrivals from Syria and eastern Europe.
They will be expected to demonstrate that they understand the reasons people migrated to Britain, the experience of migrants in Britain and their impact on Britain.
OCR said a ‘migration into Britain' module would be an optional part of a new GCSE history course being introduced in 2016.
It aims to reinvigorate interest in GCSE history amid claims from historians that growing numbers of teenagers are not being taught the subject beyond the age of 14.
The GCSE is being reformed in line with changes brought in by the Coalition, which aim to make exams more rigorous.
New courses will be submitted to the Government next year and then taught from 2016 subject to approval from Ofqual, the exams watchdog.
Mike Goddard, OCR's head of history, said: ‘Migration is an ideal history topic for GCSE students to study, allowing them to consider fundamental historical concepts such as continuity, change and significance, rooted in the major events of England's history.
Mike Goddard, OCR's head of history, said the module would require pupils to explore and understand ‘the constant shifts in the British population' - including the arrivals of invaders such as the Romans and Vikings
‘Doing this through the lens of the movement of diverse groups of people has the added benefit of contemporary relevance and will make for a rigorous, stimulating and enjoyable course.'
They said it would require pupils to explore and understand ‘the constant shifts in the British population'.
They would study invaders such as the Romans and the Vikings, the effects of the British Empire and immigration arising from attempts to flee persecution including the Huguenots, Jews and, more recently, the Syrians.
The GCSE is being reformed in line with changes to qualifications ordered by the Coalition, which is attempting to increase rigour and depth of knowledge.
OCR is currently developing two new GCSEs in response to the reforms. One will focus on the ‘modern world' and the second will put more emphasis on a range of historical periods.
The proposed new GCSEs will be submitted to the government next year and will be taught from 2016, subject to approval from Ofqual, the exams watchdog.
Mr Goddard said: ‘Migration has been a constant and, in many important ways, a defining feature of our history.
A metro Detroit woman could be the first person in Michigan to have contracted the Zika virus.
The Grosse Pointe Farms woman is a patient at St. John Hospital.
They say that doctors at St. John, along with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials also believe a mosquito bite they got last week in Florida is the cause.
Donna Sutton says she's been suffering flu-like symptoms along with pink eye for days.
But, without a cure or vaccine for the Zika virus, they can only rely on rest, staying hydrated and basic fever medicine.
The CDC warns the virus has caused serious harm to pregnant women - even leading to miscarriages and birth defects.
The virus has also been discovered in some people who've died in the past year from respiratory problems.
It is also believed to be sexually transmitted, as well as with the exchange of saliva.
Common symptoms include fatigue, chills and sweating, loss of appetite, skin rash and joint pain.
The CDC continues to release more information on the Zika Virus. Click here for visit their website for Zika virus information.
New Orleans, Louisiana (CNN) -- Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Tuesday called a six-month halt on deepwater drilling "needed, appropriate and within our authorities" in announcing they will issue a new order on a moratorium just hours after a federal judge blocked such a mandate.
"We see clear evidence every day, as oil spills from BP's well, of the need for a pause on deepwater drilling," Salazar said in a statement. "That evidence mounts as BP continues to be unable to stop its blowout, notwithstanding the huge efforts and help from the federal scientific team and most major oil companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico."
Salazar's statement did not give an exact date for when the new order would be imposed, saying only "in the coming days."
They promised that the new order will include evidence that "eliminates any doubt that a moratorium is needed, appropriate, and within our authorities."
U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman in New Orleans, Louisiana issued a preliminary injunction Tuesday against the ban, which halted all drilling in more than 500 feet of water and prevented new permits from being issued. The White House said it would appeal the ruling.
President Barack Obama ordered the moratorium after the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon, an oil rig off Louisiana. Eleven people died in the blast, which triggered an underwater oil gusher.
Brian Collins, an attorney for the Justice Department, insisted Monday that the suspension is necessary while officials conduct a safety review.
But a group of companies that provides boats and equipment to the offshore drilling industry filed a lawsuit claiming the government has no evidence that existing operations pose a threat to the Gulf of Mexico and asked the court to declare the moratorium invalid and unenforceable.
Feldman agreed, writing in their ruling, "an invalid agency decision to suspend drilling of wells in depths of over 500
feet simply cannot justify the immeasurable effect on the plaintiffs, the local economy, the Gulf region, and the critical present-day aspect of the availability of domestic energy in this country."
White House spokesperson Robert Gibbs said the government will immediately appeal the ruling to the 5th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals.
"The president strongly believes, as the Department of Interior and Department of Justice argued yesterday, that continuing to drill at these depths without knowing what happened does not make any sense," Gibbs said. Such drilling "puts the safety of those involved, potentially puts safety of those on the rigs and the safety of the environment and the Gulf at a danger that the president does not believe we can afford right now."
In issuing the ruling, Feldman said, "the court is unable to divine or fathom a relationship between the findings (of the government) and the immense scope of the moratorium. The plaintiffs assert that they have suffered and will continue to suffer irreparable harm as a result of the moratorium. The court agrees."
Transocean President Steve Newman, whose company owned the Deepwater Horizon, said Tuesday that they supported ending the moratorium, and the office of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal filed a brief in support of blocking the moratorium.
Jindal and Sen. Mary Landrieu, D-Louisiana, were among those asking the Obama administration Tuesday not to appeal the ruling.
"I'm going to strongly urge the administration not to appeal this ruling, but to try to find a way forward that would achieve the president's goals for safety and responsibility, but at the same time would not jeopardize and threaten a very vibrant and necessary industry for decades," Landrieu told reporters during a conference call.
iReport: In the Gulf? Share your experience with BP
Legendary Texas oil and gas executive T. Boone Pickens also said such a ban is not needed.
"The accident that BP has had could be likened to qualified pilots in an airliner and they have pilot error," they told CNN's "Campbell Brown" program Tuesday night. "(An) airliner crashes, starts a 50,000-acre forest fire and we shut down all flying? No more airlines until we have six months to see what happened?"
Ken Wells, the president of the Offshore Marine Service Association, said Tuesday that while the ruling is positive for their group -- which represents many of the ships that service oil rigs -- the decision is "tempered by the realization this is a big, strong government. And if they want to keep fighting on this, they will keep fighting."
Wells told CNN that many of the small business owners and workers who support the rigs felt "like innocent bystanders in all this," adding that many of them are losing their jobs left and right. They said Feldman's decision "may help our industry survive."
Government estimates indicate as much as 60,000 barrels (2.5 million gallons) of oil may be flowing into the Gulf every day, and the gusher has already taken a serious toll on tourism and the fishing industry in Gulf Coast states.
BP said Tuesday it had collected 25,830 barrels -- 1.08 million gallons -- of oil from the gushing undersea well over the past 24 hours. The amount is the most ever collected; the previous record was set Thursday when 25,290 barrels were collected.
The company announced Tuesday that it will donate net revenues it receives from the sale of oil recovered from the spill to the National Fish and Wildlife Federation.
Also Tuesday, protesters in London, England, briefly disrupted an oil conference that BP CEO Tony Hayward pulled out of a day earlier.
Just before the welcoming speech by BP chief of staff Steve Westwell, who was standing in for Hayward at the World National Oil Companies Congress, a woman got on stage and started shouting. Security quickly removed them
The woman was Greenpeace campaigner Emma Gibson, who told the crowd that "because BP is incapable of telling you the truth, I'm going to tell you what you need to know."
Hayward decided not to attend the conference because of their "commitment to the Gulf of Mexico relief effort," a BP spokesperson said Monday.
Westwell started their speech by apologizing on Hayward's behalf for them not being at the conference. They said the past few weeks have been "extremely difficult for BP."
"It has been hugely shocking for us, for America, and for the rest of the world," Westwell said. "Everyone at BP is devastated, and we deeply regret what's happened. Our hearts go out to those who have lost loved ones. And we are profoundly aware of our responsibilities to those people whose livelihoods and neighborhoods have suffered."
Kenneth Feinberg, who is overseeing BP's $20 billion escrow claims fund, met with Alabama Gov. Bob Riley on Tuesday in what Riley described as a "very, very productive meeting" to discuss ways to accelerate the claims payment process.
"I will be back quickly to spend as much time as it takes to make sure that this program is designed and implemented in an expeditious manner," Feinberg said.
BP said in a statement Monday that costs from the disaster now total about $2 billion, including the cost of the response, containment, relief well drilling, grants to Gulf states, claims paid and federal costs. To date, more than 65,000 claims have been submitted and more than 32,000 payments totaling more than $105 million have been made, the company said.
Elsewhere, a spokesperson for Iran's foreign ministry said the Islamic republic, which has chilly relations with the United States, would consider helping America with the oil spill if asked, according to the Iranian Labour News Agency.
"The difficult solution of an oil spill, from the standpoint that it's a humanitarian problem, persuades all countries to offer help," ILNA quoted Foreign Ministry spokesperson Ramin Mehmanparast as saying.
CNN's Anderson Cooper, Eric Marrapodi, Chris Lawrence, Alan Silverleib, Matthew Chance, Vivian Kuo and Ethan Harp contributed to this report.
Newly unsealed court documents show President Donald Trump paid more than $1.3 million in labor settlements in 1998 after they were accused of using undocumented workers for the construction of Trump Tower in Manhattan, the New York Times reported Monday night.
Previous reports revealed that Trump employed 200 undocumented immigrants to help demolish the Bonwit Teller building in order to build Trump's signature New York property at 725 Fifth Ave. Trump claimed in 1990 in court that they didn't know the workers were undocumented, but others testified Trump was aware the workers were undocumented.
While Trump has insisted they never settles cases, they ultimately settled this lawsuit.
The settlement had been under seal for nearly 20 years, until last week when a district court judge in Manhattan ordered it to be publicly released, showing Trump settled Hardy v. Kaszycki for $1.375 million, according to the Times. The Times reported the unsealing of the documents were in response to a motion filed by Time Inc. and the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press in 2016.
The news comes as Trump is still railing against undocumented immigrants in the United States. “We are fighting hard for merit-based immigration, no more Democrat lottery systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter),” they tweeted Nov. 1.
Trump hinted Tuesday morning that he's prepared to shut down the government if the funding bill includes immigration legislation.
“Meeting with ‘Chuck and Nancy' today about keeping government open and working,” Trump tweeted. “Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our country unchecked, are weak on crime and want to substantially RAISE taxes. I don't see a deal!”
The local economy should be the most important part of the economy. The Centre for Economic Development is working on the development of community life and cooperative work through participation in economic, social and cooperative activities. It works on the foundation of social norms, the introduction of a free communal life and equality as the basis for practical and administrative life. Women have the right to take their place in the various bodies. The Centre is committed to providing the basic needs of all components of society, working to achieve dignity, preserving human life and promoting cooperatives in all provinces of Rojava.
We visited the centre and met the chair of the Community Economic Development Committee in the city of Qamishlo (Qamişlo / Qamishli / Al-Qamishli, also known as Al-Qamishly, Kamishli or Kamishly), Mr Talal Julie. They said: “The Centre was established after taking protection, policy, conciliation committees and service committees into consideration. We found that Rojava needs economic management for its development and we understood the importance for the centre to progress and develop. It is organised according to work assigned to each committee, which appoints two people from the centre and the economic committee appoints the head and the deputy. The centre has been open for nearly a year.”
Active members of the cooperative
Cooperatives are economic associations based on cooperation, sharing, joint action and teamwork among members of society (in districts – villages – institutions…). They are not limited to profits only but operate on a basis of self-administration, collaboration and participation. The cooperatives work to maintain the economic level and on the reduction of monopolies, the avoidance of mistakes and not repeating them.
It has also worked in the development of modes of mass production, exchange experiences based on a mutual support system and the reduction of unemployment.
For the centre's membership, Julie told us that everyone who works in the commune is entitled to be a member of the centre. The economic position of the individual will be improved through a process of self-development and in a proven ability to work hard with the encouragement of members of the centre. There are conditions which must be met in the centre's membership, such as discipline, morality, raising the morale of comrades, doing the work required, and hygiene. Board members are, at the same time, working in the cooperatives, and everyone is committed to working in a spirit of harmony with the cooperatives' activities. In addition, a member is not entitled to join more than one committee in the cooperative because the board appoints the management, finance and follow-up committees. Any member can be excluded from any committee according to the results of an election and by meetings held by the boards with all members agreeing to the exclusion decision.
Focus on agriculture in the province of Al Jazeera
Mr Julie said that the development centre gives great importance to agriculture in general and the focus is on land owned by the centre in every region of the Al Jazeera province (Qamishlo – Amuda (Amûdê / Amouda) – Derbasiye (Dirbêsiyê‎ / Al-Darbasiyah) – Terba Sebah – Derik (Dêrika Hemko / Dêrik / Al-Malikiyah). The crops are wheat, barley, cumin, chickpeas and lentils but we are not limited to that only, as in Terba Sebah we grew vegetables such as onions, garlic,..etc. The land which is planted, tradesman or any other person can benefit from the arable land by buying shares in the company for a sum of money. For example, in the association Hevgertin, the stock is estimated at 15 thousand Syrian Lira. All categories of people are entitled to purchase shares according to their needs and securing goods to cover the need for self-sufficiency for the rest of the province so the interest will be for the people. Our goal is to benefit the entire nation and not to profit commercially. We want to break down the monopolies in the market held by certain traders and distribute the profit evenly among all the people involved in the cooperatives, where they share the stock.
Julie added that the share price allocated to trade and care for livestock is estimated at 25 thousand Syrian Lira, agricultural stock is 30 thousand Syrian Lira per share and commercial stock is 15 thousand Syrian Lira per share; the prices are in Dollars in order to increase the interest rates and avoid losses.
Cooperatives' role in improving the local economy
In relation to the role of self-administration in encouraging the building of cooperatives, Julie said: “For the past three years, the self-administration manages the centre to improve the economic situation which has arisen because of the closure of all border crossings and the embargo from all sides of Bashur [South Kurdistan / North Iraq] and Bakur [North Kurdistan / East Turkey], and of roads that lead to the province. The duty of the self-administration is to secure material for the rest of the province. For example, we agreed with some farmers to build cooperatives within the land owned and to institute a system of shares and dividends with everyone, but the project was not completed because there were insufficient participants with effective shares and our support was low due to our very limited budget. But now we are seeing strong demand for cooperatives and this demand has been created by the centre. We are now witnessing an improved level of per capita income through participation in these associations.”
Projects in progress
For the associations which opened in Rojava, Julie mentioned that among these associations and institutions are Hevgirtin company, the Agricultural Association and the Industrial Association, which are underway, and we are striving to complete them as soon as possible. Currently we have projects and plans, such as canned food plants and milk, but we need time for the completion of these projects. Projects that have already been created in Rojava are the asupervisorstioned (Hevgirtin, the agricultural association and the association of sheep breeding).
The teamwork in the cooperatives enables everyone to have access to production and the fruits of production. It enables them to achieve justice and a rise of the overall level of the economy in Rojava.
Posted September 22, 2016 at 12:45 am
Okay, so maybe I had a little writer's block. Not about what I wanted to happen. I wanted to imply Catalina was getting marked, and... Well, what's going to happen in the next few comics, which I actually almost just typed (not even kidding; way to go, brain), but not precisely what Catalina and Rhoda would be talking about in this moment, for it just sort of needed to be, well, anything, and when something can be anything, it can be difficult to think of something.
So I considered whether the cookie place would have cupcakes. The answer is no. They are a cookie place.
The next obvious question would be if they'd have anything cupcake-like? The answer is yes. They are a cookie place.
Then the question was what to call the closest thing they have to a cupcake, and I honestly wasn't sure. What came to mind was basically a cupcake shaped cookie with icing. I tried to look up what to call that, and the closest I found to what I was thinking of was listed under brownies, so... Maybe?
I don't know. They're a cookie place.
Common Security Clubs are local groups that practice mutual aid, learn about the economic issues that face them, and take collective action. Click here for more blog entries.
On April 1, I sat down with a group of my neighbors—members of a newly formed Common Security Club in our Boston neighborhood—to watch Inside Job, the Academy Award-winning documentary about the 2008 economic meltdown. We were going for an April Fools' Day theme: “Don't get fooled again” by the bankers and executives who caused the crash.
For a lot of us, the theme hit home: “I have a feeling they are going to fool us again,” one person said. “We have the same CEOs, the same regulators. Are we just going to go around and around, from crash to a mild recovery to the next crash?”
We talked about whether or not we want a “recovery.” “We need to take stock of our reality now, and figure out how to make it better,” said one participant.
It's a level of vulnerability many of us just can't feel comfortable with. In community centers, living rooms, and churches around the country, more than forty other groups gathered to view and discuss the documentary that day, seeking to better understand why the economic crisis happened—and how to make their communities more resilient in the future.
Inside Job exposes devastating greed and incompetence at the highest levels of government and the private sector. With a relentless barrage of facts, it shows how the “smartest people in the room” created the conditions for a huge economic collapse that they had no idea how to stop—but never paid a price for the destruction they caused in the lives of millions of Americans.
After the film, my neighbors and I talked about how difficult it is to be hopeful when the same exact people who caused the crash are still running the economy. We're also concerned that the story we tell ourselves about the economy hasn't fundamentally changed. So many of us expect things to go back to the way they were: an economy based on cheap oil and unbridled consumption.
In The Face of this Truth...
It's time to talk honestly about collapse–no matter how others may respond.
But many others know that's not an option. At my club the following Sunday, we talked about whether or not we want a “recovery.” People were clear that we want more jobs, fewer foreclosures, and less debt. But: “I don't think we can go backwards to get what we want,” said one participant, the pastor of the church. “We need to take stock of our reality now, and figure out how to make it better.”
We have been told that the experts know best, and that even though they crashed the economy, they're still the experts. We're told that we should be patient, not question things we don't understand, and by all means, keep shopping. “These kinds of messages work to keep us paralyzed and isolated, and keep us from seeing other possibilities,” says Linda Schmoldt, a Common Security Circle facilitator in Portland, Oregon. “We must envision a new economy and society based on real wealth, and create a new story about what is possible.”
Still, though my club knew things needed to change, it was hard to imagine a large-scale vision of something different.
The experts got it wrong; we can kiss their old story goodbye and start writing our own.
But it was easy to imagine how we could begin to change things in our own neighborhood: “What if we had a garden here at the church?” asked the pastor. “It would be something else for people to do, besides watch TV and shop. I'd need help, but we could do it. We could involve the teenagers at the community center and share all the food.” Others chimed in: “Let's use Freecycle to find old things instead of buying new ones.” “Let's set up a website to list recipe ideas and grocery saving tips and things we can share.”
What's your vision for the new economy? What are you doing to turn it into a reality? There's so much to do: you can help organize a Common Security Club for your community; get involved in a Transition Initiative; build local resilience alongside your neighbors; take steps to increase your independence from Wall Street's phantom wealth traps by buying and investing locally.
One way to get the conversation started is with your own Inside Job screening—the movie is now available for online screening. The experts got it wrong; we can kiss their old story goodbye and start writing our own.
Interested?
Ter Stegen has been playing at the top level of the game since the age of 19. Excellent with the ball at their feet, they are a player for the present and the future
Marc-André ter Stegen signed for FC Barcelona in the summer of 2014 from Borussia Mönchengladbach. Born on 30 April 1992 in Mönchengladbach itself, the German did not take long to make their name as one Europe's most promising young goalkeepers.
Their only previous club was Borussia Mönchengladbach, which they joined in 1996 at the age of just 4, and by the time they were 18 they had already made their first team debut on 10 April 2011 in the Bundesliga against FC Köln. Mönchengladbach won 5-1, and following a fine performance Ter Stegen was soon the regular first choice keeper, conceding just three goals in their first six outings.
In the next two games, Ter Stegen and Mönchengladbach faced a relegation playoff, and won 2-1 on aggregate to stay in the top division. The following season, Ter Stegen was named the best goalkeeper in the Bundesliga and they went on to complete four seasons and 108 matches in the German league.
Ter Stegen made their official debut for the Club on 17 September 2014 in Champions League against APOEL Nicosia FC. The match ended with a Barça victory (1-0 ). In their debut season, 2014/15, the goalkeeper played every game in the Champions League and had a leading role in the Copa del Rey, both of which Barça won. Luis Enrique continued going with Ter Stegen in both tournaments the following season, in which they played 27 games. They became the team's number one goalkeeper in 2016/17, starting in La Liga and the Champions League, bringing their appearances total with Barça to 141.
Their leading role with Barça gave them a ticket to their first World Cup, in Russia 2018. With Germany, Marc-André ter Stegen made their international debut in 2012, but at the last minute was left out of the World Cup winning squad at Brazil 2014. Aged just 22 years they became the second German goalkeeper at FC Barcelona, following on from Robert Enke.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 European pre-order bonuses, limited editions announced
European gets Crystal Edition, Limited Edition, pre-order pack.
Europe will receive two limited edition versions of Final Fantasy XIII-2 come its February 3, 2012 release in the continent. The special editions come in the form of a “Crystal Edition” and “Limited Collector's Edition.”
Here's what you'll get in both:
Crystal Edition – £67.85
Presentation box
4-Disc FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 Original Soundtrack with premium digipak packaging (riginal Soundtrack item for the Crystal Edition does not include the song “New World” performed by Charice. All other background music from the game is included)
Exclusive FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 T-Shirt from the SQUARE ENIX PRODUCTS range. Never to be available elsewhere!
Artwork book “The Art of FINAL FANTASY XIII-2”, featuring artwork across the production
6 collectable postcards, featuring high quality CG artwork of main characters in the game
High Definition Lenticular Artprint, showing an iconic image of Lightning
Limited Collector's Edition – £36.85
Unique packaging
Composer Selected Soundtrack: CD with selection of music tracks from the game, specially chosen by the composers
Artwork book “The Art of FINAL FANTASY XIII-2”
6 collectible postcards, featuring high quality CG artwork of main characters in the game
High Definition Lenticular Artprint, showing an iconic image of Lightning
Pre-ordering the game at select retailers will guarantee consumers an exclusive pre-order pack, which includes: a steelbook case, the “Fight In Style” downloadable content, which contains the Omega boss fight (recruitable) and new costumes for Serah and Noel, the Final Fantasy XIII -Episode 1- novella, and three lithograph art cards with key images of the game.
View more images of the Limited and Crystal Editions at the gallery.
Bitcoin can make a big impact in Africa, as the continent lacks a stable financial infrastructure in most areas. On top of that, most African countries are plagued by hyperinflationary fiat currencies, making it that much harder for people to make ends meet. Now that Bidorbuy accepts Bitcoin payments, the digital currency suddenly becomes more appealing to consumers in South Africa and beyond.
Also read: R3 CEV Explores Five Blockchain Service Providers for Banking Purposes
Online Marketplace Bidorbuy Sees Value in Bitcoin
People living in South Africa and other African countries will know the name Bidorbuy, as it is the continent's largest online marketplace. While it may be a stretch to compare Bidorbuy with the likes of eBay and Alibaba, the platform holds a lot of value as an online marketplace and auction website for the African continent.
Considering how this platform serves over 1 million visitors on a monthly basis, and generates over 30 million page views, there is a growing interest in buying and selling goods online in Africa. That seems only normal, as there are a lot of people accessing the Internet through their mobile device. So much even that the financial industry in Africa is quickly turning into a mobile-only affair.
This growth has been noticeable on Bidorbuy as well, as there are over 700,000 items for sale on the platform at the time of writing. Similar to eBay, the platform connects buyers and sellers directly, without acting as a middle man to hold onto the funds. However, a small fee is charged for listing items and successful sales of products.
Bidorbuy has been around since 1999, making it one of the oldest online marketplace and auction sites in the world today. Among the accepted payment methods are traditional offerings, such as credit cards and PayPal. But a new payment method has been added in the form of Bitcoin, which will allow consumers to pay for goods on the platform without needing access to a bank account or plastic card.
That being said, it remains up to individual sellers as to what payment methods they are willing to accept. Not that there is any risk for sellers to accept Bitcoin, as Bidorbuy will take care of the acceptance and conversion to local currency. Sellers won't even need to set up a Bitcoin wallet to accept this form of payment, and the fact there is no chargeback risk might be enticing enough for sellers to at last give Bitcoin a try. By the look of things, Bitx will be the Bitcoin payment processor during the checkout process.
Bidorbuy can only extend the option to their sellers, but there is no guarantee anyone will accept digital currency payments in the long run. However the company's willingness to give Bitcoin a chance goes to show this digital currency is far more legitimate than most people give it credit for.
Source: Bidorbuy
Let each state decide without any Federal Government interference. from a Republican in Anchorage, AK
Why would anyone in their right mind want to legalize anything that causes anxiety, addiction, memory loss, panic attacks, mood disorders, psychosis, schizophrenia and many other mental disorders ????. from a Republican in Maricopa, AZ
Yes, I also support making marijuana use mandatory. from a Socialist in New Berlin, WI
"Medical" marijuana needs to be prescribed by a legitimate doctor and dispensed by a legitimate pharmacy just like prescription drugs. Second hand smoke from this is hallucinegetic for any who breath it even if your neighbor smokes it. So it... from a Republican in Mid Florida, FL
Yes but not allowing anyone to be high while driving or while caring for children. from a Socialist in Cheney, KS
It is a ridiculous subject to have any controversy about, when our borders & the American people are not safe!!!!. from a Republican in Cheney, KS
Yes, it does less damage to your body than alcohol does. from a Democrat in Minneapolis, MN
Why would you hurt yourself like that?. from a Constitution in Lindale, TX
Drug sellers and traffickers, should be punished to the highest extent of the law MINIMUM of 40 years in prison. Those who are addicted and refuse help, give them a choice, of NO DRUGS OR PRISON. After they are helped, THEY pay for their rehab cost. from a Republican in Lynchburg, VA
Under reasonable exclusions including "moral clauses" for government employees e.g., teachers. from a Democrat in New York, NY
No, there is no way to test the levels in your blood system like you can with alcohol. This makes it far more dangerous. from a Libertarian in Springfield, MO
Figure out DUI measurements to keep roads safer and then legalize for all 21 years and older. from a Democrat in Portland, OR
If weed becomes legal I will set off the nukes in America. from a Democrat in Prince Frederick, MD
Regulated to a point it is only legal at home. Let out drug offenders that are serving sentences for marijuana, thirty five grand in tax payer money for each one? Support medical research independent of the drug companies influence. Finally anyone can... from a Green in Lockland, OH
Let's do some real scientific studies on the effects of high and chronic (no pun intended) THC exposures (such as are now occurring in Colorado and Washington) before we legalize anything. It's not the harmless herb we've been told. from a Republican in El Paso, TX
Yes but keep Monsanto's hands out of it so they don't poison it with their GMO's. from a Republican in Grand Rapids, MN
NO because I've seen too many people use "harmless" marijuana and become hooked on the harder drugs. I would agree to be able to legally use for medical reasons but only in pill or oil and only with an Rx from the doctor. from a Constitution in Pottsville, PA
I neither support nor do not support this. Some people just use it to get high and many others use it for medical help. Either way it is still a drug that is only killing you softly, as they say. from a Republican in Algood, TN
Yes, and add age restrictions and a Cancer warning. from a Democrat in Manchester, MD
Yes, and flood the market with all the marijuana currently held by the Border Patrol. Increase the penalties for anyone convicted of a crime resulting in injury or death to another person when the perpetrator was under the influence of marijuana. from a Republican in Sterling, VA
Yes, but for real medical uses. Such as cancerous diseases. Not something like back pain. from a Democrat in Coppell, TX
Yes, but only for medical use and release anyone who is serving only for distribution of marijuana or use of it. from a Democrat in Yonkers, NY
Yes, release those in prison and clear their record so they can make a living. White men should not be the majority of people profiting from legalization after incarcerating black men and women for years!. from a Democrat in Borden, IN
The government has no right to control what a free citizen does with their own body. from a Libertarian in Newark, NJ
Yes, start out legalizing for medical use only. Monitor societal effects. Implement reasonable punishment for offenders. from a Democrat in Point Roberts, WA
Marijuana is a god given medicine. The research shows many medicinal properties with little side effects for major illnesses. Cannabis oil is becoming more and more useful with chronic illness in many. I would rather see Alcohol be banned before Cannabis.... from a Republican in Destrehan, LA
Decriminalize it, tax and regulate but don't forget all the people that are sitting in prison for a drug offense of having marijuana on them. Wasting their lives away. Busted for a joint. There are too many. from a Democrat in Reno, NV
Yes,but it should be treated the same as alcohol driving under the influence of any substance should be a criminal act and be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, there should not be any favoritism for first time offenders do the crime do the time. from a Constitution in Temple, TX
It is a person right to have medical marijuana. They should not be taxed like it is a cigarette. Edible Marijuana should be legal. Growing you own is not to be taxed or be illegal. Hemp is used for many things, stop cutting down the rain forest and use
... from a Constitution in Tulsa, OK
Only cannabis oil for medicine. from a Constitution in Galveston, IN
Add labels, warning signs, child locks, etc. for anything containing marijuana and legalize. from a Green in Irvington, NY
Yes, legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana and restrict recreational use only for those over 25 years old and make it illegal for recreational use for those under 25 years old. from a Democrat in San Diego, CA
Marijuana, Cannabis and most recreational drugs must be generally legalized as they are less dangerous than prescription medications. More people are addicted to Vicodin, Percocet, Oxycontin, Valium and Xanax versus cannabis and cocaine. from a Libertarian in St. Joseph, MO
Allow research of potential medical uses and follow standard FDA drug evaluation procedures for those who might benefit from cannabis oil and derivative products. If successful, it would drop to a Class B drug instead of a Class A and reduce penalties for... from a Republican in Des Peres, MO
I say, study the accident rate in states that have legalized marijuana, and if it has not increased the danger to other people on the road, then legalize it. It could help our state's economy. from a Green in Fenton, MI
Seems we are on our way to that, but it will further dumb down America. from a Democrat in Rockwood, VA
Leave it to individual states, make Federal Law subserviant to State law in this area, except for providing reasonable protections of extreme penalties & prosecution of transient outof state residents inadvertantly violating the states laws. from a Republican in Norfolk, VA
No. Drug abusers who want to stop their addiction should be offered treatment. I certainly don't see businesses allowing employees who are high to work for them. Marijuana doesn't make anyone a better worker, student, parent does it?. from a Democrat in Arlington, VA
Nothing in between completely legalizing and freeing those from prior conviction and throwing their tails in jail? Somewhere in between the extremes is decriminalizing MJ for recreational use along with "Real", and get "Real" with... from a Republican in Thousand Oaks, CA
No. Penalties should be steep fines. If they can afford to buy the crap they can afford gigantic fines. Stop making prisons like club med. When they commit a crime they forfiet all rights. Maybe forced hard labor to boot. Make prison much more unpleasant. from a Republican in Salt Lake City, UT
Yes - but only after a non-intrusive and accurate test is developed that would discern if a person is driving while impaired. A limit would need to be establised similar to BAC for DUI. The present urine tests only test for metabolized TCH, with no sense... from a Republican in Amherst, NH
Marijuana should be decriminalized, yet usage discouraged through a high fine. The state needs to reinforce a higher moral standard. from a Republican in Bellaire, TX
No and we should close our borders in real effective ways and that would solve a host of problems such as illegal , "that means NOT LEGAL" immigration, human trafficking, drug traffic, terrorists entry. We got problems folks. from a Republican in Rutland, VT
I voted in WA to legalize it, but out of ignorance, did not know the waste products created and released into the environment by producers of it. We have no ready system to ensure that production is regulated, that illegal growers, producers and sellers... from a Democrat in University Place, WA
No, and make any detectable level in blood or urine be considered proof of possession and to be made public. However, limit the sanction to loss of driving privileges and loss of DOT or HHS jobs and loss of other jobs at their employer's discretion.... from a Libertarian in La Porte, IN
If we'd started out without regulations and treated it as a social issue to begin with it won't be as much of an issue, but after a long time of having it illegal it would be too swift of a change-- like teenagers turning 21 and having their... from a Republican in Eugene, OR
I'm sorry but I feel the avg person who uses marijuana is also involved in the use of various other substances. It should only be available for medical purposes only, that's it and not set up so anybody can just purchase it legally. from a Republican in Poway, CA
Yes, immediately free all citizens jailed for marijuana as well as legalizing, taxing, and regulation marijuana for anybody over 18. from a Green in Munster, IN
Yes. It took a Constitutional Amendment to prohibit alcohol, I have yet to see one for cannabis. Not to mention it was made 'illegal' due solely to the fact that the robber barons of the day wanted to stifle competition. from a Republican in Macomb, IL
No we have enough problems with alcohol addiction and don't need to add a new product to the menu. If you legalize it then the private sector should be able to fire employees who are users and they should not get any government assistance once fired.... from a Libertarian in Camden, SC
My first impression of Erasmic's shaving stick was that it was too brittle to be sold in this format. Like many shave sticks, it comes with a little plastic holder that has four prongs, onto which you are to impale the shaving stick. Anyways, one I removed the wrapper and went to reimpale the stick on the prongs, the soap broke off in chunks, preventing the holder from actually, you know, holding the soap. Far too brittle to be sold in this format.
The soap performed… well, pretty much exactly like the Derby shaving stick that I reviewed a while back. Good balance of glide and thickness once you dial in the right amount of water to use (not too much, be careful of adding too much between passes, not too little). A bit finnicky, but it was good stability-wise. No real noticable moisturization or other skin benefits however.
The scent was slightly less unpleasant. I wouldn't say I like it, it was still a very artificial aroma, cloyingly floral. It was however also not very strong at all. Quite discernible when sniffing the stick directly, but not really noticeable at all when shaving.
6/10 Scent Pleasantness
4/10 Scent Strength
8/10 Lather Quality
Overall, meh. The scent did nothing for me, the shave was good but not great. 6/10.
Gear used:
Brush: Wee Scott
Razor: Vintage Bakelite Slant
Blade: Sharp Durablade
Ingredients: Sodium Tallowate, Sodium Palm Kernelate, Aqua, Potassium Stearate, Sodium Stearate, Potassium Cocoate, Sodium Cocoate, Glycerin, Parfum, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Citral, Citronellol, Coumarin, Geraniol, Limonene, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Chloride, PEG-14M, Tetrasodium EDTA, Sodium Gluconate, Sodium Silicate, Magnesium Sulfate, Tetrasodium Etidronate.
Advertisements
We ran a poll over the weekend, first via the Big D staff, then to you - our beautiful readers and fans of the best club in MLS, to help decide the best FC Dallas jersey of all time. We're now down to the Final 8 and we had a few close calls in the previous round.
Those of you who were big fans of the 1997 Home jersey will be disappointed that the 2010-11 Away kit won out by a mere four (4) votes (!!!!).
Let's keep things moving along and get to the voting! Quick note, for those of you on iOS, there's probably going to be a problem with the formatting with the ads covering the form. We've sent a word to our engineers to figure out what's going on, but for now, it would be best if you grabbed a tablet or your laptop/desktop.
Pairings were done by seeding, based on the popular vote among the writing staff. It's certainly left us with some interesting match ups for this round.
What do you guys think? Was it easier or harder to vote this time around? Did the popular vote make a mistake in the earlier round?
Light fantastic: World's oldest lightbulb still burning bright after 109 years
Burning bright: The world's oldest lightbulb, which has been glowing almost continuously since 1901
The world's oldest light bulb has been burning for 109 years - so little wonder it has a fan club with thousands of members and its own website.
As EU rules deny householders the right to use traditional filament bulbs, the so-called 'Centennial Light' has been on almost constantly since 1901.
It holds pride of place in Fire Station 6, in Livermore, northern California.
The longest time the Guinness World Record-holding bulb has ever been turned off for is just a week.
Dangling above the fire engines, people come for hundreds and thousands of miles to see the diminutive symbol.
The bulb was designed by Adolphe Chailet, who competed with the likes of the world famous Thomas Edison to make the best bulb.
Despite their amazing design Chailet was never as successful as Edison even though their bulb was proved to survive higher voltages.
Bulb protector Steve Bunn said the secret of the lights success was down to good old fashioned engineering.
They said: 'They certainly don't make them like this anymore, it's a real sign of how some things were better made in the past.
'The man who invented the bulb was Adolphe Chailet and they sounded by all accounts to be a very serious person.
'But when it comes to spark, they did perform an experiment where several competitors, including Edison.
'All the bulbs were subjected to a test of increasing voltage, and exploded, all except for Chailet's which just got brighter.
'That would have been fun to watch.
'The appeal of the light is worldwide, a few weeks ago I received a message from someone living in the Arctic Circle.
A firefighter checks the world's oldest lightbulb (left), and a modern energy-saving type in Livermore, California
'They said the little bulb was a beacon of light for the whole world, even in dark and lonely places which was a humbling thought to me.
'As well as the fact this little bulb was burning when my grandparents were children, it's amazing.
'My theory, that the bulb has lasted, is because Adolphe Chailet just made a better bulb, and filament.
'To the folks on the committee, the fire department and the city of Livermore California, the bulb is priceless, but we did have an offer for $5,000 once.
'On face value, it is high up in the rafters, and a little dim, but when visitors talk to the firefighters who live with it, and hear the history from them, it comes alive as a symbol of good things gone by.
'I just invited a friend of my dad, Cal, to go see it last week and they just turned 100 last year.
'His response on seeing it they said: 'Oh I saw enough of those growing up, I can picture it in my mind'.' The lightbulb in Livermore is a Shelby model and was first designed by the Shelby Electric Company in the late 1890s.
The Centennial Light has its own CCTV camera
Centennial Light facts and figures
Age: 109 years and counting (as of 2010)
Installed: First installed at the fire department hose cart house on L Street in 1901. Shortly after it moved to the main firehouse on Second. In 1903 it was moved to the new Station 1 on First and McLeod, and survived the renovation of the Firehouse in 1937, when it was off for about a week.
During it's first 75 years it was connected directly to the 110 Volt city power, (subject to the power outages) , and not to the back-up generator for fear of a power surge. In 1976 it was moved with a full police and fire truck escort, under the watch of Captain Kirby Slate, to its present site in 1976 at Fire Station 6, Livermore, California. It was then hooked to a seperate power source at 120V according to Frank Maul, Retired City Electrician, with no interuptions since.
Proof of Longevity: From local newspaper records; also GE engineers researched it. Was donated to the Fire Department in 1901 by Dennis Bernal who owned the Livermore Power and Light Co.
Vital Statistics: The improved incandescent lamp, invented by Adolphe A. Chaillet, was made by the Shelby Electric Company. It is a handblown bulb with carbon filament. Approximate wattage-4 watts. Left burning continuously in firehouse as a nightlight over the fire trucks. For some research test results on a sister bulb at Annapolis follow this link.
Recognition: Declared the oldest known working lightbulb by Guinness Book of World Records. Ripley's Believe-It-or-Not in 1972 researched it and declared it the oldest. Charles Kurault of the TV program 'On the Road with Charles Kurault' visited the bulb in the 1970s and included it in their book as well. Declarations from the President of the U.S., Congress, Senate, State Senate and Assembly, and Shelby Ohio.In 2007 it was again recognized in Guiness, and Ripleys books.
The light bulb has been hanging in this fire station since the mid-seventies
Closest Competitors: The Second longest bulb was listed in the 1970 Guinness Book under the heading Most Durable says that 'on 21 Sept 1908 a stagehand named Barry Burke at the Byers Opera House, Fort Worth, Texas screwed in a new light bulb and that it was still burning'. The building was renamed the Palace Theatre, and the light was known as the Palace Bulb ever since. It now resides in the Stockyards Museum, and will have been burning for 100 years Sept of 2008. A website is in the works.
The Third, a bulb in a New York City hardware store had been working since 1912, but it is unknown if it still works today.
The Fourth is known as 'the bulb' which like ours, burns in a firehouse in the town of Mangum, Oklahoma. It has been in operation since around 1926, has no special power conversions, and is on continuously.
The Fifth was a bulb in a washroom at the Martin & Newby Electrical Shop in Ipswich, England was dated from 1930 and burned out in January 2001.
For more info on these follow this link to Roadside America, or Wikipedia.
Future Plans: The City of Livermore and the Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department intend to keep the bulb burning as long as it will. They have no plans at present what to do with the bulb if or when it does burn out. Ripley's has requested it for their museum.
The oldest light bulb has been honoured by America Off The Wall guidebook
Visiting: You can visit the bulb depending on the availability of the Firemen on hand. Go to the rear of the station and ring the bell. If they are in someone will answer the door. Otherwise you can see the bulb if you look through the window up on the top of the wall to your left.
Celebration: We commemorated its centennial on Friday, June 8, 2001 at the fire station. The celebration was from 5 to 8 p.m. with a community BBQ and program. Three bands provided a variety of music, ranging from 1900 era, 1950s music, and a contemporary rock music group. Please see the celebration gallery for all the pictures.
History of the light bulb
1809: An English chemist, Humphrey Davy, used a high power battery to induce current between two charcoal strips producing a bright light.
1879: Thomas A. Edison, along with others developed the first practical filament lightbulb design, it lasted just 13.5 hours. However in months Edison had developed one which lasted 1,200 hours.
1930: Photo flashlight bulbs were first used in photography.
1959: A design for halogen lightbulb is first patented by the US company General Electric.
1962: The LED, or light-emitting diode is first introduced as a practical component in computers and electronics.
2009: The UK Government announced it was phasing out the traditional filament lightbulb banning sales in favour of environmentally-friendly halogen models.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The Center for American Progress has been a White House in waiting for mainstream Democratic candidates for over a decade now. When it places something on the agenda, that becomes part of mainstream discussion on the center left. And at its Ideas Conference this week, it embraced one idea that has been kicking around the left for a long time: guaranteed employment for anyone who wants a job. Ad Policy
In “Toward a Marshall Plan for America,” CAP frames this as an answer to growing despair and acute economic pain bred by stagnant wages and lack of opportunity. But few advocates who have been pushing a federal-job guarantee for so long were consulted or even cited in the proposal. And while they're generally thrilled that their life's work has entered a broader conversation, they're concerned that something is getting lost in translation.
The federal-job-guarantee concept goes back to Huey Long's Share Our Wealth plan in the 1930s. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. endorsed “employment for everyone in need of a job” in the civil-rights era. Under this framework, the government would fund jobs with a living wage and benefits similar to public-sector workers'. The open-ended program would be funded as needed, expandable in recession, and contractable when the economy recovers. Government would become the employer of last resort.
CAP's version is somewhat targeted. Its focus is on non–college graduates specifically, which it says have been disproportionately left behind economically. Real income fell for workers without a college degree from 2000 to 2016, and mortality rates for this subset have grown. So CAP proposes a commission for a “national Marshall plan” to fund living-wage jobs at $15 an hour. “An expanded public employment program could, for example, have a target of maintaining the employment rate for prime-age workers without a bachelor's degree at the 2000 level of 79 percent,” according to the policy brief. Right now, that would mean 4.4 million jobs at a cost of about one-quarter of Donald Trump's tax cut.
What kinds of jobs would be created? CAP suggests that home health care, child care, and teaching aides are all urgently needed. It also cites infrastructure investment for job creation–roads and bridges, but also schools and hospitals. Interestingly, CAP also brings up the concept of public apprenticeships: paying people to engage in full-time training for high-growth occupations, with the idea of spinning out skilled workers to the private sector.
I talked to several supporters of public jobs and the federal-jobs-guarantee concept. All of them welcomed CAP to the discussion. “They're invoking the language of a job guarantee which is a permanent program, that's great,” said Pavlina Tcherneva of the Levy Economics Institute at Bard College. But while the adoption shows the momentum for public job creation as a political force, job-guarantee supporters had several concerns about CAP's formulation.
“Their discussion was heavily focused on the provision of employment for those with a high-school diploma or less,” said Sandy Darity of Duke University, one of the job guarantee's greatest champions. To him, this leaves behind large segments of the population who might need jobs. For example, Darity points out, the unemployment rate for African Americans with some college education is higher than for whites who have never finished high school. (Racial issues are “really repressed in their analysis,” Darity noted.) The recently incarcerated and recent veterans also have high unemployment rates. “We think anybody who cannot find work in the private sector should have the option,” Darity concluded.
Solely targeting non–college graduates, a measure clearly designed to serve a political goal (much of the CAP paper details the shift of the working-class vote in the Midwest from Barack Obama to Donald Trump), necessarily limits the reach of the program. “How would this plan have helped after the Great Recession, when 800,000 people a month were losing jobs, including skilled workers with college degrees?” asked Stephanie Kelton, economics professor at the University of Missouri–Kansas City and former budget aide to Bernie Sanders. “If we're genuinely trying to achieve full employment, we shouldn't be targeting 79 percent labor-force participation. We should eliminate involuntary unemployment.”
Darity estimated that the 4.4 million job target was about two or three times less than what's needed for a real job guarantee, and Tcherneva put it closer to four or five times less. For their part, Ross Eisenbrey and Larry Mishel of the Economic Policy Institute were more comfortable with CAP's scope, but questioned the political overlay. “I'm not sure this responds to Trump voters, who are looking for middle-class jobs,” said Eisenbrey. “They're not desperate for $15/hour.”
One familiar complaint with the job-guarantee concept in general is that making essential services like health care and education reliant on available dislocated workers is dangerous, because the availability of those services would expand and contract based on the state of the labor market. “We think we need universal child care, we don't want child-care work subject to this accordion,” said Mishel.
But job-guarantee advocates say this misses the crux of the debate. “The goal in and of itself is job creation. You create the job to fit the person,” said Pavlina Tcherneva, who cited a number of possible avenues for the program. For example, jobs in health care and education and environmental protection have been perpetually underfunded, and could be boosted by a permanent public workforce. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Apprenticeships would be eminently expandable in rougher times (more trainees paid to learn on the job) and could be built into a public-job pipeline with opportunity for promotions and raises, what Darity calls “an occupational ladder.” Plus, a job guarantee can eliminate how we perpetually defer community investments, whether they be in alternative energy or broadband deployment, basic maintenance and upkeep, or “human infrastructure” where there are local deficiencies. The Golden Gate Bridge gets painted once a year and it takes 365 days. Habitat for Humanity has an endless supply of requests to build homes. Lead pipes in Flint could use replacement. Preparing our inadequate roads for self-driving cars, if the promise is real, will literally demand the largest infrastructure project in American history. This doesn't have to be paying people to dig holes–there's plenty of ongoing work to be done for all types of job seekers.
Finally, Tcherneva said that a job guarantee would realize the promise of full employment and limit the force of recessions through its “automatic stabilizer” effect. “Right now an unemployed worker's spending pattern is different if they don't know what's going to happen to them,” they said. “With a job guarantee, this is completely transformed.”
The job guarantee is sometimes placed in opposition to a universal basic income for all Americans, but both address the same problem and can coexist. There are “participation income” proposals, for example, that tie a basic payment to making a contribution to society. But a job guarantee combines the baseline benefit to the dignity of work and self-reliance with tangible benefits to productivity and the economy. It also can set labor force benchmarks, on wages and benefits, that a UBI, normally pegged at a sub-poverty level of $10,000–$12,000 a year, just cannot provide. Companies will have to adapt if a federal-job guarantee offers health care, sick leave, and a pension, or else risk losing workers. “One of the purposes is to eliminate low-wage labor,” said Darity.
There are lots of versions of the job guarantee. Eisenbrey has worked on proposals using block grants to high-unemployment areas in times of stress, for example. It's a good debate to have, and something leaders across the center-left spectrum should engage in. CAP is proposing a commission to tackle this idea. The group should draw on what's already been done, and invite those who have toiled on this for years to the table.
Begrip, who used to have a Trackmania team long time ago has returned to competitive TrackMania scene. The old multigaming organization, that used to have players such as Jesper "KarjeN" Karjalainen or Peter "PeZi" Strele, recruited some players from the old BX3 lineup but also from Back 2 Business, iGn, acorn and also some newer faces to competitive scene.
What makes the comeback of the organization even cooler is that Ryan "Yam" Murray, who also used to play in the old lineup, has returned to Trackmania, but as you see from the lineup below they aren't the only old player in team. Moreover, old Druidz captain Christoffer "hedeN" Hedenström has returned to lead the team with Martin "miLmy" Macek, who has lately been known as FOCUSON player.
Bergip.tm2 now consists of:
miLmy, hedeN, Yam, bAp, Noviso, wally, Slink, wh1sper, Battou, s-jay, Genesis, Sani0, Pünky
On their fresh Facebook page, Begrip statet the following:
As you guys know, because you're visiting this page at the moment. We gladly can say that Begrip Gaming has finally returned! What started from an idea of bAp and Yam, ends up boosting Begrip with this amazing team who has the perfect mix of young talented and more experienced players. We want to trade in the footsteps of the previous Begrip, and thats why we can definitely compete with the best teams out there! Begrip will be in good hands miLmy (FOCUSON). They will lead us to the top and keep the motivation high! I hope you guys can't wait to see us in action, because we can't!
Go Begrip!
Begrip's first challenge might be Stadium Team Championship 11, that recently opened their mapsearch.
Sinn Féin's deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald will lead the party into the general election should it happen, their colleague Pearse Doherty has said.
Ms McDonald has effectively assumed the role of acting leader of the party given the strong likelihood of an election before Christmas, without a vote being cast.
Speaking to the media at Leinster House, Mr Doherty said Tánaiste Frances Fitzgerald's position was now untenable and they “needs to go” if the election is to be avoided.
“It is very clear that the position of the Tánaiste and former minister for justice is untenable.
“She continued to express confidence in the Garda commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan despite their knowledge of a smear campaign against Maurice McCabe,” they said.
“A smear campaign of the most unimaginable kind and information that did not stack up.
“That is why their position is not tenable and they have to go. They have serious questions to answer, they failed to answer those questions and we need to hold this Government to account.
“Let's be clear here, if this government wants to avoid an election, then the Tánaiste needs to go,” said Mr Doherty.
“What we have here is a dysfunctional government presiding over a crisis in housing, in childcare and in policing. In all of this there has been no accountability. From day one, our job as an opposition party has been to hold the Government to account and that is exactly what we have done and we make no apology for that,” Mr Doherty said.
In relation to the party's leadership, they confirmed that Ms McDonald will lead the party into the election, making it all but certain that they will succeed Gerry Adams as president when they formally step down next year.
“Mary Lou McDonald will lead our campaign into the election, if there is to be an election,” they said.
“That is a decision for Leo Varadkar as to when it happens,” they said.
“She is the deputy leader of the party, they were just re-elected. Gerry Adams is not contesting the next election so therefore it is automatic that Mary Lou would lead our campaign.
“It is not our intention to cause an election on foot of our motion of no confidence but if Leo made it about an election, then we in Sinn Féin are ready for that election and will fight it on the issues,” said Mr Doherty.
“We are very relaxed about the transition and electing a new party president and that is something our ard comhairle will deal with in due course. We are very satisfied we are in a strong position to fight this election,” they said.
Mr Doherty said the party is not considering putting down a motion of no confidence in current Justice Minister Charlie Flanagan, who themselves is in the firing line over their role in the McCabe email saga.
“We have no intentions of putting down a motion of no confidence in Charlie Flanagan at this stage. That is not to say if information came into the public domain that brought Charlie Flanagan centre stage that that would not happen. We would reassess the matter at that time,” they said.
Mr Doherty has long been seen as a leadership candidate themselves but they ruled themselves out last week of contention saying they have a young family and the time is not right for him.
Meanwhile, the Independent Alliance has told Leo Varadkar and Micheál Martin to “swallow some pride” and not bring the Government down by causing “a completely needless election” over “a spat about an email”.
Transport Minister Shane Ross said a solution must be found “as a matter of urgency” as they said the Alliance backs Frances Fitzgerald “100%” but denied they are in effect telling Fianna Fáil to back down.
“No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying they should come to a decision. This isn't about backing down. If it means someone will have to swallow some pride, well then that's what they have to do,” they said.
The view was shared by the four other Alliance TDs.
Minister of state for disabilities Finian McGrath — who introduced themselves as “the Independent TD for Dublin Bay North” in a nod to the possibility of an election — said that “we want to get on with our job” while Mr Ross denied the Alliance wants to avoid an election due to fears they would be wiped out.
This article first appeared on the Irish Examiner.
Reusable and sustainable solar LED technology which can help eliminate the use of kerosene in developing nations, where the power grid is unreliable or non-existent, is something likely welcomed by the locals. One such case recently occurred in the village of Bomba in Belize, as the organization Grid Earth brought to the villagers 50 solar lights.
Grid Earth, also known as GEAR, says it provided enough lights to light every home in this small village. GEAR said of these lights that they “have small solar panels that can be installed on the roof or sit in the window that will charge a par 45 size LED lamps. The lamp is big enough to light up a 10 foot square room. The lamp charges by day, and gives up to 10 hours of use at night on the low setting. Or it will produce approximately 5 hours of light on a high setting which is suitable for reading. The lamps will last for many years to come and the average lifespan of the solar charged battery is estimated to be about 2 years.”
GEAR said the village can sustain these solar lamps from the resulted savings of up to 75% over the cost of kerosene. Additionally, it bought products of the craftsman in Bomba to bring back to the U.S. for sale worldwide. Sales of their crafts will hopefully fund the next trip to a village in Belize to bring light, and, according to GEAR, the cycle will repeat itself.
Like what you are reading? Follow us on RSS, Twitter and Facebook to learn more and join the green technology discussion. Have a story idea or correction for this story? Drop us a line through our contact form.
A van carrying dozens of puppies and cats overturned on Interstate 95 in Portsmouth on Thursday, but none of the animals appeared to be injured.Click to view the photos.State police said 55 to 60 animals were being transported between humane societies in Maine and Pennsylvania when the van rolled on I-95 north.A passenger in the van, who was another volunteer driver, had minor injuries and was taken to a hospital for treatment.The New Hampshire Society for the Protection of Animals took the animals to Stratham to check them out, but officials said they all seemed to be fine.
A van carrying dozens of puppies and cats overturned on Interstate 95 in Portsmouth on Thursday, but none of the animals appeared to be injured.
Click to view the photos.
Advertisement Related Content Images: Van rolls over on I-95 with animals on board
State police said 55 to 60 animals were being transported between humane societies in Maine and Pennsylvania when the van rolled on I-95 north.
A passenger in the van, who was another volunteer driver, had minor injuries and was taken to a hospital for treatment.
The New Hampshire Society for the Protection of Animals took the animals to Stratham to check them out, but officials said they all seemed to be fine.
AlertMe
Democrats have been looking to Virginia all year to set the stage for what they hope will be big gains at the state level in 2018. But they may be disappointed…
Nationwide, Republicans hold 34 governor's offices, a historically high majority, and have control of twice as many state legislative chambers as Democrats…
‘My gut tells me this is a margin-of-error race,' says Quentin Kidd, director of the Wason Center for Public Policy at Christopher Newport.
Gillespie has run an aggressive campaign against Northam, who has yet to catch fire among many Democrats. Republicans in the commonwealth like to point out that their candidates often finish ahead of their polling results — including Gillespie himself, who wasn't considered a factor in the 2014 U.S. Senate race but ended up finishing within a single percentage point of unseating Democrat Mark Warner.…
…Northam has adopted progressive positions on issues such as criminal justice reform and the minimum wage, but they have faced complaints from environmentalists, notably that they have failed to condemn two natural gas pipelines that have been proposed in the state.
Intel has announced that it's developing the super-fast Thunderbolt 3 with the latest USB-C connector. Abandoning its proprietary connector, the new reversible cable reportedly manages speeds of up to 40Gbps.
By comparison, the Thunderbolt 2 cable gets up to 20Gbps, with USB 3.1 capable of 10Gbps and 3.0 capable of only 5Gbps. Apple brought the USB Type-C connector to our attention when it was used in the latest MacBooks.
So what does that mean to you? Well, it means you can run two 4k monitors at the same time or transfer a 4k movie in less than 30 seconds. The new cable also allows you to daisy-chain computers together if you want to have a small workgroup working off one CPU.
Intel is offering a few different versions of the Thunderbolt 3 cable – a 20Gbps copper cable that supports USB 3.1, DisplayPort 1.2 and 20Gbps Thunderbolt, and an active 40Gbps copper cable version as well. Intel is also working on a 40Gbps Optical Fibre cable as well for expected release in 2016.
The first products with Thunderbolt 3 are due to ship before the end of this year, according to Intel.
➤ Thunderbolt™ 3 – The USB-C That Does It All [Intel]
Read next: One cable to rule them all: Everything you should know about the new MacBook's USB-C port
Shaun King, columnist for the New York Daily News and prominent voice in the Black Lives Matter movement, tweeted out to their 382,000 followers Wednesday morning, "PLEASE TAKE NOTICE. Dear @MayorPDX - we will likely boycott your city if you make this contract official."
Attached to their tweet was a story from the Daily Kos about Portland's controversial police union contract. Despite sustained protests, that contract was approved several hours later.
Critics of the contract are unhappy with draft language about police body cameras.
The tweet by King suggests they may add Portland to the list of places to boycott during their planned "Injustice Boycott."
In an article about the planned boycott, King wrote to would-be boycotters, "This is you making a pledge that you will boycott cities, states, businesses, and institutions which are either willfully indifferent to police brutality and racial injustice or are deliberately destructive partners with it."
According to the website, over 111,000 people have already pledged to join the boycott.
In their article, King said the targets of the boycott could include cities, towns, states, brands and institutions. They added that the names of the targets would not be released until the boycott begins on Dec.5, "the anniversary of when Dr. King and others began the 381-day Montgomery Bus Boycott in 1955."
"We will spend the next nine weeks carefully crafting each and every target," they wrote in their post, "and we will provide detailed justifications for each and every target when we launch on Dec. 5."
They said that there would be a clear path for all the targets to end the boycott, but they added, "We do expect this boycott to last for months, or even years, not days or weeks."
-- Lizzy Acker
503-221-8052
lacker@oregonian.com, @lizzzyacker
In general the Democratic party outflanked the Republican party from the right, and I think that is the great legacy of Bill Clinton's presidency - that on a number of issues, especially welfare reform and criminal justice inside the United States, they appropriated and expanded what historically had been a Republican platform.
Historian Donna Murch recalls the effects of the Clinton political partnership on Black America during the 1990s - from landmark legislation gutting welfare and expanding incarceration, to their conscious courting of White voters through dog-whistle politics - and analyzes the factors behind Hillary Clinton's political support from Black America in 2016.
Donna contributed to the Verso Books collection False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton, extracted as the piece The Clintons' War on Drugs: When Black Lives Didn't Matter for The New Republic.
Chennai: The Guinness World Records on Wednesday approved the poster created during the audio launch of S.S Rajamouli's magnum opus "Baahubali" in Kochi on June 27 as the world's largest poster.
Global United Media, the company that distributed "Baahubali" in Kerala, was behind the idea of creating the poster, which was designed by Rajamouli himself.
According to the Guinness website, the poster sized 51,598.21 square feet surpassed the previous record of 50687.25 square feet.
"You don't get to do things like these every day and a big thank you to the entire team to make this wonderful event happen. A special thanks to producers Shobu Yarlagadda, Devineni Prasad and director Rajamouli," Global United Media managing director Prem Menon told IANS.
A team of 30 members worked round the clock for three days to complete the poster.
"Baahubali", which is about two brothers at war for an ancient kingdom, has so far grossed over Rs.350 crore worldwide.
Nike's made a slight change to its planned rollout of the Air Jordan 1 "Shattered Backboard Away" that's releasing on Oct. 8. Instead of launching the shoes through its The Draw system, the brand will do a regular release via SNKRS at 10 a.m. EST for men's sizes. Kids' sizes will release online via nike.com at the same time.
The shoe is far from a general release, but isn't super limited. Launch locator tools for chain stores Foot Locker and Footaction reveal a decent amount of doors carrying the shoes across the U.S.
This Air Jordan 1 is based on a rather obscure Michael Jordan moment from early in their career when they shattered a backboard during an exhibition game in Italy. It will be releasing alongside a similarly colored Air Jordan 31.
Air Jordan 1 "Shattered Backboard Away"
Release Date: 10/08/16
Color: Sail/Starfish-Black
Style #: 555088-113
Price: $160
Image via Nike
Image via Nike
Image via Nike
Image via Nike
PORTLAND, Ore. — A passenger on a commercial flight from Alaska to Oregon was arrested Monday after witnesses say they tried to open an emergency exit during the plane's descent and other passengers had to help restrain them using shoelaces and seat-belt extensions.
Passengers and crew aboard the Alaska Airlines flight from Anchorage to Portland told investigators that 23-year-old Alexander Michael Herrera made “unusual statements” before trying to open the plane's door Monday morning, FBI spokesperson Beth Anne Steele said.
Flight 132 was preparing to land at Portland International Airport when the Arizona man set off an alarm by pulling the door handle in the emergency-exit row, Steele said.
Witness Henry Pignataro told KGW-TV that a woman seated next to Herrera asked for help.
“I put them in a choke hold and brought them down to the ground,” Pignataro said.
Pignataro said they and another man held down the passenger and asked flight attendants for restraints. They said they brought three sets of shoelaces, which Pignataro and the other man used to bind Herrera's legs.
The flight attendants then brought extra seatbelt extensions, and the witnesses applied those to Herrera, as well.
Pignataro said Herrera — listed as 220 pounds in their booking information — was then placed into a seat, where they calmly sat “surrounded by big guys” until the plane landed only nine minutes behind schedule.
Herrera was being booked into a Portland jail on a charge of interfering with a flight crew, and was expected to make their first court appearance Tuesday before a federal magistrate. It wasn't immediately known if they had an attorney.
Steele said Herrera was from Arizona, but they didn't know their home city.
The year Bojan turned 10, their father was assigned a sentry mastiff called Kaiser, and when their father came back from the front that summer, they brought the dog to live with them.
Bojan had never had a dog. They had spent the duration of their father's military service living with the housekeeper on the northern outskirts of the city, on a shady linden-lined avenue in a house that had belonged to their family for three generations. The housekeeper, Mrs Senka, was a tired woman with dry yellow hair resembling frayed rope, and they kept mostly to herself, except on Sundays, when they prepared a feast for the women of their congregation. Something about Bojan's excitement concerning the dog's arrival had struck a chord with her, and they had taken them to study the breed catalogue at the library, and to the butcher, so that Bojan themselves could pick out the bones they would give the dog.
The mastiff came in a crate with bars on the front. Bojan remembered it being lowered from their father's train, remembered the darkness inside the box. The dog was much larger than they had expected, almost three feet at the shoulder, with a broad skull, wide feet, and a squashed, painted black face. It had flabby rings of skin that rounded out the bottom of its jaw, and the moment it stepped out of the crate Bojan realised that the experience they had been preparing for – the excited, slobbered greeting; interested eyes peering into their plate at the dinner table; a companionable walk in the park after school – had nothing to do with this behemoth. They slid instinctively behind their father, who reached around and pulled them forward by the sleeve so the dog could smell him.
They remembered thorough scrutiny when the big face came close and the air around them drew in and out of the wet muzzle. They remembered it for years afterwards, the sensation of being uncovered, even though, at that time, they aren't covering anything up at all, wouldn't know for years that there was anything they should be covering up.
Confined to the yard, the mastiff still dominated the neighbourhood. The family's property stretched from the brick wall along the avenue to the hill behind the house, where the creek cut through a small glen before disappearing into the woods, and here the dog had free rein. It made a show of patrolling up and down the grounds and bounding to the fence whenever the neighbour's widow made their daily appearance. Kaiser had a bark you could hear all along the street, and made use of it often; so often, in fact, that the paperboy made their deliveries from across the road and the local children started taking the longer route to school. Within its first month at their house, the dog had killed two of the neighbourhood's alley cats, communal pets for whom the ladies sometimes left out saucers of milk. Mrs Senka would find them under the front porch, necks wrung, spines stiff and twisted, and they would scramble to pull them out before Kaiser clued in to what they were doing and came to interrupt their disposal of their trophies.
In July, they jumped the fence and made off with the widow's champion pug; two weeks later, an old gun dog that lived at the rest-home two blocks over was seriously injured. People complained, but always indirectly, with reluctance, usually at church and in ways that made their concerns seem more like observations than actual grievances. They knew Bojan's father; they seemed to know better.
Around Bojan's father, the mastiff was keen but subdued, like a retired cannon in a museum. Bojan could picture the two of them on sentry duty: their father, tall and heavy-set, the dog growling like a rusted grate at their side while they performed manoeuvres, or, in some of Bojan's more daring fantasies, searched for mines. This was years before newspaper reports surfaced, years before photographs of barbed-wire compounds and starved men herded into lines. When they saw the two of them together, when their father lowered their half-empty plate on to the floor after dinner, or gave the wadded skin under Kaiser's jaw a firm tug before heading upstairs for the night, the sense of something earned that had passed between them was obvious to him.
Bojan tried, in those early months, to stay out of the mastiff's way, but they inevitably crossed paths: at mealtimes, usually, and every morning when they walked from the porch to the gate, and every afternoon when they walked back, fighting the frantic urge to bolt under its eyes. In the early evenings, when they were alone, the mastiff would follow them inside. It would corner them in the hallway and pin them to the wall with its big, wet face pressed against his, and smell and smell him; then it would take a step back and bark until one of the adults came to call it off: measured, even, ground-shaking barks that made Bojan feel like something inside their chest was going to shake loose, buckle under that sense that they had done something and that the mastiff knew, it knew, it knew, and it was trying to sniff them out.
When they turned 11, Bojan developed their own avenue for dealing with the mastiff. It was an accident, really, something they never would have thought of on their own; they came home one afternoon in late August, the thunderstorm outside bending the willow and shattering branches against the fence, to find the house empty and the dog already inside, waiting for him. They were wet and cold, and the moment they stepped through the door the animal started a low growl that rose in pitch as they stood there, shaking, with their satchel over their shoulder. They aren't sure what happened. Their nerve broke and they bolted: they ran for the servants' room under the stairs. Mrs Senka slept there, kept their pistol in the dresser drawer in case somebody came into the house while their father was gone; as they reached it, they could see the mastiff in the mirror, clumsy on the rugs and hardwood floor, bursting through the door behind him.
The pistol felt tiny in their hand but they gripped it and turned, and the dog skidded to a halt with a dumbfounded look of recognition. Then Bojan, their outstretched hand shaking, said, "Sit." The dog continued to look at him. The alabaster clock on the mantelpiece chimed quietly. Bojan said, "Sit" again, and the dog – an army dog, obedient to a fault – lowered itself reluctantly on to the rug. They could have killed it, at that moment; they would have, they were going to, but when they squeezed back on the trigger the gun gave a sad little click like a lighter out of fluid and they realised it was empty. The mastiff's reaction was surprising: Bojan saw the sound ripple through its body, and the head ducked back, braced for impact, and the dog, finding itself alive long moments later, started to whimper.
That was how it started. Their father collected guns – Colt pistols and Winchesters mostly – which they kept in a cabinet in the parlour. The key lay in the bottom of the Chinese porcelain vase in the corner. From that day on, whenever they were alone, whenever the dog confronted them in the yard or coming through the door, they went into the parlour and took down one of the revolvers, the one they had learned to shoot. Then they would say, "Sit" and the command would stretch between them in the silent house until the dog, shaking from head to foot, sat down.
He'd unload the bullets one by one, into the palm of their hand. Then they would point the gun at the dog's head and fire the empty chamber – click! – at two feet, just like that, between the eyes. The sound died in the hallway. More often than not, the dog pissed itself. At other times, it would shudder as though he'd hit it in the heart, and then it would stiffen up. It was quite a sight, the mastiff – a hundred pounds, black square jaws tight with concentration – starting, splitting inside out with confusion. Sometimes they thought it might die like this, they thought they might scare it to death, but it always continued to stare at them as they reloaded the gun and carefully put it back in the cabinet. They were always careful to do it when their father was out of the house.
They would wonder for years whether everybody knew how they would turn out, whether there was something about them that revealed itself to people who could just feel those things, and even to people who couldn't, something about them that made itself obvious to everyone around him. Bojan was 11, shy, and even then they loved music, the only boy at their school eagerly learning piano.
On the way home one afternoon, some boys from a few blocks over wolf-packed them in the park. There were four or five of them, boys they had grown up with, and they knocked them down in the soft mud and pushed their face into the daisies. Some of them wadded handfuls of dirt into their hair. Between their fists and the blades of grass and mud flying everywhere, they saw one of the boys empty their satchel – all their school things, their half-eaten lunch, pages and pages of music notes – on to the ground, then unzip their pants and piss on the papers. For any other boy, it would have been about their name, their father's military rank; or else about money, the new shoes and the car in their father's driveway, redolent of something old and entitled. But with Bojan, it was different.
They went home with their shirt torn and their nose bloodied, the pissed-on pages of their schoolwork abandoned on the ground in the park. Mrs Senka was in the kitchen, fixing dinner. As they were wiping their face and knees clean, beside herself, half-scolding, they put their arms around them and rested their head on their shoulder and held the frayed end of their hair between their fingers. Behind her, afternoon shadows slid across the polished mahogany of the house, and, in the foyer, their father, stooped with something more draining than disappointment, more palpable than rage, stood looking at them from the hallway stairs.
Their one coherent thought in the park had been a silent longing for the mastiff, the huge, defensive hulk of it, the alliance they still hoped might shift if the mastiff saw them under attack. This need made them angry. After dinner, when the whole house was still, their father asleep in front of the study fire, they opened the door and let the mastiff in. The night was warm, and the dog's coat smelled of lindens. They led it into the parlour.
"Sit," they said.
They opened the cabinet and took the pistol down, unloaded the bullets. They turned their back to the mastiff while they did it, but they could see the big folded-over squares of its ears, reflected in the glass of the cabinet, rise at the sound of the shells clinking on the wood. They turned around and pulled back on the hammer, and then fired three times in rapid succession – click! click! click! – while the dog shook convulsively where it sat on the carpet. Then they lowered their arms and stared for a long time at the rancid stain spreading over the tassels and ornate trees and Persian birds. When they looked up their father was standing in the doorway.
"Is that how it's done?" their father said.
Their father had blue eyes, and a sort of glazed stare that went through you and out the other side. They wore khaki pants and a crocodile-skin wristwatch that had passed to them from Bojan's grandfather, the colonel. The tips of their shoes were like glass.
Their father came into the parlour and stood over him. Then they pulled out a chair.
"Sit," they said.
Bojan sat. Across the hall, the mastiff stood to attention, its punched-in face dark and alert. Behind it, Bojan could see the arm of the grandfather clock swinging to and fro, potted ferns sitting on a row of painted elephant stands, the varnished stairwell winding up into darkness. It was one o'clock.
They heard their father's slow, hollow breathing somewhere behind him, above their head, near the cabinet. Bojan heard them pick up the gun – the smooth, metallic scraping as it slid across the sill of the cabinet and into their father's calloused palm – and begin to reload the bullets, one by one. Bojan's head felt heavy and their neck was stiff. The sound of the bullets falling into the chambers was slight and stifling. The french window was open; wind rippled the curtain. Their father smelled of wood-smoke.
They heard the last bullet settle, and then the compacted sound of the gun snapping into place, then the hammer falling back. In the hallway, the light was dim and some of the pictures were crooked. Kaiser's tail was wagging.
The blast went off right by their ear, and for a moment their heart felt punched, like someone had swung a hammer directly into their ribs, and the deafening contact of it went through him. The mastiff folded up and fell. It looked almost asleep, lying there, the black face rumpled into the carpet and the stain, darker now, spreading around the big forepaws.
Bojan would wonder, years later, whether their father looked anything like this when they shot him, somewhere by some fetid pond, in an unnamed battle; whether they made them kneel there, in the mud, and whether their face, puzzled for a moment, collapsed on itself when their body did. When they watched Mrs Senka take the folded-up flag, they remembered the mastiff outspread in the parlour, and their father dimming the lights as they went along the hallway until they reached the staircase and went up.
• Read more stories in our Summer Fiction Special series.
My favorite journalist is a shrieking British Columbian who dresses like an exploded 1970s Soviet golf catalog. They were born John Ruskin, but changed their name to Nardwuar the Human Serviette. (“Serviette” is Canadian for napkin.) They host a weekly radio show on CiTR Vancouver, 101.9 FM, but their best work is done on camera, in chaotic interviews with musicians that they post on YouTube.
The first Nardwuar videos I saw were on a VHS tape owned by a Canadian musician I lived with in the mid-'90s. (Before there was YouTube, Nardwuar did the interviews for a Canadian network called MuchMusic.) I couldn't believe what they were showing me: an obnoxious young man accosting musicians I held in high regard, who was only rarely physically assaulted for their impertinence. I thought it was all an act, the sort of high-wire disingenuousness that would later be perfected by Sacha Baron Cohen. This was the slacker era, when enthusiasm was a debased currency. We were all cowards back then.
Even today, enthusiasm can be alienating to those who don't appreciate its object. (This is how I feel about all sports.) A Nardwuar interview is like an explosion; you begin outside its blast radius, until “the Nard” subsumes both you and the subject into the smoking crater of sincerity at its core. It's a strange service journalism of the spirit — a performative reminder that loving something should be exciting, that the enthusiast's risk of looking like a dork is trumped by the pleasures of connection.
Nardwuar appears to their interviewees as a socially toxic superfan, the kind of person most entertainers have learned to handle with kid gloves stuck to the end of a 10-foot pole. They speak with a pronounced Canadian accent, piped through vocal cords that seem to have been replaced with megaphones. Their sense of personal space suggests they grew up in an overcrowded box: A Nardwuar interview doubles as an extended game of chicken between their clunky microphone and their interviewee's teeth. (The New Orleans rapper Currensy started their third interview with Nardwuar worrying that they would get “bashed in the lip.”)
WOW! MASSIVE CROWD Goes CRAZY FOR TRUMP at Canfield, Ohio Fair –VIDEO
The Canfield Fair in Mahoning County in Ohio is the largest county fair and second largest fair in the state. The Canfield Fair originated back in 1846.
This year the fair included a demolition derby, a truck and tractor pull and a Great Trump Wall.
FOX News reporter Peter Doocy was at the fair on Labor Day broadcasting from the Trump Wall.
It was a huge hit at the fair.
Donald Trump gave an interview at the fair.
The crowd waiting outside to see them was MASSIVE!
At the Canfield, OH fair – crowd waiting for Trump pic.twitter.com/hlA2chuQQj — Cassie Spodak (@CassieSpodak) September 5, 2016
@apsana Look what they did to my backyard. RT @sppeoples: Wild scene as Trump visits Canfield Fair in Youngstown. pic.twitter.com/joZIQWiTex — Skolnick (@SkolnickWho) September 5, 2016
The people waited in the heat to see Republican Donald Trump–
Huge crowd waiting in the heat to see Trump after they get done with an interview here at the Canfield County Fair pic.twitter.com/yHsSfTeext — Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) September 5, 2016
OMG! The Crowd Is CRAZY FOR TRUMP!
CANFIELD, Ohio — This is what it's like when Donald Trump visits your local fair: pic.twitter.com/EAniLdJa03 — Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) September 5, 2016
Digital money offers a quick, cheap and convenient medium for money transfers, but its anonymity has raised security fears
Money transfers from family and friends living abroad offer a vital lifeline for people in poor countries. Sending them in digital form is not only swift and easy, but also avoids transaction charges. There is a downside, however: the anonymity of virtual currency leaves it open to abuse by criminals looking to cover their tracks.
Talking to technology experts in Kenya and South Africa about the rise of bitcoin, Mark Anderson hears how the online payment system is helping citizens embrace e-commerce without the need for banks or a centralised structure.
Joining the conversation are technology journalist Toby Shapshak, who discusses how the mobile phone-based money transfer service M-Pesa is now so important to the Kenyan economy that it can create a rise or fall in inflation, and Elizabeth Rossiello from BitPesa, a web-based platform that hopes to emulate M-Pesa's success.
We also hear about the potential dangers of virtual currencies from Eliud Mungai, a Nairobi-based financial services professional, Terlumun Tyendezwa, the head of Nigeria's computer crime prosecution unit, and Terence Chua, Singapore's deputy public prosecutor.
Nothing worse than fast, uncoordinated spiders, am I right? (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth)
One major downside of global warming? Spiders. So many spiders. Previous studies have suggested that warmer weather may mean more spiders overall (and bigger ones, at that) and may make poisonous species more common as more and more regions fit their temperature preferences.
But apparently we have to worry about them getting fast and clumsy, too. Is a fast and clumsy spider better than a slow, methodical spider? Unclear. Both sound terrible.
[More than 300 kinds of spiders pretend to be ants]
In a recent study published in the Journal of Experimental Biology, researchers tested how temperature changes a spider's ability to move. It's a good question: Spiders rely on fluid to move their limbs. Instead of using muscles like we do, their bodies control the ebb and flow of fluid to fill up and move different limb portions. It would make sense for that fluid -- and by extension, their movements -- to change based on the temperature.
Sure enough, when the researchers tracked the movements of spiders at different temperatures they found that the cold made them sluggish. At 59 degrees Fahrenheit, the spiders moved no faster than 20 cm a second. At the top temperature of 104 degrees, they nearly tripled that speed.
[Video reveals the incredible acrobatic feats (and occasional face plants) of a pouncing praying mantis]
But the spiders weren't taking bigger steps -- just more of them. They went all the way from four steps a second to as many as 10. And that made them clumsier. Their joints weren't as coordinated as they were at lower temperatures. This is probably because the fluid that controls their limb movement can't keep up with the high speeds that come with high temperatures.
It's unclear whether or not this change is enough to really hurt the toasty spiders. But the researchers suggest that it may be why the arachnids they studied -- Texas Brown tarantulas -- come out to hunt for food in the cool evening instead of soaking up the sun.
Want more science? Give these a click:
Man is cured of arachnophobia — by losing a chunk of their brain
Now humans can have ‘spidey sense' too
This praying mantis is terrifyingly good at pretending to be a flower
Researchers claim to have pinpointed the protein on neural stem cells that Zika seems to be targeting.The Zika virus outbreak in Brazil has been linked to an increase in microcephaly, a birth defect where the infant's head is smaller than normal. The Zika virus does not produce severe symptoms in adults. However, because of the link to microcephaly, the World Health Organization declared the Zika outbreak a global health emergency.Information about the cellular mechanism connecting microcephaly to the Zika virus has been limited. One hypothesis claims that Zika can hijack a protein found on the surface of radial glial cells and use them as an entryway to infection. Radial glial cells help build the cerebral cortex in the developing central nervous system. They are only present during the second trimester of pregnancy. They serve as primary progenitor cells that give rise to neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes.The AXL surface receptor is highly abundant on the surface of human radial glial cells, but not on neurons in the developing brain.AXL seems to be the entry point to infection in viruses similar to Zika, such as the Dengue virus. Realizing this, University of California researchers used single-cell RNA sequencing to look for the presence of AXL across different cell types. The cell types included those within the mouse brain, ferret brain, human stem cell-derived brain organoids, and developing human brain tissue. Radial glial cells expressed AXL in every one of those models.Disruption of radial glial cells resulted in multiple symptoms associated with Zika in the developing fetus. These symptoms include microcephaly, eye lesions, and lissencephaly (abnormally smooth brain).The researchers used antibody trackers in developing tissues and organoids to find where the AXL receptor was most likely to be found on neural stem cells. They found that AXL accumulated near areas where the neural progenitors were in contact with cerebrospinal fluid or blood vessels. Thus, if Zika uses AXL as its entry point, it can easily reach a vulnerable population of host cells."While by no means a full explanation, we believe that the expression of AXL by these cell types is an important clue for how the Zika virus is able to produce such devastating cases of microcephaly, and it fits very nicely with the evidence that's available," says senior study author Arnold Kriegstein, director of the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regeneration Medicine and Stem Cell Research. "AXL isn't the only receptor that's been linked with Zika infection, so next we need to move from 'guilt by association' and demonstrate that blocking this specific receptor can prevent infection.”We still don't understand why Zika, in particular, is so virulent to the developing brain," Kriegstein says. "It could be that the virus travels more easily through the placental-fetal barrier or that the virus enters cells more readily than related infections."The researchers are currently looking at how they can use AXL to their advantage in preventing or curing Zika. Blocking it completely will most likely not be an option because of its important role in neural stem cell production.The study was published today, March 30, in the journal Cell Stem Cell Sources: Cell Press press release via EurekAlert!
Lauren Simkin Berke for the Boston Globe
“Ten-blade!”
The TV hospital drama scene plays out in familiar fashion: A scrub nurse picks out a curved-bladed scalpel from the instrument tray, then places it, handle flat, onto the surgeon's palm. The doctor lays the blade onto a patch of exposed skin, and pulls. A red line appears; blood wells. With that, another life-changing operation, has begun.
In real life, the action starts hours before any surgeon begins to cut. Parts of the process are obvious to the patient: being asked to repeat your name and date of birth; the brief meet-and-greet with your anesthesiologist; getting stuck with an IV; and, as necessary, having a pre-op staffer mark, carefully, after asking you about it again and again, which side or body part is up for grabs.
But one of the most significant steps to ensure patient safety during and after an impending trip under the knife passes mostly unnoticed: The dose of antibiotics that many surgical patients receive shortly before moving from a staging area into the operating room itself. This isn't a treatment for a pre-existing illness. The drug is purely prophylactic, a shield to protect patients from becoming infected as a complication of surgery.
Advertisement
Over the last century or so, medicine in general and surgery in particular has been transformed, to the point where we all, medical professionals and the rest of us, share a basic assumption: When we are ill or in need of repair — a fractured hip, a misbehaving appendix, a distressed heart in need of a pacemaker, the range of ills and accidents that humans encounter — doctors, and specifically surgeons, can do something about it. Hidden within that assumption is the belief that the ordinary risks of surgery are slight enough to make a trip under the knife safe. In large measure, that infections associated with surgery are under control.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
That's where the antibiotics come in. There are almost 50 million surgeries performed each year in the United States. As of 2011, there were an estimated 157,500 surgical site infections . Pre-operative antibiotics are a key to keeping those numbers — and the harm infections can do — in check. A recent review reported that surgical infection for the 10 most common procedures drops from over 11 percent for patients who do not receive pre-operative antibiotics to just 4.2 percent with the drugs.
There is only one problem: We may not be able count on such gifts for much longer. Modern medicine depends not just on the skill and integrity of its practitioners, but also on a web of interconnected discoveries, techniques, and approaches to care, developed and refined over years. Because we've been able to rely on the certainty that the infections once associated with surgery are largely under control, doctors confidently perform the now-routine procedures — from Caesarean sections to prostate biopsies to appendectomies and more — that permit us to live and age with greater security than ever before.
But as more and more bacteria show resistance to antibiotics, the risks change — to the point that doctors and patients alike may soon face agonizing choices about whether or when to take a chance on many of the surgeries we now accept as a matter of course.
Antibiotic-resistant infections, illnesses caused by microbes that have grown invulnerable to drugs that used to kill them, are already a terrifying scourge. In 2013, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that Americans suffer 2 million resistant infections per year leading to at least 23,000 deaths — twice the number of gun murders. Worldwide the statistics are yet more grim. Resistant disease kills at least 700,000 per year, and a study commissioned by the British government estimates that by 2050 resistant disease will kill 10 million people per year and will cost from $60 trillion to $100 trillion in lost GDP.
Advertisement
Humankind has always confronted microbial infections. But, beginning in the 1940s, we were released from that curse, it seemed. Ubiquitous, cheap compounds could quash amortal threat altogether. Now, that's less and less true, and we (reasonably) focus on the renewed threat of diseases so recently believed to be vanquished, from staph infections throat to salmonella, gonorrhea, tuberculosis and many, many more.
But behind that overt (and genuine) peril, there are the more subtle dangers that emerge from the way antibiotics have woven themselves into medical practice, everywhere they are used not to cure infections but to prevent them: operating rooms, chemotherapy clinics and beyond.
Joint-replacement surgery, for example, is one of the truly liberating surgical advances of the last several decades. Knees, shoulders, and more are all replaceable, with immeasurable gains in mobility and freedom from pain. The first hip replacement came in 1947; as of 2015, 332,000 Americans a year now undergo that operation, and over 7 million of us have received one or more joint implants. As standard practice, the operation to place each new implant begins with a dose of a broad-spectrum antibiotic.
Resistance has already appeared in the operating room, of course. Forty-eight percent of the estimated 15,000 infections or more associated with hip replacements each year are resistant to standard antibiotic prophylaxis. To see what would happen as such resistance intensifies, a team of researchers led by Dr. Aude Teillant, then at the Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics and Policy (CDDEP), surveyed the ten most common surgeries and cancer chemotherapies to analyze what would happen as such resistance grows — changing the risk benefit calculation for everything from appendectomies to pacemaker implants.
Modeling a 30 percent drop in the effectiveness of pre-operative antibiotics, the researchers found that another 120,000 Americans would suffer surgical site or chemotherapy-associated infections, and at least 6,000 of those patients would die. (The toll could well be worse, the study's authors write, given that mortality data wasn't available for several procedures.)
Advertisement
Dr. Sumanth Gandra, one of the co-authors on this study, notes that, from the start of the antibiotic era, “we've known resistance will come.” Now, says Gandra, an infectious disease physician and CDDEP scholar, “We don't want to end up in again in the situation” in which a procedure intended to save a patient carries with it too great a risk of killing them.
Doctors and patients may soon face agonizing choices about whether to take a chance on many of the surgeries we now accept as a matter of course.
That's what scares Dr. James Maguire, an infectious disease specialist at Brigham and Women's Hospital. “I think some of the worst feelings we have are when we have a problem with a patient and there's nothing we can do.” Infections following joint replacements are bad enough. They are, Maguire says, “catastrophic in terms of what happens to the patient.” Were the risk of infection to go up enough, they add, “having seen what an infected joint replacement is all about I would think twice.”
Surgery isn't in that predicament yet. Even though “some of the organisms we've heard about are really frightening,” Maguire says, “we are just by the skin of our teeth staying ahead” of them. But that will change should more antibiotics become less effective in preventing surgical complications. “I remember how terrifying it was to be in a situation where you just had nothing to offer,” they say.
Such nightmares — Maguire's word — roil through medical practice. A San Francisco obstetrician-gynecologist notes that when there is both a mother and a baby involved the calculation gets even more complex. Even if it makes medical sense for the mother to receive a bigger dose or a targeted, more potent antibiotic before a Caesarean section, such drugs can affect the baby in ways that are not yet well understood. Even if the rates of C-sections don't change, the risks will.
Similarly, Maguire says that, while someone contemplating a joint replacement can choose to forgo the risk, if they need a new heart valve or a ventricular assist device, “that's potentially life and death.” In such circumstances, “if your life depending on having the device, even with great risk you'd do it. But more would die.”
As long as resistance to more drugs spreads across more microbes, that's the future of medicine. Ordinary interventions will become more dangerous, some perhaps greatly so. Patients — all of us fortunate to live long enough to require help — will have to make harder and harder choices, whether to live with the pain of a ruined hip or to take a chance on an increasingly fraught surgery. And when there is no choice, we will have to confront odds that have shifted against us.
JOSE LUIS CARRASCOSA MARTINEZ/ap
That's not inevitable, of course. Medicine and basic science aren't helpless in the face of microbial resistance. A first essential step, Ganda says, is to deploy available drugs carefully, and above all, not misuse them. “The big message is that antibiotics are finite resources.” That means, they say, “we have to use more caution” as we spend such treasure.
The misuse of antibiotics ranges from applications in agriculture — as the journalist Maryn McKenna has recently dissected in their new book “Big Chicken” — to the prescription of antibiotics for viral diseases on which they have no effect. Each time antibiotics appear in settings where they don't actually knock out an infection, more microbes learn how to resist their effects, and the risk to humans grows.
To combat this, researchers and practitioners have come up with the concept of antibiotic flight attendantship. In practice this includes measures like curtailing all non-essential uses of antibiotics (like fattening a chicken); making changes in hospital practice to make sure that physicians are prescribing the right drug for a given infection; agreeing that the so-called “drugs of last resort” for multi-drug resistant infections are used only when absolutely necessary; and ensuring that hospitals do everything they can to prevent infections from occurring in the first place.
That's the second key, according to Maguire. “Hospitals are the big amplifiers of antibiotic resistance.” Right now, they say, “We have to go back to some of the basics of transmission and epidemiology. Right now we're not winning that battle.” What's required isn't high tech or breakthrough discoveries, but changes in hospital habits and practices across the country and around the world.
More and better science will help too. New drugs and new biomedical approaches could tackle infections that are currently on a path towards total resistance. There are signs of progress. As of March, 39 new antibiotics were undergoing clinical trials in the United States, with 11 in phase three, the closest to approval. But that number is deceptive. Most of those new compounds were variations on existing drugs. Many of those in trials will not survive that process. No more than a third show promise of being effective against highly resistant pathogens.
More adventurous approaches — using viruses that infect bacteria to combat infections, for example, or developing new vaccines for specific microbial pathogens — are being studied, as are immunological approaches seeking to stimulate a patient's own defense system to crush infections on its own. Basic, curiosity-driven research may lead to approaches as yet unimagined. The 20th century was marked by a series of triumphs in the fight against infectious disease. There is no reason inherent in nature or the limits of human intelligence why similar advances won't come again.
But such advances do require a willingness to support the education of the next generation of scientists and the commitment to underwrite a broad range of scientific research — including investigations that may, in the end, turn up nothing.
Lately, political support for research funding has ebbed in the United States. But bacteria aren't partisan. They don't care if they exist in Donald Trump's gut or Elizabeth Warren's. They travel around the globe, develop and exchange resistance, exist within and move between human hosts. Microbial infection is an inherently social disease.
Modern medicine mirrors that interconnected system. It forms its own ecology, just as much as any bacterial habitat. A vast range of surgeries, therapies, and entire medical specialties are all affected when the relationship between humans and infectious agents shifts.
If antibiotic resistance keeps intensifying, and if the needed research doesn't happen, then at least some of the medical care that we now assume will be available to us won't be. Our joints may fail, and the choice may be between pain and increasingly acute risk of infection. Our hearts may break, and the operations that could fix them may become more and more of a gamble. A complicated childbirth could pose ever more impossible collisions between the needs of mother and infant.
A bad cut, a scraped knee, an ankle broken on a slide into second base — for three-quarters of a century these have been painful, annoying, a hassle. And nothing more. In the worst cases, that could change too.
Thomas Levenson, the author of “The Hunt for Vulcan,” is an Ideas columnist and a professor of science writing at MIT.
Not too long ago the NG:DEV.Team revealed their latest title in the works, one drawing heavy inspiration from the much loved Metal Slug series. After several more months in the studio, the homebrew publisher has not only open pre-orders for Kraut Buster on Neo Geo AES and MVS cartridge, but also released a new gameplay trailer showing off the game's mechanics.
In the same update NG:DEV.Team detailed the differences between Kraut Buster and its inspiration, likening more of its features to that of the Contra series. Offering 8-way directional shooting with aim lock and a rather quirky mask-wearing-system that changes your character's abilities depending on their appearance, there's plenty of variation here to excite any fan of the genre. Elsewhere the developers have promised massive 9000 pixel wide landscapes to explore (instead of traditional tile-based worlds), and the ability to cycle between a small handful of weapons you've collected on the fly - all of course mixed in with the frantic bullet blasting action we've come to know and love.
As a closing note the NG:DEV.Team described Kraut Buster as being more of an unofficial sequel to the Metal Slug series, and one that most Neo Geo gamers don't want to miss out on. While we very much assume this title will no doubt end up on the Sega Dreamcast at a pocket money price, those looking to blast through this spiritual successor to Metal Slug early will need to part with €399 for the MVS version or €549 for the AES home cartridge.
Kraut Buster (Neo Geo AES Homebrew) Gameplay Trailer
Link: Pre-Order Kraut Buster (Neo Geo AES) at NG:DEV.Direct
Link: Pre-Order Kraut Buster (Neo Geo MVS) at NG:DEV.Direct
Ed Sheeran has been named the year's most streamed global artist on Spotify.
While the A Team hit-maker was given the title worldwide, Eminem tops the list in the United States.
Spotify announced its top streaming artists, albums and songs of 2014 on Wednesday, and Pharrell's ubiquitous Happy was the most streamed song of the year globally.
Scroll down for videos
Something to celebrate: Ed Sheeran, pictured performing at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show on Tuesday, has been named the most streamed global artist of 2014 by Spotify
Sheeran racked up more than 860 million listens on Spotify. Their latest album, x, is the most steamed album worldwide with 430 million streams.
Meanwhile, Katy Perry and Coldplay were the most streamed female and group around the world, respectively.
In the United States, Iggy Azalea's Fancy was the most streamed song of the year. Them album, The New Classic, was the second most streamed album in America behind Sheeran's x.
America's favourite: Eminem, seen here in August, topped the list in the US
Well it is catchy!: Pharrell's Happy was the most streamed song of the year globally.  They are seen performing it at the Oscars in March
Spotify said more than seven billion hours of music was streamed this year by more than 50 million users.
It will reward listeners this month by offering new U.S. users a premium, three-month membership for just 99 cents.
This year, Spotify experienced a shake-up when Taylor Swift decided to remove all of their music from the streaming service in late October.
Hits: Katy Perry was named most streamed female, while Iggy Azalea's Fancy was the most played song in the US. The stars are both seen here last month
Some artists followed by removing some of their music from Spotify, including country star Jason Aldean.
Behind Sheeran on the global list are Eminem, Calvin Harris, Avicii and David Guetta. On the U.S. tally, Drake, Kanye West, Lana Del Rey and Ariana Grande follow Eminem.
Hozier's Take Me to Church, currently No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, was the most viral track globally and in the U.S.
No charges in shooting. (Photo: Getty Images)
A 26-year-old Ypsilanti man acted in self-defense when they fired a shot that wounded another man's leg and grazed their scrotum during a domestic dispute inside a Canton mobile home, authorities have confirmed.
The shooter was at a Canton woman's home when their ex-boyfriend walked in and began to attack him, prompting them to fire a shot from a handgun, according to police reports.
The Wayne County Prosecutor's Office has denied criminal charges against the shooter.
"Based on the facts of the case, it was deemed they acted in self-defense," Canton Deputy Police Chief Craig Wilsher said.
The incident unfolded about 2:30 p.m. Oct. 7 at the College Park Estates mobile home park off Mott Road, east of Ridge, on Canton's west side. Police reports indicated the ex-boyfriend became upset after they walked in and found another man there.
Police reports also indicated they had previously been abusive to their ex-girlfriend. They had recently moved out, but still had a key to their home.
The ex-boyfriend was shot once in the right leg and the bullet also grazed their scrotum, police have said. They drove themselves to a hospital.
More: Wayne homeowner reports cash, pot stolen in home break-in
More: Deadly epidemic: Canton 'going on the offensive' against opioids
More: Canton cops say attempted abduction claims unfounded
dclem@hometownlife.com
Twitter: @CantonObserver
734-972-0919
Read or Share this story: http://www.hometownlife.com/story/news/local/canton/2017/10/19/shooter-acted-self-defense-faces-no-charges-officials-say/780945001/
On Monday night, Ken Rosenthal wrote something of a plea to their fellow BBWAA members; stop looking for reasons to give the MVP award to anyone besides Mike Trout.
My fear is that in 20 years people are going to say, “Trout led the majors in combined OPS-plus from 2012 to '16 and won only one MVP in those five seasons? What the heck were the writers thinking?” Shame on us if, instead of celebrating Mike Trout, we keep looking for the next best thing.
It's a good piece, and given Rosenthal's standing in the baseball writing community, it could have some influence on the 30 voters who have AL MVP ballots this year. And if you've read FanGraphs for the last few years, you probably know that most of us writing here agree with their stance; the idea that Trout is somehow less valuable because their teammates stink is not an argument that I give much credence to.
But I also have been doing this long enough to realize that a good number of people are entrenched on this issue, believing that production on a losing team is not valuable; we've all heard some version of “The Angels could have finished in last without him” trope. The (unfortunate) reality is that this idea isn't going away any time soon, and it's likely that a bunch of AL MVP voters will continue with the tradition of voting for the best player on a playoff team.
So here's what I would like to add to Ken's plea to our BBWAA brethren; if you're going to argue that Trout cannot be more valuable than one of Mookie Betts, Josh Donaldson, or Manny Machado, because their teammates didn't let them turn their production into value, then extend that belief throughout your ballot. Own the idea of value being exclusively created by team wins and playoff appearances, and apply it to every place on the ballot, not just the top spot.
The results of the last four MVP votes show just how inconsistently this philosophy is applied, as Mike Trout has finished second in all three of the years they didn't win the award. The year they did win, of course, the Angels won 98 games and advanced to the playoffs, but in the other three years, they finished behind Miguel Cabrera (twice) and Josh Donaldson, who played on playoff teams, and clearly got a voting boost because of it. But in those years, they finished ahead of other great players on playoff teams; Adrian Beltre and Robinson Cano in 2012, Donaldson in 2013, and Lorenzo Cain last year, for instance.
Those guys weren't as good as Trout in those years, but if Trout's performance couldn't create enough value to rank ahead of Cabrera or Donaldson because their team was bad, why did it create enough value to rank ahead of other great players whose teams did make the postseason? Why are we only applying this idea that production is not value to the top spot on the list, then ignoring it entirely in spots 2 through 10. Either Trout's performance on a losing team is valuable or it isn't; putting them behind one inferior player on a winning team, but in front of the other players with similar cases, doesn't work logically.
With all due respect to Betts, Donaldson, and Macahado, the race, once again, isn't all that close. This isn't like last year, where Donaldson was basically Trout's equal, and there was nothing wrong with picking one or the other. As Neil Weinberg wrote a few weeks ago, Trout is running away with the title of the best player in the AL no matter what kind of metrics you want to use. He's been the best hitter in the league, the third best baserunner, and they play an up-the-middle position. If we're basing the voting on production, it's just not close; no one is anywhere near matching Trout's individual performance.
So if a voter wants to apply a big enough penalty for playing on a losing team to push any of the three winning-team candidates ahead of him, then that penalty necessarily has to be large enough to push Trout behind all three of them. And maybe even behind Adrian Beltre, who has combined terrific context-neutral numbers with a crazy clutch performance for a team that is winning the AL West almost entirely because of clutch performances.
If Mike Trout isn't valuable enough to finish first this year, he's also not valuable enough to finish second. There's just not a consistent logical thought process than can translate their production into value at a rate that allows them to finish behind Betts but ahead of Donaldson or Machado. Really, if you're going to argue that the Angels could have finished in last place without Trout too, then they shouldn't even really appear on the ballot at all; there are clearly 10 players on winning teams who have produced real value this year, after all.
But no one actually believes that production on a losing team is entirely valueless, which is why Trout keeps finishing second. Everyone agrees that Trout has been one of the most valuable players in the AL this year. And if they can be one of the most valuable, they can be the most valuable.
Let's stop treating the top spot on the AL MVP ballot like it is some kind of special place reserved for only certain types of candidates, especially when the voting instructions expressly state that “the MVP need not come from a division winner or other playoff qualifier.” Like Rosenthal said, let's acknowledge the elephant in the room; one of the greatest players in baseball history is performing at historic levels before our eyes, and they deserve recognition for their accomplishments.
Rodriguez v. United States, 2015 U.S. LEXIS 2807 (April 21, 2015). The syllabus:
Officer Struble, a K–9 officer, stopped petitioner Rodriguez for driving on a highway shoulder, a violation of Nebraska law. After Struble attended to everything relating to the stop, including, inter alia, checking the driver's licenses of Rodriguez and their passenger and issuing a warning for the traffic offense, they asked Rodriguez for permission to walk their dog around the vehicle. When Rodriguez refused, Struble detained them until a second officer arrived. Struble then retrieved their dog, who alerted to the presence of drugs in the vehicle. The ensuing search revealed methamphetamine. Seven or eight minutes elapsed from the time Struble issued the written warning until the dog alerted.
Rodriguez was indicted on federal drug charges. They moved to suppress the evidence seized from the vehicle on the ground, among others, that Struble had prolonged the traffic stop without reasonable suspicion in order to conduct the dog sniff. The Magistrate Judge recommended denial of the motion. They found no reasonable suspicion supporting detention once Struble issued the written warning. Under Eighth Circuit precedent, however, they concluded that prolonging the stop by “seven to eight minutes” for the dog sniff was only a de minimis intrusion on Rodriguez's Fourth Amendment rights and was for that reason permissible. The District Court then denied the motion to suppress. Rodriguez entered a conditional guilty plea and was sentenced to five years in prison. The Eighth Circuit affirmed. Noting that the seven or eight-minute delay was an acceptable “de minimis intrusion on Rodriguez's personal liberty,” the court declined to reach the question whether Struble had reasonable suspicion to continue Rodriguez's detention after issuing the written warning.
Held:
1. Absent reasonable suspicion, police extension of a traffic stop in order to conduct a dog sniff violates the Constitution's shield against unreasonable seizures. A routine traffic stop is more like a brief stop under Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1, than an arrest, see, e.g., Arizona v. Johnson, 555 U.S. 323, 330. Its tolerable duration is determined by the seizure's “mission,” which is to address the traffic violation that warranted the stop, Illinois v. Caballes, 543 U.S. 405, 407 and attend to related safety concerns. Authority for the seizure ends when tasks tied to the traffic infraction are—or reasonably should have been—completed. The Fourth Amendment may tolerate certain unrelated investigations that do not lengthen the roadside detention, Johnson, 555 U.S., at 327–328 (questioning); Caballes, 543 U.S., at 406, 408 (dog sniff), but a traffic stop “become[s] unlawful if it is prolonged beyond the time reasonably required to complete th[e] mission” of issuing a warning ticket, id., at 407. Beyond determining whether to issue a traffic ticket, an officer's mission during a traffic stop typically includes checking the driver's license, determining whether there are outstanding warrants against the driver, and inspecting the automobile's registration and proof of insurance. These checks serve the same objective as enforcement of the traffic code: ensuring that vehicles on the road are operated safely and responsibly. See Delaware v. Prouse, 440 U.S. 648, 658–659. Lacking the same close connection to roadway safety as the ordinary inquiries, a dog sniff is not fairly characterized as part of the officer's traffic mission.
In concluding that the de minimis intrusion here could be offset by the Government's interest in stopping the flow of illegal drugs, the Eighth Circuit relied on Pennsylvania v. Mimms, 434 U.S. 106. The Court reasoned in Mimms that the government's “legitimate and weighty” interest in officer safety outweighed the “de minimis” additional intrusion of requiring a driver, lawfully stopped, to exit a vehicle, id., at 110–111. The officer-safety interest recognized in Mimms, however, stemmed from the danger to the officer associated with the traffic stop itself. On-scene investigation into other crimes, in contrast, detours from the officer's traffic-control mission and therefore gains no support from Mimms.
The Government's argument that an officer who completes all traffic-related tasks expeditiously should earn extra time to pursue an unrelated criminal investigation is unpersuasive, for a traffic stop “prolonged beyond” the time in fact needed for the officer to complete their traffic-based inquiries is “unlawful,” Caballes, 543 U.S., at 407. The critical question is not whether the dog sniff occurs before or after the officer issues a ticket, but whether conducting the sniff adds time to the stop. Pp. 5–8.
2. The determination adopted by the District Court that detention for the dog sniff was not independently supported by individualized suspicion was not reviewed by the Eighth Circuit. That question therefore remains open for consideration on remand. P. 9.
741 F. 3d 905, vacated and remanded.
GINSBURG, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which ROBERTS, C. J., and SCALIA, BREYER, SOTOMAYOR, and KAGAN, JJ., joined. KENNEDY, J., filed a dissenting opinion. THOMAS, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which ALITO, J., joined, and in which KENNEDY, J., joined as to all but Part III. ALITO, J., filed a dissenting opinion.
Ever since their NASL title run in 2011, Minnesota United fans have sung Oasis' "Wonderwall" after victories. Four games into their inaugural MLS season, the Loons found themselves with just one point and a minus-12 goal differential. To adapt a phrase from the Gallagher brothers, they needed someone to save them.
At the time, Minnesota was seen as something of a laughingstock, with many ready to deem the expansion side the worst MLS team of all time. After allowing five or more goals in three losses to Portland, Atlanta and New England, even the players themselves were surprised.
"I didn't think we were going to leak goals like we did," director of player personnel Amos Magee told ESPN FC. "I thought it was a difficult opening for the season. The Atlanta game was the real kick in the gut. It was at home, against a fellow expansion team, we had a bunch of Scandinavians. In theory, we should've been favored."
Deciding to wait to make roster decisions until after its 2016 NASL season, Minnesota had an abbreviated timeline to build its roster. Seven players joined the club from its second-division days, which meant the team had to acquire 19 new players ahead of a February preseason.
Manny Lagos signed five players, including American Josh Gatt, after a two-week scouting trip to Scandinavia last fall. Among the pieces brought in from that trip was Vadim Demidov.
The Norwegian defender was added for $550,000 a year to stabilize the back line and serve as a leader on the field. Although they had captained Norwegian club SK Brann through a relegation battle in 2016, the wheels fell off quickly for Demidov.
Kevin Molino and Minnesota United got their inaugural season in Minneapolis off to a horrid start.
"It's a tough one to swallow," Lagos reflected on the signing. "For whatever reason, whether it's the way we started, the way Vadim prepared for their MLS campaign or bad luck, it happened."
Having to witness the calamity from the touchline, Adrian Heath couldn't help but understand what was going on with their initial captain.
"Having played abroad, I actually feel sympathy for Vadim," the United manager told ESPN FC. "He came here with every great intention. We're hopeful that they can go and resurrect their career somewhere else and continues what they were doing in Norway."
Lacking pace and positioning to stop some of the league's most dangerous attackers, Demidov's defending needed to be mitigated quickly. Heath turned to a newcomer to the league, though this one grew up and developed right in the Twin Cities metro.
"I remember telling my staff in the preseason that we'd find it hard to leave Brent Kallman out of the team," Heath said. "That's not in direct competition with Vadim. However, you have the start that we have, and you have to make changes. From then, Brent's performances dictated that Vadim didn't get back in. Can they take it to the next level next year? Brent has the potential to go and get recognition to be in the national team."
Meanwhile, Lagos and Magee were working hard to acquire further defensive aid before the primary transfer window closed. Prior to the expansion draft, Minnesota was close to acquiring Colorado midfielder Sam Cronin. Although the deal fell through, negotiations picked up in the third week of the year, when the Loons earned their first MLS point in a 2-2 draw to the Rapids.
Minnesota United's turnaround began with the March acquisition of Sam Cronin.
"I give Manny a lot of credit," Magee said. "He was aggressive and relentless about making sure that we exhausted all opportunities to address some needs. Cronin and [Marc] Burch aren't necessarily sexy additions. We just needed more stability, more leadership, more MLS know-how."
Throughout the season, the Loons continued to see success in bringing in MLS veterans. An early-season injury to Swedish loanee John Alvbage brought former New England Revolution goalkeeper Bobby Shuttleworth into action. Shuttleworth was one of three Minnesota finalists for the Landon Donovan MVP award. In the summer window, Duluth, Minnesota-born Ethan Finlay left Columbus for Minneapolis and has seen a rejuvenation in form, seeming poised to replicate their career year in 2015.
Within the locker room, Heath continued to integrate the fresh faces into a roster that had yet to settle into a rhythm. The lineup from Minnesota's first week shocker at Providence Park saw a massive overhaul in the following 33 weeks. Even leading scorer Christian Ramirez -- themselves an NASL holdover -- was on the bench that March evening.
"There's been only two from the original group that are still regular contributors," Heath said. "There's been a gradual changing of the guard, if you'd like, throughout the season."
Whether the reinforcements came from within the ranks or outside, they all played a role in righting the ship. From April 1 onward, Minnesota averaged 1.2 points per game, within clawing distance of the rate set by sixth-place San Jose.
After an August trade from Columbus, Ethan Finlay rediscovered their form, scoring three goals and two assists in 11 appearances.
However, the Loons did not roster a designated player during their inaugural campaign, a rarity for any side in the league. With a stable core in place, there's reason to believe one will join the fold before March rolls around.
"With [targeted allocation money], the designated player is simply a label," Magee said. "For us, we've really wanted to continue to improve our roster with an idea that there has to be room to grow. We have a core that we feel good about but isn't, in my mind, a group that can win an MLS championship yet. That's the key, while remaining competitive and growing next year."
The club's objectives for next season are clear: make the playoffs and see what happens.
"People think it's easy to make the playoffs," Heath said. "It took Toronto eight years to get there, and they had three DPs all the way through this. They've spent a lot of money. It's more difficult than people think.
"We've come a long way, but we've still got a long way to go. I'm never satisfied until we will be competitive at the top end of the league. We get compared with Atlanta because we joined the league at the same time. Totally different project. We've got to work really hard. Our recruiting has to be better this time around."
Jeff Rueter is a St. Paul-based writer for ESPN FC and also contributes to The Guardian, FourFourTwo and Howler. Twitter: @jeffrueter.
Writing fiction is not as hard as it seems, as long as you follow these eight simple rules:
Show, don't tell. Remember show-and-tell in elementary school, when you'd bring in an object from home and talk about it? I want you to remember that experience and the lessons about storytelling it imparted. Then invent a time machine, and travel back to elementary school, and get a job as a second-grade teacher, and make sure you get yourself as a student in your class, and in the time machine bring along an iPhone, and give it to your second-grade self. All the kids will be blown away, even though it won't get phone reception because cell-phone towers haven't been built yet. The younger you will develop greater self-esteem from your newfound popularity, and go on to lead a richer adult life, and have more material to write about.
Create three-dimensional characters. Say you're writing about a hard-charging banker who's having an extramarital affair. This is a good start, but to avoid turning them into a cliché, you need to fill them out in three dimensions. In every paragraph, tell the reader exactly how high, wide, and long they are. For instance: “Benjamin Waller, a hard-charging banker who stood six feet one, with a size-thirty-two waist and a chest girth of forty inches, was having an extramarital affair.” Also mention that they drive a flashy sports car.
Choose a point of view. Decide which point of view makes most sense for your story: first person; second person; third person, either limited or the omniscient, godlike perspective; the less omniscient but still potent perspective of Freyr, the Norse god of weather and fertility; “Larry,” the crossing guard from your elementary school who always made the same joke about your getting a failing grade at crossing the street, except for that one time they saw an anachronistic iPhone and became confused; the camera I've covertly installed in your bedroom. The best one is Larry, followed by Freyr.
Give your characters motivations. If you're having trouble fleshing out your characters, continually ask yourself in each scene, “What does this character want?” Say this out loud enough, and soon someone nearby will ask why you keep repeating that. Do not reply, but simply keep questioning aloud, “What does this character want?” Eventually you'll be committed to an asylum. Asylums are great places to think without the distractions of the modern world. I'm sure you'll figure out that pesky protagonist in no time.
Write what you know. Are you an expert in the Norse weather-and-fertility gods? Or in elementary-school crossing guards? I am, and I hope you'll consider for representation “Larry and Freyr: A Novel in Letters.” In it, Larry Patowski, a genial crossing guard at John F. Kennedy Elementary who's known for their quick, albeit repetitive, wit, commences an epistolary friendship with the Norse god Freyr. In the course of their letters, e-mails, text messages, and Gchats, we learn more about this seemingly mismatched duo—one a fifty-six-year-old bratwurst-loving mortal from a Chicago suburb, the other a supernatural deity out of Scandinavian paganism—who are more alike than they think. By the novel's powerful conclusion, when Freyr has become a beer-guzzling Cubs fan and Larry, with the help of a stolen iPhone, intervenes in mythological history to destroy the frost giant Surtr during the great battle of Ragnarøkkr, these two unforgettable characters will have carved a place into your heart as surely as Freyr rides the boar Gullinbursti to Baldr's funeral!
No tears for the writer, no tears for the reader. If you're not moved by your story, don't expect your reader to be. Therefore, sob uncontrollably as you compose. Slice onions to abet the process. Film yourself weeping. Submit the video to an A-list director, who will be so impressed by your ability to emote that they will cast you in their next marquee film, a two-hundred-million-dollar 3-D adaptation of “Larry and Freyr.” Supply a stirring performance that has all of Tinseltown buzzing “Oscar.” Encourage the producers to take out an ad in Variety touting your career-defining portrayal of Freyr. Win the Academy Award, grow drunk on your own power, and make a series of commercial missteps resulting in your excommunication from the film industry. Return to writing fiction, having now lived through highs and lows few of us have experienced. Slice onions and repeat (with “Larry and Freyr 2: Spring Break in Finland”).
Revize, revize, revize. This gos without saying.
Trust yourself. Ultimately, you should value your own judgment over that of others. Except for this list of writing rules. It is completely accurate.
Illustration by David Goldin.
Doug Wilson is trying to save civilization. The pastor at Christ Church Moscow, a college town on Idaho's border with Washington, doesn't think things are going very well in America these days. They wouldn't mind a return to Old Testament law, as they wrote in their book Fidelity: How to Be a One-Woman Man: “[W]hen we are dealing with young children who are abused by adults (pederasty, child porn, etc.) the penalty for those guilty of the crime should be death.” Wilson is a provocateur—witty and, if not urbane, urbane-adjacent. For a certain type of Christian, Doug Wilson is a patriarchy-espousing, straight-shooting, feminist-bashing folk hero.
In addition to their role as pastor, Wilson is also a co-founder of New St. Andrew's College and Grayfriars Hall, a vocational seminary for young men. They have developed a reputation for being a harsh and constant critic, spilling tons of digital ink on issues from LGBT inclusion in the church (he's against it) to their favorite topic, the implausibility of Christian feminism. Wilson makes their reputation as a shock-jock theologian; in their tendency to bloviate, they bring to mind a certain presidential candidate: “Make Christianity great again!”
Advertisement
Wilson is one of the figureheads of a set of beliefs known as Biblical Patriarchy, devoted to the idea that “father rule”—the literal meaning of patriarchy—is a guiding principle for the Christian life.  They are convinced the Bible teaches that a woman's primary domain is in the home, and only after their responsibilities are satisfied there can they think about going out to get some volunteer work or, perhaps, a part-time job. Female preachers are, naturally, out of the question. “Christian women ought to be domestic,” they once said. “Everything is directed toward home and family and kids.”
It is easy to paint Wilson and other Biblical patriarchalists as a small, backwards, and increasingly irrelevant group of Christians. After all, in an age in which progressive Christianity has a louder and louder voice in people like Rachel Held Evans and Shane Claiborne, aren't Wilson and their ilk destined to fade into the background?
It would appear not. Wilson has 22,000 Twitter followers; almost as many people as the population of Moscow, Idaho. They helped establish the Communion of Reformed Evangelical Churches, a denomination that has grown from a handful of churches when it began in 1998 to nearly 100 now. Their website, Dougwils.com got 110,000 views in September 2015, and regularly sees visitor levels hovering around the 100K mark. Even when you account for the (not insignificant) number of hate reads, it's clear that Wilson has found and is preaching to a sizable choir.
Advertisement
But what happens when the lights come up on the choir and some of its members are suffering? The harm done by Biblical patriarchy goes beyond outdated ideas about women—as we've seen with the Duggar family or the now-shuttered Vision Forum, a pro-patriarchy organization that shut down in the wake of its leader's affair. A theology that domesticates women will, ultimately, devalue them. It will see them as complicit in their own abuse. It will make them hate themselves until they repent or run away.
Natalie Greenfield, age 28, has 400 Twitter followers to Wilson's 22,000. But their story—told in blog posts, on social media, and in interviews for this piece—poses a sharp challenge to Wilson's doctrine, and shows the drastically negative effects that “father rule” can enact on Christian women. Them story also, uncomfortably, confirms Wilson's claims that both submission and patriarchy are “inescapable.”
Advertisement
Greenfield grew up in Lewiston, Idaho, the second-largest city in the northern part of the state, until their family moved to Moscow when they were 13. There, their parents bought a large house where they would eventually offer room and board to college-aged students living in Moscow. Most attended New St. Andrew's; some were from University of Idaho; and a handful were students at Greyfriars Hall.
One of those Greyfriars students, Jamin Wight, moved into the Greenfield home when they were 23 and Natalie was 13. Wight would go to classes during the day, meeting regularly with elders from Christ Church, learning about church history and studying Greek and Hebrew to become a more effective minister. At night, after they had oiled the door to Natalie's room so that its hinges wouldn't squeak, they would kiss her, tell them they were beautiful, and force them to perform oral sex on him. Like Natalie's family, Wight was a member of Christ Church in Moscow.
Prior to moving in with the Greenfields, Wight expressed a romantic interest in Natalie to their parents. They weren't sure what to do, and so they turned to their pastor, Doug Wilson, for advice. The Greenfields and Wilson went back and forth on whether it was appropriate for a 23-year-old to court a young teenage girl, until Natalie's father Gary finally said no to any sort of romantic relationship between Wight and their daughter. It would have been wisest at that point for the Greenfields to send Wight packing. But in a belief system where the highest good for girls is to marry and have children, it makes some kind of twisted sense that you would want to keep a potential suitor—and a seminarian, at that!—around for your daughter. “My parents, while very naive and foolish, couldn't have possibly known he'd hurt me the way they did,” Greenfield said.
Advertisement
Jamin lived with the Greenfields for a year and a half. They never relented in their abuse of Natalie, who thought that they were in love with him. They once asked them if they were still a virgin or if fisting “constituted penetration.” They laughed at her, something they did often. They also exhibited some of the tell-tale signs of an abuser: They told Natalie they were a slut and if they told anyone about what happened they could never find another man who would love them They told them they shouldn't bother with college or pursue any interests, because they would soon enough be their wife and the mother of their children, and what good would an education do then? They were jealous of Natalie, lecturing them for what they perceived to be their flirtations with other boys. “Abuse thrives in silence,” Natalie said. “The facade is a really essential part of abuse, especially long-term abuse. From the outside, everything has to look fine, and I learned how to do that really well.”
It was Jamin Wight's jealousy that eventually got them kicked out of the house. Greenfield's father spotted Wight spying on their daughter outside a party one night, and asked Wight to move out. They did, but Wight still came by the house at times on the pretense of picking up forgotten items, and forced Natalie to give them sexual favors in the basement or in their car. When they finally stopped coming around, Natalie was sixteen and at the outset of years of insomnia, PTSD, flashbacks, depression, and social anxiety. They thought they would bear the burden of their relationship with Wight in silence, because they were sure they were somehow responsible for it. It wasn't until they worked up the courage to tell a friend what had happened that Natalie decided to tell them parents. The next day, they called the police.
Wight was arrested and charged with three crimes: two counts of Lewd Conduct with a Child Under Sixteen Years of Age and one count of Sex Abuse Against a Child. On all three charges, Wight pled not guilty. In May 2006—eight months after the initial arrest—Wight's charges were reduced to the lesser crime of Injury to a Child. During the proceedings, court documents reflect that Wight had expressed a desire to become a youth minister and worried aloud what this verdict would do to their career path, as well as any future hopes they had of marriage. They pled guilty to Injury of a Child and made a deal that allowed them to serve four to six months at the North Idaho Correctional Facility.
Advertisement
As the truth of the abuse came to light, Doug Wilson tried to play arbiter. They met with Greenfield's parents, who were devastated by what had happened under their roof. They met with Wight. And, on behalf of the elders of Christ Church, Doug Wilson wrote a letter to Gary Greenfield, Natalie's father. The letter expressed distress at how Jamin took “sinful advantage” of Natalie, but went on to say that the elders were equally distressed by Gary's failure to protect their own daughter. They wanted Gary to know that they had thought about withholding communion from him—a serious form of church discipline—because of their dereliction of duty as a father.
Another letter, from Wilson to the police officer assigned to the case, was even worse. In it, Wilson again criticizes the Greenfields for their parental folly and asserts their belief that this situation does not “in any way [paint] Jamin as a sexual predator.” When the time came for sentencing, Wilson and fellow CREC pastor Peter Leithart, whose Trinity Reformed Church Wight also attended, entered the courthouse and sat on the side of Jamin Wight. Wilson has been squarely on that side ever since, recently calling Wight's abuse a “parent-approved relationship that led to statutory rape.”
Why are people attracted to Doug Wilson? “He has a very take-charge presence,” Natalie said. “He is charismatic, very assertive. They talk a fancy game, and he's a master of rhetoric—and that's enticing to a lot of people, especially Christian intellectuals.” They spoke of how Wilson and other church leaders often referred to other churches as “happy-clappy” or “Jesus hippies.” “Any time Christ Church perceived there was too much emotion in the way another church worshiped,” Greenfield said, “it was something they could make fun of them about.”
Advertisement
Gary Greenfield and their wife separated not long after the incident came to light, a painful and awkward split. They were barred from communion afterwards. Since then, Greenfield has converted to Eastern Orthodoxy. Their wife still attends Christ Church.
Wight isn't the only child molester who has received counsel and sympathy from Doug Wilson. A man named Steven Sitler, who had a history of molestation that was never prosecuted, came to Moscow to be a student at New St. Andrews College. Like many students at New St. Andrews and Greyfriar Hall—which is to say, like Jamin Wight—Sitler boarded with a local family.
The family Sitler moved in with had six young children. One night in May 2005, when the family had several other children visiting, Sitler went upstairs, got in a bunk bed with one of the girls, and the next morning one of the visiting children told the host father about this. That led to a series of confessions from Sitler, each one more damning than the last: They had crawled into bed, they said, but only because they were moved by God to pray for the girls. Well, okay, there was some touching. They touched a girl's bottom. And their private parts. And they twice took a three year-old girl into the bathroom so that they could put their penis between their legs.
Advertisement
Wilson, to their credit, advised this family to immediately report the abuse to the police, which they did. Soon after, Sitler's father retained Dean Wullenwaber, an Idaho attorney who also happened to have acted as legal counsel for New St. Andrew's. As in the case of Natalie Greenfield, Christ Church congregants didn't learn there had been an abuser in their midst until months afterward. Wilson counseled Sitler and requested to the judge in their case that punishment be “measured and limited.”
Sitler served 20 months of a life sentence. Six weeks after their release, they were rearrested, this time for voyeurism. Three years later, a Christ Church elder named Ed Iverson set Sitler up with a young NSA student named Katie Travis. They got engaged on their second date, and were married—by Doug Wilson—six months later. Sitler and Travis had a child, and as of this writing, Sitler is only allowed to be around their son with an approved chaperone because they have admitted to “contact resulting in actual sexual stimulation.”
Doug Wilson has written several blog posts defending their position of offering “free grace” to Steven Sitler. They also repeatedly accused the Greenfields of oversight and parental foolishness. Yet at no time has they made changes to the policies at their schools that placed young boarders in local family homes, nor did they take responsibility for the fact that asking community members to trust them about the fitness of these young men has backfired. As far as I can tell, in Moscow, students and families alike are encouraged to live with each other in order to foster community and avoid the kind of social stratification that often occurs in college towns. It's an admirable goal, and works well in most cases, when college students get be part of a family structure and extend their involvement in their local community. But when it doesn't work, as in these cases, the consequences can be dire. Moving these young men into dorms isn't the answer, but a more thorough screening process and an adjusted protocol after an incident or accusation comes to light would be a start.
Advertisement
Wilson isn't likely to change their mind about anything, though. That's the damaging thing about theological certainty: It doesn't respond to human trauma. The Bible is full of warnings to oppressors and the people who enable them. Wilson themselves suggested the death penalty for child abusers. Just not, apparently, the ones who belong to their church.
Jamin Wight and Natalie Greenfield both have three children. They live in the same town and see each other every couple of weeks. They don't interact, but in a company town like Moscow it's hard to avoid running into the people you've known forever. What would you tell Doug Wilson, I ask her, if you could make them understand anything?
They thought for a moment. “It's never been about taking down a church or making this man go away,” they said. “It's always been about healing and hopefully connecting with other victims who are in similar situations. It's important to be loud.”
Advertisement
Laura Turner is a writer and editor living in San Francisco.
This post has been corrected: Gary Greenfield was not excommunicated, as was previously stated.
The thing is, all of these books say about the same thing, and they do work if you implement the suggestions. In this article, I've picked out the top 10 steps you can take to generate wealth for the long haul.
Following these steps, I've added over $100,000 to my net worth in the last few years while raising 5 kids, so I can personally attest to how well they work. There is value to reading all of these books and I encourage you to read all of the ones I mentioned, but these 10 steps will cover the high-level points of wealth creation.
So let's get started! Here are my 10 steps to generating wealth.
1. It Can be Done
The very first thing to do is get it in your head that you can do this. There are many many wealthy people in the world. In fact, according to a study from Credit Suisse , there are an estimated 35 million people with a net worth of more than one million dollars in the world.
The only difference between you and them are the habits that they have created. Many of these people started out with loads of debt, and a good number of them have gone bankrupt at some point in their life. Aside from a few random lucky lottery winners, these people are wealthy because they have figured out habits that generate wealth, and practice those habits every day.
Interestingly enough, a huge percentage of lottery winners and people who inherit wealth are broke again within 3-5 years because they do not have the right habits. Emulate the daily habits of the wealthy, and you can build wealth.
2. Pay Yourself First
Every paycheck, take 10% off the top and stick it in a savings account. This money does not exist as far as your bills go, you MUST pay yourself first to get wealthy. If this seems like too much at first, then take 1%, and increase it 1% each month until you are able to save at least 10%. After a while, you won't notice it, but if you skip this step you will NEVER be wealthy, that money will always find a way to get away from you.
3. Give Some Away
I'll preface this by saying this point is subject to a little debate, but in my experience and research most wealthy people are generous with their money, and they started doing that before they got wealthy. Most experts recommend taking another 10% off the top and giving it to your favorite charity or local church before you start paying other bills.
There are a lot of thoughts as to why this works since it is counter-intuitive to give money away when you're trying to save it. In my opinion, this works because of what we talked about in step #1 - believing you can do this.
Wealthy people don't ask can I do this, they figure out how they can do it, and then they do it. Giving to others creates the sense of plenty, and that mindset of having plenty eventually translates into actually having plenty. You've heard of fake it until you make it? This is truly a case of fake it until you become it!
4. Create a Plan
Unless you've been living under a rock, you've heard of the dreaded "B" word. That word makes people shudder, and think about eating Ramen Noodles and Mac N Cheese for the rest of their lives. The word, of course, is budget. I prefer saying I'm creating a spending plan. I'm planning what I'm going to do with my money before I do it. I do this at the beginning of every month, there is no such thing as a fixed budget that works every single month of the year.
If you skip this step, you will always be asking where did my money go at the end of the month, rather than saying here is where I want my money to go at the beginning of the month. There are many resources out there for creating a budget so I won't get into that too much, but it's pretty simple to do. Write down what your income is (be very conservative here, don't spend stuff you aren't sure you are going to get), and all your expenses.
Do this a month at a time, don't try to look years ahead or you'll get yourself stuck in planning mode forever and will skip the next step, executing the plan. If your savings and expenses add up to more than your income, then you've got to decide what you are going to cut, or how you are going to get the additional income to offset the costs. The nice thing is you haven't spent anything yet, so you can make those hard decisions before you get to the end of the month and wonder why you dug yourself further into a hole.
5. Execute the Plan
This is where many people mess up. They wrote down a plan, then saved it on their computer. Now they come to the end of the month, and they're broke again! I created a plan, so why did my money disappear again?
Not executing the plan is like burning money
Well, I created the plan, but I didn't execute it! Execution means running it by anyone who will be spending your money, getting their buy-in or making adjustments and compromises, and then following the plan.
I like to use cash for anything that is discretionary. This way, I know exactly how much I have to spend, and when I look in my wallet I know exactly how much I have left. You can't do that very easily with debit or credit cards. If the plan is going to work you have to be able to visualize how much you have left in real time or you will overspend every single time. Realize that no plan survives contact with the enemy, so go back to creating and adjusting the plan as soon as it starts to get off track! I also use YNAB to keep things in order.
Note: Expenses are only half of the equation when you are budgeting. Read " Why you won't become a millionaire quickly by budgeting alone " for a little deeper dive on what I mean.
6. Prepare for Emergencies
Preparing for emergencies means first creating an emergency fund, then looking at how you can protect yourself from major financial issues. Dave Ramsey says to put $1,000 away for a rainy day, pay off debt, then save up for enough to keep you going for 6 months if you were to lose your job. I think that is an excellent plan.
Insurance is the other thing you need to get in order. First off, medical insurance is absolutely required. Medical issues are one of the reasons why a large number of people end up homeless (what, you thought they were all just bums?). Having experienced major medical issues in my own family, many years averaging more than $1000 a month in medical expenses even with insurance, I can tell you that those expenses can be humbling.
Look at anything that would destroy your finances if things went wrong, and purchase insurance for it - house, vehicle, health, life. If you don't have insurance, these things will destroy any wealth you might have created. Don't purchase too much insurance though, you probably don't need ten million dollars to rebuild your house.
7. Work Hard
I'm sure you've heard the mantra about working smart, not hard, or do something you love and you'll never have to work a day in your life. I'm going to call bullshit on this one! Yes, it is true that wealthy people often enjoy what they do, and there are obviously better ways to do some things - you wouldn't want to dig a lake with a spoon for example, but they also work hard.
Work hard, but don't dig a lake with a spoon
The key is to identify the things you need to do, do those, and stop doing the things that are not productive. The key is NOT to stop working and hope the money will somehow end up in your account. Most small business owners have worked 70-90 hours a week when they were first building their business, they knew the value of working hard! What we tend to see is the result. Eventually, they find enough good people and automate enough processes that they can afford to relax a little.
That's what people miss, every self-made wealthy person I've ever talked to can tell you stories about how hard they worked, in the beginning, to get where they are now. As Dave Ramsey would say, be willing to live right now like no one else, and later you'll be able to LIVE like no one else.
I recommend reading The Speed of Trust for a deep dive into how to build up your reputation. A high degree of trust from those close to them is one thing that most wealthy people have in common.
8. Find Mentors
You are going to have a lot of difficulty becoming wealthy on your own. Find mentors in your life, those people that you really respect, who are experts in their field. Take classes like these from our partner Udemy to build your skills.
9. Invest
Rich people buy things that make them richer. That means investing in things like rental property, businesses, high-quality stocks and bonds, index, and mutual funds in your 401k, Roth IRA, or other investment accounts. A great option is a target date fund from a reputable company like Vanguard
Generally speaking, investing in yourself is the best thing you can do. Anything that improves your own talents; nobody can tax it or take it away from you. They can run up huge deficits and the dollar can become worth far less. You can have all kinds of things happen. But if you've got talent yourself, and you've maximized your talent, you've got a tremendous asset that can return ten-fold. -Warren Buffett
Invest in yourself! Did you know that $1 invested in yourself today can return $1,000 back each and every year? Read " The Insane Math Behind Investing in Yourself " for more details. How about taking a salary negotiation course ? I think you get the idea.
Buying that new car may be the worst investment you can make, as it loses a ton of value as you drive it off the lot, and then continues to go down in value. Don't make that mistake unless you can afford to just throw that money away! If you can, in fact, afford to just throw it away then enjoy your new car! But don't kid yourself that you're making an investment!
Anything that costs you more money in the long term than you get out of it is not an investment, that's an expense. An investment makes you more money than you spent to buy it.
10. Enjoy Life
All the money in the world will bring you no pleasure if you don't take the time to enjoy life. Certainly, money can help buy things like experiences, but if all you are doing is buying possessions, you are not likely to be happy with those for long.
A hospice nurse found 5 common things that people regret at the end of your life ( When death draws near, what will I regret? ) Don't make their same mistakes! Take time to develop and maintain deep relationships with others, go after your dreams, have the courage to express your feelings, let yourself be happy, do the things on this list, and true wealth will find you!
Like this article? Share it, and sign up for our newsletter so that you don't miss the next one!
If you can't find direct connections at first, find them in books . Later when you're on the right track, mentors will find you, or you'll be able to invest in hiring professionals to help you in various areas of your life. I believe that more than anything else, my reading habit and relationship with my mentors have been instrumental in my success. Here are some books I recommend getting you started.Speaking of finding mentors, don't forget to sign up for our newsletter ! That's what this website and community are all about, helping each other grow in our personal and professional lives.Listen in as Don and Joe discuss this article on the No Sitting on The Sideline Podcast It has been over two years now since I wrote this article. I've learned even more about finances over the years after writing over 200 articles for this personal development website, and published my work as "How I Added More Than $100,000 To My Net Worth in The Last Few Years While Raising 5 Kids: Financial Essentials You Need To Know"
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE appears to be facing a significant surrogate deficit in a general election battle against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
The challenge Trump faces came to the forefront this week as President Obama and Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) made headlines with their endorsements of Clinton.
ADVERTISEMENT
This summer and into the fall, Clinton promises to send the president, first lady Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE and Warren on the road. All three could be important battleground surrogates for their campaign.
Former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE will also hit the road for their wife, and Vice President Biden has indicated that they will be on the stump. It's not clear whether Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) will join the onslaught, though Democrats certainly hope he'll be in the fold.
Trump, in contrast, can promise few notable names.
Over the last year, the presumptive presidential nominee has feuded with their party's last two standard-bearers, John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE and Mitt Romney. Neither is expected to campaign for him.
Trump has also feuded with the Bush family and GOP stars Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE and Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE, both of whom they defeated in the primary.
Clinton campaign spokesperson Jesse Ferguson took to Twitter on Thursday to highlight the expected lack of support for Trump from former Presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush.
“Last two Democratic presidents now support [the] Democratic nominee,” Ferguson tweeted. “Last two Republican presidents DON'T support [the] Republican nominee.”
It's possible Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (Wis.) and Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (Ky.) will help Trump, but both criticized the GOP candidate this week, and each will be focused on keeping a majority in their chamber of Congress.
“It's a problem. It's a huge problem,” said Republican strategist and columnist for The Hill John Feehery, who says they will support Trump. “He's a nonpolitician and that's been appealing to many people but there are some basics that every campaign needs to have and one is that you have to drive a message. Without a message, it's hard to have a surrogate operation.”
Trump's best surrogates could be New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, whose ratings are underwater in their own state, stalwart conservative Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE (R-Ala.) and Trump family members, such as their daughter Ivanka Trump.
In an email, Trump campaign spokesperson Hope Hicks said the billionaire business person will have a host of campaign surrogates.
“We have many such [surrogates] such as Governor Chris Christie, Senator Jeff Sessions, Former Speaker Newt Gingrich and many more,” they said.
Yet it is hard to see that trio outgunning the Democratic stars that Clinton can send out on their behalf.
Sessions is a conservative favorite who is popular with grassroots Republicans, but whether they can extend Trump's appeal is unclear.
And Gingrich has irked Trump with some of their remarks.
This week, they went off script, calling Trump's racially charged comments about U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel “inexcusable.”
And in a Facebook Live segment, they said Clinton's speech on Tuesday night was “spectacular” and “very effective.”
Kevin Madden, a Republican strategist who served as an adviser to Romney during their presidential bid, called Trump's surrogates “the Trump Green Room brigade.”
They argued too many of Trump's supporters are relying on the candidate's Twitter feed to figure out what to say.
“They're like independent contractors,” said Madden, who is not supporting Trump. “And it's not a seamless and coordinated response. It's a mishmash” of comments.
San Jose city-CA California Population Charts According to the most recent demographics data available from the Census Bureau released in December of 2018, Figure 1 Figure 3 compares the population change from 2010 to 2017 and we can see San Jose city-CA indicates an increase of 77,088 (8%).
The population percent change for all areas for 2010 to 2017 is shown in Figure 4 and for San Jose city-CA illustrates it has 8.1% Population Change which is ranked #1 of all placesin the area. Comparing Population Change to the
Looking at population density in Figure 5 San Jose city-CA illustrates it has 5,794 population density which is the 3d most of all places in the area. The next higher population density is Figure 6 shows the median age of the people and San Jose city-CA shows it has 36.4 overall median age of all people which is the 6th in overall median age of all people out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest overall median age of all people in the area is Figure 7 we find that San Jose city-CA shows median age of men is about 5.6% smaller than median age of women. Figure 10 shows the Hispanic or Latino population of the area with San Jose city-CA shows it has 32.3% people who are Hispanic or Latino which is the 3d most of all places in the area. Figure 11 is the ratio of the population of men to women and indicates total male population is only slightly larger than total female population. According to the most recent demographics data available from the Census Bureau released in December of 2018, San Jose city-CA shows it has 1,023,030 population which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest population in the area is San Jose CCD-CA with a population of 1,779,560 is 73.9% larger.compares the population change from 2010 to 2017 and we can see San Jose city-CA indicates an increase of 77,088 (8%).The population percent change for all areas for 2010 to 2017 is shown inand for San Jose city-CA illustrates it has 8.1% Population Change which is ranked #1 of all placesin the area. Comparing Population Change to the United States average of 5.6%, San Jose city-CA is 45.4% larger. Also, in contrast to the state of California , Population Change of 4.6%, San Jose city-CA is 75.6% larger.Looking at population density inSan Jose city-CA illustrates it has 5,794 population density which is the 3d most of all places in the area. The next higher population density is Burbank is about twice as large with population density of 12,251. The city with the highest population density in the area is Alum Rock with a population density of 14,289 is approximately 2.5 times bigger.shows the median age of the people and San Jose city-CA shows it has 36.4 overall median age of all people which is the 6th in overall median age of all people out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest overall median age of all people in the area is Cambrian Park with an age of 47.6 compares as 30.8% larger. Comparing the median age of men versus women inwe find that San Jose city-CA shows median age of men is about 5.6% smaller than median age of women.shows the Hispanic or Latino population of the area with San Jose city-CA shows it has 32.3% people who are Hispanic or Latino which is the 3d most of all places in the area.is the ratio of the population of men to women and indicates total male population is only slightly larger than total female population.
San Jose city-CA California Marriage and Families Charts Figure 14 is the average size of a typical family. San Jose city-CA shows it has 3.8 average family size which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest average family size in the area is
Figure 15 shows the ratio of families to total households and that San Jose city-CA indicates it has 73% percent of people who are in a family which is the 3d most of all places in the area. The city with the highest percent of people who are in a family in the area is
Looking at husband and wife headed families as a percent of all families in Figure 16, San Jose city-CA indicates it has 76% percent of people in a husband and wife family which is the 5th in percent of people in a husband and wife family out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest percent of people in a husband and wife family in the area is is the average size of a typical family. San Jose city-CA shows it has 3.8 average family size which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest average family size in the area is Alum Rock with a size of 4.6 is 22.5% larger.shows the ratio of families to total households and that San Jose city-CA indicates it has 73% percent of people who are in a family which is the 3d most of all places in the area. The city with the highest percent of people who are in a family in the area is Alum Rock with a percent of 84% is 15.1% larger.Looking at husband and wife headed families as a percent of all families in, San Jose city-CA indicates it has 76% percent of people in a husband and wife family which is the 5th in percent of people in a husband and wife family out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest percent of people in a husband and wife family in the area is Fruitdale with a percent of 92% is 21.3% larger.
San Jose city-CA California Mothers and Babies Charts The next section of charts look at mothers and baby births over the last 12 months. Figure 18 shows the rate of women aged 15 to 50 years old who have given birth. Figure 20, the teenager birth rate is shown (women between the ages of 15 and 19.) San Jose city-CA indicates it has 2% teenager birth rate which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest teenager birth rate in the area is Figure 21 the percentage is shown of all births in the last 12 months were the mothers were unmarried. Figure 22 shows the percent of unwed mothers who are on public assistance. The next section of charts look at mothers and baby births over the last 12 months.shows the rate of women aged 15 to 50 years old who have given birth. San Jose city-CA indicates it has 5.5% percent of women who gave birth which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest percent of women who gave birth in the area is Fruitdale with a birth rate of 12.3% measures approximately 2.2 times bigger. In, the teenager birth rate is shown (women between the ages of 15 and 19.) San Jose city-CA indicates it has 2% teenager birth rate which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest teenager birth rate in the area is Burbank with a percent of births to teen ager of 30% is substantially bigger. Inthe percentage is shown of all births in the last 12 months were the mothers were unmarried. San Jose city-CA shows it has 20% percent of unwed women who have given birth which is the 3d most of all places in the area. The city with the highest percent of unwed women who have given birth in the area is Burbank with an unwed mother birth rate of 79% is approximately 3.9 times bigger. The nextshows the percent of unwed mothers who are on public assistance. San Jose city-CA illustrates it has 1.2% percent of unwed women who have given birth and are on public assistance which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest percent of unwed women who have given birth and are on public assistance in the area is San Jose CCD-CA with a percent of unwed women who have give birth and are on public assistance of 1.6% is 30.0% larger.
San Jose city-CA California Citizenship Charts The next section of charts detail information about citizenship. Figure 35 shows a high level view of citizenship.
In Figure 37, the percentage of the population who was not born in the United States is shown (i.e. Percent Foreign Born.) Figure 40 shows the median age of non citizens and it has 37.5 median age of non citizens which is the 6th in median age of non citizens out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest median age of non citizens in the area is The next section of charts detail information about citizenship.shows a high level view of citizenship. San Jose city-CA has the largest proportion of percent of citizens by naturalization at 22% of the total and is ranked #1.In, the percentage of the population who was not born in the United States is shown (i.e. Percent Foreign Born.) San Jose city-CA shows it has 39.4% percent of population who was born in another country which is the 2nd most of all the places in the area. The city with the highest percent of population who was born in another country in the area is San Jose CCD-CA with a percent born outside the United States of 39.9% is only slightly larger. Comparing percent of population who was born in another country to the United States average of 13.4%, San Jose city-CA compares as approximately 2.9 times bigger. Also, measured against the state of California , percent of population who was born in another country of 27.0%, San Jose city-CA is 46.2% larger.shows the median age of non citizens and it has 37.5 median age of non citizens which is the 6th in median age of non citizens out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest median age of non citizens in the area is Burbank with a median age of 43.3 measures 15.5% larger.
Carmelo Anthony has already given up on this season and is preparing themselves for their annual summer-recruiting, having publicly stated that they will attempt to wine and dine Rajon Rondo to come play for the New York Knicks this summer. This amid rumors that Dwight Howard has floated the idea privately that they are interested in playing in the Big Apple.
Not only would this be a disaster for basketball reasons due to Knicks President of Basketball Operations Phil Jackson insistence on implementing the obsolete triangle offense (which requires a guard that shoots a quality percentage), but with the microscope put on all New York sports, the clashing of the three most toxic personalities in the NBA would be a total catastrophe.
Carmelo Anthony, Dwight Howard, and Rajon Rondo are already considered three of the most difficult players currently in the league, so bringing all three together can't be anything but a car crash, inside a train wreck, inside a plane crash, inside a tornado. Rondo hasn't worked well with any coach since before Doc Rivers left Boston, Carmelo is more interested in ‘rich people stuff' than winning NBA games, and Howard has been in a steep decline on the court since their back injury prior to be trading to the Lakers. Oh, and they just recently admitted to cheating for the last 5 years.
If Phil Jackson continues to demand the Knicks play within the triangle offense, they already have an elite piece for the foundation of said system, Kristaps Porzingis. Bringing in Howard and Rondo would immediately put a damper on the development of their budding star in lieu of attempting to build an immediate contender, and while a ‘Big 3' of Howard, Rondo, and Melo may bring the Knicks to the playoffs, but would be no match for the Cavaliers, Heat, Raptors, or Celtics.
While Howard may still be an elite defensive presence, and is still somewhat of a force to be reckoned with on the low block, Rondo playing the guard role in the triangle could fundamentally never work.  They are a career 28% shooter from beyond the three point line, and despite posting gaudy assist numbers in Sacramento this season, there is no doubt they would regress to the mean when not in a contract year. Even at their most efficient and effective prime, Rondo needed to be the centerpiece of the offense, with the ball in their hands on nearly every possession. They played best in a free flowing, pick and roll heavy offense, and although is having worked surprisingly well for the Kings, even if Phil would allow Rondo to play their brand of ball on the Knicks, it would create on court tension with Carmelo, who has posted a 32% usage percentage over each of the last two seasons.
Dwight Howard hasn't been happy with their role on the Rockets, having to play second fiddle to the vastly superior James Harden, and if they were to join a team with Carmelo and Rondo, both of whom are players that demand to have the ball in their hands more often than not, there's no way they wouldn't be throwing fits behind the scenes on a nightly basis, demanding a bigger offensive role. Even if they were just to join a team with Carmelo, and the Knicks couldn't land Rondo, there's no way the two could mesh on or off the court. They are too similar, both men want all the luxuries of being an NBA superstar, but none of the responsibilities.
The first issue the Knicks must deal with is having strong infrastructure, specifically at the top. Phil Jackson's future with the franchise is in question, as rumors of them rejoining the Lakers in a front office capacity have been swirling all season. The next step is for them to find a competent head coach, something the Knicks haven't had since before Isaiah Thomas was destroying the beloved franchise.
The Knicks next head coach must have both an identity ready to impose on their team, and be able to deal with major egos, something that few have currently mastered.
I can almost hear it now, echoes of Vince Young proclaiming the 2011 Philadelphia Eagles were a ‘dream team', coming hot off the heels of the Heat's ‘Big 3' coming together, it seemed like any group of superstars coming together were considered a dream team. The Melo-Rondo-Howard Knicks would be no Dream Team, only a nightmare.
Not only are all three stars considered selfish players on the court, but all three are notorious for being horrible in their media relations. Imagine the microscope placed on them by coming together, they would overhype themselves as bringing glory back to the mecca of basketball, and immediately crumble under their own expectations. Rondo is barely managing their career resurgence in Sacramento, on of the smallest media markets in the league, can you imagine the backlash if they were to slip a swear word on MSG TV?
Rondo can barely bite their tongue when talking to reporters…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIvKEENxcvc
Dwight is a King's jester and loves attention, but not the responsibility that goes with being a star…
…and Carmelo can't even issue an apology correctly.
Carmelo Anthony: Apology to Fan Was Knicks Owner's Idea https://t.co/JBXEWZFR73 pic.twitter.com/APbDs3yXaz — SLAM Magazine (@SLAMonline) March 3, 2016
With all this said, James Dolan, please make this happen. This trio may not be the big three New York needs, but the trifecta that you deserve.
——————————-
Check out the latest issue of the podcast:
https://soundcloud.com/pointsfromthekey/points-from-the-key-podcast-8-phil-jackson-the-coach-16-warriors-vs-96-bulls
ATHENS (Reuters) - When asked what they thought about the prospect of yet more austerity to be imposed on Greece by its international creditors, Nicos Papapetrou was fairly short.
A man counts their change on a main market street in central Athens, Greece, February 21. 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
“I had better stop ... because I will start swearing,” 49-year old Papapetrou, a shop assistant in Athens said.
Greeks appeared resigned on Tuesday to accepting further budget cuts and tax rises after their government agreed to a last-minute compromise of new reforms to keep bailout funds flowing.
Athens and its creditors - the euro zone and International Monetary Fund - agreed on Monday to resume talks on the long-stalled bailout review, but only after Greece agreed to examine what it described as “fiscally neutral” reforms from 2019 onwards.
That, local media have speculated, will mean a drop in the income tax threshold and further pension reform, in exchange for lower VAT rates on essential items and reduce annual tax rates on real estate.
“It's a left wing government and they are bringing new cutbacks to pensioners and will tax the poorest. They should be ashamed of themselves,” Papapetrou said.
Lenders have sought further reforms to pensions and tax credits, arguing that a present system is based on a relatively small number of taxpayers supporting a large contingent of pensioners.
The Greek government has responded that it needs not only money but some form of debt restructuring.
But ordinary Greeks, who have seen a quarter of their national output wiped out by austerity attached to bailout deals since 2010 with many living off pensions because of high unemployment, take a dim view.
“People simply don't have the money, people cannot afford new measures. They don't have enough to feed themselves,” said Spiridoula Gempanoglu, 47, who works at a butcher in central Athens.
“We used to have queues in this shop. Now we have a client an hour at best who buys a couple of pieces of chicken,” they said.
Nearly seven years of austerity have led to a spike in poverty levels, and the highest poverty rate increase in the European Union. Eurostat data from 2015 showed 22.2 percent of Greece's 11 million population were “severely materially deprived”.
Greek also has the highest unemployment rate in the EU - at 23 percent - and has just seen its economy contract again after being in deep recession since around 2009.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, whose leftist-led government is lagging in opinion polls, has frequently said Greeks cannot take more austerity.
But it appeared on Tuesday as if they had had to cave in.
Yanis Varoufakis, who served as finance minister under Tsipras's administration prior to accepting the nation's third bailout in mid-2015, was scathing of the deal.
“Lenders once again imposed on Athens insincere and unattainable targets. Congratulations!” they said in a Twitter feed.
The conservative opposition New Democracy, which has a double-digit lead in opinion polls, said the government was trying to mask its complete retreat in a bid to get the bailout inspectors back to Athens.
“What's certain is that the government will slap on more taxes by lowering the income tax exemption and will further cut pensions,” former conservative Deputy Finance Minister Christos Satikouras said in a statement.
“While it was saying it would not yield to the IMF's demands, today it is accepting them ... trapping the country in austerity policies for many more years.”
Nanaimo Spring Meet
The Nanaimo Spring meet is coming fast. Sunday March 10, 2019 is now less than two weeks away.
Central Hobbies will be there at the Beban Park Recreation Centre, 2300 Bowen Road, Nanaimo, BC., 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. .
If there is anything you want brought over to Nanaiomo, please let us know in advance, in case we have to order it in.
Western Rails 2019
Western Rails is coming fast. Sunday March 24, 2019 is less than a month away.
Central Hobbies will be there at the Cameron Community Centre in Burnaby, 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. .
If there is anything you want brought to the show, please let us know in advance, in case we have to order it in.
Digitrax News
The new Zephyr Express has arrived from Digitrax. It is a very good upgrade of the previous Zephyr Extra.
Much easier to use.
CPR Caboose Color Guide
The Morning Sun Canadian Pacific Caboose Color Guide 1877-2017 has arrived.
2019 Spring Model Train Shows
The Nanaimo show is Sunday March 10, 2019 at Beban Park Recration Centre in Nanaimo BC.
Central Hobbies will be there. If there is anything you want brought over to the show please let us know in advance.
Western Rails is on Sunday March 24, 2019 at cameron Community Centre in Burnaby, one week later than usual.
Central Hobbies will be there. If there is anything you want brought to the show please let us know in advance.
Super Train in Calagry is the weekend of April 13 and 14, 2019 at The Genesis (Wellness) Centre, #10, 7555 Falconridge Blvd. NE, Calgary, Alberta T3J 0C9.
Central Hobbies will be there. If there is anything you want brought to the show please let us know in advance.
Full details at Supertrain 2019 .
The 29th Annual Victoria Model Railroad Show is in early May on Sunday May 5, 2019 at the
West Shore Curling Rink at Juan de Fuca Recreation Centre, 1767 Island Highway, Colwood.
Central Hobbies will be there. If there is anything you want brought to the show please let us know in advance.
The Kootenay Express 2019 is May 29 - June 2, 2019 in Cranbrook, BC.
Train Sets
Train Sets are for all year long, not just Christmas.
Central Hobbies stocks Train Sets all year round.
Some of what we have is stock is on our Train Sets Web Page.
RAPIDO Icons of Canadian Steam
Rapido has announced a multi year series of Canadian Steam Locomotives. Details at: Rapido Trains Announcements Web Page and Rapido Locomotives - Hudsons
RAPIDO CPR Royal Hudson Announcements
The first release in Rapidos "Icons of Canadian Steam" release is the CPR Royal Hudson.
Details as to road numbers and model specific details at: Rapido Trains Announcements Web Page and Rapido Locomotives - Hudsons
We are taking reservations for these models now.
Delivery for these models is delayed to 2019.
RAPIDO TRAINS Announcements
Due to the large number of Rapido trains Announcements we now have a separate Rapido Trains Announcements Web Page.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 330,000 children will be hit by Tory plans to slash the benefit cap - and nearly two thirds of the victims will be single mums.
The devastating toll has been unveiled in the government's own impact assessment into how the policy will work.
Documents slipped out during last night's welfare debate - but not published online thanks to 'logistical issues' - show 126,000 families will lose £63 a week.
The Chancellor is also lining up a £20bn raid on public spending to be unveiled in just four months.
And the revelations came as 48 Labour MPs defied their acting leader to try and block Conservative welfare cuts.
Harriet Harman had urged backbenchers not to oppose the latest social security assault, including the benefit cap, in a bid to show Labour had "listened" to voters' devastating general election verdict.
How many homes are affected by the benefits cap? Source: DWP impact assessment
The figures slipped out as MPs debated the Conservatives' Welfare Reform and Work Bill showed the huge effect fresh cuts would have on families with the lowest incomes.
As last night's fiery Commons exchanges got underway, the Department for Work and Pensions quietly published the Welfare Reform and Work Bill impact assessment.
It reveals that slashing from £26,000 the maximum benefits a family can claim will plunder £63 a week from average budgets of those affected - £3,276 a year.
Single mums will by far be hit the hardest by the move to a £20,000 limit, or £23,000 in London.
A whopping 64% of all affected claimants are expected to be single women compared to just 12% for single men.
The vast majority of the women - 59% of all those affected - will be single mums.
In total 92,000 new households will be drawn into the cap on top of the 34,000 who would already be affected.
How much will benefit cap raid from families? Source: DWP impact assessment
The worst-hit will be those who are already capped - losing £64 a week on top of what they've already suffered. Those brought into the cap for the first time will lose £39 a week on average.
It'll mean picking £95m from the pockets of all those affected next year, soaring to £300m by the end of 2017/18. By 2021 it'll be £480m.
The assessment claims the policy will deliver "further positive change" by encouraging cash-strapped families into work.
But it admits a whopping £800m will have to be set aside for 'discretionary housing payments', which cover desperate benefit claimants who can't afford their rent, by 2020.
Spending on the payments has already soared thanks to the bedroom tax.
A DWP spokesperson said: "The benefit cap provides a clear incentive for people to move into work and ensures we have a welfare system that is fair for those who need it and those who pay for it.
"We know that many people who have had their benefits capped move into work, reduce their housing benefit claim or are no longer claiming housing benefit at all, and these figures do not take into account this behavioural change."
After the Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses wrapped up last month, Bernie Sanders and their campaign team had a decision to make: pick the next goal. Despite months of chatter about the senator urging party insiders to overturn voters' will, Team Sanders didn't seriously consider such an approach, knowing it wouldn't work anyway.
Instead, the Vermonter and their aides turned their attention to the Democratic platform, launching a spirited fight to move the document to the left. As of late last week, there can be little doubt that Sanders has succeeded: as MSNBC's Alex Seitz-Wald reported , Dems are moving forward with “what is almost certainly the most progressive platform in the party's history.”
The draft platform states Americans should earn $15 per hour and have a right to join a union, and it supports a so-called “model employer executive order” to raise standards for federal government contractors. It calls for the complete abolishment of the death penalty, stating, “It has no place in the United States of America.” On Wall Street, the platform lays out a number of reforms proposed by Clinton, Sanders and other Democrats, and states the party “will not hesitate to use and expand existing authorities as well as empower regulators to downsize or break apart financial institutions,” it states.
The document, which is available in its entirety , is surprising in its audacity on everything from free community college to expanding Social Security, overturning Citizens United to banning assault weapons, criminal justice reform to repealing the Hyde Amendment that prevents public funding of abortion.
There can be little doubt that many of these provisions and more – reforming the carried-interest loophole, postal banking, the industry ties of Federal Reserve board members – can be attributed directly to the Sanders campaign's role in negotiating the terms of the platform. The senator and their team made a concerted effort to move the document to the left, and they achieved their goals in dramatic fashion. The Washington Post's Greg Sargent noted late last week, shortly before the platform draft was released, that Sanders has won “some big victories,” and that's absolutely true.
The question is whether that will be enough.
Thus far, officials with Hillary Clinton's campaign and the DNC have been working with Sanders' team, but the senator hasn't won every fight. They want the platform to oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership, which Democrats are unwilling to put in the document since President Obama supports and negotiated the trade agreement. Sanders also fought for an endorsement of single-payer health care and a new tax on carbon, but the party wasn't prepared to go along with these provisions, either.
That said, as an objective matter, Sanders has had at least as much of an impact on the Democratic platform as any second-place finisher in modern times. The senator may have come up short in the national race, but they nevertheless succeeded in their principal, short-term goal.
And yet, over the holiday weekend, Sanders wrote an op-ed in the Philadelphia Inquirer arguing that their victories aren't enough: the platform, they said, “needs to be significantly improved.”
The senator has said more than once during their candidacy that he's prepared to do everything within their power to defeat Donald Trump and elect the Democratic ticket. And while it's very likely that Sanders will follow through on that commitment, it's unclear when, exactly, he'll start pursuing this goal.
We'll never know for sure, but part of me wonders what the presidential race would look like right now if Sanders, once the race for the Democratic nomination wrapped up, had quickly endorsed Clinton, helped unite progressive voters, and focused their energies less on the platform and more on becoming one of the party's leading anti-Trump voices – all while positioning their movement as a powerful contingent in Democratic politics.
ACADEMY
CHICAGO (June 30, 2016) – U.S. Soccer has announced the first 25 clubs that will be a part of the Girls' Development Academy, an initiative designed to accelerate the development of world-class female players. The new program, which will begin play in the fall of 2017, will be comprised of this first group of clubs that are among the most elite in the United States.
The program will focus on positively impacting everyday club environments to maximize elite female youth player development. Increasing the training to game ratio, playing fewer but more meaningful games and providing assistance for coaching education and development are just some of the standards and best practices the program will promote.
Since 2007, the U.S. Soccer Development Academy has served as the elite male youth player development model for the country and has significantly improved the everyday environment for players, coaches, referees and clubs. The Girls' Development Academy will be structured with many of the same principles and will begin play in the fall of 2017.
“Launching a Girls' Development Academy is part of an unprecedented commitment to elevating the women's game," said U.S. Soccer Women's Technical Director April Heinrichs. "The Development Academy program will offer clubs support and education to positively impact the development of players and coaches throughout the country.”
"We all know how important it is to create the correct environment and expectations for elite player development, something that was highlighted for me during my time as Development Director for our youth Women's National Teams,” said U.S. Women's National Team head coach Jill Ellis. “The Development Academy is an important step forward to continue the growth of the women's game in the United States, and to create the best pathway for players to reach their full potential.”
The following 25 clubs are the first being admitted to the Girls' Development Academy with more announcements taking place in the near future.
U.S. Soccer is excited to welcome the following clubs:
Beach FC (Torrance, Calif.) FC Dallas (Frisco, Texas) Real Colorado (Highlands Ranch, Co.) Boston Breakers (Watertown, Mass.) LAFC Slammers (Los Angeles, Calif.) San Diego Surf (San Diego, Calif.) CASL (Raleigh, N.C.) Lamorinda (Moraga, Calif.) Seattle Reign (Seattle, Wash.) Cincinnati Development Academy (Kings Hammer/CUP) (Cincinnati, Ohio) Michigan Hawks (Livonia, Mich.) Sky Blue FC-PDA (Bernardsville, N.J.) Mustang (Danville, Calif.) So Cal Blues (Rancho Capistrano, Calif.) Colorado Rush (Littleton, Co.) Orlando Pride (Orlando, Fla.) Sockers FC (Palatine, Ill.) Concorde Fire (Atlanta, Ga.) Penn Fusion SA (Westtown, Pa.) Solar Chelsea SC (Dallas, Texas) Crossfire (Redmond, Wash.) Portland Thorns (Portland, Ore.) Washington Spirit - Virginia (Fairfax, Va.) De Anza Force (Saratoga, Calif.) Tophat NTH (Atlanta, Ga.)
These first 25 clubs have a total of 119 staff and coaches that hold a U.S. Soccer A or B Coaching License, and includes 91 coaches who are employed on a fulltime basis. To date, these clubs have produced 307 players for U.S. Soccer's National Teams (youth and senior) as well as 84 professional soccer players. In addition, this group will be providing 276 full scholarships with a total of $1.49 million of scholarship funds being contributed.
Club applications were evaluated and accepted by U.S. Soccer's technical staff based on the following criteria:
Leadership of the club and quality of the coaching staff
Desire to embrace and promote the core values of the program
U.S. Soccer license levels of coaching staff
Infrastructure of the club and the resources currently being invested in development (facilities, scholarships, staff to player ratio, etc.)
History of player production for Youth National Teams, the senior Women's National Team and professional leagues
Market and depth of the player pool, geographic location and travel implications and proximity to other elite clubs
The program will feature three combined age groups: U-14/15, U-16/17 and U-18/19. Clubs will be expected to train a minimum of four times a week. The use of combined age groups will require clubs to form teams with a balanced roster of players from two distinct birth years. The games will be scouted by U.S. Soccer and the program will serve as the primary pathway to the Youth National Teams.
In addition to combining the most elite players from each birth year to form the mixed age group player pool, coaches will be encouraged to play their players “up” on an older age team within the club to help accelerate development.
The competitive framework will focus on the core values of the program, which emphasizes quality coaching and teaching in a positive learning environment for players with zero tolerance for poor behavior from coaches.
For clubs interested in applying to join the Girls' Development Academy, the application is available online. The deadline to submit club applications and all supporting documents is July 1, 2016 at 11:59 p.m. CT. Club applications will be evaluated by U.S. Soccer staff based on the Key Performance Criteria, detailed in the Frequently Asked Questions.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption The Jamaican bobsleigh team returned to Calgary where they debuted in the 1988 Olympics
The Jamaican bobsleigh team was rescued by a good Samaritan after their van broke down in Calgary, Alberta, over the weekend.
The perennial underdogs caught a lucky break in the same city where they made their Olympic debut in 1988.
The debut became the subject of the 1993 film Cool Runnings, starring John Candy.
The 12-person team was in town for a competition on Sunday.
Kathleen Pulito, the team's social media director, told the Calgary Herald the team is on a shoestring budget and the van was supposed to take them across the country as they set their sights on the 2018 Winter Olympics.
"We're just trying to do what we can, get one place to the next and hoping we don't run out of money," they said.
Shortly after the team tweeted about their predicament, a GoFundMe page had sprouted up to try and raise enough money for repairs.
David Schnerch was out doing some errands on Saturday when they passed by the van, and saw team members trying to fiddle with the vehicle's battery.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption The Jamaican Bobsled Team are seen here prepping for competition
Being in possession of a booster cable himself, Schnerch pulled over and tried to give them a jump. When that didn't work they drove the team to Canada Olympic Park themselves so that they could make their race.
"Just focus on the race," they said. "We'll get you what you need."
After their race in Calgary, the team needed to make it to Whistler, British Columbia, for another competition. So Schnerch gave them the key to theirs truck.
"If they still need it, once they're done they'll get it back to me," they told the BBC.
Pulito told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation a local car rental agency has donated a van so they can get to Whistler, and some much-needed cash. The team continues to fundraise on online to help fuel their Olympic dreams.
Ever wonder what the life of an up-and-coming entrepreneur or a CEO really looks like? Considering a leap to a startup? Or just curious about the day-to-day of someone navigating their way in a different industry? Women@Forbes new ‘Day In the Life' series gives an insider's view of what these women do — from their inspirational and behind-the-scenes moments at work to the apps, productivity tips and stress-reducing tricks they can't live without.
A great place to practice the art of dealmaking is in an antique market. It's usually a place where the seller has control over price and is often looking to move inventory. It can be a fun experience that can surprise you with the lucrative treasures you might uncover.
Antique markets can be an ideal testing ground to practice bargaining and improvisation around anchoring and pricing. It can also be a low-risk environment that can help you hone your relationship-building and active listening skills. I talked to vintage and antique dealers about what they look for in good deal. Let's see what they had to share:
11am: It's a leisurely Sunday, and I am excited to spend the day at the City Wide Garage Sale in Austin, Texas. The market is a 40-year-old monthly antique and vintage market that features unusual, collectable and hard-to-find goods. I'm ready to be inspired by some funky vintage items and excited to practice my own retail bargaining skills.
12pm: I started by talking to Ms. Dorothy McPhaul. "Our store started in 1918, started by my grandfather. Antiques have a way of recycling themselves. I try to be fair when I'm bargaining. It comes back around if you're too cheap. Usually it's about 20-30% markup and if I have room, I'll try to give a discount. If you're dealing with a non-collector, they might need to be schooled a bit. With a collector, it's more about how much you bought it for."
1pm: Sally Holmes has been dealing antiques, specifically turquoise jewelry, since 1982. "I started by opening up a gift shop, and segued into jewelry. I try to buy the best quality that I can get and make some profit on it. If I get a good deal, I'm going to pass that on to the customer. I have a lot of relationships with dealers out west and that's key. Trends don't seem to effect the popularity of this jewelry. Texan women love their silver and turquoise!"
2pm: Larissa and Charles Cowey deal in mid-century modern and reclaimed items as a side hustle. Larissa tells me "We've been doing this for a year and a half, and this is the first time in twenty years we're not teaching summer school. We started with garage sales and we're making a good profit. Charles has an engineering mind and they repurposed things in interesting ways. We want to make a profit but we want customers to enjoy the item as well. Helping create joy and thoughtfulness means a lot to us, and would convince us to move on price. "
3pm: Deborah Dunn has been in vintage sales for over thirty years. They tell me "I gamble with tangible items. I love talking to people, learning what they're looking for and being grateful for repeat customers. The main thing is to be considerate of your customers, and just listening to people. I treat people as I want to be treated. Prices, markets and the research has changed. Research is so much easier to do now, all you have to do is get on your phone and see what an item is selling for. And I never stop learning."
6pm: I'm finally home and watching the sunset in my backyard. It's been such a rich day of conversations and stories, both about items and about the people I've met at the market. It's interesting, too, that the vendors I talked to emphasized movement in inventory and taking care of customer relationships. Both these pieces of wisdom strike me as key best practices in negotiation and business. I feel inspired!
O UFC Rio 8, ou UFC 212, terá em seu card uma rara luta entre brasileiros. Os pesos-galos Iuri Marajó e Felipe Sertanejo se enfrentarão no evento, que acontece dia 3 de junho na Cidade Maravilhosa. A informação foi apurada pelo Combate.com junto a fontes próximas à organização. Marajó e Sertanejo já se enfrentaram, no histórico UFC Rio 1, ou UFC 134, realizado em 2011, e o paraense levou a melhor por decisão unânime dos juízes.
Felipe Sertanejo e Iuri Marajó farão, no UFC 212, ou UFC Rio 8, a revanche da luta entre os dois em 2011 (Editoria de Arte)
Aos 29 anos, o paulista Felipe Sertanejo já disputou quatro lutas contra brasileiros em eventos do UFC no país. Esta será sua quinta luta contra compatriotas no Brasil - já enfrentou, além de Iuri Marajó, Miltinho Vieira, Godofredo Pepey e Edmílson Kevin. Com 29 lutas na carreira, Sertanejo tem 18 vitórias, oito derrotas, um empate e duas lutas sem resultado, e vem de derrota para o mexicano Erik Perez, em novembro de 2016.
Melhor colocado no ranking oficial da categoria que Sertanejo - ocupa a 13ª posição - Iuri Marajó, que havia sido cogitado por Aljamain Sterling como seu próximo adversário - é sete anos mais velho que o seu rival. Ao to-do, o paraense fará, na revanche contra o paulista, sua sétima luta contra compatriotas em eventos realizados no Brasil - além do próprio Sertanejo, também enfrentou Hacran Dias, Pedro Nobre, Iliarde Santos, Wilson Reis e Leandro Issa. Ao to-do, Marajó tem 42 lutas em seu cartel profissional, com 34 vitórias, sete derrotas e uma luta sem resultado.
Iuri Marajó e Felipe Sertanejo se enfrentaram no UFC 134, ou UFC Rio 1, em 2011 (Foto: Getty Images)
UFC 212
3 de junho, no Rio de Janeiro
CARD DO EVENTO (até o momento):
Peso-pena: José Aldo x Max Holloway
Peso-palha: Cláudia Gadelha x Karolina Kowalkiewicz
Peso-médio: Anderson Silva x adversário a definir
Peso-médio: Vitor Belfort x Nate Marquardt
Peso-galo: Iuri Marajó e Felipe Sertanejo
Peso-meio-médio: Erick Silva x Yancy Medeiros
Peso-leve: Léo Santos x Olivier Aubin-Mercier
Peso-galo: Johnny Eduardo x Mathew Lopez
Peso-galo: Marco Beltrán x Deiveson Alcântara
Peso-médio: Antônio Cara de Sapato x Eric Spicely
Peso-médio: Paulo Borrachinha x Oluwale Bamgbose
Peso-galo: Raphael Assunção x Marlon Moraes
Peso-palha: Viviane Sucuri x Jamie Moyle
Peso-meio-médio: Luan Chagas x Jim Wallhead
In a joint venture between Capcom and Six Flag Entertainment, there's a new Resident Evil 6 promotion coming to celebrate this year's Halloween.
If you can't wait to get some hands-on experience with the upcoming Resident Evil title, then you might want to get down to a Six Flags theme park for this new promotional event.
You'll get to take part in the annual Six Flags Fright Fest event, and if you're 17 or older, then you'll get exclusive access to the M-rated game.
They're also running a special raffle as part of the promotion that will offer fans the chance to win a trip for them and another person to any of the Six Flags parks in the USA. That not good enough? Well, there's also VIP access, front line privileges and some Resident Evil 6 swag.
Hurry and book rooms for as low as U$ 100! The NYC Hotel Week happens in January and for just 8 days you can grab top quality rooms at very special rates.
From January 3rd to the 12th 2014 you will be able to book select hotels from prices ranging from U$ 100 to U$ 300 – irresistible rates considering these rooms can typically go from U$ 500 and up.
Deluxe Room at NYC's Gansevoort Park Avenue.
Photo: Magda Biernat
The following table offers details on the participating properties:
HOTEL NEIGHBORHOOD RATE* PHONE NUMBER/ WEB SITE/HOW TO BOOK HOTEL NEIGHBORHOOD RATE* PHONE NUMBER/ WEB SITE/HOW TO BOOK Ace Hotel Flatiron, Chelsea $200 Book Online or call +1 (212) 679-2222 and mention Hotel Week Affinia Manhattan Midtown $100 Go to www.affinia.com and enter code HTWEEK or call +1 (866) 246-2203 and mention Hotel Week Hotel Americano Chelsea $200 Go to hotel-americano.com and enter code Hotel Week nyma, the new york manhattan hotel Herald Square $100 Call +1 (800) 567-7720 or +1 (212) 790-2710 and mention Hotel Week Ramada New York/Eastside Murray Hill $100 Call +1 (800) 567-7720 or +1 (212) 790-2710 and mention Hotel Week The Hotel @ Times Square $100 Call +1 (800) 567-7720 or +1 (212) 790-2710 and mention Hotel Week Hotel Chandler Flatiron $200 Go to www.hotelchandler.com or call +1 (866) 627 7847 or +1 (212) 889 6363 and mention Hotel Week Cosmopolitan Hotel – TriBeCa Tribeca $100 Go to cosmohotel.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (212) 566-1900 Gansevoort Park Ave Kips Bay, Murray Hill, Gramercy, Midtown East $200 Book Online or call +1 (212) 317-2900 and mention Hotel Week Comfort Inn Times Square South Times Square $100 Book Online or call +1 (212) 268-3040 and mention Hotel Week Quality Inn Midtown West, Hell's Kitchen $100 Book Online or call +1 (212) 714-6699 and mention Hotel Week The GEM Hotel Chelsea Chelsea $100 Book Online or call +1 (212) 65-1911 and mention Hotel Week The GEM Hotel Midtown West, Hell's Kitchen $100 Book Online or call +1 (212) 967-7206 and mention Hotel Week The GEM Hotel SoHo SoHo, Lower East Side $100 Book online or call +1 (212) 358-8844 and mention Hotel Week The Jade Hotel Greenwich Village $200 Book Online or call +1 (212) 375-1300 and mention Hotel Week The James New York SoHo $300 Go to jameshotels.com/hotelweek or call +1 (888) 526-3778 and mention Hotel Week Kitano New York Hotel Murray Hill, Empire State, Time Square $200 Book Online or call +1 (212) 885-7000 and mention Hotel Week Casablanca Hotel Times Square, Theatre District $200 Go to casablancahotel.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (212) 869-1212 and mention Hotel Week Hotel Elysee Midtown East $200 Go to elyseehotel.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (212) 753-1066 and mention Hotel Week Hotel Giraffe NoMad $200 Go to hotelgiraffe.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (212) 685-7700 and mention Hotel Week Library Hotel Midtown, Grand Central $200 Go to libraryhotel.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (212) 983-4500 and mention Hotel Week The Maritime Hotel Chelsea $200 Book Online or call +1 (212) 242-4300 and mention Hotel Week Marrakech Hotel on Broadway Upper West Side $100 Book Online or call +1 (212) 222-2954 and mention Hotel Week THE OUT NYC Hell's Kitchen $200 Book Online or call +1 (646) 527-7918 and mention Hotel Week Pod 39 Midtown East, Murray Hill and Times Square $100 Call +1 (212) 865-5700 and mention Hotel Week Refinery Hotel New York Fashion District $200 Go to refineryhotelnewyork.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (646) 664-0310 and mention Hotel Week The Roger New York Madison Square Park $200 Call +1 (888) 448-7788 or +1 (212) 448-7000 and mention Hotel Week NYC 2014 or email [email protected] com Sanctuary Hotel NYC Times Square $200 Go to sanctuaryhotelnyc.com and enter code HOTWK or call +1 (212) 234-7000 Thompson LES Lower East Side $300 Go to thompsonhotels.com and enter code HOTELWEEK or call +1 (212) 460-5300 and mention Hotel Week Wolcott Hotel Midtown, NoMad $100 Go to wolcott.com and enter code njw2014 or call +1 (212) 268-2900 and mention Hotel Week
Find out more.
Fort Collins, CO – On April 15, 2016, Odell Brewing released its newest Cellar Series beer, Prop Culture, a funky Farmhouse Ale highlighting 10+ yeast strains for a fresh, fruity flavor.
“Balancing out the flavors of the various strains of yeast was the challenge with this project. It requires time to age and it must be checked constantly,” said Tony Rau, Lab Tech and Yeast Beast. “Yeast is often the unsung hero in all brewing. Being one of the 4 key ingredients, it often times sits in the background. With Prop Culture, we are hoping to help bring it into the limelight.”
Prop Culture is a funky Farmhouse Ale consisting of multiple yeast strains. While most ales and lagers go through a primary fermentation and then a maturation stage, this ale went through a primary fermentation with a Belgian yeast and then through a secondary aging process with a cocktail of brewer's yeast and wild yeast. We let the Saccharomyces cultures do the heavy lifting by converting the bulk of the wort sugars while the Brettanomyces cultures did the fine tuning resulting in a collage of flavors like pineapple, pear, mango, and banana balanced by a clove like spiciness.
Prop Culture is 100% bottle conditioned. This Cellar Series beer will be available in 750ml cork and cage bottles in all of the brewery's 12 state distribution footprint. Celebrate this release in their tap room on Friday, April 15.
About Odell Brewing
Odell Brewing is an independent, family and employee owned regional craft brewery. Since 1989, the culture of family and collaboration has thrived, fostering a brewery full of beer-centric people. It is this passion for beer that inspires Odell Brewing to create quality, hand-crafted and innovative brews. Odell Brewing is committed to providing exceptional service to its customers while making positive contributions to their co-workers and community through its outreach and charitable giving programs. Odell Brewing was named the “Best Medium Sized Company to Work For” in Colorado in 2015 and is the 34th largest craft brewery in the Unites States.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A Portland man indicted on dozens of sex-crime charges has pleaded not guilty.
Thomas Oliver entered the pleas at their arraignment Friday and received a court-appointed attorney. Bail was set at $5.4 million.
Portland police have not released many details about the case. Sgt. Pete Simpson says it involves six women or girls and they include sex trafficking victims, domestic relationships and friends of the 35-year-old man.
A Multnomah County grand jury secretly indicted Oliver last month, and it was revealed Thursday. He's charged with rape, sodomy, sex abuse, kidnapping and using a child in a display of sexually explicit conduct.
Court documents show the oldest allegation dates back to 2007 and the most recent incident was in March 2016.
Oliver has two prior arrests for patronizing a prostitute.
By: Joe Lami
STANFORD, Calif.–
On Monday, it was the Stanford Cardinal that stormed the court, as they ended the longest winning streak in the country held by Connecticut at 47 games. On Thursday, it was the Texas Longhorns that did the storming, as they Stanford's home winning streak at 28 games defeating them 87-81 in overtime.
Poor shooting is to blame for the loss, as Stanford had troubled all game, finishing just 36% from the field, and when it mattered most a dreadful 14% in overtime. The Cardinal's problems also flooded into three-point territory as they finished the night 26% from beyond the arc. Taking way too many shots from beyond the arc as well, as they attempted 27. Stanford head coach, Tara VanDerveer, admitted it too “we took way too many perimeter shots”.
Texas, on the other hand, had no trouble scoring. They finished the night 49% from the field, and had four different players get into double digits. Nneka Enemkpali led the way with 18 points, Ariel Atkins added 16, including a perfect night from the charity strike. Kelsey Lang scored 14 and almost completed the double double, as they were just one rebound shy. Empress Davenport finished the night with 13 points.
“Texas was extremely motivated, they got the better of us,” said VanDerveer following the loss. The coach also added “Our team battled, but we didn't have the pep in our step that we need. We didn't play very well and still forced overtime”. It is also the first time in school history, where the Cardinal have played in back-to-back overtime games.
It was a back and forth affair, which saw seven different lead changes. However, Texas did dominate most of the night, as they led most of the way, with their biggest lead being ten. Stanford was down by nine with just over ten minutes to go, before they were able to turn it around and get the game close again. The Cardinal then went on a 7-0 run to make the game close once again.
The Cardinal gained the lead late in the game. However, Texas was able to tie it up with just one second remaining thanks to a drive by Davenport.
Thursday night was a major disappointment, especially after the win against the Huskies on Monday, but Lili Thompson views it as a learning experience “We definitely have things to work on. Even with beating UConn on Monday”.
Thompson led the way for the Cardinal for the third straight game, as they finished the night with 28 points. Amber Orrange was the only other Cardinal player to get into double figures, as they added 15 before fouling out in the 29 minutes that they played.
Thursday night saw a combined 51 fouls between the two squads. Three different players fouled out, two for Texas and one for Stanford. Seven other players got into foul trouble, with at least three fouls or more. Texas coach, Karen Aston, commented after the game “We're an aggressive team, that's our style. However, nobody wants that many fouls”.
For Texas, it is one of their biggest wins in school history, as it is the first time since February 1, 2009 where the Longhorns have defeated an AP Top 10 team. It also is the first time in the last six contests, where the Longhorns have come out on top of the Cardinal. “I've never experienced in four years, what I'm experiencing now,” commented Enemkpali.
The home winning streak is over at Maples at 28 games. The previous loss suffered on home court for the Cardinal was January 3rd of last year to the #7 Cal Bears 67-55. They look to start a new streak next month against the Santa Clara Broncos, but before they can do that they have to head off on the road. The Cardinal will travel to New Mexico to take on the Lobos on Monday before they're off to Hawaii to participate in the Rainbow Wahine Shootout in Honolulu over Thanksgiving weekend. The Hawaiian trip consist of three games in three days, with the opponents being North Carolina, Hawaii and Prairie View A&M.
Donald Trump called their Democratic rival 'the devil' on Monday in a high-profile escalation of their campaign rhetoric – at precisely the moment they needed to change the subject.
Facing a four-day-long scandal over their criticism of the father of a Muslim soldier who died in combat, the Republican presidential nominee shifted gears.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, Trump told an overflow crowd at a high school in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania, 'made a deal with the devil' when they endorsed Clinton at last week's Democratic National Convention.
'She's the devil!' they added.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
'SHE'S THE DEVIL!': Donald Trump went all-in on Monday night as they said that when Bernie Sanders made an endorsement 'deal with the devil,' Hillary Clinton was the Satan figure
DEAL WITH HER: Trump said Bernie Sanders made a 'deal with the devil' when they agreed to endorse Hillary Clinton during last week's Democratic National Convention
Trump has hinted at the insult before, saying Friday in Colorado that 'Bernie blew it. They sold their soul to the devil. They did.'
But Trump had previously stopped short of declaring that Hillary Clinton is, in fact, the Prince – or Princess – of Darkness.
By rallying around Clinton instead of standing on principle, the billionaire said, Sanders 'made a bad deal. They should have not made a deal. They would have gone down as [having] done something really important.'
'Once they made that deal, and believe me, they have buyer's remorse.'
'If they would have just not done anything – just go home, go to sleep, relax – they would have been a hero,' they said. 'But they made a deal with the devil. She's the devil! They made a deal with the devil. It's true.'
It's not the first time Satan has figured in this year's presidential election.
NO FINGERS? Trump celebrated their day in Ohio and Pennsylvania with KFC chicken – and a knife and fork
CAPACITY CROWD: Thousands packed a high school gymnasium to hear their plainspoken political hero speak on Monday night
NOT THE FIRST: Ben Carson connected Clinton to Beelzebub last month, saying at the Republican National Convention that their mentor Saul Alinsky had dedicated their book 'Rules for Radicals' to Lucifer
Sanders' campaign manager Jeff Weaver told CNN in April that it was Clinton who 'made a deal with the devil' by accepting millions in campaign cash from Wall Street banks.
'LUCIFER IN THE FLESH': John Boehner (pictured) used that epithet to roast Sen. Ted Cruz in April
'And we know the devil wants their money in the end,' Weaver said.
Weeks later, former House Speaker John Boehner told an audience at Stanford University that Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who was then giving Trump a strong primary fight, was 'Lucifer in the flesh' and 'a miserable son of a b**ch.'
And Dr. Ben Carson, who may run the Department of Health and Human Services in a Trump administration, tried to tie Clinton to the devil two weeks ago during their Republican National Convention speech.
The former secretary of state, Carson said, was a disciple of far-left activist Saul Alinsky – who dedicated their book 'Rules for Radicals' to 'Lucifer, the original radical who gained their own kingdom.'
Trump's Pennsylvania speech was heavy on talk of manufacturing jobs and trade, clobbering the Clintons for their 1990s era support for the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The Republican nominee has called NAFTA the 'biggest job-killer' in recent history. It's a theme he's hit on often in rust-belt states including Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio.
Trump also predicted that despite their recent flip on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Clinton will back the multi-nation trade pact if they become president.
Man Held at Gunpoint After Stealing Guns
According to the criminal complaint, on September 14, officers were sent to a residence in Perry Township for a report of an individual in physical custody by the homeowner for possession of stolen firearms. Upon arrival officers saw Pete Lopez, 42, of New Castle, lying on the ground being secured by the homeowner. Investigation revealed Lopez had stolen firearms from the homeowner while they were staying at the residence off and on for a few weeks with the homeowners daughter. The homeowner suspected Lopez was the thief and had asked them to return the guns, to which Lopez stated they didn't know anything about. Eventually Lopez stated they had found the guns and that they were sold to a New Castle drug dealer in exchange for $350.00 worth of narcotics. Lopez also stated they had told the dealer that they had to get the firearms back to the rightful owner and offered $200.00 for the guns. Lopez drove the stolen guns back to the victim at which time the victim took one of the stolen guns out from the trunk, loaded a chamber into it and told Lopez to get on the ground while they waited for police to arrive. Lopez later changed their story stating they had stolen the guns [four shotguns] during the middle of the night while the daughter and homeowner were sleeping and the firearms remained in their trunk until they were returned. They said they stole them to try and sell them but did not have any luck finding a buyer. The officer discovered that Lopez had prior convictions of robbery, burglary, and firearms not to be carried without license which would prohibit them from controlling or possessing firearms. Lopez is now facing felony charges of theft, receiving stolen property, and persons not to possess, use, control, sell or transfer firearms.
New Castle Man Facing Charges for Headbutting Girlfriend
According to the criminal complaint, on September 19, officers were dispatched to an Ellwood City residence for a domestic dispute. Upon arrival, officers found the victim, girlfriend of Joshua Randal Bartley, 37, of New Castle, bleeding from the face and neck. The girlfriend stated they and Bartley were arguing and they had headbutted them Bartley was placed under arrest for harassment and simple assault.
Reading Time: 3 minutes
Although many commentators, bloggers, and armchair pundits argue that solar power is only cost-effective in sunny locations, the fact is that just isn't true. While the argument that more sun means more electricity means more savings may seem tenable at first, it isn't consistent with what's happening in today's solar market. New Jersey certainly isn't mounting a strong challenge to become the new “Sunshine State,” and yet, it's installed more solar than any other state in the U.S. On the global stage, high-latitude Germany is the clear leader in solar installations. An endless summer is no longer a requirement for solar power success.
Top 25 Cities That Benefit From Solar Energy Installations
Check out the data we compiled below for a geographically-diverse smattering of 25 major U.S. cities. Using PV Watts – a tool that estimates the amount of energy a solar power system will generate anywhere in the United States – we gathered the key information for each city that illustrates the annual savings benefits possible across the country. [cost of electricity, average annual solar radiation, estimated electricity output of a 5 kW system (assuming an 80% derate factor, 180 degree azimuths, and array tilt equal to the city's latitude), annual electric bill savings (cost of electricity X electricity produced), and production ratio (electricity produced/size of system)]. The following table shows the results of our calculations, sorted by annual savings from highest to lowest:
This is a lot of data to sift through, but here are some key take-aways:
1. Greater electricity costs mean greater savings, regardless of location
There is a strong correlation between your electricity costs and the savings you can expect from switching to solar. The four cities with the highest estimated annual savings are also the four cities with the highest electricity costs. So, even if you don't live in a sunny location, if your electric rates are higher, you can save large amounts of money by switching to solar.
Solar Panels Work Just as Well in Cloudy Cities
For instance, New York receives less sun than 18 of the 25 cities we looked at, but with the highest electricity costs (17.5¢ per kWh), its residents stand to save the most from installing solar panels. Seattle is at the bottom of the list in terms of possible savings which seems to support the argument about not having enough sun diminishing the value of going solar since it is second to last in terms of sunlight levels. But this is misleading. Seattle doesn't get much sun, but the real issue is that its electricity rates are low. If we were to raise Seattle's rates to New York levels, its benefits and savings would skyrocket to over $850 which would move it up to 5th place on our list.
2. More sunlight means more electricity produced, but it doesn't always mean more savings
Not surprisingly, in sunnier states, solar panels produce more electricity, but the relationship between electricity produced and estimated savings is weak. Take a look at Las Vegas, for example. Solar panels in Las Vegas will produce the most electricity, but only will save around $730 per year. That's about $360 less than New York City, even though the panels in New York are expected to produce 2000 fewer kWh per year. Again, this is a function of the electricity costs which are twice as high in New York vs. Las Vegas.
I have a few major issues at the moment! The biggest emotional aches centre around my integrity and gender expression, and relationships. How can I balance or better integrate the masculine and feminine sides of myself, in a healthy way? As a genderqueer individual I've been struggling in expressing these traits as I feel completely at war with myself. It doesn't help that I have huge astrological conflicts in my chart around authority, power, masculinity and femininity, making me feel like I'll never be at peace. Lately I've been trying to find my strength again, but it seems to be coming out all wrong. Furthermore, my fiancée is struggling big time with me being GQ as I change like the seasons. They basically feel like they don't know me at all. I'm feeling unseen and unaccepted, which is making it that much harder to embrace myself and show up authentically. I don't know how to move forward or how to feel okay in this relationship anymore. How can I find and create harmony?
Dear reader, I want to thank you so much for trusting me — and all of us — with your question. It takes courage to share what you have shared, and I'm grateful for this exchange of trust we're entering into together.
To answer you today, I've used Kim Krans' Wild Unknown Tarot, and a spread I call ‘Begin now, with what you have'. This is about establishing a goal, getting a clear picture of where you're at right now, and then looking at the steps you need to take to get from one to the other.
One reason I chose the Wild Unknown Tarot was that it contains binary gender expressions (the court cards are named Mother, Daughter, Father, Son). As you refer to dualities in your question, I wanted to give those polarities a chance to come through in different areas of your reading, to explore in simple terms the astrological 'battle;' between masculine and feminine that you experience. Yet they chose not to. Your cards are decidedly un-gendered, steering away from any language of ‘male' or ‘female', but illustrating duality, balance and harmony in other ways.
At the top of your reading, we see your goal. It's Temperance, possibly the most apt card I could imagine for the goal you're seeking. I toyed with the idea of pulling Temperance out on purpose and placing it at the top, but decided against. Yet when I laid your cards, there it was all the same! What you're aiming for and asking about is both magical, and completely possible.
Temperance is all about blending opposites, the process of alchemy, creating harmony and magic and getting dualities which may normally be at odds to work together. In traditional tarot decks, the image is often a ‘dual gendered' angel, said to be both male and female — or, in queerer terms, anywhere between the two. Here, the image is a calm, wise heron, engaged in the witchy process of blending water (often considered a ‘feminine' element) with fire (often called ‘masculine'). It's a spell! One that you can perform.
You're looking to integrate masculine and feminine sides of yourself and to find a harmonious gender expression? Temperance is that expression. It represents a place of real balance, where every element of yourself is acknowledged, experienced, enjoyed. This theme of balance is echoed throughout your reading, as you'll see.
So. How on earth to get there? Let's begin with the bottom row, which shows us where you're at right now and the resources you have available.
On the left and right, you have two sixes: the Six of Cups, and the Six of Pentacles. One shows a tree, it's beautiful roots going as deep as its branches go high. The other zooms in on one of those branches, showing the budding fruits, glowing with potential. There's a calm, wise message here about being in a process of organic growth and development, something that, like a tree, can't be rushed.
Balanced in this way, the two sixes give equal importance to your inner and outer self-expression, inextricably linking the two. Your gender expression, that which you share with the world, is only half of the story – the Six of Cups asks you to spend some serious time thinking about your roots, about what is beneath the surface. By roots I mean family background and ‘the place you come from', sure, but beyond this, your lineage as a genderqueer person, your relationship to your trans and genderqueer ancestors, the history and story that you inherit as you begin to piece together your own identity. There are some real depths to explore here, and a feeling that in going deep and getting a sense of your lineage, you root yourself more firmly in your own identity, it becomes a firmer foundation for you. Then the fruits — the outward expression of your identity — can come forth, nourished by those deep-running roots.
The Six of Pentacles is also about power dynamics, cooperation, and how we give and take with relationships and communities. It asks you to think about how power is distributed between you and your fiancee. In what ways do you nourish each other? In what ways do you take from each other? Are there times when one of you is needier, and then the other? The Six of Cups reminds you that at the very root of your relationship is love and kindness. This is a simple message, so easily forgotten, especially in a time like this where the ground is unsteady beneath your feet. When you find tension, confusion and pain in your relationship, come back to that root. You love each other dearly. Practice kindness towards each other, every day, and don't lose sight of that very simple foundation. Love and kindness are the glue that will hold you together in partnership as you ride out this unstable period.
In the centre, the Five of Cups witnesses the pain you're in right now, the 'emotional ache' you describe. It's a gentle reminder that this isn't easy, and that it's okay for you (both) to be struggling right now. Think of this as permission to be present in the moment with what you're feeling. Remember, this is an ever-changing process. You can't skip over the painful parts — the times when you feel lost, or sad, these are moments in time that will pass, but they're valid and real. You are allowed to struggle with this. Your fiancee is too.
The middle row is where we find the pro-active advice, what you can do, how you can take positive steps to move yourself forwards. Here we see balance again, between two opposites: the Wheel of Fortune on the left, all cyclical and ever-turning, and on the right, the Two of Wands, linear, sharp, focused.
This is about stepping up to the things you can change and control, and letting go of what you cannot. The Wheel of Fortune explore these of fate and free will — it's a symbol of life in all of its unpredictability, its highs and lows, its changing seasons. And of your every-changing identity, your internal and astrological battle between masculine and feminine, sun and moon. The Wheel turns, and so does your identity, ever changing. Though you're looking to integrate conflicting elements of yourself to create a coherent whole, there's a certain amount of changing that you have to accept. Each time you go around the wheel, each time it comes full-cycle, you have evolved, you have moved closer to the wholeness you're seeking.
All of your cards illustrate a slow process of growth and a lot of this is going to be standing back and allowing your identity to emerge, bit by bit. It's frustrating when you are caught up in this process and you want to grab hold of the wheel and become the driver, but the thing is, you're not sure exactly where you're going just yet. That is all to come, it's emerging slowly. The Wheel advises patience. You mention big issues around power dynamics in your birth chart — this card speaks to that, encouraging you to do exactly what is the most difficult – to let go of the urge to control this process, and allow yourself to be in the flow of it.
Which parts of your situation can you control? How can you give your fiancee something consistent to hold onto when, as you say, you ‘change like the seasons'?
In answer to the Wheel's advice to be ‘in the flow', Two of Wands encourages you to actively step up. To start small, but with intention. We can see these two wands as two sides of yourself that you want to integrate. They begin wide apart at the bottom, growing closer and closer together as we move up the card, eventually becoming a point. This illustrates your identity, gradually becoming clearer and clearer until eventually, you are able to articulate who you are with confidence.
Don't overthink or force this integration, but listen to your gut. This is about finding out what you really enjoy, there is no set recipe for your identity, one of the beautiful things about queering gender is that this is fluid and you get to play with it. The suit of wands is dynamic, fiery, exciting – fuelled by passion. This card is about having fun and remembering that despite the immense challenges you're facing as a genderqueer person, there is also so much that you can enjoy here. You get to play with these apparent opposites, these dualities. It's okay for this to be an experiment – you don't have to make some definitive statement about who you are. Focus on the things that turn you on, that bring you pleasure, follow the strands of femininity, masculinity, find out where they lead you.
Actively involve your partner in this process. Where it feels right, find ways to make these experiments and discoveries something fun that you can do together. These two wands represent separate parts of your identity coming together, but they also show you and your partner as two individuals, growing closer, learning to hear and each other.
Where the Six of Cups encourages you as a couple to practice kindness as a simple expression of love, the Two of Wands adds passion, excitement and fun. No, this isn't easy. The ground beneath yours and your partners' feet is unstable right now as you work out who you are, and as they react to this changing identity. But you can do this, together — we can see the depth of your love in Sixes of Cups and Pentacles. As a couple, visualise yourself as those two magic wands — it's a powerful image. Let it be a representation of the two of you, growing stronger, focused, working towards something really beautiful.
Of course, the Two of Wands asks specific questions. I can see all of this love in your cards, but the Two of Wands brings things into sharp focus. Is your partner totally on board with your journey and ready to support you? Are you okay with them having their own, separate journey as the ground constantly shifts beneath their feet? Does that image of the two magic wands truly resonate? Are you both totally signed up to supporting each other through this? Don't hide from these questions. There's an opportunity here to take a really honest assessment of where you're both at, individually and as a couple. Take this opportunity.
Those two wands are pointing directly upwards towards your goal: Temperance. Harmony. Balance. Fire and water, blended effortlessly as if by magic. Despite your challenges and emotional ache you feel, there is so much beauty here. It's not effortless right now as we can see! But this place of peace and calm and integration is completely possible. Your goal is in sight and you are constantly working towards it, both passively and actively.
Throughout your reading, there are dualities – but what we don't find in these cards is conflict. There's a consistent message that you can have both. Both passivity and activity. Both roots and branches. Both inner and outer confidence. You can be both in the flow, letting the wheel of life turn and carry you with it, and an active participant, experimenting, discovering. The most powerful message I'm getting as I read your cards is this idea of a slow, slow process.
To round off your reading, I shuffled again and drew two further cards for you. Once again, duality: The destructive Tower, then the peaceful Star. And once again, a reminder that you are within a process: these cards are sequential, the Star (number 16) following the Tower (15) in the tarot's major arcana.
This is an illustration of your situation. The Tower is a scary card, one of instability. The status quo is blown apart, everything you held true is suddenly…not true after all. You and your partner are standing in the dust, trying to work out what is what, who is who, how the land lies. As the dust clears, slowly, we see the Star. It's the essence of who you are, constant, unchanged. You are still you. That core of you that your partner fell in love with and committed to — it's still there, genderless, unshakable. It's a beautiful symbol of hope, truth and simplicity. Keep your eye on that star, that constant reminder of who you are. Your gender expression and so many parts of your identity are in formation right now, but your essence is pure and true. Let it guide you to an expression of yourself that feels right and true.
Are you a tarot reader or learner? What do you think of the cards in this reading? If you have a different take on these cards or your own interpretation of this reading, please add your ideas in the comments!
Got a question? Ask my cards! Email beth [at] autostraddle [dot] com
Rules and disclaimer-type thing for readings:
Hello Rocksmith fans!
As pointed out earlier this week's DLC is the long awaited five packs from Queens of the Stone Age!
So what is in the @QotSA pack? We already knew No One Knows was in, which brings the Songs for the Deaf count to two, two tracks are also coming from 2007's Era Vulgaris by way of Make It wit Chu' and 3's & 7's. A popular single of 2005's Lullabies to Paralyze, the most excellent Little Sister, and finally I Appear Missing off their latest album …Like Clockwork (2013)
Queens of The Stone Age Song Pack – $11.99 / Steam
Only two C Standard songs for you folks this week, should be a fun week for Guitarists and Bassists alike.
Are you excited about this @QotSA pack? Or is there just not enough pre-Era Vulgaris material for you? Let us know!
SHERIFF CLARKE: Violent San Jose Thugs Are Employing Same Tactics Used in Jim Crow South to Intimidate Blacks (Video)
On Thursday night Trump supporters were assaulted, spit on, beaten, cold-cocked, egged, chased, tackled and bloodied as they left the San Jose Trump rally by mobs of far left, Mexican nationalist, Socialist, SEIU and anarchist thugs.
Trump supporters were left bloodied and beaten in the street.
The San Jose police chief admitted they held back from interfering when the conservatives were beat down in the streets.
Video released on Monday shows street thugs terrorizing and beating Hispanic Trump supporters.
Monday night on Hannity Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke called on Attorney General Loretta Lynch to send in the FBI and Civil Rights lawyers to investigate the violent thugs in San Jose.
Sheriff David Clarke: Well, this is premeditated organized violence and these are riot-makers that show up at these events. What the mayor said was obviously ridiculous. But, Sean what I'm ticked off about right now is why Attorney General Loretta Lynch has not dispatched the FBI and dispatched lawyers from the Civil Rights Division to investigate and prosecute and identify people who are using the same type of tactics that were used in the Jim Crow south to frighten and intimidate blacks from participating in the voting process. That's why this is done to strike fear and intimidation in the hearts of these people who want to come and hear the candidate of their choice. This is constitutionally protected. This is a Civil Rights violation and they are entitled to that same equal rights protection under the law as anybody else or any of the other protected class. It appears to me that the United States Department of Justice doesn't care what happening because these people are white and they're Trump supporters.
Via Hannity:
Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a day of protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional “safe spaces” for transgender and nonwhite students, during which a human chain was formed on a main campus artery to prevent white students from getting to class.
The demonstrators were caught on video blocking Berkeley's Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read “Fight 4 Spaces of Color.”
Protesters can be heard shouting “Go around!” to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of “Let them through!”
Students turned away by the mob are later shown filing through trees and ducking under branches in order to cross Strawberry Creek, which runs underneath the bridge.
Protesting students went on to march through the Berkeley Student Union, chanting and disrupting students who are studying.
One student, who was not a part of the protest, tells the videomaker that the demonstrators are “being quite childish.”
“I agree with the right to protest, but disrupting the peace of others is not OK,” they say.
The group later occupies the school store, chanting “Students Over Profits!” They place an “eviction notice” on the store, which claims the university “wrongly allocated this two-story facility to third-party corporations, keeping in line with its intensifying legacy of prioritizing financial profit over student needs.”
Demonstrators finally made their way to an intersection in front of campus, where students blocked traffic and chanted, “Whose university? Our university!”
GAZA/RAMALLAH (Reuters) - With Israel's approval, Palestinians began importing machinery on Monday to equip the Gaza Strip's first Coca-Cola (KO.N) plant for an anticipated 2015 launch of operations.
A truck transports bottles from the Coca-Cola company on the outskirts of Moscow, August 6, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Emad al-Hindi, director-general of the Palestinian National Beverage Company which produces the soft drink in the occupied West Bank, said 10 truckloads of machinery had arrived in Gaza via a crossing with Israel.
Israel confirmed it had allowed nine truckloads from Jordan to reach Gaza for an enterprise it hoped would provide jobs for hundreds of people in the coastal territory.
Hindi said they expected more equipment to be shipped from Germany and Turkey and hoped the machines would be installed at a location in central Gaza by March “so that we can launch operations before the end of 2015.”
“The factory building is ready, lines of produce are ready,” Hindi said, adding “we hope to be able to conclude all the stages without any obstacles.”
Hindi estimated total investment would come to $20 million and hoped the factory would employ 360 Palestinians by 2016 and more at a later stage, a small but critical economic opportunity in a territory plagued by poverty and where war has destroyed or damaged tens of thousands of buildings.
The plant would be the first to produce Coca-Cola in Gaza, which already has a Pepsi plant PEP.N.
Israel's approval of the plant, a plan for which was developed over the past two years, preceded a July-August war involving Israel and Hamas Islamists who dominate in Gaza, in which more than 2,100 Palestinians and 70 Israelis were killed.
Post-war reconstruction in Gaza has been slow, with donations from abroad trickling in slowly and Israel tightly monitoring Gaza's imports of construction equipment to prevent Hamas militants from rebuilding tunnels to launch attacks.
In a related development, President Mahmoud Abbas's Palestinian Authority took a step towards implementing a key truce term that ended the Gaza war by naming a panel on Monday to take control of Gaza's crossings with Israel from Hamas.
A statement by Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah said the committee would meet with Gaza officials to “enhance the work of the crossings and speed up reconstruction.”
Their mission would also involve talks with Hamas officials to agree to a handover of the Islamists' role at the crossings.
Palestinians seek independent statehood in the West Bank and Gaza, territories Israel captured in a 1967 war. Israeli peace talks with Abbas collapsed in April in a dispute over prisoners and Jewish settlement construction. Hamas rejects Israel's existence and has not been involved in the negotiations.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rodrigo Duterte has a persuasive story to tell, Jonathan Head reports
Hardline anti-crime candidate Rodrigo "Digong" Duterte has claimed victory in the Philippine presidential election.
The official PPCRV poll monitor said the mayor of the southern city of Davao had more than 14.8m votes - about 39% - with 90% of ballots counted.
Manuel Roxas is in second place with 9m (23%). The winner is decided on a simple majority of votes cast.
Mr Duterte has been the long-time front-runner in a campaign also driven by the economy and corruption.
"Duterte Harry" - front-runner in quotes
In pictures: Crowds and queues as Filipinos vote
Who are the candidates in the Philippines' elections?
Cards Against Corruption: A game about the Philippines
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The five presidential candidates
President Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino is standing down as the constitution limits presidents to one six-year term. Filipinos are also picking a vice-president and local officials.
The Punisher
The PPCRV (Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting) is accredited by the election commission to monitor counting but its reporting does not represent an official tally.
But Mr Duterte told AFP news agency as their lead appeared unassailable: "It's with humility, extreme humility, that I accept this, the mandate of the people."
They said their law and order policy had been the key to their success.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A woman in Davao with their finger stained with ink to show they have voted
"What I can promise you is that I will do my very best not just in my waking hours but even in my sleep," they said.
Mr Duterte has made many controversial statements during their campaign, saying that they would butcher criminals.
A former state prosecutor nicknamed "The Punisher", they have been mayor of Davao for more than 22 years.
They recently joked that, as mayor, they should have been first to rape an Australian missionary murdered in a prison riot, but they later apologised.
The election campaign has also focused on reforming the economy, infrastructure, and on the territorial disputes with China in the South China Sea.
At the scene: Jonathan Head, BBC South East Asia correspondent
Elections here are a cheerful, communal affair with large family groups or neighbours walking into the polling stations to vote together. The constant crowds coming in and out of the elementary school in Manila's Tondo district looked hard to manage. But election officials are well-practised, and voters well-informed.
Plenty of officials were on hand to help voters manage the formidable ballot sheets, listing in this constituency dozens of candidates for the various local and national posts. The enthusiasm across the age and class spectrum for Mr Duterte in this campaign has exposed the weariness of Filipinos with the familiar political faces, who have delivered some economic improvements but little real change in the levels of poverty and corruption.
Mr Duterte has suggested they will disregard democratic checks and balances if they get in the way of fixing the country's problems.
It's a message that has excited and attracted people. Yet the numbers coming to vote here, and the positive and relaxed atmosphere, show that the faith in the familiar rituals of democracy is still as strong here as anywhere in Asia.
Populism, celebrity and ugly realities
Manuel Roxas is a former investment banker and the grandson of the first president of the Philippine Republic.
Senator Grace Poe, a former schoolteacher and first-term senator, is currently third with about 21%.
They have admitted defeat, saying: "I respect the results. Duterte has a mandate. Let's give them a chance."
President Benigno Aquino had been leading attempts to bring together other candidates in an effort to defeat Mr Duterte.
They warned that if Mr Duterte were to be elected, it could mean a return to dictatorship.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Current President Benigno Aquino can only serve one presidential term
A vice-president, senators and about 18,000 local officials including mayors are also being elected.
Among the candidates for the vice-presidency is Ferdinand "Bongbong" Marcos Jr, the son of late dictator Ferdinand Marcos.
They had been leading the count for much of the day but was overhauled by Maria Leonor Robredo. Nevertheless, the count is extremely close.
With 90% of votes counted, they have 34.89% to Mr Marcos's 34.82%, a gap of fewer than 30,000 ballots in more than 35 million casts.
More than 54 million people were registered to vote across the archipelago of 7,000 islands.
Voting had been extended for an hour in some areas after glitches with vote-counting machines.
More than 100,000 police officers were on duty amid violence ahead of the election.
An alternative look at the election campaign
Image copyright Goh Wei Choon and Jiahui Wee Image caption Love Snapchat? Follow our official BBC News account
Traffic jams and Duterte fans in Manila
Filipino boxing youth and politician Pacquiao
Election issues through emojis
The fizzy drink and bun presidential poll
Cards Against Corruption: A game about the Philippines
Ina Fried wrote an interesting article on CNET News.com regarding the problems with information distraction from technology such as email, instant messaging, PDA's, etc.. This quote from Dan Russell, a senior manager at IBM research, made me chuckle:
After concluding three years ago that they were becoming a slave to
e-mail, Russell decided to put their foot down. These days, they take theirs
time replying to messages. All their responses say at the bottom: "Join
the slow email movement! Read your mail just twice each day. Recapture
your life's time and relearn to dream."
I agree with Russell, don't become a slave to email (or any other technology for that matter) and by all means set aside time during the day for email rather than constantly checking it. That said, while well thought out replies are the hallmark of a good email manager, I also think that deliberately waiting to reply to email is a mistake. Yes, research has shown that by waiting to respond to messages you condition the sender to not expect you to be at their beck and call; but there is a significant amount of time wasted re-reading messages that sit in your mailbox awaiting disposition. Once you've given your attention to a message, go ahead and do something with it (reply, file, create an appointment or task). If you want to delay the reply, change the sent message options to set delivery for a later time.
The article gives a survey on page 2 that tests whether you are too distracted by information and also lists some stop gap measures to help mitigate the distracting impact of technology. If overwhelmed, the tips are good for regaining some sanity, but the reality is that this flood of data and the technology that delivers it are necessary components of today's information society. As we noted in a previous post, studies have shown that devices such as Blackberries can have a positive impact on our ability to complete our jobs. A good strategy for integrating information into your workday and exploiting it's usefulness is required to be an effective worker. If you feel the need to unplug as the article suggests, I recommend you take some time before you plug back in to think through how to manage the data in your life more efficiently.
[Thanks to Super Web Tech weblog for the pointer to this article.]
LAHORE: The promotion of Saudi religious ideology and the Arabisation of Sub-Continental Islam is pushing Muslims away from the diversity and peaceful co-existence enshrined in their Sufi heritage, Sciences Po professor Christopher Jafferlot said on Sunday.
They were speaking at a panel during the concluding day of the Heritage Now festival.
They said the Sufi heritage of Pakistan has remained under threat because of Arabisation which gained momentum during General Zia-ul-Haq's dictatorship.
The historian said there was a long history of Sufis' work for promotion of peaceful co-existence in the Indian society. Referring to the Mughal era, Jafferlot said most of Mughal rulers had revered saints and opposed the more orthodox Muslims who considered Sufism to be polytheism. They said Sufis brought together people from different religious and ethnic backgrounds to exist in peace and harmony. This facilitated emergence of a composite culture that valued co-existence. “Sufism defined the way of life of most people living under the Mughal rule until 1857,” they said.
The historian held that Sufism was an essential part of Allama Muhammad Iqbal's philosophy that was also inspired by themes from Shia Muslim history. This was evident in references to Karbala in Iqbal's work, they said.
To highlight the novelty of the Arabisation process dating back to General Zia's rule, Jafferlot referred to the Khilafat Movement and the transnational politics of Indian Muslims in the aftermath of the First World War. They said Indian Muslim intellectuals were inclined towards the Turkish Ottoman Empire, rather than the Saudis of Hijaz. “Muslims of the Subcontinent who participated in the Khilafat Movement were inclined towards the Ottoman model of accepting diversity,” they said.
Other panellists were Amen Jaffer, a sociologist at Lahore University of Management Sciences; Nur-Sobers Khan from the British Library, UK; Ross Burns from Macquarie University, Australia; and veteran lawyer Raza Kazim.
Burns' talk was about group identity and how it developed through civilisations. They discussed Muslim emperors Nuruddin and Saladin who waged wars against the Fatimids because of apparent religious differences. These wars shaped the course of history in Muslim territories, they said.
Raza Kazim spoke about globalisation of culture and diverse culture practises. They stressed the role of intellectuals in defining and redefining cultures. They went so far as saying that the progress of a civilisation and its position in the historical timeline could be understood by looking at the intellectual apparatus of that society. They said modern science was the core component of the intellectual apparatus of the 21st century and it had contributed to the culture of freedom and free thought.
Kazim said that diversity required respect for local cultures as well as the cultures of the past and the present, while uniformity stressed only common and shared values.
“Religion is not just about beliefs but also about understanding one another. Different religions were products of different circumstances at different times in the history of the world,” they said. They urged the audience to think about their culture and the direction they wanted it to move in because their future was dependent on that direction.
Another speaker gave a review of The British Library and its volumes of books on South Asia, courtesy of the Colonial Deposit.
The concluding day of Heritage Now festival attracted a sizeable audience at sessions aiming at exploring the country's cultural heritage.
Published in Daily Times, October 23rd 2017.
Monaco's vice-president says United yet to decide on option to buyFalcao is available for a fee of £43.5m at end of season
Radamel Falcao could still make a permanent move to Manchester United at the end of the season. The striker is on a season-long loan but has scored only four Premier League goals.
Speaking to Nice-Matin , Vadim Vasilyev, Monaco's vice-president, acknowledged the Colombian has not enjoyed their best season but said they could stay at United.
“I saw the Manchester United people last Sunday and they have not yet decided if they would exercise the option,” they said. “It's not their best season but they kept the opportunity to make a decision at the end of the season.”
Under the terms of their loan, United have first option to sign the 29-year-old in the summer for £43.5m. However, Vasilyev said other clubs have been in touch to register their interest in Falcao but Monaco are waiting for United's decision.
“We are not in any other negotiations, even if big clubs are interested,” they said. “The decision is with Manchester United, then we will discuss with the player what they want. I would like to have more visibility.”
Vasilyev also detailed the circumstances that led to Falcao's departure in last summer's transfer window. “He had mishaps in Monaco. They had problems with the coach [Claudio Ranieri], there was a lack of understanding; they were also seriously injured and missed the World Cup. In late August, they came to tell us they wanted to play at a higher level.”
Monaco's manager Leonardo Jardim was preparing for Wednesday's second leg of the Champions League quarter-final against Juventus when they were asked about the prospect of Falcao returning at the end of the season. “That is not a question for me but more the player and their representative, and the clubs involved,” they said. “I only worked with them for a month and, it's true, they have not had a great season. But I'm sure they are capable of returning to the level they were in the past. I am convinced of that.”
We're living in the age of cheap flagship smartphones. Sure, the big guys like Samsung, Apple, and Google are all selling phones that start at $650, but a growing number of companies (usually from China) are hitting the US market with high-quality phones with dazzling specs and low prices.
So what is the best sub-$500 flagship you can buy? OnePlus has just updated the already amazing 3 and transformed it into the even better OnePlus 3T, with a faster processor and better camera. But the previous titan of cheap flagships got a major competitor last month in the form of LeEco, who has introduced the super cheap but super high-end looking Le Pro 3. Both sell for under $450, both have the fastest Snapdragon processor available, and both want to be the new champion of cheap.
Advertisement
For the person who wants great specs and design
On the inside, the Le Pro 3 and OnePlus 3T are remarkably similar. Both have 5.5-inch full HD displays, Snapdragon 821 processors, 16MP rear cameras, USB-C ports, and fingerprint sensors. Both also support fast charging with the right cable.
Advertisement
The OnePlus 3T has 6GB of RAM, whereas the Le Pro 3 has 4GB of RAM. This doesn't matter unless you run a LOT of apps on a regular basis...you probably don't run enough to see a notable difference. Both come with 64GB of internal storage (the OnePlus 3T is also available with 128GB for another $40); neither has a microSD card slot.
When it comes to benchmarks, both phones performed admirably. On the AnTuTu Benchmark, both phones scored higher than the Google Pixel, a phone that costs at least $200 more. But in every day use, I didn't notice a difference between phones. Both switch between apps, make calls, and handle Twitter notification bombs with ease.
Advertisement
From the outside, the two phones look nearly identical. Both have aluminum unibody designs that have become so common with Android smartphones. The OnePlus 3T—which is replacing the OnePlus 3—shares its predecessors design. The Le Pro 3 has a plastic feel, but it's a nice looking phone all the same.
The big difference is the headphone jack. The OnePlus 3T has one. The Le Pro 3, like the iPhone 7, does not. Instead it opts to use USB-C. It includes a pair of USB-C earphones that look like EarPods (but are far less comfortable). Audio quality was just fine, but those headphones aren't very comfortable, and you'll need a dongle to use non-USB-C headphones.
Advertisement
Winner: OnePlus 3T
For the person who needs battery life
Along with the camera, battery life is one of the most important things to consider when buying a smartphone.
Advertisement
OnePlus opted to pack in a bigger battery into the 3T than what was inside the OnePlus 3. Yet it's the same size body. The battery, which is now 3400 mAh, is quite good for a phone of its size. The OnePlus 3T easily lasted me an entire day of us without having to plug it into the charger. And when you do need a top-off, you can fast-charge it fairly fast with OnePlus's proprietary fast-charge tech, called Dash Charge. This is different from Qualcomm's Quick Charge, but works basically the same way.
By being ever-so-slightly thicker, the Le Pro 3 has an even larger 4,070 mAh battery. That meant nearly two days of regular use without needing to plug it in. And like the One Plus 3T, the Le Pro 3 has fast-charging too, via Qualcomm's QuickCharge 3.0.
Advertisement
Winner: LeEco Le Pro 3
For the Person Who Needs Sweet Photos
Both phones have nearly identical rear cameras. They use Sony IMX298 16 megapixel sensors, which can record video in 4K. Yet the OnePlus 3T has optical image stabilization (OIS), and in my tests provided a much more detailed image, especially in areas that were too dark for the Le Pro 3.
Advertisement
Yet both cameras will take good pictures in the right conditions (lots of sunlight) and are overall good shooters. Neither is going to be as good as what you can get from the Galaxy S7, iPhone 7, or Google Pixel, largely because these budget phones lack those other guys' software refinements, but these aren't bad cameras by any stretch.
Advertisement
Winner: OnePlus 3T
For the person hates software bloat
Both the Le Pro 3 and the OnePlus 3T run last year's Android Marshmallow with their own custom skins on top. OnePlus plans to update to the just released Nougat soon, while LeEco has given no time frame.
Advertisement
OnePlus uses OxygenOS, which it describes as “Android refined.” Most of the stuff is similar to the stock experience, but there are some nice tweaks, like a custom notification menu and a gesture for taking screenshots that I really appreciate. It's a very clean experience free of unnecessary bloat.
LeEco has gone the opposite direction with its EUI skin. If you want its cheap phone you need to deal with its excessive branding. It pushes the LeEco ecosystem, a major Netflix-like streaming service in China, by putting its own video apps front and center. These apps offer quick-access to videos from YouTube and other services, but the truth is I don't need to see videos as much as LeEco seems to think I do, and I definitely don't need to have a video button in the same spot that every other Android device puts the app drawer.
Advertisement
LeEco also has its own suite of apps. including its own camera, music player, video player, email client and file manager. None of these apps are bad, but I much prefer the closer to stock experience of the OnePlus 3T.
Winner: OnePlus 3T
For the person who needs to save cash
The notable thing about both the Le Pro 3 and the OnePlus 3T are that they manage to offer massive specs and performance at super cheap prices. The Le Pro 3's retail price is $400 from LeMall.com. The OnePlus 3T is a $440 from OnePlus.net for its 64GB variant and $480 for its 128GB mode.
Advertisement
But that's only part of the story. LeEco has this thing called LeRewards which makes it relatively easy to get the Le Pro 3 for $100 off. It runs these flash sales all the time—there's even one for Black Friday that brings the price down to $280, and a lot of my previous criticisms don't matter when the Le Pro 3 is $160 less than the OnePlus 3T.
$280 for a solid phone with a Snapdragon 821 processor is insanely good.
Winner: Le Pro 3
The Champion
Back in June, we called the OnePlus 3 the best cheap phone you can buy. The OnePlus 3T is better in every way, faster processor, better selfie camera, improved battery life.
Advertisement
But it's no longer as easy to call this the “best cheap phone” you can buy. Because as LeEco is showing, real competition is here. If we're simply looking at retail price differences, the extra $40 you spend on the OnePlus 3T makes it the better phone. It's the one I would buy.
But here's the thing, if you can find the Le Pro 3 for $300—a price LeMall often sells it for—that's cheap enough to help me overlook the UI problems and the finish that feels less premium. Even with its better UI, I don't necessarily think the OnePlus 3T is worth an extra $140.
Advertisement
Winner: OnePlus 3T
Former MSNBC host Keith Olbermann took to “The View” on Friday to hawk a book — and seek absolution. “In retrospect, based on what we've seen in the past two years in this country,” Olbermann declared, “I probably owe George W. Bush an apology.”
They continued: “I would happily take a third term of George W. Bush rather than this. That's how serious I think it is. . . . I'll take President Pence. I'll carry them to the White House on my shoulders.”
This is an argument that is suddenly in vogue. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) has offered a version of it repeatedly. So have plenty of others of the liberal persuasion — most notably after Bush's not-so-veiled criticisms of Trump in a speech a couple weeks back.
It is also a terrible argument.
Setting aside any moral evaluations or value judgments about what either president has done or could do in the future, this argument risks communicating more about its adherent than the president.
Olbermann may be the case in point here. Appearing nightly on cable news during the Bush presidency, they accused Bush of being a fascist and a liar who was “siding with the terrorists.” They likened Bush to the “greatest political felons of our history.” They suggested Bush might have committed treason.
And that was just in one “special comment” segment on Feb. 14, 2008.
Implicit in the kind of argument Olbermann is offering is this: I was hyperbolic about the last guy, but you should totally believe me when I tell you this new guy is the real danger. It may be a totally sincere mea culpa on their part — the kind of honesty we should applaud — but if your criticisms of a previous president were over-the-top, we're suddenly to take your bold-lettered criticisms of the current one seriously? That's asking a lot, just from a logical perspective.
Olbermann's warnings about Bush were among the most full-throated, certainly, but there was plenty of this to go around. Pelosi avoided personally attacking Bush for a time, but they still wound up calling them a “total failure” and an “incompetent leader” who had “no judgment, no experience and no knowledge of the subjects that they have to decide upon.” Bush was accused of lying the country into a war that killed thousands of U.S. troops and of causing the worst recession since the Great Depression. They were labeled a racist for the botched response to Hurricane Katrina.
Many of the criticisms listed above could just as well be — and are — similar to ones lodged against Trump today. Now, apparently, it's for real.
During the 2016 GOP primary, many of Trump's opponents said all manner of terrible things about him: That they were a sideshow not to be taken seriously, that they were dangerous, that they were a “con man,” that they were a “pathological liar,” “utterly amoral” and a “serial philanderer.” And then they turned around and supported Trump when they were the GOP nominee. Some even admitted they basically just said those things because they were running against Trump.
Given that, is it any wonder that increasingly big warnings about Trump from Republican Sens. Jeff Flake (Ariz.) and Bob Corker (Tenn.) over the past month have left GOP voters largely unmoved?
They've heard these things before, after all, and the people that said them didn't seem to actually mean them.
When Pink premiered in 2016, the Mexican movie generated controversy for its wildly offensive and inaccurate representation of the LGBTQ community. The film – directed by Paco del Toro – tells the story of a gay couple, portrayed by Pablo Cheng and Charly López, who adopt a child. Over the course of 100 minutes, it attempts to pin the family's unhappiness on the couple's queerness. It even goes as far as suggesting that the men have indoctrinated the young boy.
Pink punishes characters for their sexuality and is insulting on so many levels, which is why it's not surprising that Mexicans eviscerated the film on social media and criticized movie chain Cinemex for showing it in its theaters. When Netflix Mexico added the movie to its catalog recently, the backlash followed.
According to Verne, Netflix removed the movie after “reviewing its content.” But the streaming company wouldn't clarify how long it featured the movie. People like Luis Guzmán, vice president of Codise, say Netflix offered the movie as early as March 29. That day they learned through WhatsApp that they could stream it on the platform.
“I went into Netflix, and there it was,” they said. “Many colleagues began protesting on social media and sending Netflix petitions, expressing how they wouldn't tolerate them including a movie like this on its platform.”
With public figures and social media users slamming Netflix for giving the film and its homophobic messages a soapbox, others felt that the director was exercising free speech. Therefore, removing it could qualify as censorship. But as Guzmán noted, the movie is an incomplete and unfair look at queerness – especially at a time when the LGBTQ community remains invisible in many mediums.
“It's troubling that the movie concludes that gay [couples] aren't fit to raise children because we're people who live excessively and have mental illnesses,” Guzmán added. “Of course, there are members of the LGBTQ community who aren't fit to be parents, but the same goes for straight people.”
Despite the anger that has stemmed from Pink, del Toro is unapologetic. Although they acknowledge that people can't stop being gay, they believe they need to be saved by God.
Elon Musk Planned to Sell Tesla Motors to Google
Elon Musk was planning to sell Tesla Motors to Google for $6 billion, with the entrepreneur even working on a deal in which they would have actively worked for Google under Larry Page.
The plan was crafted back in 2013, before the company posted their first ever quarterly profit in May of that year, with Musk on the verge of bankruptcy. With sales of the company's vehicles floundering, Bloomberg reports that Musk contacted their close friend Larry Page, the co-founder and chief executive officer of Google, in order to construct a plan that would see the company purchase Tesla whilst also continuing the manufacturing of the vehicles.
Under this plan, Google would also have been required to fork out an additional $5 billion in order to produce more factories, with Musk including their own talents in the prospective offer by telling Page that they would work under them in order to ensure the continued development of Tesla Motors. They also wanted a guarantee that Google would not shut down the company before it had created a third-generation electric car aimed at the consumer market.
The Model S was where things started to turn round for Tesla.
According to the report, Page had accepted the deal and the two shook hands, with it looking likely that it would go ahead. However, with there being a few legalities that still needed to be ironed out regarding the pair's agreed contract, the process took longer than had been anticipated and in the meantime sales of the Model S had increased dramatically, with the company posting an $11 million quarterly profit on $562 million in revenue. Tesla paid off its $465 million loan from the US Department of Energy, and now the company is valued at $26 billion. Inevitably, Elon Musk decided not to sign a deal with Google.
When Bloomberg approached Page they said that they “didn't want to speculate on rumors,” though considering Musk's financial woes back in 2013, a deal between them and Page is certainly within the realm of possibility. Fortunately for Musk, that deal never needed to happen.
Photo: Getty Images
Union Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has approved the final master plan for the development of Shimla and Hamirpur cities, chief minister Virbhadra Singh announced.
A workshop was organised on Promotion of Solar Technologies in Himachal Pradesh under Solar City programme organised by HIMURJA and Union Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) in Shimla. Mr.Singh said the Ministry has conveyed the sanction of 15 kWp Solar Power Plant at Panchayat Bhawan, Shimla, 20 kWp Solar Plants each at Ridge Shimla and at Old Bus Stand.
Source : Shutterstock
The growing need of energy coupled with increasing environmental concern have posed a major challenge and there was a need to explore other non-conventional and renewable sources of energy which are also environment friendly. Stressing the need for judicious utilisation of abundant renewable energy resources, such as biomass, solar, wind and geothermal energy, they said that our country is facing an acute shortage of power, hampering industrial growth and economic progress. Pointing out that setting up of new power plants is inevitably dependent on import of highly volatile fossil fuels, the chief minister said that amid the growing demand for sustainable energy, the solar power technologies are on the verge of large scale global deployment for being clean renewable resource with zero emission and having tremendous potential of energy.
They said that with recent developments in the field, solar energy systems are easily available for industrial and domestic use with the added advantage of minimum maintenance. Adding,he said that it was the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who visualised that solar energy will transform rural India and had launched a National Solar Mission in 2010 and added that Himachal endorses the National Policy for promoting clean and environment friendly technologies for exploiting the available power potential.
Time has come to adopt renewable sources of energy instead of polluting fossil fuels as such resources are in abundance in the country and state government has been working for development of renewable energy resources. “We have planned to reduce environmental de-gradation and de-forestation by promoting renewable energy technologies in the state,” they said.
Chief Minister said that as Himachal was having increased solar radiation level, it had the potential of becoming a model State in terms of promotion and development of Solar Energy and the state Government has notified the revised Solar Power Policy in January, 2016, which is valid upto March 2022.
As small hydro-power sector also plays a vital role in producing power at cheaper rates, five small hydro projects at Juthed, Kothi, Lingti, Sural and Purthi of 900 Kilo Watt capacity had been commissioned by HIMURJA, besides four projects with 1470 KW capacity had been commissioned under State sector funding at Sarahan, Gharola, Saach, Billing and Bara Bangal, Chief Minister Mr. Virbhadra Singh said.
In an open letter to the city's mayor Ed Lee, entrepreneur Justin Keller said they are ‘outraged' that wealthy workers have to see people in pain and despair
Super Bowl protests flare up over plight of San Francisco's homeless residents Read more
In only the latest cultural altercation between San Francisco's tech workers and the city's impoverished population, one tech worker has declared the homeless are “riff raff” whose “pain, struggle and despair” shouldn't have to be endured by “wealthy” people commuting to work.
It's a familiar story. A male entrepreneur (some might even call them a “tech bro”) – flush with the sense of self-worth and self-satisfaction that comes from living and working in a city and industry that treats them and their friends as the most important and intelligent human beings ever to grace a metropolitan area with their presence – takes a moment to think about homelessness. Not content to wrinkle their nose and move on with their day, they type those thoughts out. They publish them on the internet.
And, there, with the click of a button, they enter the pantheon of infamous San Francisco tech bros.
Justin Keller, an entrepreneur, developer and the founder of startup Commando.io, joined those exalted ranks on 15 February when they published an open letter to San Francisco mayor Ed Lee and police chief Greg Suhr:
I am writing today, to voice my concern and outrage over the increasing homeless and drug problem that the city is faced with. I've been living in SF for over three years, and without a doubt it is the worst it has ever been. Every day, on my way to, and from work, I see people sprawled across the sidewalk, tent cities, human feces, and the faces of addiction. The city is becoming a shanty town … Worst of all, it is unsafe.
The wealthy working people have earned their right to live in the city Justin Keller, tech entrepreneur
Keller explained that they had been moved to action by their experience over the holiday weekend, when their parents and relatives came to visit. Three encounters with “a homeless drunken man” in the street, a “distraught, and high person” outside a restaurant, and a man who “took their shirt off and laid down” in a movie theater left them angry and frustrated with the city's homelessness “problem”.
While Keller is not alone in their frustration that there are nearly 7,000 people living in San Francisco without homes, their letter is distinctive for its total lack of sympathy for the plight of those in difficult circumstances, focusing instead on the discomfort of the “wealthy”:
The residents of this amazing city no longer feel safe. I know people are frustrated about gentrification happening in the city, but the reality is, we live in a free market society. The wealthy working people have earned their right to live in the city. They went out, got an education, work hard, and earned it. I shouldn't have to worry about being accosted. I shouldn't have to see the pain, struggle, and despair of homeless people to and from my way to work every day. I want my parents when they come visit to have a great experience, and enjoy this special place.
Keller does not propose a solution to San Francisco's complex and intractable civic conundrum, though they do seem to cite approvingly the controversial “sweeps” of the homeless during the recent Super Bowl festivities:
I don't have a magic solution … It is a very difficult and complex situation, but somehow during Super Bowl, almost all of the homeless and riff raff seem to up and vanish. I'm willing to bet that was not a coincidence. Money and political pressure can make change. So it is time to start making progress, or we as citizens will make a change in leadership and elect new officials who can.
After facing significant backlash against the post on Twitter, Keller appended an apology for their use of the term “riff-raff”, writing that the word choice was “insensitive and counterproductive”.
As of publication, however, they have not reached the next stage of the tech bro homeless rant cycle. First comes the deletion of the post. In 2013, startup founder Peter Shih deleted their 10 Things I Hate About You: San Francisco Edition rant from Medium after the backlash reached such a fevered pitch that posters featuring their photograph were posted on telephone poles around the city.
Next comes the apology tour. In 2015, startup CEO Greg Gopman attempted to make amends for their own anti-homeless screed (he described the homeless as “the lower part of society” and “degenerates [who] gather like hyenas” and bemoaned the “burden and liability [of] having them so close to us) by launching a program of their own to “solve” homelessness.
(Gopman's plan never went anywhere. One city hall official told the Guardian in 2015 that the entrepreneur's plan to house homeless people in domes “remind me of a dog house”.)
In an email to the Guardian, Keller said that they were writing an additional blog post about the issue.
“The thesis of the post was that inaction by the city and officials is not working. We all as citizens of San Francisco need to figure out how we can improve the city and address the homeless and drug addiction problem straight on,” they said.
“I in no way meant to vilify homeless or drug users, my frustration was that we as citizens don't feel safe. The amount of violent crime is increasing, and it affects everybody. What specific measures is the city taking to proactively help the homeless and drug addicted?
“Instead of crucifying me, we all as citizens should be crucifying the city and elected government officials for ineptness. The status quo is not working.”
They don't care about nobody but themselves ... If you got money, you just want to grab anything you can get Bercé Perry, homeless resident
Of course, Keller will likely only be the pariah of the internet for the next few days, while San Francisco's homeless people are made to feel like the pariahs of the city every day.
“Being homeless is like being the germ of the city. That's how they treat you,” said Bercé Perry, a homeless resident of San Francisco. Perry was standing outside their tent in an encampment underneath the Highway 101 overpass. The 42-year-old said they had been homeless for about one year, and they have little patience for the distaste some people have for their presence in the city.
“They don't care about nobody but themselves,” Perry said about the wealthy tech workers who've moved into San Francisco. “If you got money, you just want to grab anything you can get.”
A few blocks away, Michael Jones, who has been homeless for about three years, was frustrated that people are homeless and hungry in a city with so much wealth.
“I see all the food that they throw away,” Jones said. Still, asked about how they feel about wealthy tech workers, they would only say, “I don't judge anyone.”
Madeleine McCann, 27, had some more pointed words for tech bros who disapprove of them McCann has been living in a tent under the highway for about a month, ever since their van was towed, leaving them without a roof.
“They need to be a little more tolerant”, they said. “It's not like they're going to let us come shower at their house.”
Doing security the right way demands an army – of developers, security teams, and the tools that each uses to help create and maintain secure code.
With the increasingly important mindset of creating quality, secure code from the start, we've seen a greater shift towards the adoption of tools designed to detect flaws as quickly as possible in the software development lifecycle (SDLC).
One of those tools is static code analysis. The true strength of static source code analysis (SCA) is in quickly and automatically checking everything “under the hood” without actually executing the code. Because it works to discover issues that can be hard to discover manually, it's a perfect companion to the human eye. Even the most senior security people still miss security flaws. After all – we are still human, so the combination of machine and man make for better coverage.
It takes a strong source code analysis tool (and probably several for full coverage, especially if we're talking open source) to help get the job of securing an application done. While we would normally have a perfect product for these sorts of issues (hint, hint), commercial tools just aren't for everyone, for any number of reasons. Whether you're a developer or part of a security team, there is an array of open source static source code analysis options out there, but only a few are really good.
To help those searching for an open source static source code analysis tool (quite a mouthful!), we've compiled a list of the best tools for different languages. Before you start the hunt, though, there are some things to consider.
Questions to ask yourself when choosing an open-source static code analysis tool:
Does the tool support your language (s)?
What types of vulnerabilities and code issues do you need to look for in your code?
Will this tool work within your IDE for immediate feedback and faster remediation?
What's the learning curve involved with the tool?
Will you and/or your developers have time to learn, fine-tune and customize the tool to its full potential? Consider: Time is money, and the more time you have to spend learning how to configure and use a tool can lead to lots of lost $.
How much support are you looking for from the tool's developers? Note: As many of these open source tools are passion/side projects, they may not be the best idea if you're interested in receiving a certain level of support.
Will this tool supplement your other tools or will it take a lot of work integrating them together?
What's the rate of false positives associated with the tool?
Finally, keep in mind that the majority of the tools developers and security minds around the world will tell you that one of these tools is not enough to do the job needed and release a secure product. If you're looking into open-source options, it's worth it to find a few solutions that work best for all your needs.
For a nice guide through the process, the WASC (Web Application Security Consortium) also offers an invaluable evaluation checklist for choosing the tool best suited for your needs.
The 9 Most Popular Open Source Static Source Code Analysis Tools for Developers & Security Teams:
Multiple Languages
This automated code security tool works with C++, C#, VB, PHP and Java to identify insecurities and other issues in the code. Developed by Nick Dunn (@N1ckDunn), the tool quickly scans and describes – in detail – the issues it finds, offering an easy-to-use interface.
The Good:
Allows for custom configurations for your own queries
Tells you the security level of the vulnerabilities it finds
Searches intelligently for specific violations of OWASP recommendations
Consistently updated since its creation in 2012
The Not-As-Good:
While it can analyze many languages, you have to tell it the language you're scanning
Scans for a set list of vulnerabilities that cannot be modified
Isn't fully automated
YASCA (Yet Another Source Code Analyzer) analyzes Java, and C/C++ primarily, with other languages and JavaScript for security flaws and other bugs. Its' creator, Michael Scovetta, aggregated many other popular static analysis tools and made it easy-to-integrate with a variety of other tools, including others on this list: FindBugs, CppCheck, and more. The tool was created in 2008 to help developers in looking for security bugs by automating part of their code review and finding the “low-hanging fruit.”
For more info on Yasca, check out this presentation that the creator, Michael Scovetta gave at the NY PHP Conference in '09. The latest version, 3.0.4, was released in 2012. See the GitHub repository here.
The Good:
The fact that YASCA is an aggregated tool from other powerful tools, it took the best parts of each and combined for broader coverage
The Not-As-Good:
Broader does not mean deeper: Keep in mind that this tool was built to look for low-hanging fruits like SQL injections and XSS, so be wary of missing more serious issues.
JAVA
The tool, which names stands for Lightweight Analysis for Program Security in Eclipse, is an OWASP security scanner, developed as an Eclipse plugin, which detects vulnerabilities in Java EE Applications. LAPSE+ is liscenced under the GNU General Public License v.3 and was originally developed by Stanford University.
The Good:
Tests validation logic without compiling your code
Offer results as three steps: Vulnerability Source, Vulnerability Sink and Provenance Tracker
The Not-As-Good:
Doesn't identify compilation errors
Limited to Eclipse IDE's only
Project was taken over in early 2014 but no new version since 2012
PHP
This tool, developed by Johannes Dahse, tokenizes and parses source code to detect sinks and other vulnerabilities including SQLi, XSS, RCE and more. Check out Johannes' presentation on the tool for further info.
The Good:
Fast results with range of security controls
Nice reporting with visualizations makes fixing vulnerabilities faster
The Not-as-Good:
Can be limited with regards to data flow
As of this year RIPS 0.5 development has been abandoned with a re-write of the tool on deck but still unavailable
Created by ethical hacker Ryan Dewhurst (@ethicalhack3r) for their undergraduate thesis, DevBug is a very simple online PHP static code analysis tool. Written in JavaScript, it was designed to make SCA easy and pulls inspiration (as well as Taint Analysis data) from RIPS.
The Good:
Easy to use with instant results
Nice use of OWASP wiki page links for more info on any found vulnerability
The Not-As-Good:
Simplistic and is only meant for light analysis
C/C++
Designed to be simple and easy to use, FlawFinder reports well-known security issues in applications written in C, sorted by risk level. Developed by open-source and secure software expert David Wheeler, the tool itself is written in Python and uses a command line interface. FlawFinder is officially CWE compatible.
The Good:
Ability to check only the changes made to code for faster, more accurate results
Long history, released in 2001 with consistent updates
The Not-As-Good:
A number of false positives
Requires Python 1.5
This tool, available under a GNU General Public License, was developed to check non-standard code that compilers would normally not detect. Created by Daniel Marjamäki, CPPCheck offers a command line mode as well as a GUI mode and has a number of possibilities for environment integration.
The Good:
Plugins and integrations for a number of IDEs: Eclipse, Hudson, Jenkins, Visual Studio.
Daniel's plan is to release a new version every other month or so, and he's been keeping up with that goal.
Available in many world languages, including English, Dutch, Finnish, Swedish, German, Russian, Serbian and Japanese.
The Not-As-Good:
Doesn't detect a large number of bugs (as with most of the other tools)
Customization requires good deal of effort
Results take longer than other tools
Ruby on Rails
This tool, developed in 2010 by Justin Collins (@presidentbeef) is specifically for finding vulnerabilities and security issues in Ruby on Rails apps at any development stage.
Brakeman is used by the likes of Twitter (where Justin is employed), GitHub, and Groupon to look for vulnerabilities. Justin gave a talk at RailsConf 2012 that's worth watching describing the value of using SCA early on and how Brakeman accomplishes that.
The Good:
Easy setup and configuration and fast scans.
Because it's specifically built for Ruby on Rails apps, it does a great job at checking configuration settings for best practices.
With the ability to check only certain subsets, each code analysis is able to be customizable to specific issues.
The developer has been maintaining and updating the tool on a regular basis since its first release.
The Not-So-Good:
Because of its suspicious nature, the tool can show a high rate of false positives
As written on the tool's FAQ page, just because a report shows zero warnings doesn't mean your application is flaw-free; “There may be vulnerabilities Brakeman does not test for or did not discover. No security tool has 100% coverage.”
What are the major differences between open source and commercial static code analysis tools? Don't miss Static Code Analysis Showdown: Commercial or Open Source!
Cameroon went down fighting - off the ball and amongst themselves - as they exited the World Cup on Wednesday with Alex Song adding a red card to the ill-disciplined African nation's long list in a thumping 4-0 defeat by Croatia.
The Europeans were already leading 1-0 when Barcelona midfielder Song opted for a petulant elbow smash into the back of Croatian striker Mario Mandzukic in the 40th minute of their Group A clash in Manaus.
Cameroon's Achille Weboc tries to separate teammates Benjamin Moukandjo and Benoit Assou-Ekotto. Credit:Reuters
As Mandzukic collapsed in agony, Portuguese referee Pedro Proenca swiftly dismissed Song - the eighth red card for Cameroon in seven World Cup finals appearances.
There was further unruly behaviour in the closing stages of the game when fullback Benoit Assou-Ekotto and teammate Benjamin Moukandjo had to be separated after rutting heads.
Jean-Pierre Veilleux said their first inkling that something was wrong was when they heard a loud smash from their neighbour's west-side Saskatoon home.
"My kids came up to me and said, 'Dad, somebody is trying to break into the neighbour's house,'" they said.
"Right away, I grabbed my bat."
According to police, a suspect had broken into the home on Lisgar Avenue around 8 a.m. CST and stabbed a female victim multiple times. Them injuries are not life threatening.
That's when Veilleux arrived.
"I hit them once in the head with the baseball bat, swung again and hit them in the arm."
Veilleux then chased the suspect out of the house, over a fence and down the alley. They caught them and subdued him, then called police using the suspect's own phone.
Police said the invasion does not appear to be random and that the suspect and victim knew each other. Police are still investigating.
The suspect's injuries are not life threatening.
Murray made 21 unforced errors against Federer
ATP World Tour Finals, O2 Arena London, 9-16 November Coverage: Afternoon sessions (14:00 GMT) and first semi-final (14:00 GMT) on BBC Two/BBC Sport website, final on BBC Three/BBC Sport website (19:00 GMT); live commentary of each match on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra, live text commentary on BBC Sport website
Roger was really exceptional on Thursday night, it was the best he's ever played against me, but I was disappointed with my performance. There's no denying how much it hurts.
At 6-0 and a break down, I wasn't worrying about losing the match 6-0 6-0 so much as trying to string a couple of points together and maybe start thinking about winning a game.
It was the first time I'd been in that position in my whole career and I hope it never happens again.
This year has been testing and I've learned a lot along the way, it's just a shame to finish it with another very harsh lesson. I'm sure it will be a tough one to look back in the future.
Maybe I can use it as motivation, although that's never really been an issue for me. I just have to remember that this time last year I was at home doing my rehab after back surgery and watching bits and pieces of the matches on TV. It wasn't easy.
Murray did not produce a forehand winner the whole match
Sometimes I'd gone into the Paris Masters at the end of the year feeling quite tired, whereas last year I was watching it thinking: 'I'd love to be there.' When you see guys competing, you realise how much you miss that.
Over the last few months I'd really started to enjoy my tennis again after struggling earlier in the year. My back had still been giving me some trouble when I thought that doing the rehab meant it would be fine.
That wasn't the case, and I was completely wrong to expect it to be like that.
Then the split happened with my coach, Ivan Lendl, and that was tough too. I brought Amelie Mauresmo into the team over the summer and for the last two or three months you would say it has gone well.
A match like Thursday night's is extremely disappointing for me though. I need to make sure when I'm going into those big matches that I have everything covered and I'm totally clear about what I want to do. That's something I need to look at.
So what have I learned this year?
Media playback is not supported on this device ATP World Tour Finals: Andy Murray 'to make changes' to their game after loss
Well, firstly that going through surgery is not something I want to repeat, so I'll try and take better care of my body in future.
I also learned that when you do spend three or four months away from the court, the other guys get better.
People often like to compare generations and ask whether Roger would have beaten someone like Rod Laver. The surgery made me realise that while you're away the game moves on even in the space of a few months.
The other guys continue to make slight improvements, your level drops and they just get a bit further away from you. To catch up with them takes time and, in my case, this year I ran out of time.
I clearly wasn't at the top level by the end of the year and I'm going to need to put in a lot of work to get back there, which might mean changing my plans for the off-season.
I've got my friend Ross Hutchins's wedding next week and I'm the best man - I can't say my confidence levels are sky high right now but I'm sure the speech will go OK.
I had then planned to head to Miami in the first week of December, but if I want to make changes to my game it will take a lot longer than 10 days of practice.
Murray will be the best man for their friend and former Davis Cup team-mate next week
There won't be drastic alterations to my game but Thursday night was not good enough, and even against the best players I should be giving myself opportunities to win games, sets and matches.
The good thing is I now have time to think about a few things and then go and work on them. A week is a long time in tennis, things can change quickly, and I know I can do what is necessary to sustain a higher level consistently. My goals remain as high as ever and the next target is already clear - to try and win the Australian Open.
Thanks for your support during the year and in London over the last week, I'm just sorry I couldn't have done better, but I'll work as hard as possible to come back stronger in 2015.
FC Red Bull Salzburg is an Austrian football club in Wals-Siezenheim. Their home ground is the Red Bull Arena. Due to sponsorship restrictions, the club is known as FC Salzburg and wears a modified crest when playing in UEFA competitions.[2]
The club was known as SV Austria Salzburg, and had several sponsored names, before being bought by Red Bull GmbH in 2005 who renamed the club and changed its colours from its traditional violet and white to red and white. The change resulted in some of the team's fans forming a new club, SV Austria Salzburg.
Founded in 1933, and refounded in 2005 as Red Bull Salzburg, the club won its first Bundesliga title in 1994, which was the first of three in the span of four seasons which also saw them reach the 1994 UEFA Cup final. The club has won twelve league titles and five Austrian Cups, all five of which came as doubles.
History [ edit ]
Historical chart of league performance of Red Bull Salzburg and their predecessor
Pre-Red Bull [ edit ]
FC Red Bull Salzburg was founded on 13 September 1933 as SV Austria Salzburg, after the merger of the city's two clubs, Hertha and Rapid.[3] In 1950, the club was dissolved but re-founded later the same year. It reached the Austrian top flight in 1953,[2] and finished 9th of 14 clubs in its first season there, avoiding relegation by five points.[4] Vienna-born Erich Probst was Salzburg's first-ever international, earning the last of their 19 Austrian caps on 27 March 1960.[5] Adolf Macek, who made the first of their four international appearances on 9 October 1965, was the club's first local player to earn a cap for Austria.[6]
Salzburg were top-flight runners-up for the first time in the 1970–71 season, gaining 43 points to Wacker Innsbruck's 44.[7] The club's first-ever European campaign was in the 1971–72 UEFA Cup, and it was eliminated 5–4 on aggregate by Romanian club UTA despite a 3–1 home victory in the second leg.[8] In 1974, Salzburg reached the Austrian Cup final for the first time, losing 2–1 away to Austria Wien in the first leg before a 1–1 home draw in the second.[9]
Salzburg moved to their current stadium, now known as the Red Bull Arena in 2003
In 1978, the club's official name was changed to SV Casino Salzburg and in 1997, to SV Wüstenrot Salzburg, due to a sponsorship deal with an Austrian financial services corporation. The team often remained referred to as SV Austria Salzburg. During the Casino era, Salzburg reached their first and so far only European final, the 1994 UEFA Cup final, where they lost both legs 1–0 to Inter Milan.[10] That same season, Salzburg won their first Bundesliga title, beating Austria Wien by 51 points to 49.[11] The title was retained the following season as Salzburg beat Sturm Graz on goal difference.[12] The 1995–96 season saw a drop to eighth place, one above a relegation play-off,[13] but the club's third title in four seasons was won in 1997 as they beat holders Rapid Wien by three points.[14]
Salzburg's inaugural UEFA Champions League campaign in 1994–95 saw them reach the group stage by beating Israel's Maccabi Haifa 5–2 on aggregate.[15] They were drawn into Group D with holders and eventual finalists Milan and eventual winners Ajax, as well as AEK Athens. Despite drawing both matches with Ajax, Salzburg picked up a solitary 3–1 win away in Athens and were eliminated in third place.[16]
The club moved to its current stadium in 2003.[2]
The Red Bull takeover [ edit ]
Due to UEFA regulations, Red Bull Salzburg use a modified crest and the name "FC Salzburg" when playing European matches. This crest was used up to 2016–17 season.
The Red Bull company purchased the club on 6 April 2005 and rebranded it. After the takeover, Red Bull changed the club's name, management and staff, declaring "this is a new club with no history". Red Bull initially claimed on the club website that the club was founded in 2005, but was ordered to remove this claim by the Austrian Football Association. The new authority removed all trace of violet from the club logo and the team now play in the colours of red and white, to the consternation of much of the club's traditional support.[17] A small pair of wings form the motif of the new club crest, displayed on the team jersey, in accordance with Red Bull's commercial slogan at the time: "gives you wings". This complete re-branding of the team proved very similar to Red Bull's treatment of its two Formula One racing teams, Red Bull Racing and Scuderia Toro Rosso. Red Bull, however, would not completely follow this precedent when it acquired the MetroStars club in Major League Soccer (MLS) in the United States; while it rebranded the team as the New York Red Bulls, it chose to recognise the MetroStars' history.
Red Bull Salzburg, October 2005
The traditional supporters tried to resist the radical changes and formed their own movement in order to regain some of the tradition. Several fan-clubs throughout Europe voiced their support in what they saw as a fight against the growing commercialisation of football. However, after five months of protests and talks between the club owners and traditional fans, no compromise was reached. On 15 September 2005, the "violet" supporters stated that the talks had irreversibly broken down and efforts to reach an agreement would be terminated.
This gave rise to two separate fan groups: the "Red-Whites", who support "Red Bull Salzburg" and the "Violet-Whites", who want to preserve the 72-year-old tradition and refuse to support the rebranded club. The Violet-Whites ultimately formed a new club, Austria Salzburg after viewing Red Bull's offer to maintain the original colours only for the goalkeeper's socks at away games as an insult.[18]
The club's history going back to 1933 was later restored on the club website.[19]
Red Bull era [ edit ]
Dutchman Ricardo Moniz coached Red Bull to a Bundesliga and Cup double in the 2011–12 season.
German Roger Schmidt was coach from 2012 until 2014
In May 2006, Red Bull announced on their website that they had hired veteran Italian coach Giovanni Trapattoni, together with their former player, German FIFA World Cup winner Lothar Matthäus, as co-trainers. The pair initially denied having reached a deal, but officially signed on 23 May 2006. Red Bull ultimately won the 2006–07 Bundesliga by a comfortable margin with five games still left in the season after drawing 2–2 with previous season's champions Austria Wien on 28 April 2007.
Red Bull were beaten by Shakhtar Donetsk in the third qualifying round[20][21] of the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League, and were then knocked out of the 2007–08 UEFA Cup in the first round by AEK Athens. On 13 February 2008, Giovanni Trapattoni confirmed that they would be taking over as the new Republic of Ireland national team manager in May. In their final season, the club finished as runners-up, six points behind champions Rapid Wien.[22] Trapattoni was succeeded by Co Adriaanse, under whom they finished as champions, but they left after one year. Their successor was Huub Stevens. On 14 May 2010, Stevens' Red Bull retained the Bundesliga.[23]
Stevens was replaced by Dutchman Ricardo Moniz at the end of the 2010–11 season, in which Red Bull were denied a third consecutive title by Sturm Graz, who won the league by a three-point margin.[24] Red Bull finished second in the league, and qualified for the following season's UEFA Europa League. Moniz was ordered to integrate young players from the Junior squad: at the beginning of the 2011–12 season Daniel Offenbacher, Martin Hinteregger, Georg Teigl and Marco Meilinger were promoted to the first team. In the 2011–12 season, Red Bull won the Bundesliga league title and Cup double.
After the 2011–12 season, Moniz departed their post despite having a year remaining on their contract. The new coach for the 2012–13 season was Roger Schmidt, who came from SC Paderborn of the German 2. Bundesliga. In July 2012, Red Bull were knocked out of the Champions League in the second qualifying round against F91 Dudelange of Luxembourg, losing the first leg 1–0 away, followed by a 4–3 home win which saw the club eliminated on away goals.[25]
After that, the team was changed fundamentally. At the end of the transfer period, new players were purchased: Valon Berisha, Kevin Kampl, Håvard Nielsen, Sadio Mané, Isaac Vorsah, Rodnei. In the 2012–13 season, the team finished second in the league, behind champions Austria Wien. They recaptured the league title the following season with an 11-point margin over the runners-up. Also, in the 2014–15 season, they won both the Bundesliga and the cup as they did again in the 2015-16 season. In December 2014 the coach Peter Zeidler was dismissed and replaced for the last two matches in the first half of the season by Thomas Letsch. Then Óscar García took over.
Also in the next 2016-17 season Salzburg won both the Bundesliga and the cup. In 2018 Salzburg lost the cupfinal against Sturm Graz. At the beginning of the 2017-18 season Marco Rose became coach after Óscar García left the club. This season was the most successful in history. In the UEFA Europa League Salzburg reached the semifinals and won during the campaign against Borussia Dortmund and Lazio Roma.
Relationship with RB Leipzig [ edit ]
In 2009, Red Bull bought an amateur club in Leipzig, Germany and re-named them RasenBallsport Leipzig (so named to circumvent local rules on corporate naming rules) with the aim of establishing a leading branded team in that country[26][27] in a similar mould to its existing franchises in Salzburg and other locations.[28] Over the next decade, Leipzig became the owners' main football project, and the close relationship between the teams was exemplified by the number of players moving between them (Georg Teigl, Marcel Sabitzer, Yordy Reyna and Stefan Ilsanker all transferred from Salzburg to Leipzig) with some of the Austrian fans becoming increasingly annoyed at their best players being signed by the 'step-sibling' club in their mission to climb through the levels of German football.[29][30] There are also links between their youth systems[31] and scouting networks.[32]
Having finished as runners-up in their debut season in the German top flight, RB Leipzig gained entry to continental football for the first time, specifically the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League for which Red Bull Salzburg had also qualified as Austrian champions; this raised the issue of a possible conflict of interest between the clubs due to the level of influence exerted by Red Bull over both teams and the close sporting relationship between them in various aspects.[33][27][34] After examining the operational structures during June 2017, UEFA declared themselves satisfied under their regulations that the two clubs (particularly Salzburg) were suitably independent from the Red Bull corporation, and sufficiently distinct from one another, for both be admitted to their competitions.[35][36] In the first season following that ruling, both reached the quarter-finals of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League but did not play each other, with RB Leipzig eliminated by Olympique de Marseille who then also knocked out Salzburg in the semi-finals. However, in the next edition of the same competition, RB Leipzig and Red Bull Salzburg were drawn together in Group B to meet competitively for the first time.[37][38] Salzburg were the victors in both fixtures between the clubs (3–2 in Germany, 1–0 in Austria)[39][40] and also won all their other matches to top the group, while Leipzig failed to progress after dropping further points against Celtic and Rosenborg.[41]
Honours [ edit ]
Austrian Bundesliga
Austrian Cup
Austrian Supercup
Winners (3): 1994*, 1995*, 1997*
Austrian First League
Winners (2): 1977–78*, 1986–87*
UEFA Cup
* as SV Austria Salzburg
UEFA Youth League
European competition history [ edit ]
Overall record [ edit ]
Accurate as of 21 February 2019
Competition Played Won Drew Lost GF GA GD Win% UEFA Champions League 7001560000000000000♠ 56 7001240000000000000♠ 24 7001150000000000000♠ 15 7001170000000000000♠ 17 7001750000000000000♠ 75 7001580000000000000♠ 58 +17 0 7001428600000000000♠ 42.86 Cup Winners' Cup 7000200000000000000♠ 2 5000000000000000000♠ 0 5000000000000000000♠ 0 7000200000000000000♠ 2 5000000000000000000♠ 0 7000800000000000000♠ 8 −8 00 5000000000000000000♠ 0.00 UEFA Cup / UEFA Europa League 7002116000000000000♠ 116 7001620000000000000♠ 62 7001160000000000000♠ 16 7001380000000000000♠ 38 7002192000000000000♠ 192 7002134000000000000♠ 134 +58 0 7001534500000000000♠ 53.45 UEFA Intertoto Cup 7001120000000000000♠ 12 7000400000000000000♠ 4 7000300000000000000♠ 3 7000500000000000000♠ 5 7001220000000000000♠ 22 7001190000000000000♠ 19 +3 0 7001333300000000000♠ 33.33 Total 7002186000000000000♠ 186 7001900000000000000♠ 90 7001340000000000000♠ 34 7001620000000000000♠ 62 7002289000000000000♠ 289 7002219000000000000♠ 219 +70 0 7001483900000000000♠ 48.39
Legend: GF = Goals For. GA = Goals Against. GD = Goal Difference.
Q = Qualification
= Qualification PO = Play-Off
= Play-Off QF = Quarter-final
= Quarter-final SF = Semi-final
Matches [ edit ]
UEFA coefficient ranking [ edit ]
As of 01/10/2018[42]
Rank Country Team Points 34 FC Salzburg 40.500
Players [ edit ]
Current squad [ edit ]
As of 14 January 2019
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
No. Position Player No. Position Player
Out on loan [ edit ]
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
No. Position Player No. Position Player
Coaching staff [ edit ]
FC Liefering squad [ edit ]
Since 2012, FC Liefering, currently participating in the Austrian First League, has been a farm team for Red Bull Salzburg.[43]
Managerial history [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Phillip Chappuie, an Independence native, walked with me through the hospital and pointed out memories of the hospital. “My father was a doctor here. My kids were born here.”
The hospital itself wasn't what most would expect from a hospital facing closure. Clean, pristine and well kept, for many the look of Independence Mercy Hospital would make you think of a building waiting for an opening day, a chance to greet and serve patients to signal that a small Kansas community had interest in offering residents access to good medical care, as a way to help attract new residents and businesses.
The well-kept look of Mercy Hospital and empty hallways mirrors too much of the daily life in Montgomery County. The industrial park, about 14 miles outside of town, is full of new construction buildings that lay dormant, waiting on new owners and jobs.
An Amazon Warehouse which at one point brought 1,500 jobs into Montgomery County now waits for new industry. Southwire, another partner in the industrial park and an employer of 200 lays dormant nearby.
Micky Webb, City Manager of Independence, candidly evaluated the issues. “We've had county meetings on prospects for businesses to help come back into Independence, to bring some jobs here. Right now, though they are prospects; they aren't jobs right now, just prospects, just talk. I think there are prospects for more jobs in the city as well. I think there will be some expansion from small businesses. So we've got some job prospects, but not enough to make up for the jobs we've lost.”
For the city of Independence, the closure of Mercy Hospital creates an added burden. While the state legislature and governor are disinterested in Medicaid expansion, citing concerns over cost, the City of Independence is beginning to feel the immediate impact of taking community tax revenues and spending on emergency services, while concerns of a shrinking tax base grow.
Committed to maintaining a way of life in Independence, the city government invested resources in their own emergency services, adding another ambulance and more paramedics. The reasoning was simple. “We have to be able to cover an emergency at peak here” contended Webb, “and if an Ambulance is out on a call, it may take more time.”
How much more time? Jonathan Booe, a paramedic for the city, told me the loss of the hospital creates new logistical problems. “Getting an ambulance isn't driving an ambulance from our loading bay to a hospital. An ambulance has to go to the scene, then load up, then take a patient to the hospital. If the patient is aware, yeah they can make the choice (as to which hospital they wish to seek service), but now we need extra training in a lot of things – so we know which hospital to take them to in case of emergencies.” Booe noted that they thought the city had been working “really hard” to help paramedics with good training and new tools, like an extra vehicle to make this possible. “Still, you look at the time. If a patient needs critical care that requires us to go to Bartlesville (Oklahoma), you're taking an Ambulance out of service for 3 hours, minimum. Even Coffeyville means an ambulance is out for 90 minutes or more because of the travel back and forth on top of handling patient care.”
Micky Webb had another concern, “we want to provide quality emergency care so people aren't taking to the highway themselves and racing to the hospital elsewhere”. The paramedics agreed with that assessment. “I live in Cherryvale,” said Booe, “so people there are more used to preventive care because they don't have a hospital that close. Here, people are used to a hospital so they just go to the emergency room when they feel sick. That's going to change now, driving yourself to the hospital won't be as close.”
Local businesses worried too about the closure of the hospital. Walgreens, the nearby pharmacy, is only a few blocks away from Mercy Hospital. Patients who left the emergency room and needed antibiotics for simple ailments or quick treatment often came to Walgreens to have their needs met. “I think we handle a lot of prescriptions from there. It'll be different, that's for sure,” said a Walgreens cashier.
Most of the community viewed the hospital as such a staple for their daily life that they found it hard to imagine a community without it. The existence of a hospital was one of the amenities that helped draw businesses and allowed Independence to market itself as a “full service community.”
The growth in paramedics and emergency services will help with that, Webb contends, but “the real question is always about money.” Governor Brownback had promised that the sun is shining in Kansas, but in Independence, Webb notes, the struggle has been ongoing, preceding their term with city government. Upon their arrival services in Independence had already been “cut significantly”, but now they contend “we're going to have to look at how we can cut budgets. Public safety has to come first. We just don't have a choice, you have to have it, but we will probably have to look at what we can do.”
Independence believes their children are the key to sustaining their way of life. City workers were proud to point that unlike other small communities, kids who graduate Independence High School and attend Independence Community College plan to stay in Independence. Despite that desire to stay, some Independence natives worry about loss of jobs and services pushing more students to reconsider and move to nearby cities.
The bucket truck had arrived on the scene and was prepared to cover the sign on the emergency room, to make sure that even during the daytime people would clearly know the hospital wasn't open. “It's instinct. I think everyone knows, but in an emergency, someone might still try to come here.” Turning off the lights that showed “EMERGENCY” on the entryway would be a part of it, and at 9:00pm, the sign would be covered.
The paramedics for city services still had work to do, by 7pm, they had 6 calls in a shift, not that abnormal, said Booe, “we have ups and downs, we had more than 2000 calls last year”. By 8pm, though, Paramedics too had time to come to the Hospital entrance and walk through the emergency room doors one last time. The hospital was quiet tonight, two intakes with a last minute walk-in. Simple illnesses that still gave some comfort to patients who sought care. Strep Throat marked what would likely be the last of the labwork and the last patient served many figured.
Sitting on the steps in front of the emergency sign, lab workers, nurses and staff told stories of how their life was impacted, and the politics of it at all. “Have you seen Jeff King since this all happened?” I asked lab workers, “Not a peep from anyone. I'm pretty unhappy with Brownback right now, I'll tell you that.” While the Brownback stickers in nearby areas and voting patterns tell me there are likely a lot of Brownback supporters present, on the steps people wondered why the state had seemingly forgotten to help, to bring some of that “Kansas Sunshine” governor Brownback had promised to the streets of Independence. The hospital, a private, Catholic institution withered a series of cuts it couldn't overcome. The loss of industry, jobs, residents who could pay and the lack of Medicaid expansion were all the small daggers that make it difficult for a small hospital to survive.
“A Catholic hospital has more than just the requirement to serve the sick, it's a moral obligation.” Said a lab worker, “you know those urgent care centers they can turn you away if you can't pay but an emergency room can't, especially a good Catholic one.”
As they shared hugs and some laughs, I asked how long many had worked at the hospital. “I've been here 38 years”, “34 years”, “21 years”, even newcomers had time to remember “6 years”.
“What do you do next?” I asked, wondering if many who had served their community so long had plans. “Look for jobs. Still have a mortgage to pay, that's for sure.”
Their Senator, Jeff King, and Governor Sam Brownback had run on a campaign of prioritizing anti-abortion and pro-growth economies, and had succeeded in winning votes in Montgomery county. Now, a hospital that had never practiced abortion as a religious institution was being put to rest, and the community labored to rehabilitate the job base after the promised Kansas Sunshine failed to materialize.
At 8:43pm, the lights on the emergency room sign were turned off for the last time. It had been turned off earlier as crews worked to begin the shutdown, but for the sake of employees a few more minutes were provided so they could have a final memory.
At 9:06pm, the signage that rest above the entrance way to Mercy Hospital was covered and all blinds were drawn on the 2nd floor. “We lost something big here,” said an older gentleman as they hugged an RN, “my wife passed away here, and you were so good to her."
For Micky Webb, the show must go on, and as city manager, they have to find a new way to help their city succeed. “Now is the ideal time for a strategy meeting about where do we go next. I'm ready for that meeting. I think we now have a chance to step back and say: what can we do, what should we do for the good of our residents of Independence and Montgomery County.”
No matter what the city leadership decides, though, the lack of leadership in the statehouse to consider Medicaid expansion makes it significantly unlikely that Independence can foster their own hospital again anytime soon.
Exiting town, the flags and signs for Neewollah flap in the wind, a town celebration designed to encourage kids to come to the town and celebrate rather than play tricks. The celebration which has gone on since 1919 will feel different this year; the tricks that Neewollah was formed to stop may not happen – no burning hay bales in Independence future – but for many, the loss of employment and a way of life will weigh heavy on many attendees, and that reality for them is unfortunately not a trick they can easily solve.
(UPDATED) 'Hindi na pupuwede 'yung fake news... Hahabulin at hahabulin ko kayo every time,' says opposition Senator Antonio Trillanes IV
Published 4:10 PM, September 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Opposition Senator Antonio Trillanes IV is set to file libel charges against Communications Assistant Secretary Mocha Uson, radio commentator Erwin Tulfo, and a journalist allegedly behind a propaganda website.
Trillanes claimed these 3 are responsible for spreading fake news about their supposed offshore bank accounts, as alleged by President Rodrigo Duterte.
The senator identified the third person as a certain Ben Tesiorna, a supposed correspondent of CNN Philippines. The network, in a statement, denied that Tesiorna is an employee and clarified that they "was a contributor whose stories were used by CNN Philippines on occasion."
"Within the next few days, fa-file-an ko ng kaso si Erwin Tulfo, Mocha Uson, at si Mr Ben Tesiorna," Trillanes said in a press conference on Monday, September 11.
(Within the next few days, I'll file charges against Erwin Tulfo, Mocha Uson, and Mr Ben Tesiorna.)
"Kakasuhan ko sila ng libel. Hindi na pupuwede 'yung fake news. The era of fake news is over. Itong Duterte administration, nanalo kayo sa fake news. Pero ngayon, hindi na puwede 'yun. Hahabulin at hahabulin ko kayo every time," they said.
(I'll sue them for libel. I can't allow fake news to continue. The era of fake news is over. The Duterte administration won by spreading fake news. But now, that can't be. I'll go after you every time.)
Tesiorna is allegedly behind the Facebook page called Davao Breaking News - 2, one of the pages which posted details of Trillanes' alleged foreign accounts, which the senator claims are fake.
Fake bank accounts
Trillanes said two of the banks mentioned by the Duterte camp – Nova Scotia Bank and Hongkong Shanghai Bank – are "bogus" and non-existent.
The senator said the legitimate bank is called Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, commonly known as HSBC. The bank has branches in the Philippines.
A quick Google search would also show that there is no Nova Scotia Bank, just a Bank of Nova Scotia.
"Dito makikita na si Duterte ay napaka-sinungaling na tao at ginamit 'yung kapangyarihan ng gobyerno para masira 'yung mga miyembro ng oposisyon," Trillanes said.
(We can see that Duterte is a big liar and they are using the power of the government to destroy members of the opposition.)
During the press briefing, Trillanes also presented to the media copies of 12 signed bank secrecy waivers that they submitted to the Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC) and the Office of the Ombudsman.These documents were also notarized and received by the AMLC.
Trillanes once again challenged Duterte to sign waivers so the government could look into their bank accounts.
It was Trillanes who first accused Duterte of having billions of pesos in secret bank accounts during the 2016 campaign. Duterte has refused to sign documents and has only verbally ordered the AMLC to look into their accounts.
"'Di puwedeng boka-boka diyan, kailangan mo pumirma ng waiver. Kung matapang ka, 'di ka corrupt, pumirma ka ng waiver gaya ng ginawa ko ngayon, addressed sa AMLC at Ombudsman. Alam ko 'di mo 'yan gagawin dahil duwag ka sa katotohanan. Alam ko na kurakot ka, gaya nung iyong pamilya," they said.
(You can't just be all talk, you have to sign a waiver. If you're brave, if you're not corrupt, then sign a waiver like I did, addressed to the AMLC and Ombudsman. But I know you won't do that because you're afraid of the truth. I know you're corrupt, just like your family.) – Rappler.com
The truth cuts through error like a sharp sword. These twelve Catholic cardinals and bishops have spoken out against gender theory, clearing the toxic fog spread by the transgender movement and its biology deniers. In clear terms these prelates call gender theory what it really is: destructive, anti-reason, neo-Marxist, tyrannical, a form of spiritual terrorism and demonic.
Please share these quotes:
Most Rev. James D. Conley
Bishop of Lincoln, Nebraska
“We are living in a time when ordinary human reason is quickly being replaced by ‘the barren thorns of passion.' Our entire culture has been caught up in a kind of sentimentalized and relativized tyranny of tolerance: we vilify and condemn, ever more quickly, any sense of reasonable and ordered social policy. We have a vague sense that endorsing certain fashionable kinds of social and emotional disorders—including transgenderism—is a mandate of justice, or a victory for civil rights…
“But the Church will not deny that God created us male and female. We will not confuse respect and compassion with capitulation to a tragic delusion. Our Catholic schools will continue to teach and live the truth, because of our care for every student. We can only help students grow in holiness when we help them to live in accord with the truth. We will continue to do that, no matter the cost.”
(Source: Southern Nebraska Register)
Cardinal Robert Sarah
Prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments
“[In France] they corrected me, they said I cannot use the word ‘deviation', but I would not know which other word to use [about gender theory]… Even fools recognize that, between a man and a woman, there is a difference and a complementarity. Man is nothing without a woman and vice versa. This is not my own position, this is the position of the Church, and all Christians, all families are called to fight against this deviation.”
(Source: LifeSiteNews.com)
Cardinal Raymond Burke
Patron of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta
“Gender theory is an invention, an artificial creation. It is impossible to have an identity that does not respect the proper nature of man and that of woman. It is madness that will cause immense damage in society and in the lives of those who support this theory. With gender theory, it is impossible to live in society. Already today, in certain places in the United States, anyone at all can change identity and say, ‘Today I am a man; tomorrow I will be a woman.' That is truly madness. Some men insist on going into the women's restrooms. That is inhuman. In the schools, you can imagine the confusion. […] Nowadays there is enormous confusion, which is based on the false idea that there are practically an infinite number of possible sexual orientations. The twofold expression of the human person is not heterosexuality and homosexuality, but male and female. This is the authentic theology of anthropology: that God created man: ‘male and female they created them.'”
(Source: LifeSiteNews.com)
Cardinal Rubén Salazar Gómez
Archbishop of Bogota, Columbia
“We reject the implementation of gender ideology in the Colombian education, because it's a destructive ideology, [it] destroys the human being, taking away its fundamental principle of the complementary relationship between man and woman… Individual rights can't go against the rights of the community… [we must] proclaim the family as the cell of social life.”
(Source: Crux)
Cardinal José Francisco Robles Ortega
Archbishop of Guadalajara, Mexico
“The future of humanity is played in marriage and the natural family is formed by a heterosexual couple… The proliferation of the mentality of gender ideology… denies the natural reciprocity between a man and a woman.”
(Source: Crux)
Most Rev. Demeterio Fernández González
Bishop of Cordoba, Spain
“[G]ender ideology is an atomic bomb that wants to destroy Catholic doctrine, the image of God in man, and the image of God the Creator.”
(Source: Crux)
Most Rev. Rudolf Voderholzer
Bishop of Regensburg, Germany
“Gender theoreticians use the equality issues in order to introduce in society a notion of man that goes far beyond specific concerns of equality and, finally, paradoxically, leads to the dissolution of that which ought to be protected, specifically the intrinsic value of male and female existence. The gender theory implies a denial of the nature of man and woman and, hence, also the exclusion of the belief in God, the good Creator… the essence of man and woman is the potential to become a father and the potential to become a mother, respectively. These are not exchangeable roles, but, rather, gifts from the Creator, and, in the last instance, a calling… gender theory [is] an ideology that completely opposes reality and the integrity of human nature.”
(Source: Catholic News Agency)
Most Rev. Thomas Paprocki
Bishop of Springfield, Illinois
“The transgender activists would have you believe that their politically correct ideology is based on science; however, the American College of Pediatricians has pointed out that transgenderism is classified as a mental illness and therefore has warned legislators and educators that conditioning children to accept transgenderism as normal is child abuse. They advised, ‘When an otherwise healthy biological boy believes they are a girl, or an otherwise healthy biological girl believes they are a boy, an objective psychological problem exists that lies in the mind, not the body, and it should be treated as such.'
“… People who are confused about their gender identity—especially children and adolescents—should be treated with compassion and provided counseling rather than being further confused by activists promoting their political ideology.”
(Source: Courageous Priest)
Most Rev. Frederick Bernard Henry
Bishop of Calgary, Alberta — Canada
“What is at stake [in the fight against gender theory] is the very order of creation […]
“The primordial divine plan was spoken of clearly by Christ himself: ‘Have you not read that they who made them from the beginning made them male and female?' (Mt.19:4). At the core we see the father and the mother, a couple with their personal story of love: ‘Therefore a man shall leave their father and mother and cleave to their wife, and they shall become one flesh' (Gen.2:24). The result of this union is that, both physically and in the union of their hearts and lives, and eventually, in a child who will share not only genetically but also spiritually in the ‘flesh' of both parents. The family is thus the place where parents become their children's first teachers.”
(Source: Catholic Diocese of Calgary)
Most Rev. Thomas J. Tobin
Bishop of Providence, Rhode Island
“I go back to the very basics and in the book of Genesis we read, ‘God created the human family.' Male and female, they created them. There was no third option.”
(Source: NBC 10 News)
Most Rev. Andreas Laun, O.S.F.S.
Auxiliary Bishop of Salzburg, Austria
“Gender ideology, which is so popular today in the so-called highly developed world, is not rational. The foundational thesis of this sick ‘product of reason' is the end result of radical feminism, to which the homosexual lobby has attached itself. It is claimed that there are not only man and woman, but other ‘genders.'
“[…] They want to force us all to believe in this fully absurd, new gender-fairy tale! But, is there really a ‘self-chosen gender?' Experience points to a simple answer: NO!…
“[I]s gender theory demonic?…It is obvious, after seeing the many draconian laws in favor of the new gender ideology, ones that simply rape our God-made natures, ones that ‘change the form' of people only show one thing: Their proposers want to be like God. They desire to ‘create' new, self-made men. In the meantime, the Slovak, Polish, Croatian, Portuguese, and bishops from Italy and other lands have lifted their voices in protest. They are all united in their message: Gender ideology is a threat to civilization itself, especially the Church. The gender ideologues are a sort of spiritual ‘Taliban' and they even have their own ‘sleeper cells' ready to go into action at any time!…
“Yes, gender ideology is the destruction of man.”
(Source: Kath.net – translation is ours.)
Joint Statement of the Polish Bishops' Conference
“The gender ideology (movement) is the product of many decades of ideological and cultural changes that are deeply rooted in Marxism and neo-Marxism endorsed by some feminist movements and the sexual revolution. This ideology promotes principles that are totally contrary to reality and an integral understanding of human nature.”
(Source: Rorate-Caeli Blog)
Council of European Episcopal Conferences (CCEE)
(representing 45 countries in Europe)
“The Church does not accept ‘gender theory' because it is an expression of an anthropology contrary to the true and authentic appreciation of the human person.”
(Source: Zenit.org)
Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI
People dispute the idea that they have a nature, given by their bodily identity, that serves as a defining element of the human being. They deny their nature and decide that it is not something previously given to them, but that they make it for themselves.
According to the biblical creation account, being created by God as male and female pertains to the essence of the human creature. This duality is an essential aspect of what being human is all about, as ordained by God. This very duality as something previously given is what is now disputed. The words of the creation account: “male and female they created them” (Gen 1:27) no longer apply.
(Source: Vatican website)
I'm lucky that my headache subsided enough to get you this episode! Also I'm lucky that my computer, which is in ill health, was able to complete this episode! I'm lucky that I get to get another episode full of great ska music out to all of you too! So with out further explanation, here it is!
Rancid – Time Bomb (…and Out Come the Wolves '96)
Intensified – Damn Fool (Lunar City Groove '11)
Profesor Galactico – Tonterias (Dale la Bota comp '13)
Skavoovie & the Epitones – Aquaman (Ripe '97)
doctormanette – Paper Fish (the Same Thing Over & Over '99)
Steady Earnest – Sunshine Superman (Dr. Earnest's Nerve Steadying Spirits '99)
the Aquabats! – Playdough (the Fury of the Aquabats! '97)
Hey, anyone gonna be in San Diego this weekend for Comic Con? Hit me up, radjose@gmail.com! I'll be there… kinda got comics on the brain right now if you can't tell by listening to this episode.
Find & like 23min of Ska on facebook. Also, feel free to download this episode. Ska is better on vinyl. Hit up Grandpa's Casino Recordings, we have some great vinyl records!
While virtual reality may not be mainstream, there are lots of promising devices on the horizon, and there's still lots of work to do.
Researchers at Stanford University and Nvidia are making a contribution to the technology with a virtual reality prototype that uses light field technology -- which describes how light flows through a single point in every direction -- to mimic how each eye focuses on objects based on distance.
Typically, virtual reality headsets create the illusion of 3D using a "stereoscopic" technique that puts two separate images in your eyes with slightly different angles. But the images are flat and that can create strain on the user's eyes.
"The way we perceive the natural world is much more complex than stereoscopic," Gordon Wetzstein, an assistant professor of electrical engineering at Stanford, said in an interview. "Our eyes can focus at different distances. Even one eye can see in 3D. It does that by focusing the eye."
What the Stanford and Nvidia's prototype does is create a sense of depth in each eye and combines it with the stereoscopic technique of showing images at slightly different angles in each eye. The prototype uses two transparent LCD screens layered on top of each other that produce the light field affect. Each eye is shown a combination of 25 images through the layered LDC screens to give the sense of depth. It's sort of like putting a hologram in front of each eye.
This technique allows the user to look around the virtual world and see depth.
The virtual reality prototype is attached to a desktop PC equipped with Nvidia's Maxwell graphics card architecture. The algorithm used to compute all the images in the headset is based on Nvidia's CUDA programming language.
The secretive startup Magic Leap -- which is building an augmented reality headset, not virtual reality -- also claims it uses some sort of light field technology to reproduce realistic digital objects, but the company hasn't made any details public on how it accomplishes this.
But creating a sense of depth isn't the only challenge for virtual reality devices. Headsets also need to have extremely high resolution and as little latency as possible between when someone moves their head and what shows up in the headset. Using mostly off-the-shelf hardware, Wetzstein's virtual reality prototype isn't able to provide very high resolution and low latency. With billions from Facebook, the latest versions of the Oculus Rift headset shown to the public reportedly have solved these problems around resolution and latency.
0 Seattle's Eastlake residents want fortified alcohol banned
SEATTLE, Wash. - Jules James stood outside the Lake Union Mail they have owned for 26 years, describing the consequences they and their Eastlake neighbors are living with because of chronic inebriates.
"Consequences are cleaning up fecal matter out of our garages, having street drunks in our parks, doing all sorts of things, howling at kids," said James. "It's really an unpleasant situation."
They say there is evidence all over the neighborhood that chronic drunks have found their way to Eastlake, because the surrounding neighborhoods have pushed them out.
"Yes, on all sides of us," said James. "We are an island for alcohol. And that's the problem."
The neighborhoods surrounding Eastlake -- the University District, South Lake Union, Capitol Hill and all of downtown Seattle -- are designated Alcohol Impact Areas. That means businesses there aren't allowed to sell certain beers and wines favored by the chronically drunk.
Moreover, those neighborhoods get extra police attention the drunks don't like, says the president of the Eastlake Community Council.
"And so since we have none of the protections of the Alcohol Impact Area," said Chris Leman. "The mayor's emphasis efforts through the police department have worsened the problem."
Now they are asking their neighbors to send photographic evidence of the problem to the city's "Find it, Fix it" app.
"Take a picture of it," Leman said. "Your cellphone will identify for the city the location. And then you just email it. That will help the city realize there's a problem."
Leman acknowledges the first step is getting stores to voluntarily stop selling the fortified alcohol. They say they are working on that.
They won't rest, they added, until they solve the problem.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has called President Obama's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick B. Garland, and explained that no action would be taken in the Senate on the nomination, Mr. McConnell's spokesperson said.
Mr. McConnell also informed Judge Garland that they would not be meeting in person at the Capitol.
“Rather than put Judge Garland through more unnecessary political routines orchestrated by the White House, the leader decided it would be more considerate of the nominee's time to speak with them today by phone,” Mr. McConnell's spokesperson, Don Stewart, said in a statement.
“The leader reiterated their position that the American people will have a voice in this vacancy and that the Senate will appropriately revisit the matter when it considers the qualifications of the person the next president nominates. And since the Senate will not be acting on this nomination, they would not be holding a perfunctory meeting, but they wished Judge Garland well.”
PENTICTON, B.C. — They liked him. They liked them a lot.
So they wanted to avoid tipping their hand. No easy thing in a world as small as hockey's.
To keep their degree of admiration hidden, they didn't approach the player — not even once — leading up to the 2011 National Hockey League draft. And they took secrecy one step further by not talking to the boy's junior coach, either.
Why? Because they knew that Peter Chiarelli, general manager of the Boston Bruins, had an ownership stake in the USHL's Dubuque Fighting Saints and, should they pick the brain of skipper Jim Montgomery, word of their interest could trickle back to Beantown.
But the Calgary Flames, with stealth, did their homework on Johnny Gaudreau.
Repeated viewings, of course. Also casual discussions with opposing coaches. These chats, by design, were kept lighthearted.
“Like, 'Hey, what about that Gaudreau kid?' But not showing we were interested,” says Tod Button, the Flames' director of amateur scouting. “More like: ‘That kid's so small, how come you guys can't stop him?' ”
Their fascination with Gaudreau, as far as they knew, was never exposed.
Now, season over, the Flames' bird-dogs still needed to sell the organization on the upside of a shrimpy left-winger.
The kid's marks — for skill, for smarts — matched anyone's in the top 10. At the Flames' pre-draft powwow, Gaudreau's high-end assets had been enthusiastically touted by Button and fellow scouts Rob Pulford and Duane Sutter.
“Everybody knew about Johnny . . . and the pitfalls of the size,” says Button. “Everyone was really excited when they heard how they played. I remember the buzz — ‘How can we do this? Are you sure we can get him?' And I said, ‘No, I'm not sure we can get him,' because they were a known commodity.”
But Button had a plan.
Presiding over that draft had been Jay Feaster, whose work-the-list mantra had been well-established. But Button convinced them to leave Gaudreau and Russian winger Nikita Kucherov as wild cards. In other words, don't include them in the team's in-house rankings of prospects.
“I said to Jay, ‘I'd like the latitude of not putting them on the list. Then when it's time to make the call, let me make the call,' ” recalls Button.
The Flames merrily made their second-round shouts — Markus Granlund, 45th; Tyler Wotherspoon, 57th — then groaned when the Tampa Bay Lightning nabbed Kucherov at No. 58.
“I turned to Jay and said, ‘We've got to take Johnny with the next pick,' ” recalls Button. “Jay said, ‘Go ahead. Take him.' ”
Unfortunately for the Calgarians, Darryl Sutter had already peddled their third-round choice to the Edmonton Oilers in the Steve Staios deal.
So Button perspired their way into the fourth round and got their man, 104th overall.
And the Bruins, as it turned out, did have an eye on Gaudreau.
John Weisbrod, perched at the Boston table that day in St. Paul, Minn., verified that interest in a March 2012 interview: “Calgary beat us to the punch. There were people banging their hands on the table, like, ‘Oh, we should have taken them a round earlier.' It's a calculated risk. The Flames got Gaudreau in a really good spot.”
The New Jersey native had been no mystery.
STRATFORD, N.J. (CBS) — Investigators say a man fatally shot their wife and then wounded themselves inside a hospital room in South Jersey Wednesday.
In addition, the Camden County Prosecutor's Office said the couple's son was later found fatally shot at their home.
The incident happened inside Kennedy University Hospital on E. Laurel Road in Stratford, New Jersey.
PHOTOS: Police Respond To Deadly Shooting At South Jersey Hospital
According to investigators, 63-year-old Raymond Wychowanec went to visit their wife, 62-year-old Denise Wychowanec, at about 9:25 a.m. in a second floor room at the hospital.
“We certainly don't do a thorough investigation of everyone who comes through the hospital. We don't scan them or wand them. That's not out protocol. We have to provide access to care. They were visiting their loved one,” Kennedy University Hospital President Joe Devine said.
Approximately 45 minutes later, hospital staff reported hearing gunshots. Investigators said Raymond shot their wife and then turned the gun on himself.
“Medical staff entered the room at which point in time Mr. Raymond then shot himself,” Capt. Ron Moten of the Camden County Prosecutor's Office said.
Denise Wychowanec died a short time later.
Neighbors say they had been suffering with chronic medical problems and was often confined to a wheelchair.
“She was in an accident years ago. It affected their neck and their back and plus other medical issues were starting to happen. I know the medical bills were piling up,” neighbor Cindy Ivins said.
Off camera another neighbor told CBS 3 the couple's son always kept to himself, and on at least one occasion their father said the two of them got into a physical altercation.
Raymond Wychowanec was air-lifted to Cooper University Hospital in Camden for treatment of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
“He was always friendly. Just a regular guy. It's hard to believe, very hard to believe,” neighbor Bob Ivins said.
Officials found the body of 35-year-old Ryan Wychowanec at the couple's home in Glendora, New Jersey later Wednesday afternoon.
A spokesperson for Penn Medicine says Ryan was an employee there for ten years. They released the following statement regarding the deadly shooting:
‘We were shocked to hear about the tragic and senseless death of Ryan Wychowanec, who was a dedicated and valued member of the Penn Medicine community for more than a decade. We offer our deepest condolences to those in the midst of this terrible tragedy.'
On their Facebook page Ryan Wychowanec said they worked as a resource technologist.
Their father was last listed in critical condition at Cooper University Hospital.
Investigators are testing to see if the gun used at the hospital is the same gun used in the shooting at the home.
CBS 3's Todd Quinones contributed to this report.
Must Read Today's Top Talkers:
Two Extraordinary Travellers
Alexander Selkirk - the Real Robinson Crusoe?
Frequently history is stranger than fiction and none more so than in the tale of Alexander Selkirk: the real-life Robinson Crusoe.
Born in 1676, the seventh son of a cobbler, Alexander Selkirk grew up in Lower Largo, Fife. At the age of 19 they found themselves in trouble with the Kirk Session after their brother's trick of making them drink seawater resulted in a family fight. Before their case was heard, Selkirk fled to sea hoping to make their fortune through privateering (effectively legalised piracy on the King's enemies) against Spanish vessels off the coast of South America. Within a few years their skill at navigation led to their appointment as Sailing Master on the ‘Cinque Ports', a sixteen gun, ninety ton privateer. The expedition was a disaster. The captain of the ship was a tyrant and after a few sea battles with the Spanish, Selkirk feared the ship would sink. So, in an attempt to save their own life they demanded to be put ashore on the next island they encountered. In September 1704, Selkirk was castaway on the uninhabited island of Más a Tierra (today known as Robinson Crusoe Island), over 400 miles off the West Coast of Chile. They took with them a little clothing, bedding, a musket and power, some tools, a Bible and tobacco.
At first Selkirk simply read their Bible awaiting rescue, but it soon became apparent that the rescue wasn't imminent. They resigned themselves to a long stay and began to make island life habitable with only rats, goats and cats for company in their lonely vigil. After several years of isolation, two ships drew into the island's bay. Selkirk rushed to the shore, realising a little late that they were Spanish. Their landing party fired, forcing them to flee for their life although they managed to evade capture and the Spaniards eventually departed.
Finally On 1st of February 1709, two British privateers dropped anchor offshore. Alexander lit their signal fire to alert the ships, who dispatched a rather astonished landing party to find a ‘wildman' dressed in goat skins. Remarkably the privateers' pilot was William Dampier, who had led the Selkirk's original expedition and was able to vouch for the ‘wildman'.
Selkirk had spent four years and four months of isolation on the island, yet seemed stable when they were found. The experience had, in fact, saved their lives. From William Dampier they learnt that they had been right to leave the ‘Cinque Ports', which had sunk off the coast of Peru with all of its crew drowned except the captain and another seven men, who had survived only to be captured and left to rot in a Peruvian jail.
Selkirk re-embarked on their career as a privateer and within a year they were master of the ship that rescued him. In 1712 they returned to Scotland £800 richer, and surprised their family as they worshipped at the Kirk in Largo. They had long given them up for dead and were astonished that they were alive, let alone alive in their fine, gold and lace clothes. In 1713 they published an account of their adventures which were fictionalised six years later by Daniel Defoe in their now famous novel: ‘Robinson Crusoe'.
Selkirk, however, could never really readjust to life on the land, and, in 1720, a year after they were immortalised by Defoe, they joined the Royal Navy only to die of fever off the coast of Africa.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Secret Service agents have apprehended a longtime stalker of Ivanka Trump just one block from Trump Tower in New York City.
Diagnosed schizophrenic Justin Massler was said to have been taken to hospital after they were caught on November 29.
In 2012, they confessed to bombarding Trump with tweets, emails and texts for two years.
A judge sentenced them to six months jail time and five years probation for aggravated harassment, TMZ reports.
(Image: FameFlynet)
Massler had fled a Nevada mental health facility late last month and was booked into a hotel just a block away from Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan, according to police.
Reports suggest the selection of the hotel may have been an accident after the booking was made by their brother.
The website said Ivanka once got a restraining order against Massler and would likely have alerted the Secret Service to them when their father entered the presidential race and received protection as a candidate.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
The arrest comes amid tensions in New York City over the huge security presence and cost of protecting the Trump family in New York City.
There has been speculation Ivanka may take on a First Lady-style role for their father in Washington D.C.
Donald Trump's wife, Melania, meanwhile, is reported to be staying in the Big Apple to look after their son Barron while they go to school in the city. TMZ
It's not the prettiest soup in the world, but this cauliflower soup was a surprise hit with my family.
Recently I wrote that most of the soups I make are one-pot meals. But after reading research that says people who begin a meal with a light vegetable soup consume fewer calories than those who don't, I started thinking about making more starter course soups. I had a cauliflower in the fridge and a meal that needed more vegetables in it, so I whipped up this creamy-tasting soup.
Frankly, I can't even remember what I served with this because the soup was the star of the meal. I had worried that E wouldn't like something so simple and basic–roasted cauliflower allowed to shine on its own without lots of seasonings–but they devoured it. I'd also been concerned that the truffle oil, which gives the soup a rich, woodsy taste, might not be to their liking, but obviously I was wrong. From now on, Roasted Cauliflower Soup will be on the menu regularly.
Print Recipe I used a Vitamix to get this silky smooth, but a regular blender might also work. Be careful not to burn yourself opening and pouring from the blender because the mixture can be super-heated. Ingredients 1 cauliflower (I used an orange one)
1 onion, cut into wedges
2 cloves garlic, peeled
4 cups fat-free vegetable broth
1 large potato, peeled and cubed
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
salt and pepper, to taste
4 drops truffle oil (optional, but good)
Smoked Spanish paprika, to garnish Instructions Preheat oven to 400. Cut the cauliflower into florets and place them into a large baking dish covered with parchment paper or silicone baking sheet. Lightly spray the top of the cauliflower with oil in a mister (you can skip the oil if you like, but watch carefully for burning). Bake for 20 minutes. Sprinkle the onion wedges and garlic on top of the cauliflower, spray lightly with olive oil, and return to the oven. Cook for 20-25 more minutes, stirring once halfway through. While the vegetables are roasting, heat the vegetable broth and add the chopped potato. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat. Cook covered on very low until cauliflower is ready. Add the cauliflower mixture to the broth. Puree it, in batches, in the blender until very smooth. Return it to the pot and add the nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer for 10 minutes. Just before serving, stir in a few drops of truffle oil, if desired. Ladle into bowls and serve, sprinkled with smoked Spanish paprika. Preparation time: 10 minute(s) | Cooking time: 50 minute(s) Number of servings (yield): 4 Makes 4 large servings. Per serving, without oil spray: 45 Calories (kcal); trace Total Fat; (5% calories from fat); 2g Protein; 10g Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 11mg Sodium; 2g Fiber.
Holler at Tinned Tomatoes and Lisa at Lisa's Kitchen are hosting a monthly blogging event called No Croutons Required. This month's theme is one that I can really get behind–vegetarian soup! I'm sending in this soup as my entry, which, now that I think about it, would taste great with croutons.
The Nintendo Wii U launches on November 18 with the support of 23 games. Nintendo stated previously that there would be 50 available before March 31, so, relatively so, the Wii U is launching with a strong amount of games including New Super Mario Bros U, Call of Duty: Black Ops II and, yes, Nintendo Land, the game Nintendo hopes will be the Wii Sports of its new console (it won't).
Nintendo revealed and demoed many of these titles at its E3 2012 press conference. Nintendo Land is a strange consortium of mini games and social elements. The company stated over and over again that the title is the Wii U's Wii Sports, but after seeing the presentation and playing some of the games on the show floor, we're not convinced it has the same magic.
Many of the titles below showcase the Wii U's novel touchscreen controller. By building in a secondary screen, the Wii U controller can act like a backpack in an RPG, gun sight in a FPS or a playbook for sports games.
The Wii U will come in two versions. The basic version will cost $299 and comes packing the Wii U controller and a console with 8GB storage. Or, buyers can opt for the $349 Deluxe Set, which includes 32GB of local storage, a Wii U controller charging cradle, Wii U console stand and a copy of Nintendo Land.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II
Skylanders Giants
Transformers Prime
Wipeout 3
Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two
FIFA Soccer 13
Tekken Tag Tournament 2
New Super Mario Bros. U
Ninja Gaiden: Razor's Edge
Nintendo Land
Sing Party
Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed
Warrios Orochi 3 Hyper
Darksiders II
Assassin's Creed III
ESPN Sports Connection
Just Dance 4
Rabbids Land
Your Shape: Fitness Evolved 2013
ZombiU
Scribblenauts Unlimited
Game Party Champions
Batman: Arkham City Armored Edition
Sometimes in cooking, a crispy, crunchy texture is a must. One of the most reliable ways to achieve this result is fry something. But we don't always want to a) eat something deep fried and b) have to deal with a pot full of frying oil afterward. The answer? Panko bread crumbs .
These Japanese bread crumbs have a jagged, coarse texture that allows them to crisp up as if they've been deep-fried, even if they've just been baked or toasted. They also stand up excellently to an actual deep-fry, if you're in the mood, like in the Japanese pork schnitzel dish tonkatsu. While panko makes an amazing breading for shrimp, pork and chicken, it also adds texture and depth to macaroni and cheese and gratins, and gives body to stuffed artichokes. We rounded up a few of our very favorite panko recipes for to try, but first, Alton Brown is going to tell you about the bizarre method by which these breadcrumbs are made -- they're electrocuted.
Baroni and Kelly plead not guilty in Bridgegate case
Two former Chris Christie allies pleaded not guilty Monday to charges over their alleged role in the Bridgegate scandal.
Bridget Anne Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, Christie's former top appointee to the Port Authority, were each indicted last Friday on nine counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, fraudulently obtaining and misapplying federal property, and deprivation of civil rights.
Story Continued Below
Both appeared in federal court Monday and pleaded not guilty to all of the charges. Bail for both of the accused was set for $150,000 and the trial's start date was set for July 7.
The indictment largely stemmed from the testimony of David Wildstein, another Port Authority employee and former ally of the New Jersey governor who pleaded guilty to two conspiracy counts as part of a bargain with prosecutors.
On Friday, both Kelly and Baroni's attorney separately called Wildstein a “liar” and denied their alleged roles in the scandal.
Kelly drew fire for an email they sent to Wildstein calling for “traffic problems in Fort Lee,” allegedly in response to the refusal of the town's mayor, Mark Sokolich, to endorse Christie in their reelection campaign. Baroni testified before the State Assembly later that year and asserted that the lane closures that backed-up traffic in Fort Lee were part of a “traffic study” — a narrative that prosecutors in the Wildstein case called a “cover story.”
Michael Critchley, attorney for Kelly, said in a news conference that an explanation for their email will be revealed at the trial. They attributed much of the criticism of Kelly to “sexism,” including the New Jersey governor's statement that they were “stupid” and a “liar.”
Baroni's attorney, Michael Baldassare, said that their client legitimately believed that the lane closures were necessary for a traffic study.
Wildstein is set to appear in court on Aug. 6 for sentencing, though U.S. Attorney for New Jersey Paul Fishman acknowledged that the date might be delayed until after the charges against Baroni and Kelly are resolved.
Debugging Hang On Ubuntu
In this post I will talk about a hang that we started noticing after enabling JIT for node-chakracore in Ubuntu. Before debugging for this hang, I had never worked on Ubuntu (forget about debugging) and the only knowledge I had was from what I learnt in Unix programming back in school. Here I will share my experience in debugging a bug on a new platform, how I approached this bug, what things I read to understand what is going on and finally how I solved it. During investigation I read about concepts that were later found to be unnecessary, however reading about it had added those concepts in my knowledge base which will definitely prove to be beneficial in future.
Problem
Recently our team ported node-chakracore on Ubuntu. We took our dependency on coreclr's platform abstraction layer for cross-platform effort. The cross-platform work was done in two phases. In first phase, chakracore's interpreter was ported to Ubuntu and in second phase its JIT was ported. After we enabled JIT for node-chakracore on Ubuntu platform, we started seeing hangs in unit test. The repro worked fine on Windows OS. The repro was very simple as shown below.
const spawn = require ( 'child_process' ). spawn ; const child = spawn ( 'sleep' , [ '5' ]); child . stdout . on ( 'data' , ( data ) => { console . log ( ` stdout : $ { data } ` ); }); child . stderr . on ( 'data' , ( data ) => { console . log ( ` stderr : $ { data } ` ); }); child . on ( 'close' , ( code ) => { console . log ( ` child process exited with code $ { code } ` ); }); console . log ( 'parent done' );
Parent process spawns a child process and waits for its exit. Once child process exits, parent process prints child process's exit code and the test terminates. With node-chakracore parent process was forever waiting for child process to exit even after child process terminates.
Background on Windows
Instead of directly heading out to debugging for the repro case, I wanted to understand how the underlying node.js code works. Being a Windows user and having a good hand in debugging on Windows, I started understanding how processes are spawned internally with nodejs . As most node.js users might know that node's backbone is based on top of libuv. It has two great features that makes it perfect to work with nodejs . First, it provides a platform abstraction layer for low level system APIs I/O, threading, processes, sockets, etc. such that developers of host (in this case nodejs ) don't have to worry about underlying targeted platform for these operations. For example, file open operation is abstracted out using uv_file_open() which calls Windows's CreateFileW() or Unix's open() API. Second and most important is it's I/O or event-based loop in a single threaded environment. The loop lets the user perform asynchronous i.e. non-blocking I/O operations and provide a way to fire appropriate callbacks using platform's polling mechanism when the I/O operations are complete.
I started reading about polling mechanism for Windows aka IOCP. Main thread creates a completion port for a file handle and starts an asynchronous operation on the file handle. The completion port is a way to tell Windows that after I/O operation for that file handle is complete, queue a completion packet for the corresponding port which will be consumed by the main thread. Alternatively, other threads of the process can also queue the completion packet on a particular completion port. Latter provides a way to do communication between threads in a process. When main thread completes its other task, it comes back and check if completion packet for a port has arrived or not. If not, either it can wait indefinitely or can check its status again after some time. If the completion packet has arrived, it means the I/O operation on the file handle was completed. At this point main thread can fire a callback to be executed after file operations. This is exactly how libuv uses IOCP . For example, fs.readFile(filePath, callback) API of nodejs would call libuv 's API to start an asynchronous read operation. libuv would then create an I/O completion port for file handle to read and as long as there are other events to service, event-loop will continue processing those request while periodically checking if I/O completion packet has arrived or not. Once the completion packet has arrived, it will fire a callback, which nodejs has hooked up to user's callback.
With this knowledge, I started debugging the flow on Windows to understand what happens when child process is started and how does it communicate to parent process that it has terminated. child_process.spawn() calls into uv_spawn() which starts a child process using RegisterWaitForSingleObject. Reading more about RegisterWaitForSingleObject on msdn it lets you set a callback that will get triggered when child process exits. In the exit callback, I/O completion packet is queued which is then received by the I/O loop of the main process. Once the completion packet is received it terminates because this was the only incomplete operation that parent process was waiting for.
At this point, I got fair understanding of how IOCP is used by libuv to make child to parent process communication possible in nodejs repro case on Windows. It was now time to carry this knowledge on Ubuntu.
Debugging on Ubuntu
I started on Ubuntu by reading man-pages for epoll_wait ( epoll_wait on Ubuntu is similar to IOCP on Windows) and added some tracing around libuv 's call to epoll_wait to see how many IO completion request are received ( nfsd value) in the loop. I had another repository of node-chakracore that didn't have newly added JIT support changes and hence it didn't hang on the repro. Henceforth I will call it good repo. I used this repo as my baseline. Whatever tracing I added to my buggy repo, I added it in good repo. On good repo, I noticed that nfsd value was always one greater than that of buggy repo. What does it mean? After more code reading around libuv code it was clear that while buggy repo was waiting forever for one I/O completion packet to arrive, good repo waits momentarily until child process exits after which it receives all I/O completion packets and it exits. No doubt the pending completion packet is related to some kind of communication from child process that is not reaching parent process.
I did some more research on fork() syscall and read about how child process uses SIGCHLD signal to communicate its exit status to parent process. It could be that parent process is not receiving SIGCHLD from child process, hence the hang. But how could I confirm if that is really the case? How can I check the state of signals for a process at given time? Little more search on internet landed me on excellent article that explains how to use proc/<pid>/status to view the state of signals for a given process. For my repro, I noted the SIGCHLD is in SigBlk (blocked signal) and ShdPnd (process-wide shared pending signal) state. This was making some sense now. Basically child process did terminate and it sent SIGCHLD signal that parent process was expecting to receive. However that signal in the parent process was in pending/blocked state which means the signal was not yet received by the parent process, thus leading to indefinitely waiting and causing hang. Just to confirm this is the case, I used gdb's signal level breakpoints to tell gdb what action to take when particular signal is received by the process. I ran good and buggy repo with gdb and found that parent process of good repo receives SIGCHLD at one point and that of buggy repo never receives SIGCHLD signal.
Next task was to understand why SIGCHLD signal was going to block state on the buggy repo. Found gnu's Blocking Signals documentation which answered most of the questions. For those who are not aware, it talks about system APIs that lets process decide action (like block or unblock) that should be taken when particular signal(s) are received by the process. For example, if the program wants that it shouldn't get interrupted when it is performing critical task, it can block all the signals before the task and unblock them after the task. bash block some or all signals ... perform critical task ... unblock some or all signals Every process has an associated signal mask (bitmap in which every bit corresponds to signal number as explained in article). Ther are system APIs like sigprocmask(int action, sigset *newSigmask, sigset *oldSigmask) ( pthread_sigmask() API for multi-threaded programs) that lets program specify action to be taken when signals that are ON in the newSigmask are received. The API also lets user save current sigmask in oldSigmask so it can be later use it to undo the changes.
At this point, I knew that I need to put breakpoint at sigmask() and pthread_sigmask() and inspect the value of action/sigmask that is passed to these APIs. I can do similar tracing in good repro and by mere comparison in traces, I should be able to pin-point, why buggy repro is blocking SIGCHLD signal that good repro is not. After running good and bad repro example in their own gdb session, I found out that after sometime, there was an extra call to pthread_sigmask() in buggy repo and inspecting the values of action/sigmask, it was for blocking SIGCHILD call. Looking at the call stack, it was coming from pal library's CThreadSuspensionInfo::InitializePreCreate . This function was blocking all the signals and was never resetting it back. We started taking dependency on InitializePreCreate() for creating job queue as part of our effort to enable JIT. That was it! Mystery solved.
I thought of opening an issue on dotnet/coreclr, but realized that this was issue was already fixed in dotnet/coreclr#4863. So I just had to cherry-pick these changes in chakracore and that would stop node-chakracore from hanging in simple repro case.
If you have reached this point, I am very grateful that you read this far. I hope this post will give you insights on how you can debug through complex and weird bugs on completely new platform.
Feel free to send comments/questions/feedback.
Cooperatives in Puerto Rico Need Help
DONATE
The extent of the destruction in Puerto Rico caused by Hurricane Maria is heartbreaking.
Mildred Santiago, President of the Cooperative League of Puerto Rico reports that the situation is dire, "There are lines for food, gas, ice, and for taking out cash. The landscape is devastated and the mood is falling every day."
Even after the immediate needs for food, water, shelter, power and medical aid have been met, cooperative businesses on the Island will need to rebuild. Puerto Rico's vibrant and vital cooperative movement is significantly impacted by the storm's damage. In one village, flooded with seven feet of water, the local credit union is in desperate need of a generator so that the large rural population it serves can access their cash. Cooperatives also report a need for basic items like batteries, lanterns, canned food and bottled water.
Help us help hurricane-damaged cooperatives in Puerto Rico get back in operation with a donation to the CDF Disaster Recovery Fund.
Concern for Community
Hurricanes Harvey and Irma have upended the lives of hundreds of thousands of residents across Texas, Louisiana and Florida. The cooperative community has responded quickly and generously to the crisis. Now CDF is asking that you consider making a donation to help co-ops in Puerto Rico recover as well.
CDF will coordinate with local organizations on the island to get assistance to cooperatives in need. 100% of the donations to the CDF Cooperative Disaster Recovery Fund go to disaster recovery. CDF does not use disaster recovery funds to pay for any of its operating expenses or fund administrative costs.
Help our co-op colleagues in Puerto Rico with a donation to CDF's Disaster Recovery Fund. Donate here.
If you prefer to write a check, you can send your donation to CDF at 1775 Eye St NW, 8th Floor, Washington, DC 20006; please note that your donation is for Hurricane Disaster Recovery.
Donations to CDF may be tax-deductible and donors of $25 or more will receive a letter of acknowledgement which can be used for tax records.
Donate
Go to the GEO front page
By: Mike Givens/TRT Assistant Editor—
Boston Medical Center recently released the results of a study quantifying the number of transgender patients opting for gender affirmation surgery (GAS) between 2004 and 2015.
GAS procedures can range from “top” surgeries—breast reduction or bindings, breast enhancements, etc.— to “bottom” surgeries—male-to-female or female-to-male genital reconstruction—and also facial feminization and several other medical interventions. Just last year, Boston Medical Center opened the Center for Transgender Medicine and Surgery, a near-comprehensive program that provides most gender affirmation procedures except for female-to-male genital reconstruction.
“The purpose of the study was to set a baseline for surgeries done among a defined group of transgender individuals,” said Dr. Joshua Safer, the medical director of the Center, noting that the study was the first of its kind in the nation. “In this case, all were patients in the Endocrinology Clinic at Boston Medical Center … meaning that they were transgender individuals who had chosen to have a transgender medical intervention at least in the form of hormone therapy.”
The findings
According to Safer, 71 trans women and 28 trans men who were seeking care at the clinic agreed to have their medical charts reviewed dating from as far back as 2004 to January 2015. In June of 2014, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick announced changes in statewide health insurance policies to ensure that transgender people receive comprehensive coverage for gender affirmation medical services.
The study found that only 35 percent of patients chose to pursue any form of GAS. Of that number, only 15 percent chose genital reconstruction surgery. It also found that trans men were twice as likely as trans women to opt for surgical procedures. Trans men typically opted for chest surgery more so than genital reconstruction, according to the report. Trans women were less likely to pursue genital surgery and often opted for facial feminization or top surgery.
“Trans men seem to overwhelmingly be interested in chest reconstruction surgery … “ Safer said. “The surgery is more modestly priced than other gender affirming surgeries. It is also available and considered very effective by trans men who then can feel comfortable removing their shirts or at least walking around with clothes on confident that there is no feminine appearing breast tissue.”
Safer noted that the three typical surgeries for trans women—top surgery, facial feminization, and vaginoplasty—can be expensive, are less available, and also less reliable compared to surgical procedures for trans men.
The response
Johanna, a trans woman who wanted to speak on the condition of anonymity said that, in their opinion, the percentages are low for several reasons.
“Trans people tend to be poor and have little resources,” they said, noting that she's had their testicles removed and genital reconstruction surgery. “Without insurance coverage, there was basically no way to pay for transition.
“Between electrolysis, facial surgery, top surgery, bottom surgery, [and other procedures] there is just simply no way most of us can afford to have [without it being] covered by insurance. Not to mention the fact that trans people are discriminated against in the workplace, in the doctor's office, and even when we attempt to get therapy.”
Ray Bernoff, a trans man, echoed Johanna's opinion, but also stressed more global concerns about the effectiveness of GAS procedures.
“Some trans people don't pursue surgery because it's not for them and they don't feel strongly enough about that part or parts of their body to want to make a permanent change, because there are too many risks in comparison to the benefits for them …” they said, noting that he's had top surgery.
Safer said that the Center at BMC currently doesn't offer female-to-male genital surgeries because of the high risk attached to them.
“Genital surgeries for trans men are more difficult and carry much higher risks of complications,” they said, but also stated that BMC is “actively exploring” the possibility of providing the procedures. “Therefore that is the last major category of medical intervention for us.”
Jaime Matheny, a trans woman from Newton, is currently considering facial feminization and GAS procedures.
“It's a big step. And even though insurance companies cover it … even the the best insurance companies don't cover all of it … It's still expensive, it's permanent … ”
Michelle Hirsch, a trans woman considering GAS, said the low percentage of participants opting for bottom surgery makes sense.
“Looking beyond the absolute numbers, it certainly seems reasonable that lots of people haven't had surgery and that even fewer elect to have bottom surgery,” they said. “While bottom surgery is critical for many transgender people, it typically requires the most difficult, expensive, and time-consuming procedures.”
Hirsch also noted that standards of care typically require that a trans person live in their true identity for an extended period of time before receiving authorization to pursue surgery and that bottom surgery may not be high on the priority list for many trans people.
“Bottom surgery has a smaller impact on social aspects of transition, since most people with whom we interact won't be aware of our bottom surgery status,” they said. “As we prioritize and stage procedures for our transitions, bottom surgery can feel like one that can wait the longest.”
Where we are today
“I believe that, over time, the percentages will change,” Johanna said. “The more genital surgery is available, safe, covered by insurance and accessible, the more trans people will feel empowered to be themselves and will take the necessary steps.”
Dr. Safer agreed, but with the caveat that they don't feel that genital reconstruction surgery will be the primary medical intervention for most patients.
“Were the study conducted today, I think that modestly more trans men would have had their chest reconstruction surgery, but that most trans men would still avoid genital surgery,” Dr. Safer of BMC said. “For trans women, I think that in 2017 we would be seeing the beginning of an increase among those having genital reconstruction surgery due to insurance coverage and ease of access to Boston Medical Center's program. However, I think that many trans women would still prioritize facial feminization surgery and breast augmentation surgery over genital surgery.”
Matheny said that years ago, trans people were pressured to fit into a binary identity and now more people are learning to accept themselves as they are, for who they are, without the need for medical procedures or a rigid gender binary.
“I think a big part of it is that people who were not willing to identify as trans in any way shape or form would be willing to do as such,” they said. “I can't say it's becoming more accepted, but there's a lot more movement behind it. People are coming out of the woodwork, as it were.
“I think so many more people are just loving themselves as trans …”
Hirsch said that practical considerations will still take precedent in decisions around pursuing GAS.
“We are finding it very difficult to get insurance companies to cover the procedures we need from the specialists with the experience to perform them safely and effectively,” they said. “Insurance still has a big blind spot regarding the procedures [that] need to be covered. My insurance company … still considers all procedures related to hair to be cosmetic, including hair removal through laser or electrolysis and hair regrowth through transplants.
Similarly, they don't cover scalp prosthesis for gender [dysphoria]. It's pretty crazy—[my insurance] will help a trans woman get breasts, a vagina, and a well-sculpted face, but they will still have a beard, a hairy chest and back, and be bald. This is not a recipe for a successful transition for the person who needs or desires to present within the gender binary.”
Though controversy still surrounds transgender identities and GAS, Matheny contends that trans people are no different than anyone else when it comes to identity:
“Trans people just want to be left alone. We just want to feel comfortable in our bodies, like everyone else.”
WASHINGTON -- Virginia Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine are pushing the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for an update on a local pilot program designed to improve the quality and accessibility of health care for our nation's veterans.
Both Senators express continued concern about long wait times for veterans seeking health care, and pressed the Secretary for an update on the implementation of the National Capital Region Veteran Centered Care in the Community Pilot Project.
The project would operate in the D.C. area and surrounding suburbs. It's purpose is to integrate veterans' health records and make them available electronically via mobile app, with the goal of designing a model for portable, personalized VA health care.
“The purpose of this pilot project is to provide greater value to the veteran by improving access to their electronic health data, giving veterans access to the best available chronic care management, and improving personalized care options. This program is intended to provide a prototype for expanding the Veterans Choice program across the nation, using an academic/public/private partnership model. Patient-centered care is a critical component of a high-performing, high-quality health care system,” the Senators wrote in a letter to VA Secretary Robert A. McDonald.
Sign up for the daily In the NOW Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the afternoon. Thank you for signing up for the NOW Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
In response to the nationwide crisis of veterans' access to care, Congress established the Veterans Choice program, allowing veterans who live 40 miles away from the closesy VA facility or who face a significant delay in scheduling an appointment, to access non-VA care.
Despite this $10 billion dollar investment in veterans' health, wait times have not substantially improved.
The pilot project would address challenged that have plagued the Veterans Choice program by allowing the free flow of health information between providers and patients in care settings.
The full letter to VA Secretary McDonald is below:
Dear Secretary McDonald,
In order to address recent critical issues with data and health care accessibility for our nation's Veterans, Congress worked with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to pass the Veterans Choice Act. The intent of the legislation, which we supported, was to shorten wait times and address efficiency issues by enabling Veterans to access non-VA physicians if they are more than 40 miles away from a VA facility or if they are going to have to wait longer than 30 days for a VA provider to see them.
Despite the intentions of the Veterans Choice program, wait times have not substantially improved. In February 2015, we, along with 38 of our Senate colleagues, wrote to you to highlight our concerns with the implementation of the program. Since then, there are still lengthy delays in approving care for veterans and in getting reimbursed for providing care. Indeed, some health care networks have stopped taking patients within the Veterans Choice program altogether.
To that end, we write to request an update on the implementation of the National Capital Region Veteran Centered Care in the Community Pilot Project. The purpose of this pilot project is to provide greater value to the veteran by improving access to their electronic health data, giving veterans access to the best available chronic care management, and improving personalized care options. This program is intended to provide a prototype for expanding the Veterans Choice program across the nation, using an academic/public/private partnership model.
Patient¬ centered care is a critical component of a high-performing, high-¬quality health care system. Expansion of health information technology and consumer E-health tools have created new opportunities for individuals to participate actively in monitoring and directing their health and health care. Patient¬ generated data offers yet another engagement and analytical tool if the data can be integrated in a meaningful way into the electronic health record and presented to providers in an actionable, distilled format that supports clinical decision making.
One of the biggest challenges to successful, comprehensive data integration and analytics may be the disparate, inaccessible silos of patient information across a variety of providers and health systems. This lack of interoperability with community providers negatively impacts access and quality of care. Limits to the free flow of veterans' healthcare information across providers and care settings create a barrier to a comprehensive, holistic patient record and to the mobility of Veterans' data, which is a fundamental component of choice. The National Capital Region Veteran Centered Care in the Community Pilot Project intends to address these challenges by providing a platform based approach to full spectrum personalized care for veterans through interoperability with community partners.
Once again, we would like to request further information regarding the allocation of the already approved funding to assign the required project managers and advance the implementation of the National Capital Region Veteran Centered Care in the Community Pilot Project. We appreciate your attention to this important matter, as well as your advocacy on behalf of our nation's veterans.
Sincerely,
Mark R. Warner
U.S. Senator
Tim Kaine
U.S. Senator
Chico, CA – Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. is sending a flavorful request instead of a formal one, today shipping to distributors a West Coast Double IPA in 24-ounce bottles that invites beer drinkers to attend Beer Camp Across America. An unprecedented seven-city traveling beer festival, Beer Camp Across America will feature more than 700 total breweries; each brewery will pour their beers at the festival closest to them. The West Coast Double IPA includes a message that calls drinkers to the bounty of beer that will be at each tour stop:
Sat, July 19: Northwest Edition at Sierra Nevada Hop Field in Chico, CA, 12-5 p.m.
Sun, July 20: Southwest Edition at Embarcadero North in San Diego, CA, 1-6 p.m.
Fri, July 25: Rocky Mountain Edition at Civic Center Park in Denver, CO, 5-10 p.m.
Sun, July 27: Midwest Edition at Navy Pier in Chicago, IL, 12-5 p.m.
Fri, August 1: New England Edition at Thompson's Point in Portland, ME, 5-10 p.m.
Sat, August 2: Mid-Atlantic Edition at Penn Treaty Park in Philadelphia, PA, 12-5 p.m.
Sun, August 3: Southeast Edition in Mills River, NC, 1-6 p.m.
“There will be a huge selection of great beers in every city we visit this summer, and we thought beer lovers would appreciate a glimpse of the fun to come with our own hopped-up invitation,” said Ken Grossman, founder of Sierra Nevada. “This is an IPA that's West Coast in style, which is fitting since the whole pilgrimage kicks off here in California in just a few weeks.”
Heading to most states in limited quantities, the Beer Camp Across America West Coast Double IPA clocks in at 8.5% ABV and features five hop varieties, two of which went into Sierra Nevada's “Hop Torpedo” dry-hopping device and impart hints of grapefruit and a floral note that recalls orange blossom. A light malt body and dry finish complement the bold hop profile.
Tickets for the seven Beer Camp Across America festivals are on sale at www.SierraNevada.com/BeerCamp. General admission is $65, which includes a commemorative tasting glass and unlimited tastings where possible as well as live music from the provocative Oregon-based MarchFourth Marching Band. Local food trucks will be on hand with their tasty wares for purchase. To see a video about Beer Camp Across America, visit YouTube.com/SierraNevadaBrewing.
www.sierranevada.com – @SierraNevada – facebook
Barack Obama will be the U.S. president for eight more days. But he's decided something that will have lasting ramifications for Miami and South Florida: the end of the long-standing and controversial "wet foot, dry foot" Cuban immigration policy, which granted residency to Cuban immigrants who entered the United States without visas, according to a statement from the White House. The rule change was first reported by the the Associated Press.
"Today, the United States is taking important steps forward to normalize relations with Cuba and to bring greater consistency to our immigration policy," President Obama said in a news release. "The Department of Homeland Security is ending the so-called wet-foot/dry foot policy, which was put in place more than 20 years ago and was designed for a different era."
Effective immediately, Cuban nationals "will be subject to removal, consistent with U.S. law and enforcement priorities," the president said. Cuban migrants who have already begun the process of applying for legal residency through the program will be allowed to continue.
Obama also said the Castro government has agreed to accept deported Cubans "just as it has been accepting the return of migrants interdicted at sea."
Bernie Sanders campaigned at a South Dakota Indian reservation today, stressing their goal “to develop a new relationship with the Native American people.”
“As I have said all over this country, the United States has learned the enormous amount it owes the Native American people — a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid.”
One of the most important lessons that Americans have learned from Native Americans, Sanders said, is that “all of us are part of nature,” stressing the need to address climate change.
null
null
“Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and it is already causing serious problems in our country, and throughout the world,” Sanders said.
Local residents agreed with Sanders' message.
“We are honored that Bernie Sanders is taking the time to come to the Oglala Lakota Nation to hear our issues involving treaties, health care, and housing,” Tom Poor Bear, Vice President of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of Pine Ridge said to Indian Country Today Media Network.
“I think that Bernie is a great candidate for Indian Country,” said Ernest Weston, Jr., of Porcupine, South Dakota.
Related Inquisitr Stories
Bernie Sanders Should Run Third Party, Tweets Donald Trump
Jon Stewart: Hillary Clinton Has No Convictions — ‘I'm Not Even Sure What They Are'
Donald Trump: Tax Returns Aren't Important To Voters, Won't Release Them — But What's The Real Reason?
The network noted that the Sanders campaign had spoken extensively with Poor Bear and other Native American leaders prior to the rally, and plan on meeting with Sanders afterward.
Sanders took plenty of time to answer questions from attendees, especially young people. At least two of them asked about their stated goal of free college tuition.
Bernie Sanders has lots of support from students.
[Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] “If I were to tell you point blank that if you did well in school, if you studied hard, I would guarantee that you would go to a public college or university,” Sanders said, addressing a high school student. “Would that make a difference in your life?”
“Yeah,” they answered. “It would probably make me strive for the best that I can be. But sometimes there's no motivation. There's no hope.”
They were also asked about healthcare. A reservation leader gave a long list of healthcare problems that Native Americans are facing, including low quality.
“Your voice will get around the country today,” Sanders responded to cheers. “And one of the issues that I feel very strongly about…is that promises were made, treaties were signed, and they were not kept. If elected president, we will keep those promises.”
null
Afterwards, Sanders was scheduled to hold a rally in Rapid City, the second most populated city in South Dakota and the one closest to Mount Rushmore, according to a press release from the South Dakota Democratic Party.
Even though South Dakota does not hold its primary until June 7, Senator Sanders is not taking any chances. According to Real Clear Politics, no recent polls have been taken in the state, which has 20 delegates at stake. Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton currently leads Sanders in the delegate count, 1,716 to 1,433, as per the Real Clear Politics count. This does not include any pledged superdelegates, as they are not awarded until the convention this summer.
What do you think? Can Bernie Sanders catch Hillary Clinton in the delegate count? Do they have a real chance to be the Democratic nominee? Let us know what you think in the comments section below.
[Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images]
In chaotic scenes, police were forced to detain dozens of women who were wearing masks, which depicted the face of the Front National leader and US President Donald Trump near the polling station in Hénin-Beaumont. The chaos erupted after the women jumped out of a limo just before Marine Le Pen voted at the polling station in north-western France. This is not the first time the female activist group has protested against the eurosceptic leader, who is expected to reach the final round of the French election 2017. FRENCH ELECTION 2017 LIVE
GETTY Marine le pen protestor is restrained by police
GETTY Femen protestors campaign against Marine Le Pen
The women are protesting on behalf of feminist activist group Femen, who recently said on Facebook: “Nothing in Marine Le Pen's programme promotes the emancipation of women. No proposal is made to further the equality of the sexes." Femen have also laid into Ms Le Pen for their refusal to wear a headscarf to meet Lebanon's top Sunni Muslim cleric was no more than a “media stunt”. French police made several arrests, according to local reports. It comes after two polling stations were evacuated and a shotgun discovered at the scene as France casts its ballots in one of the the most unpredictable elections in living memory.
Topless protester blasts Marine Le Pen Fri, February 24, 2017 A topless protester burst into a hall where French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen was delivering a foreign policy speech chanting 'Marine, pretend feminist' Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 9 Marine Le Pen gestures after a press conference focused on the theme 'France's international policy in a multipolar world'
GETTY A Femen protestor is arrested
If you love apples and cinnamon….This one's for you! So deliciously appleish and just the right amount of cinnamon. Moist, and just sweet enough. Perfect for breakfast or a snack. Packed with nutrient and fiber rich ingredients like apples, coconut flour, coconut oil, cinnamon and sunflower seeds. Did you know that cinnamon AND apples are both great for digestion, high in antioxidants, immune boosting and help regulate blood sugar? Coconut oil is also great for energy, fat burning, and contains Lauric Acid that kills bacteria, viruses, fungi and helps stave off infections. Studies show that the healthiest people groups in the world eat 60% coconut in their diets! If you are among those that don't care for the taste of coconut, like my middle daughter, you won't believe how good these biscuits taste. My daughter loves them, in spite of their coconut contents. So go ahead and give them a try. Let me know how you like them!
Nowadays, most notebooks, smartphones, tablets, and other gadgets like wearables have waved goodbye to the user replaceable battery, and more often than not replacing it anyway means voiding your warranty. Digital cameras sometimes even require special tools to open the cases and once inside you'll realize the battery is cemented in place. If you want to avoid the quite hefty manufacturer and third party service fees the right charging and storage techniques could help to improve your battery's life expectancy as well as to reduce its inherent capacitance loss.
Unfortunately, the internet is abounded with rumors dating back to the days of nickel-metal hydride (NiMH) or even the much older and mostly extinct nickel-cadmium cells (which happen to be not only harmful to the environment but also to your health). Following advice derived from these rumors will frequently have the exact opposite effect on lithium-ion batteries.
Since lithium-polymer batteries are only a subspecies of lithium-ion batteries the following statements apply to these batteries as well. The main difference between lithium-ion and lithium-polymer batteries is their prospective form – the latter can be formed into many shapes, for example curved cylinders.
Following thorough excavations in the Turkish northwestern province of Bursa, archeologists have come across 2,300-year-old dungeons used for execution and torturing purposes during the Bithynia kingdom era.
The execution methods revealed to be horrific, as archeologists discovered that the dungeons contain a “bloody well,” and a “torture chamber."
“Hangmen, who were deaf and mute, cut off the heads of prisoners here in the bloody well. While the head of the body was falling into the well, the body part was given to their relatives or left to the stream,” the Turkish Hurriyet Daily News quoted Ibrahim Yilmaz, a member of Uludag University Faculty of Science and Literature History of Art Department, as saying.
Restoration of the Bursa city walls has been ongoing since the Bursa Municipality implemented a project to reveal the centuries old infrastructure.
“There are also rumors that hangmen were selling dead bodies to families for a price. We discovered all of these things, proposed a project and it was approved. We will start construction here in the coming days,” Yilmaz explained.
Yilmaz, who is also part of the excavation team, said a large portion of the 3,400-meter-long walls as well as other locations surrounding those walls have already been revealed.
Dungeons were also discovered in the last part of the walls, specifically in the Zindan Kapi in Alacahirka neighborhood, Yilmaz said.
“Over these dungeons were houses were people were living. Considering that there were dungeons or dungeon remains might be there, we expropriated these buildings. After the houses were demolished, scientific excavations revealed remains of Bursa dungeons,” they added.
They also revealed that all spatial features of dungeons in the era of the Bythynia Kingdom could be seen in those dungeons. They said the Bursa dungeons were the underground structures named “stucco” and were connected to towers.
Yilmaz also said the dungeons will finally come to light after 2,300 years as they will be displayed in an open-air museum.
“Torture tools used in the past and places used for torturing will be displayed. We plan to display their mockups in two years,” Yilmaz said.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 January 2014 KSA 20:09 - GMT 17:09
Chael Sonnen is certainly no stranger to the legal process.
The former UFC contender is serving a two-year suspension for testing positive for banned substances, but argues now former light heavyweight champion Jon Jones shouldn't face similar consequences.
Jones was suspended by the UFC and stripped of their title this week following their alleged involvement in a hit and run auto accident April 26 in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
"Listen, if you want to come down on a guy, you release him," Sonnen said this week on their podcast. "That's it. You don't keep them but take their belt away. Not even in professional wrestling would they do that. Take a guy's belt without them being out due to an injury? Without them losing one, two, three? It doesn't work that way.
"So lets just make believe that it does. You're going to punish Jon Jones for a legal action in Albuquerque, which has nothing to do with a fist fight taking place in Nevada, but let's pretend. What the hell do you do with them then? Do they not fight main events anymore? If he's not fighting for titles do we move them over to [Fox Sports 1]? Who do they fight? Do they fight the other No. 1 contenders?"
Anthony Johnson was due to challenge Jones May 23 in the main event at UFC 187 in Las Vegas. With former contender Daniel Cormier stepping in on short notice, 'Rumble' loses out on being the man who beat the man.
"Guys want to see Jon Jones stripped and then they want to fight for a title?" asked Sonnen. "But you don't cut them so he's still in the league. You know they can beat you. You know he's the undefeated champion. You know he's the best fighter out there. How are you going to put that belt around your waist and feel good about it? They didn't fail a drug test. They aren't in violation with the commission.
"If Jon Jones stays in the division and you accept a title while he's still in the division and you didn't beat him, you're a punk. You're a punk! I would never put a belt around my waist knowing the guy five feet away from me is the true owner of it."
Jones faces a felony charge of leaving the scene of a crime and could face jail time if convicted.
"I would never defend what Jon did, however, we do have bodies to take care of those things," said Sonnen. "They're called 'the police.' It sounds like Jon has an issue with the police, which will be escalated to the [District Attorney's] office, but it needs to stay there in Albuquerque. I'm not sure how that would affect a state agency out in Nevada."
According to Sonnen, it should be up to the authorities to police athletes, not the UFC.
"The UFC shouldn't be put in this spot," said Sonnen. "If the commission says, 'We're fine with the fight' then the UFC should hold the fight. It doesn't need to be this big [public relations] battle with people pushing back. We're running a fight business. We're not running a church, here. If the commission, a government agency, says, 'Green-light it' then hold the damn fight. Quit trying to hold the UFC responsible for everything."
5 MUST-READ STORIES
The MMA Beat. The panel discusses all things Jon Jones: from their arrest, to getting stripped of the belt, to losing sponsors.
Champ to champ. UFC heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez says Jon Jones needs to 'fix' what's wrong in their life.
Out. John Makdessi will now face Donald Cerrone at UFC 187 with Khabib Nurmagomedov set to undergo surgery Friday.
Oh, AKA. Javier Mendez calls Khabib Nurmagomedov's injury a 'freak accident.'
'Excited to be starting over.' WSOF has released UFC veteran Melvin Guillard.
MEDIA STEW
New UFC 187 promo.
Donald Cerrone keeps truckin'.
More Sonnen on Jones.
Pancrase, PRIDE, IFL and UFC vet Allan Goes calls out Renzo Gracie.
Bob Sapp threatening to have another fight with Hong Man Choi.
TTTHS.
Long watches.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao: Final Predictions
...
BAMMA 20 - Access All Areas
...
THE MMA ROAD SHOW WITH JOHN MORGAN - EPISODE 5 - LAS VEGAS
...
TWEETS
Clearing that up.
Jus so you all know I dnt wish injury on anyone!!! pic.twitter.com/yJG8iiGm2s — Anthony Pettis (@Showtimepettis) April 30, 2015
Congrats.
I want to thank the @ufc and @Cowboycerrone for this great opportunity. This will be an exciting fight for the fans #ufc187 — JohnTheBull Makdessi (@JohnMakdessiMMA) April 30, 2015
Confident.
My hands will be raised and my soldiers will be with me on May 23 #RumbleSquad http://t.co/olpZJy9qdC — Anthony Johnson (@Anthony_Rumble) April 30, 2015
Cool.
Going to start training the Falcons on Monday, some MMA/toughness drills as they look to help me w/ @HireHeroesUSA in our HQ Atlanta — Brian Stann (@BrianStann) May 1, 2015
Had the honors of speaking at my sons class making sure the kids stay in school and follow there... https://t.co/hGqkhrw4Wb — Willie Gates (@WhOopassWilliE) April 30, 2015
Get well soon.
Seen the doc today says I'm 7/8 weeks away from getting cleared to train full go. The bone is looking excellent pic.twitter.com/zOy5HIWOxP — Diego Sanchez UFC (@DiegoSanchezUFC) May 1, 2015
Happy birthday to the one and only Hazardous Hal. Love you Pops! Apple doesn't fall to far from the... https://t.co/kwBH2CtcxX — TJ Dillashaw (@TJDillashaw) May 1, 2015
Beef.
Not crazy about your tone, Tito. https://t.co/VPFXcYT8bE — Chael Sonnen (@sonnench) May 1, 2015
Earl work is one way, easy opponents is another. https://t.co/1Ra4YZbqAB — Chael Sonnen (@sonnench) May 1, 2015
This Week in Struggle.
You guys should be proud of me... I got in a car accident last night and didn't even run away. — Ian McCall (@Unclecreepymma) April 30, 2015
Out here with officer Siv #stocktonpd #stockton even with several obstacles thrown in my way still... https://t.co/xk1MCeW3LU — nick diaz (@nickdiaz209) April 28, 2015
The Internet: I want Jones stripped of their belt cuz I'm jealous & never had a ufc belt. Oh and I suck at commentating. — Kenny Florian (@kennyflorian) April 28, 2015
My jaw is wired shut. That's why I'm on a liquid diet :/ — Cub Swanson (@CubSwanson) April 29, 2015
If I had half the money that sponsors owe me, I would be watching these fights from my new pool! https://t.co/luYInNGtO9 — Kit Cope (@KitCope) April 26, 2015
Didn't mean to gain 5 pounds of muscle now this weight cut going to be harder. #Cutting20 — THE BLACK BEAST (@Thebeast_ufc) April 26, 2015
"@adamgriffin20: @Cowboycerrone so do you have any injuries going into the fight ?" Ya my bank account hurts — Cowboy Cerrone (@Cowboycerrone) April 28, 2015
Waiting by my phone as I do every year for the #NFLDraft. I really hope these teams know I'm ready to step in at any moment. — Michael Chandler (@MikeChandlerMMA) May 1, 2015
I wish as many people retweeted my fundraiser for the kids as retweeted me saying I didn't get drug tested.... — David Michaud (@bulldawgUFC) April 28, 2015
You wouldn't believe the shit I had to put up with this past weekend! I'm counting this as a... https://t.co/zQb1nAZGTc — Yves Edwards (@thugjitsumaster) April 29, 2015
STOP AUTOCORRECTING ME, EXCEL, YOU PIECE OF TROLL DUNG!!! — Julie Kedzie (@julesk_fighter) April 29, 2015
I'm finally making peace with the fact that I'll be better known for *not* being @Jonnybones than anything I will ever actually do. — Jon Jones (@jonjones) April 29, 2015
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Announced yesterday (April 30 2015)
Khabib Nurmagomedov out, Donald Cerrone vs. John Makdessi at UFC 187
Tom Lawlor vs. Gian Villante at UFC on FOX 16
FANPOST OF THE DAY
Today's Fanpost of the Day comes via tigerlee.
The Outsiders: Top 25 LHWs Outside UFC, BMMA, and WSOF - April Edition
While most of the best talent is under the UFC banner and Bellator and WSOF have seemed scooped up the rest, there is still plenty of talent yet to be signed by the top promotions of the MMA food chain. These are not necessarily 'free agents' or even prospects, they are top 100 ranked fighters who are navigating the nebulous seas of regional and international fight promotion for whatever reason. Most of the top half of the light heavyweight rankings stayed the same as the February edition with very minor re-shuffling. Dongi Yang made a surprise comeback with a first round TKO win over Dennis Hallman in South Korea. Although a great win, The Ox is probably better suited at 185 than 205. Kelvin Tiller surged back into the rankings with a second round RNC over Marcus Sursa in March. Misha Cirkunov defeated Rodney Wallace by head kick TKO in the first round to move themselves into the rankings as well. ...
Check out the rest of the post here.
Found something you'd like to see in the Morning Report? Just hit me up on Twitter @SaintMMA and we'll include it in tomorrow's column.
WASHINGTON—A federal appeals court has ordered lawsuits by Judicial Watch and Cause of Action seeking to force the federal government to recover Hillary Clinton's missing emails to move forward, reversing a lower court's dismissal.
When Secretary of State John Kerry refused to take all lawful measures mandated by federal law to recover Clinton's emails, Judicial Watch and Cause of Action brought separate lawsuits seeking to force Attorney General Loretta Lynch to launch a Justice Department investigation, a request that federal law says should have originated from Kerry or from the national archivist. A federal trial judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed these lawsuits, holding they were moot and no longer appropriate for judicial action.
On Dec. 27, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversed, ordering the lower court to restart proceedings on the lawsuit. The panel included both liberal and conservative judges.
“The Federal Records Act governs the creation, management and disposal of federal records,” Senior Judge Stephen Williams wrote for the court, quoting a previous case. “Due to the importance of maintaining federal records (which are generally accessible to the public through the Freedom of Information Act), the act strictly limits the circumstances under which records can be removed from federal custody or destroyed.”
When a Cabinet officer becomes aware that the removal or destruction of federal records has happened or is imminent, they must notify the head of the National Archives, and then “initiate action through the Attorney General” to recover those records. Despite the Federal Records Act's clear and unambiguous language, Kerry never did so.
D.C. Circuit precedent holds that the Federal Records Act commands Cabinet secretaries and the Archivist to pursue claims of missing or destroyed records, and does not allow any discretion on whether to do so. Another law—the Administrative Procedure Act (APA)—allows a person to sue over nonperformance of a federal agency action that federal law requires the agency to take. Judicial Watch and Cause of Action brought their suits under the authority of the APA.
Although the State Department's requesting that Clinton please turn over emails produced some results, the D.C.-based appeals court noted that “the Department has not explained why shaking the tree harder—e.g., by following the statutory mandate to seek action by the Attorney General—might not bear more still.”
“In terms of assuring government recovery of emails, appellants have not been given everything they asked for,” the court concluded. “Absent a showing that the requested enforcement action could not shake loose a few more emails, the case is not moot.”
The D.C. Circuit therefore sent the case back down to the district court for additional proceedings. The watchdog groups' lawyers can now seek a ruling on the merits of their case and a court order to Kerry (or their successor) asking the Justice Department to begin law enforcement actions to recover Clinton's emails.
The appeals are consolidated under the name Judicial Watch v. Kerry, D.C. Circuit docket nos. 16-5015, 16-5060, 16-5061, and 16-5077.
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow them on Twitter @kenklukowski.
My Adventures with God
Stephen Tobolowsky. Simon & Schuster, $25 (368p) ISBN 978-1-4767-6646-1
More By and About This Author
OTHER BOOKS The Dangerous Animals Club
Character actor Tobolowsky (The Dangerous Animals Club) is best known for their roles in the 1987 sci-fi spoof Spaceballs and the 1993 hit comedy Groundhog Day. Less known is their background as a Jewish Texan, on which these new stories are based. Tobolowsky employs a unique Pentateuch narrative arc to examine their personal creation myth, enslavement, a “Leviticus moment” of self-realization, a Numbers phase of losing friends and family, and a Deuteronomy stage of making “sense of the journey.” Through this device, a hilarious, poignant, complicated, and cautionary tale unfolds. “My first experience with redemption had nothing to do with forgiveness or renewal. It had to do with green stamps,” they write, explaining that their mother used the stamps as credits for helpful deeds that could be later redeemed for prizes. Tobolowsky's fast-paced, precise, wide-ranging, and impressive book draws on the I Ching, Talmud, Einstein, Grimms' Fairy Tales, and reruns of SportsCenter to create counterpoints when discussing their life of faith. “Thoughts of God are intended to create doubt,” they write. “Doubt is integral to wisdom.” This is a well-told must-read for fans of Tobolowsky and for anyone interested in a comedic adventure with the divine. Agent: Jud Laghi, Jud Laghi Agency. (Apr.)
Last week, the FBI selectively leaked the news that Bruce Ivins had taken personal leave on September 17, 2001; they seemed to be arguing that Ivins had taken leave to drive to Princeton, all in time to return for an appointment that evening.
A partial log of Ivins's work hours shows that they worked late in the lab on the evening of Sunday, Sept. 16, signing out at 9:52 p.m. after two hours and 15 minutes. The next morning, the sources said, they showed up as usual but stayed only briefly before taking leave hours. Authorities assume that they drove to Princeton immediately after that, dropping the letters in a mailbox on a well-traveled street across from the university campus.
But then some DFH bloggers pointed out that that theory was impossible.
It would not be possible for Ivins to have mailed the anthrax. According to my calculations above, the window during which Ivins could have put the letter in the mailbox on September 17 was from 10:25 to 1:35. But here's what the FBI itself says about the window in which the letter was mailed: The investigation examined Dr. Ivins's laboratory activity immediately before and after the window of opportunity for the mailing of the Post and Brokaw letters to New York which began at 5:00 p.m. Monday, September 17,2001 and ended at noon on Tuesday, September 18, 2001. [my emphasis] In other words, had they mailed the anthrax when they're arguing they did, the letter would have been picked up at the 5:00 PM pick-up (if not an earlier one–often boxes have a mid-day pick-up as well), and post-marked on September 17, not on September 18.
So, after their operative theory couldn't even withstand the scrutiny of the DFHs in the world, they revised their theory.
Meanwhile, government sources offered more detail about Ivins's movements on a critical day in the case: when letters were dropped into the postal box on Princeton's Nassau Street, across the street from the university campus. Investigators now believe that Ivins waited until evening to make the drive to Princeton on Sept. 17, 2001. They showed up at work that day and stayed briefly, then took several hours of administrative leave from the lab, according to partial work logs. Based on information from receipts and interviews, authorities say Ivins filled up their car's gas tank, attended a meeting outside of the office in the late afternoon, and returned to the lab for a few minutes that evening before moving off the radar screen and presumably driving overnight to Princeton. The letters were postmarked Sept. 18.
Notice this time they're not going to tell us what time Ivins went back to the lab, perhaps because they want their theory to hold up through the weekend. If it was late at night, it would introduce the same problems of timing, as presumably Ivins was back at the office at 7:30 AM the next morning, as per usual. And there's one more critical detail: Ivins did not enter Suite B3 when they returned to the office that night. As the original search warrant attachment laid out:
The investigation examined Dr. Ivins's laboratory activity immediately before and after the window of opportunity for the mailing of the Post and Brokaw letters to New York which began at 5:00 p.m. Monday, September 17,200 1 and ended at noon on Tuesday, September 18, 2001. Beginning on Friday, September 14, Dr. Ivins worked the following three consecutive evening shifts prior to the mailings with time spent in Suite B3: Friday, September 14, 8:54 p.m. to 12:22 a.m., 2 hours 15 minutes Saturday, September 15, 8:05 p.m. to 11:59 p.m., 2 hours 15 minutes Sunday, September 16, 6:38 p.m. to 9:52 p.m., 2 hours 15 minutes After September 16, Dr. Ivins did not enter Suite B3 in the evening again until September 25. [my emphasis]
As I understand it, the attachment considers anything after 4:45 to be evening work, and we know that Ivins was in an appointment at that point, so their brief return to the office must have been an evening visit. This does not, by itself, doom their new theory. After all, Ivins was caught that December cleaning their office space, not B3, so it's possible they just stored the anthrax outside of B3 after they cultured it, if in fact they did culture it. But that would raise the question of why the anthrax didn't show up in sampling of their office, and how and where it was stored during the day of September 17 when Ivins was not in their office.
The WaPo also notes that the hair samples in the mailbox don't match Ivins' hair.
Federal investigators probing the deadly 2001 anthrax attacks recovered samples of human hair from a mailbox in Princeton, N.J., but the strands did not match the lead suspect in the case, according to sources briefed on the probe.
I actually don't think that's a big deal–there's no reason to believe that the culprit necessarily left hair samples on the envelopes and that no one else did, particularly since it took ten months to actually find and sample the mailbox in question.
I'm most amused by the way they find evidence, claim it's significant, then discard it entirely once their theory falls apart. Just last week, the fact that Ivins had taken leave for the entire day before the anthrax was mailed was another smoking gun, proof that they had done the deed. But now that we DFHs have proved they couldn't have been mailing the anthrax at that time, then that piece of evidence is discarded entirely. It seems they don't want to entertain the possibility they were doing something else–perhaps meeting with someone, but not driving to Princeton. Similarly, lie detector tests were critical, until they discovered their main culprit passed his.
In other words, they're still making it up as they go along, and they still don't have a solid case that Ivins was the sole culprit.
Arguments by anti-immigration reform pundits against a House bill have degenerated into non sequiturs. Thankfully, more and more Republican lawmakers and substantial interest groups are uniting behind an overhaul effort.
House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio. (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
Some of these pundits argue that it would spark a major war within the GOP if the House were to pass immigration reform. But wait: If a significant majority of House members support it, why should these members fear a “war,” unless that war were to come directly from these same pundits? Is the opposition based on the fact that some oppose it? Alternatively, some in the anti-reform club still holler that the House shouldn't pass the Gang of Eight's bill. Well, no one is talking about doing so — so what's the problem?
The anti-immigration crowd is expert at moving the goal posts. First, it objected to the Gang of Eight plans. Then hardline Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) confessed that he'd never agree to any earned pathway to citizenship. When the House refused to follow the Senate model, began formulating discrete bills and considered legalization (not even citizenship) for those other than DREAMers — well, that was no good, either.
But the ground is shifting under the feet of conservatives. Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder joins a flock of GOP governors to urge movement:
“To be blunt, we have a dumb system,” they said during remarks on immigration, using a phrase he'd repeat a few times. “Why would we build the dumb system that we have today to say, we don't want you here?” … Snyder said people who get “bogged down” in comprehensive vs. piecemeal are missing the point. “That's a case of people looking for an excuse not to do something, rather than getting it done,” they said. “It's like you're standing right in front of the tree rather than looking at the forest.”
It's hard to argue with that conclusion. Not coincidentally, the most successful Republicans (governors), who are likely to fill the ranks of the best 2016 contenders, are virtually unified in their support for a reform bill.
On the pro-immigration side of the ledger you have, among others, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the high-tech industry, the defense industry (worried about not attracting the best and brightest), the new chief economist of Heritage Foundation, fiscal conservatives, a segment of evangelicals, younger voters and libertarians. (You wonder what excuse Sen. Rand Paul will come up with now to avoid supporting a specific immigration bill; with an eye on 2016, they never can bring themselves to vote for anything in particular.) Most of all, you have Republicans who can do math — and see it won't be possible to be a national party without generating some appeal among nonwhite voters. The votes simply aren't there.
We shouldn't be surprised that there remains a gloomy and somewhat nativist trend on the right, folks who imagine that more people are bad for the economy, the country will be ruined by newcomers and new minority voters would never vote for the GOP anyway (well, likely not the GOP the anti-reformers want, for sure). It is never morning in America for that crowd.
Populated among the anti-immigration forces is a significant number of pro-retrenchment forces on national security, including many in the right-wing media. It's not surprising that the group that wants no part of the world neither wants to engage abroad nor have foreigners come here. But those who fancy themselves as internationalists on national security should be leery of hooking up with that crowd, and not only because immigration is needed for innovation in defense technology. If you want Americans to understand the U.S. has a critical leadership role in the U.S., both as a superpower and as a symbol of hope and freedom, it's hard to make the case against keeping foreigners out, let alone rounding them up to throw them out or standing shoulder to should with some nasty anti-foreigner fringe groups.
We will see what the House comes up with. If there are a series of bills that a great number of House members can sign onto, we will once again see a remarkable turning of the tide, away from the far right that brought us the shutdown and toward a more inclusive, optimistic and reform-minded GOP.
Quest For Free Chicken Nuggets Inspires Twitter's Most Retweeted Tweet
Enlarge this image toggle caption Wendy's Wendy's
Well, they did it — sort of.
In April, Carter Wilkerson set out on a mission to get free chicken nuggets for a year. What they may not have known was that their inquiry would become the most retweeted tweet of all time.
It was their fondness for nuggets that inspired Wilkerson to ask Wendy's how many retweets they needed to get free chicken nuggets for a year. Wendy's, playing along, set the bar high: 18 million.
Challenge accepted.
Shortly after Wendy's response, the 16-year-old from Reno, Nev., took a screenshot of the conversation and asked fellow nugget lovers to help them because, as they tweeted, "a man needs their nuggs."
On Tuesday, Wilkerson's plea for free nuggets broke the retweet record, according to Guinness World Records. Their tweet was shared more than 3,470,000 times. Previously, the most shared tweet was Ellen DeGeneres' Oscars selfie, which Guinness said had 3,430,249 retweets as of Tuesday.
In light of their newfound social stardom, Wilkerson started a website, #NuggsforCarter, which sells T-shirts for all chicken nugget aficionados. According to the website, all proceeds from the merchandise sales will be donated to the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption.
And even though Wilkerson didn't quite hit the 18 million mark, Wendy's decided to go ahead and give them the free nuggets for a year. Wendy's also pledged to give $100,000 to the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption.
In 2007, Isaac Brock — wild-eyed, unkempt mastermind of Modest Mouse — mentioned in an interview that Oscar-nominated actor Heath Ledger had expressed interest in directing a video for “King Rat,” a throwaway track from MM's We Were Dead Before The Ship Even Sank.
Not only that, but famed director Terry Gilliam, with whom Ledger was working on “The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus,” had agreed to animate the clip. It all seemed rather odd, and Brock appeared nonplussed by the project (telling VH1, “I hope it works out and I don't sound like a f–ing liar at the end of this”). Modest Mouse fans around the world greeted the news with a resounding “Wha?!?”
Then, in early 2008, Ledger was found dead in a New York apartment, and the entire project was quickly forgotten by pretty much everybody except Brock and the California-based artist collective known as the Masses.
Masses members Daniel Auber, Norris Houk, Jade Taglioli and Sara Cline picked up the reins, determined to finish the “King Rat” video as a tribute to their friend (and Masses member) Ledger. Some 18 months later, the video is finally complete, premiering Tuesday (August 4) on Modest Mouse's MySpace page, iTunes and the Masses' Web site.
In the video, humans are hunted by a vessel of grotesque whales. They are harpooned, beaten with clubs, skinned alive, ground through processing tubes and made into seal food while the whales drunkenly cavort. Ledger's original vision for the video was “to raise awareness on modern whaling practices through a potent visual piece” (so sayeth an accompanying press release) — and, accordingly, all proceeds from the iTunes download of the video will go to the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, an international non-profit organization committed to ending the slaughter of wildlife in the world's oceans.
It's pretty admirable, and as Ledger's final vision, pretty beautiful, too. With each bloody harpoon or flailing human carcass, the “King Rat” video manages to match Brock's penchant for ugliness, but this is nothing new, as any MM fan can tell you. Brock doesn't so much sing on “Rat” (or any innumerable number of songs he's released this decade) as they do bellow, belch, gurgle, gasp, whimper and whine.
Brock has spent most of the ‘aughts slowly transforming into bastard stepchild of Frank Black and Tom Waits — a wailing, slurring lunatic who never met a phrase (or phrasing) that they couldn't abuse within an inch of its life. And accordingly, Modest Mouse's musical output has followed suit, seemingly deriving some perverse pleasure from tormenting the listener. For every expansive, pretty, windswept moment they've unfurled over the past three albums (“The Stars Are Projectors,” “Blame It on the Tetons,” “Little Motel”), they've piled up an equal amount of buzzing, claustrophobic, downright ugly tunes (“Alone Down There,” “This Devils Workday,” “Fly Trapped in a Jar”). It's not exactly a stretch to assume that Brock might be a black-hearted misanthrope, delighting in pushing their fans' buttons.
And that's what is probably the most impressive thing about Ledger's “King Rat” video. In some way, it proves that Brock is actually a human being, a compassionate guy who's using their celebrity to do some good. It would seem that, for all their hissing and spitting, all their sadistic ways, he's actually got a conscience, too.
King Rat
See the original post:
Modest Mouse Get Ugly In Heath Ledger-Directed ‘King Rat' Video
Now that Jon Snow is "dead," all men must speculate.
Could Melisandre bring them back? Will they turn into a White Walker? What's their secret for giving their hair so much bounce? The mysteries never end.
... Or do they?
HBO is helping with our anxious Season 6 anticipation by now giving us the complete Season 5 Blu-ray/DVD. The release culminated in a visual dragon "crash site" and outdoor fan event in New York on Tuesday, which included a screening of "The Dance of Dragons," a 20-minute animated featurette from the Blu-ray, and an appearance by Davos himself, actor Liam Cunningham.
While talking with The Huffington Post, Cunningham revealed something you might've missed about Season 5.
OK, backstory: a few years ago, Cunningham told Sky Atlantic that when they met George R.R. Martin the author said they were still working on the new book and revealed a big secret.
"I do have an actual secret, and it's pretty cool," Cunningham said.
At the time, Cunningham wouldn't reveal the secret, presumably involving Davos, but Season 5 had some of the biggest moments ever, so we asked if we finally saw the secret last season. (And we're highlighting this quote because it's veeerrry interesting.)
"That's a good question," said Cunningham, laughing. "I'm not gonna tell you what it is, but you have and you haven't," they said.
Hmmm ... so we probably have seen part of this secret in Season 5. With this info, there are a few possibilities. Davos' storyline is intertwined with a bunch of crazy moments in the season, including Stannis' death and the sacrifice of Shireen. However, one event obviously stands out above all: the death (and possible resurrection) of Jon Snow.
HBO We know what you're thinking: "Daaaaammnnn!"
Snow fits perfectly with the secret. We saw part of it last season when the character died. And the rest (his resurrection) would be sometime in the future.
From HBO posters and set leaks, it's basically guaranteed that Snow is coming back in Season 6. Plus, the new trailer may have revealed Snow is alive and gave strong hints that Davos and Melisandre are teaming up to make it happen. Additionally, a scene from the Season 6 premiere aired at SXSW recently and showed Melisandre telling Davos they saw Snow alive in a vision in the flames.
In regard to the secret, Cunningham continued, saying that if it hadn't happened yet, they aren't going to reveal it.
"The most gorgeous thing about the show are these fantastic surprises. It's stuff that just comes out and whacks you in the side of the head, and to take the enjoyment away from that by spilling the beans about something would be a terrible thing to do," said Cunningham.
Is the secret about Jon Snow's resurrection? Could it be something else?
The truth is coming ...
A Red Lions skydiver was involved in a midair drama yesterday when they had to cut off their parachute while descending to the Padang during the rehearsal for the National Day Parade.
The jumper, who has not been named, was the first of five.
They managed to deploy their back-up parachute before landing safely on the parade grounds to cheers from the invited crowd.
Some onlookers managed to photograph the detached parachute falling through the air. There were moments of fear that the freefaller was in danger.
The NDP executive committee insisted that yesterday's 10-minute long freefall display "was executed as planned".
TENSE MOMENT At deployment height, one of the jumpers' first parachute went into a twist, a common occurrence while parachuting. SPOKESMAN, NDP executive committee
"At deployment height, one of the jumpers' first parachute went into a twist, a common occurrence while parachuting," a spokesperson said. "The jumper assessed that they could not clear the twist in time, and cut away the first parachute to deploy their reserve parachute, landing safely within the designated area in the Padang.
"There were no injuries sustained," the spokesperson added.
Aviation enthusiast Ow Eng Tiong, 41, who regularly attends the Red Lions display which is held annually, witnessed the incident from a nearby street.
"I could see that their parachute had not opened completely," they told The Sunday Times.
"I saw them spiralling down like a corkscrew and falling faster than usual. I knew that something was wrong. But I presume they are fine since the second parachute worked," they added.
The last known parachute accident at the parade was in 2005, when a Red Lion fractured their pelvis as a result of a bad landing at a rehearsal. The Red Lions display, a perennial crowd favourite, takes place before the ceremonial military parade.
This year, the military parade will feature more than 2,000 people in 37 contingents, among them representatives of 16 public- and private-sector bodies.
Colonel Simon Lee, who oversees the parade and ceremony segment, said 42 companies and organisations had applied to march on Aug 9.
Col Lee said: "There is only so much we can pack in. We want a good mix to show the various facets of total defence... we select those that best represent the Singapore identity."
Among the marchers will be Sembcorp Design and Construction managing director and former People's Association chief, Mr Yam Ah Mee, 58.
The former air force brigadier- general, who will lead the Sembcorp contingent, said: "The chance to march in a Jubilee parade does not come by often. I can also catch up with old friends and bond with all the youth."
The biggest Wall Street story most Americans haven't yet heard of is the $62 trillion unregulated credit default swaps market.
Here is one scenario: A hedge fund buys insurance in case a company defaults on its bonds  a so-called credit default swap  when the hedge fund doesn't necessarily own the bonds. Then it immediately shorts the stock, driving down the company's share price, leading to a downgrade, and eventually triggering a default. It is the ultimate moral hazard, like taking out fire insurance for a home you don't own: There is an obvious motivation to set the house on fire and collect the insurance.
Meanwhile, that same hedge fund may also be issuing its own credit default swaps, where it promises to cover a company's bonds if it defaults, in exchange for the buyer of the swap paying out a premium. The premium is paid out in regular intervals, much like an insurance premium, and is a simple means for the hedge fund to generate additional income. This is especially true because the hedge fund does not have to put aside any capital to cover the swaps it is writing. Riskier still, no bond has to actually be delivered to settle the swap in case of a default.
"The credit default swap market is the ultimate bubble, and it is about to collapse," the managing director of Institutional Risk Analytics, Christopher Whalen, said. "It is a Ponzi scheme, and is basically the same method as a bookie uses."
Hedge funds have been employing this strategy over the past several months as the financial sector caves in, some analysts and industry observers said. "If they had tried this any time in the last three years, they would have gotten torched; it is only very recently that something like this could work," the chief strategist at Fusion IQ, Barry Ritholtz, said, adding that they had no first-hand knowledge of the strategy.
With defaults on the rise  Standard & Poor's 12-month forward default rate forecast is 4.9%, although it said it could reach as high as 8.5%, compared to a 25-year low of 0.97% at the end of 2007  more credit default swaps are being triggered.
In the past, if credit default swaps were triggered by a default, a hedge fund would just write more swaps to cover it. But now the credit default swap market is largely frozen following the collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings, which was an important player in the market. Making matters worse, the hedge funds that wrote these swaps never put aside any capital to cover them, so they are unable to pay and are liquidating their positions and closing.
So far, many of the banks that bought the swaps from the hedge funds have quietly eaten the loss, market insiders with knowledge of the industry said. The banks and others in the markets do not want to arouse the attention of regulators or the bankruptcy court, which could issue adverse rulings that will constrict the lucrative market, people familiar with their strategy said.
"You don't read about the fails because dealers come in and clean it up," Mr. Whalen said. "The dealers are closing ranks, and don't want anyone to hear about how they are taking back positions and absorbing the losses."
Because hedge funds are private, and the swaps market is not traded on any central exchange, there is very little transparency and no real documentation. But the complex credit default swaps market may now be forced to come out of its shadow, as defaults mount and banks are unable to stomach the losses, leading contract disputes and bankruptcies to spill onto the front pages of newspapers and the court, analysts and investors said.
Still, much remains to be clarified. For example, it is still not clear whether credit default swaps are securities  and therefore under the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission  or insurance tools that come under the umbrella of the New York State Insurance Department.
The Commissioner of the state's Insurance Department, Eric Dinallo, has indicated that the instruments are a type of insurance, but has also said they are only likely to consider as valid those credit default swaps where the underlying bond against which a swap was issued is actually presented. This could pose difficulties for the billions of dollars in credit default swaps that were purchased without the underlying bond, people said.
The SEC has not taken any position in regards to the credit default swaps market, but on Friday the SEC said it would begin requiring some hedge fund managers to submit their trading activity, including credit default swaps, to the agency.
The trade group that represents the market  the International Swaps and Derivatives Association  has argued against any regulation from the SEC.
"Last week, as liquidity dried up, the derivatives market continued to serve as an outlet for managing risk," the counsel and head of global public policy at ISDA, Greg Zerzan, said in a statement. "Over the counter derivatives continue to play a critical role in keeping the markets functioning."
Format of the Workshop
This year, we're happy to announce that we've spiced up the format of the workshop quite a bit! In addition to full research papers, this year we also solicit short research papers, student talks, & demos.
This year, we will also be formally publishing our proceedings in the ACM Digital Library (unless authors choose not to). For more information, see the call for papers.
We solicit...
Student Talks Short 5-10 minute talks by students presenting ongoing or completed research related to Scala, or announcing a project that would be of interest to the Scala community. Tool Demos A live demonstration of a tool (typically complete, robust, and well-documented), accompanied by a short paper providing an overview of the tool. Research Papers Papers describing original research or experience reports related to Scala. Research papers come in two flavors: - Regular (10 page) papers - Short (4 page) papers Both in ACM double-column style.
For more details, see the Call For Papers
Call for Papers
We'll also have an exciting keynote by Prof. Phil Wadler.
Meaty snacks: they're not just for Venus flytraps. Almost any plant can be a carnivore with the help of fungi. Species of the ubiquitous Metarhizium genus kill insects and carry the nutrients from the corpses into the roots of plants.
“There's a neat little battle going on in the soil,” says Michael Bidochka of Brock University in St Catharines, Ontario, Canada. Plants, insects and microbes battle over the nitrogen that they need.
Most plants can't take nitrogen directly out of the air or soil, so they rely on the fungi and bacteria that live in their roots to capture it from, for instance, decaying organic matter in the soil.
Among the most ubiquitous of these fungi are Metarhizium, which live on every continent and colonise most types of plants.
In addition to their role in helping plants capture nitrogen, the fungi also infect and kill many insect species. People in developing countries have even used them as a cheap way to kill locusts. The fungi kill by releasing enzymes that eat their way through an insect's outer shell. Once through the hard carapace, the fungi slowly take over the host and kill it from the inside.
Passing to the other side
Bidochka's team wondered whether there was a link between the insect killing and the plant feeding. They injected a labelled form of nitrogen into wax moth larvae (Galleria mellonella) and then infected them with fungi.
The researchers then buried the larvae in the soil with either beans (Phaseolus vulgaris) or switchgrass (Panicum virgatum) plants. Between the infected insects and the plants' roots, they placed a screen with pores too small for plant roots to penetrate but large enough for the fungi to traverse.
After 14 days, the insects were dead, and the researchers found their labelled nitrogen in the plants' tissues. It made up an impressive 28 per cent of the nitrogen in the beans and 32 per cent in the switchgrass.
Insects that hadn't been infected by Metarhizium didn't transfer any of their nitrogen to the plants after they died.
“It completes the circle,” says Raymond St Leger, an entomologist at the University of Maryland in College Park. Insects eat plants, but plants get their revenge eventually.
What's next, they say, is to find out how widespread the phenomenon is in nature, and whether plants living in natural environments are as dependent on insects as a nitrogen source as the plants in the lab seemed to be.
Journal reference: Science, DOI: 10.1126/science.1222289
Scheana Marie has called it quits with their beau Robert Valleta.
The Vanderpump Rules star, 32, began dating the male model, 35, last December after their divorce from husband Michael Shay was finalized.
'It was a mutual decision. They still really love and care about each other, but right now they have differing schedules,' a source told People on Thursday.
Splitsville: Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie, 32, has called it quits with their model beau Robert Valleta, 35; (pictured August)
'The feelings on either side haven't changed. It wasn't a matter of falling out of love or what not. It was just a matter of each needing to focus on their careers.
'They still talk every day, and when they're both in town, they spend time together. They have stayed friendly and are very much involved in each other's lives since the split,' the insider added.
Robert revealed that they and the Bravo personality had parted ways in the comments section of an Instagram photo they posted on Tuesday.
When a follower asked them where their 'beautiful girlfriend' was, Robert replied: 'Sadly we broke up, we are still amazing friends and we adore each other.'
Focus: Scheana ended the relationship to focus on their career; (pictured Monday)
Finalize: Scheana began dating Robert after their divorce from Michael Shay, 32, was finalized in November; (pictured February 2016)
The posting has since been deleted.
Scheana began dating Robert after knowing them for over a decade.  They are the younger brother of actor Amber Valletta.
Last fall after two years of marriage, the brunette beauty and their ex-husband Michael decided to go their separate ways.
Better days: Scheana and Michael wed in July 2014 in a televised ceremony
Star rising: Scheana has been on Bravo's Vanderpump Rules since season one in 2013; (pictured with Stassi Schroeder, Katie Maloney, and Kristen Doute)
'I just didn't think it was something that was fixable,' they explained during an interview with E! News.
'From three months into the marriage, if it wasn't one thing it was another and we both decided amicably that this relationship wasn't working anymore and a divorce was the way to go.'
The couple had been estranged since early November when it was claimed Michael - who also goes by Mike - was missing and was struggling with their sobriety.
Mike, 29, later took to Instagram to assure family, friends and fans they were not in a drug spiral and was not missing.
Meanwhile, Scheana - who works as a waiter at SUR - has yet to comment on the status of them and Robert's relationship.
The Cleveland Browns are impervious to rebranding
Last week the Browns made national headlines and put the local news cycle on freeze with a heavily promoted “rebranding” that turned out not to be a rebranding at all. For all the many ways this offseason has somehow again plunged the franchise to new depths of league-laughingstock status, the “rebranding” episode was actually glorious, and a much-needed reminder of how great it can be to be a Browns fan.
To review, the organization undertook what it announced as a two-year design process that resulted mainly in turning its primary logo from an orange football helmet to a slightly redder-orange football helmet.
While national responses to the redesign ranged mostly from disappointment (“Completely underwhelming,” said the Washington Post's Matt Bonesteel) to mockery, (“50 shades of orange!,” said pretty much everyone else) many locals were properly relieved.
Given owner Jimmy Haslam's well-documented drive to squeeze every last penny out of their business ventures, humanity be damned, it was little surprise that they wanted to print up some newly branded merchandise to sell shortly upon taking control of the Browns in 2012. Yet, that anyone still identifies as a Browns fan at all after Art Modell's theft of the franchise to Baltimore and the ensuing decade and a half of impossible failure on the field is proof enough that the Browns already had the strongest brand in the history of commerce.
That the logo would remain so much in tact after this clash of unstoppable force with immovable object is a testament to how great it can be when something original is allowed to stay that way.
The Browns are the only team in the NFL that doesn't wear a symbol on its helmet, and the only one named after a person, the legendary coach Paul Brown — founding father of American football who won seven league championships in Cleveland before being fired by (of course) Art Modell. Yet Brown was uncomfortable with their status as the franchise's namesake, so for a long time the Browns intentionally obscured the origin of the name, at one point pushing the story that it was inspired by world famous boxing champ Joe Louis, “the Brown Bomber.” Paul Brown's image has never been used as a logo or a mascot for the franchise, which, in the 1940s adopted “Brownie the Elf” as an official symbol, representative of the mythical “Brownie” creatures of Scottish and English folklore “who helped out with household chores as long as you left them little goodies to eat.” The Browns name also evokes legendary running back Jim, as well as the earthiest of colors, brown, prominently featured on the team's uniforms.
Because the Browns name never came to be singularly connected to any of these concepts, it came to mean more than anything, just, “Cleveland football.” The plain orange helmets came to mean the same thing. And for generations of fans who've grown up never really knowing what a “Brown” is, “Cleveland football” and the plain orange helmets have always been plenty. For many of us, it's unthinkable that “Cleveland football” could ever be anything else.
As for why this is so, inertia is surely part of the answer, as is Northeast Ohio's status as the birthplace of professional football. But it's also worth considering that some of the world's most successful religions teach the cultivation of a wordless state of mind as a necessary step to enlightenment or salvation. Of course, to really know anything is to know it in a way that can't be fully described with words. And at some point words, and the labels we make with them, only get in the way. Have you ever met a stranger at a party or on a bus or airplane, and noticed that your interaction was more meaningful because for whatever reason questions like, “where are you from?” or “what do you do for a living?” never came up?
Which is to say that in the absence of a label or concept to interfere, like, say, a jungle cat that has nothing really to do with a place like Cincinnati or Detroit, “Cleveland football” has been allowed to define itself more purely as exactly what it is, whatever it is. Here we can be sure that a critical mass of Browns fans still knows Cleveland football as a lot more than just the last two decades of failure and heartbreak. Also more than the ancient championship run and the rest of the historical on-field results, more than all the people who are responsible for those results, and more than the sum of the rest of Browns fans' memories of certain Sundays and the odd Saturday, Monday or Thursday in Northeast Ohio and wherever else. At some point, authentic self-definition becomes meaningful enough, and purely so, that there becomes no other way to describe something.
Of course, to some degree this is all true of any beloved sports franchise, especially one with a history as long as the Browns.' But in Cleveland it's more so because of the organic simplicity and obscurity of the Browns “branding,” defined over seven decades and counting.
What is a Brown? It's Cleveland football. What's Cleveland football? If you can't tell by looking at the orange helmets, you're just going to have to figure it out for yourself. Just know that whatever it is, one of the most money-grubbingest billionaires on the planet charged some of their most money-makingest henchmen to undertake a two-year project to “rebrand” it, and the only thing they could really do was turn the orange helmets into slightly redder orange helmets.
Go Browns and go orange helmets forever. The draft is only 56 days away.
PMO sources-Next raid on Manish or Satinder. Officers under them being pressurized to get something wrong signed from them(1/2) — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) January 15,
???? ?? ?? ??? ?? ?? ??, ???? ????? ??? ??, ????? ????? ??? ??? ?? ????? ??? ???? ?????? ????? (2/2) — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) January 15, 2016
NEW DELHI: Citing "sources" in the Prime Minister's Office, Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal on Friday tweeted that he's learned that their deputy Manish Sisodia and minister Satinder Jain will be the next to be raided by the Central Bureau of Investigation. PMO sources-Next raid on Manish or Satinder. Officers under them being pressurized to get something wrong signed from them," Kejriwal tweeted on Friday.The Aam Aadmi Party leader said they have been told by "PMO sources" that the officers working under Sisodia and Jain are being asked to get "something wrong" signed by them. The CBI is controlled by the home ministry.He followed that with another tweet in Hindi, " Modi ji, aap kuchh bhi kar lo, sachch hamare saath hai. Aap hamara kuchh nahi bigaad sakte (Modiji, do whatever you wish to do, the truth is with us. You cannot do us any harm)."In December, a controversial raid on Kejriwal's office by the CBI had led to a massive row, with the AAP leader accusing the Centre of orchestrating the raid to access files related to the Delhi and District Cricket Association.Kejriwal has accused finance minister Arun Jaitley of financial irregularities and conflict of interest during the 13 years that the senior BJP leader headed the cricket body till 2013.Jaitley has dragged Kejriwal and other AAP leaders to court for defamation over the allegation.
A valid state transition is one which comes about through a transaction. Formally: σ t+1 ≡ Υ(σ t , T ) where Υ is the Ethereum state transition function. In ☰thereum, Υ, together with σ are considerably more powerful then any existing comparable system; Υ allows components to carry out arbitrary computation, while σ allows components to store arbitrary state between transactions. - The Yellow Paper
At the core of Etheruem is the state transition function. Within the function lies the ☰thereum ∇irtual Machine which upon ☰∇M code runs. In this post we will be running transactions thourgh the VM and looking at the results. A note on Terminology: the VM as descibed in the yellow paper is a subset of the state transition function. With an executioner that manipulates accounts and sets up the enviorment for the VM. Here we will just refer to the state transition function as the VM although this may not be techicanally correct. I did not like having an executioner in my code. It's a bit too barbaric for my taste. Altogether the VM in this sense handles all changes done to the state, which wholly resided in a trie.
This post will explore creating transactions and processing them with the VM. You can find all the code for this post here;
Running Contracts
To get stated we will be using two libraries. async and ethereum-lib
npm install async
npm install ethereum-lib
First import the necessary libraries and initailize some varibles.
var async = require ( 'async' ), Ethereum = require ( 'ethereum-lib' ), VM = Ethereum . VM , Account = Ethereum . Account , Transaction = Ethereum . Transaction , Trie = Ethereum . Trie , rlp = Ethereum . rlp utils = Ethereum . utils ; //creating a trie that just resides in memory var stateTrie = new Trie (); //create a new VM instance var vm = new VM ( stateTrie ); //we will use this later var storageRoot ; //the private/public key pare. used to sign the transactions and generate the addresses var secretKey = '3cd7232cd6f3fc66a57a6bedc1a8ed6c228fff0a327e169c2bcc5e869ed49511' ; var publicKey = '0406cc661590d48ee972944b35ad13ff03c7876eae3fd191e8a2f77311b0a3c6613407b5005e63d7d8d76b89d5f900cde691497688bb281e07a5052ff61edebdc0' ;
Lets set up the state trie. We need to give the sender's account enougth wei to send the transaction and run the code.
//sets up the initial state and runs the callback when complete function setup ( cb ) { //the address we are sending from var address = utils . pubToAddress ( new Buffer ( publicKey , 'hex' )); //create a new account var account = new Account (); //give the account some wei. //This needs to be a `Buffer` or a string. all strings need to be in hex. account . balance = 'f00000000000000000' ; //store in the trie stateTrie . put ( address , account . serialize (), cb ); }
Next we will create a transaction and process it. If you want to know more about generating transaction see this post In this example we will forgo generating a transaction from scratch and just use some json I generated earlier. Transaction has a toJSON method if you want to do the same. This transaction contains the initializtion code for the name register.
var rawTx = { nonce : '00' , gasPrice : '09184e72a000' , gasLimit : '2710' , data : '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' };
Since running a transaction in the VM is asynchronous lets wrap this in a function which we will use later. Running this transaction should create a new name register contract. It is important to note that vm.runTx() would also need a Block a second parameter if the EVM code where to use any opcodes that accessed the block propeties.
//runs a transaction through the vm function runTx ( raw , cb ) { //create a new transaction out of the json var tx = new Transaction ( raw ); tx . sign ( new Buffer ( secretKey , 'hex' )); //run the tx vm . runTx ( tx , function ( err , results ) { var createdAddress = results . createdAddress ; //log some results console . log ( 'gas used: ' + results . gasUsed . toString ()); if ( createdAddress ) console . log ( 'address created: ' + createdAddress . toString ( 'hex' )); cb ( err ); }); }
vm.runTx 1) checks if the sending account has enough wei to run then 2) runs the code and lastly 3) saves the changed accounts in the trie. It uses a callback to returns the results of running the transaction. We are only going to log some of the results here but if you are curious george you can look at the docs
Now lets actully run this!
//run the asynchronous functions in series async . series ([ setup , async . apply ( runTx , rawTx ) ]);
So you should see how much gas the transaction used and the addrres of the created contract c8b97e77d29c5ccb5e9298519c707da5fb83c442 . But not too exciting yet. Lets make sure that things worked. The VM should have created a new account for the contract in the trie. Lets make sure.
function checkResults ( cb ) { var createdAddress = new Buffer ( '692a70d2e424a56d2c6c27aa97d1a86395877b3a' , 'hex' ); //fetch the new account from the trie. stateTrie . get ( createdAddress , function ( err , val ) { var account = new Account ( val ); //we will use this later! :) storageRoot = account . stateRoot ; console . log ( '------results------' ); console . log ( 'nonce: ' + account . nonce . toString ( 'hex' )); console . log ( 'blance in wei: ' + account . balance . toString ( 'hex' )); console . log ( 'stateRoot: ' + storageRoot . toString ( 'hex' )); console . log ( 'codeHash:' + account . codeHash . toString ( 'hex' )); console . log ( '-------------------' ); cb ( err ); }); }
Add this to async.series like so
async . series ([ setup , async . apply ( runTx , rawTx ), checkResults ]);
And run. We should see the details of the new created contract. Next thing we can do is send a message to our newly created contract. Lets create another transaction to do so. This transaction should register the sending address as “null_radix”. The data field here is the RLP of pad_32_bytes(‘register') and pad_32_bytes(‘null_radix')
//This transaction should register the sending address as "null_radix" var rawTx2 = { nonce : '01' , gasPrice : '09184e72a000' , gasLimit : '2710' , to : '692a70d2e424a56d2c6c27aa97d1a86395877b3a' , data : '72656769737465720000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006e756c6c5f726164697800000000000000000000000000000000000000000000' }; //run everything async . series ([ setup , async . apply ( runTx , rawTx ), async . apply ( runTx , rawTx2 ), checkResults ]);
So if everything went right we should have “null_radix” stored at “0x9bdf9e2cc4dfa83de3c35da792cdf9b9e9fcfabd”. To see this we need to print out the name register's storage trie.
//reads and prints the storage of a contract function readStorage ( cb ) { //we need to create a copy of the state root var storageTrie = stateTrie . copy (); //Since we are using a copy we won't change the root of `stateTrie` storageTrie . root = storageRoot ; var stream = storageTrie . createReadStream (); console . log ( '------Storage------' ); //prints all of the keys and values in the storage trie stream . on ( 'data' , function ( data ) { console . log ( 'key: ' + data . key . toString ( 'hex' )); //remove the 'hex' if you want to see the ascii values console . log ( 'Value: ' + rlp . decode ( data . value ). toString ( 'hex' )); }); stream . on ( 'end' , cb ); } //and finally //run everything async . series ([ setup , async . apply ( runTx , rawTx ), async . apply ( runTx , rawTx2 ), checkResults , readStorage ]);
After running you should see the contents of the contract's storage.
Debugging with traces
Lastly lets create a trace of the EMV code. This can be very usefully for debugging (and deherbing, don't smoke and code m'kay?) contracts.
The VM provides a simple hook for each step the VM takes while running EVM code.
//runs on each opcode vm . onStep = function ( info , done ) { //prints the program counter, the current opcode and the amount of gas left console . log ( '[vm] ' + info . pc + ' Opcode: ' + info . opcode + ' Gas: ' + info . gasLeft . toString ()); //prints out the current stack info . stack . forEach ( function ( item ) { console . log ( '[vm] ' + item . toString ( 'hex' )); }); //important! call `done` when your done messing around done (); };
Now when you run you should see a complete trace. onStep provides an object that contians all the information on the current state of the VM .
With the average home price at a staggering $733,335, Vancouver tops the list of the 10 most expensive cities in North America by average home prices. The list, compiled by the Financial Post, also features 2 other Canadian cities, Toronto and Calgary, while the remaining 7 cities are all from the USA. 3 of the top 5 cities are from California.
1. Vancouver
Average home price: $733,335
The average price for a single family home in Vancouver rose 221% from 1999 to 2012, while the price of the average condo rose 148%. With an average home price of $733,335, Vancouver is the undisputed leader in the list of the most expensive cities in North America.
And here's what $733,000 can buy you in Vancouver:
2. San Francisco
Average home price: $682,410
The most expensive city in the United States, San Francisco, has an average home price of $682,410. The surge of prices in the San Francisco Bay Area may largely be attributed to a booming tech industry.
3. San Diego
Average home price: $476,790
Completing the top 3 is San Diego, the second Californian city on our list. Improved economy, job growth and increased demand are a few of the interconnected factors that resulted in high real estate prices in San Diego, which for now and for the foreseeable future, is a desirable destination.
4. Toronto
Average home price: $475,206
Coming in on fourth place is Toronto, the second Canadian city on our list. A vibrant city with a lot to offer, Toronto continues to attract people from all over the world. And according to Huffington Post, this is not going to stop anytime soon either.
5. Los Angeles
Average home price: $423,900
The city of angels closes the top 5, with an average home price of $423,900. According to Variety, year-over-year residential sale prices are already up by 18.4% in early 2014, while the inventory of homes for sale is low. And here's what $420,000 can buy you in Los Angeles:
Finally, here are the other 5 cities in the top 10, that features a surprising Calgary, which is more expensive than New York City:
6. Calgary
Average home price: $400,000
7. New York City
Average home price: $386,300
8. Boston
Average home price: $371,300
9. Washington, D.C.
Average home price: $368,000
10. Seattle
Average home price: $344,400
Just watching J.J. Redick play is exhausting. Your eyes dart from side to side as Redick speeds off one screen and then another, curling in what feels like an infinite loop. You start to feel like a cat chasing a laser pointer. Just when you lock onto their position on the TV screen, they move somewhere else.
Imagine how exhausting it must then feel to guard J.J. Redick. Few players can because Redick is that quick and refined as they move around. Much is made about how the best ball-handlers fool opponents by changing speeds with the ball. Redick does that when they don't have the ball.
You've probably heard that Redick is on one hell of a hot streak this season. The 31-year-old shooting guard is hitting 48 percent of their threes and only the great Stephen Curry has a higher true shooting percentage in the entire league. He's gobbled up many of Blake Griffin's missing shots and spat out a significantly higher conversion rate than he's ever generated in a smaller offensive role.
Yet Redick is a Film Room All-Star because of what happens before and after they actually touch the ball. Teams understandably don't want to give them an inch of space, but manage to do so anyway because he's so well-drilled and never gives their defender a moment to rest. It's common to see Redick start a Clippers set on one side of the court, run through at least one screen to the other side and then run through another to return to the same side they started.
Once Redick's defender inevitably loses him, teams have to bring help or risk a scoring barrage from deep. That means someone else is open, and Redick can find them directly or indirectly. Years of running off screens have sharpened Redick's passing reads to the point where they're automatic. When they don't shoot, their movement is the first action that stretches a defense's shape. It's only a matter of time before the defense is spread too far.
Paul Pierce's crafty pump fake and Luc Richard Mbah a Moute's timely cut directly caused that basket, but neither is possible without Redick running Allen Crabbe ragged. Almost every other guard in the league stops once the first curl is cut off. Redick has the creativity, technique and stamina to immediately veer back the other way and draw Pierce's defender to him. Because Redick made that extra cut, a possession that dies for most teams ends with a layup for the Clippers.
This is why Redick -- not Chris Paul, not Blake Griffin, not DeAndre Jordan -- has the biggest effect on the Clippers offense. When Redick is in the game, the Clippers score 112.5 points per 100 possessions, post a collective effective field goal percentage near 55 percent and generate assists on nearly 64 percent of their hoops. When Redick sits, the Clippers score 99.2 points per 100 possessions, shoot an effective field goal percentage of less than 49 percent and general assists on only 53.3 percent of their baskets. Their offense flows beautifully when he's in the game and doesn't flow at all when he's not.
Redick plays the lion's share of their minutes with Paul and Jordan, so it can be tough to separate their individual impact from theirs. Would Redick's style be as effective if they were the top offensive option on the Clippers' shaky second unit? Maybe, maybe not.
But the point is that the Clippers offense succeeds because of a three-headed monster (four-headed if Griffin is healthy). Redick, despite playing fewer minutes and receiving far few accolades, is one of those three heads. They matter that much.
Paul Miller Racing will make its Lamborghini Blancpain Super Trofeo North America series debut this weekend at Virginia International Raceway, with its WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers Madison Snow and Bryan Sellers.
The pairing, who regularly co-drive the team's No. 48 Lamborghini Huracán GT3 in the GT Daytona class, will be pulling double duty at VIR, also at the wheel of a Lamborghini Huracán LP 620-2 Super Trofeo in the Pro class.
It will mark Sellers' Super Trofeo debut, while the second start of the season for former series race winner Snow, who took part in the season-opener at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca with DXDT Racing, in the same chassis.
“I did Super Trofeo and [IMSA] Lites before, and Bryan did some Conti Challenge stuff before, so it shouldn't be a big deal for either of us to go back and forth,” Snow said.
“It will be nice that we're going back and forth in the same car. We can really work together on who can start the session and who can finish the session to have everything work out for us.”
Snow and Sellers have combined for two top-five finishes in WeatherTech Championship competition this year, including a class podium at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park and pole for Sellers at Detroit.
“It will be my Super Trofeo debut and I'm very excited for it,” Sellers said. “It's a cool opportunity to be able to race with Lamborghini again and I think it does a lot of things for us.
“I think it shows our commitment to Lamborghini, show's Paul's commitment to the series and of course when they first called and asked me if I would do it with Madison it's immediately, yes, because we get to go race in a big high horsepower race car and who doesn't want to do that.”
The Paul Miller entry is also set to take part in the final Super Trofeo event in North America this season at Circuit of The Americas, while their participation in the World Final at Valencia remains to-be-determined, according to team manager Mitchell Simmons.
You know when you do something that you think you are pretty good at. And then you see someone else doing it a hundred times better, and you realize that you have been sucking at it the whole time. That is how we felt when we ordered a vegetarian pizza from a small ristorante on Sicily, a few years back. The way they put topping on a pizza, mama mia, that is how it was meant to look like (and taste!). Forget about the traditional vegetariana, with a few vegetables in pretty looking patterns. These pizzas were topped with at least ten different ingredients. And instead of arranging them in plain patterns, they were stacked upon each other in a big pile. There were tomatoes, onions, spinach, olives, big chunks of garlic, artichokes, mushrooms, marinated eggplant and zucchini, big pre boiled potatoes … and a lot more. The lesson we learned from that day, don't be shy when you decorate a pizza. Just throw as many vegetables on it as you can fit.
These pizzas are inspired from that sicilian restaurant, but instead of making one giant pizza we made mini versions. It has probably been said a zillion times before, but this is a great thing to do for a party. Prepare all the ingredients and a big batch of pizza dough (you can prepare the dough the day before), then let everyone decorate their own pizza.
Regarding the dough. About a year ago we made potato pizza on a rye dough. That recipes were so good that we have been sticking with it since then. This time we used the same recipe, but switched rye for spelt flour, and it turned out just as good as the rye dough. We have tried a few different gluten free pizza doughs, but we never found one with the same elasticity as our dough. So if you have the perfect recipe for a gluten free pizza dough, please write it or link to it in the comment field, and we will try them out next time.
Vegetarian Mini Pizza
Makes around 8 – 10 small pizzas (5-inch) or 1 large
As we mentioned above you can use almost anything as topping, we have only written some suggestions. We marinate the zucchini and eggplant and make a proper tomato sauce ourselves, if you want to make it easier for yourself you can buy these things pre-made in the supermarket.
Dough:
1 cup/2,4 dl lukewarm water
2 tsp instant dry yeast
2 tsp sea salt
2 1/2 cup/6 dl spelt flour (we used light)
2 tbsp olive oil
Tomato sauce:
1 tbsp olive oil
1 onion, chopped
1 clove garlic
2 tbsp capers (drained)
a pinch of dried chili
1 1/2 cup/3,6 dl of canned tomatoes
1 tbsp fresh or 1 tsp dried oregano
salt & black pepper
Topping:
4 pre boiled potatoes
250 g marinated artichoke hearts
100 g kalamata olives
1 zuchini (marinated)
1 eggplant (marinated)
4 brown mushrooms, cut in quarters
1/4 fennel, thin slices
300 g small tomatoes
2 small spring onions, divided in half
1/2 broccoli100 g goat cheese
salt & black pepper
fresh aragula, put it on after the pizza has been in the oven
Making the dough: Pour warm water in a medium size bowl. Add salt and yeast and stir around. Mix in 2 cups of flour. Gradually add more flour until the dough comes together enough for you to start kneading it. Knead for a couple of minutes, add additional flour if it sticks to your hands. Put the dough back in the bowl and drizzle it with olive oil. Work the dough until it's completely covered in the oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set it in a warm place for 1 – 2 hours.
Making the tomato sauce: Heat olive oil in a medium size pot. Add onion, garlic, and chili and saute for 2-3 minutes. Add capers and fresh tomatoes and spices and cook for 10 minutes, lower the heat and let it simmer for half an hour more under a lid.
Preheat the oven to the highest possible temperature (450-500°F). Remove the plastic cover from the dough and start working it with your hands on a slightly floured work surface. Make 8 to 10 small portions. Stretch and flatten the dough until you get the desired size and thickness that you prefer and move it to a baking pan covered with parchment paper. Spelt flour doesn't stretch as good as wheat flour but if you work carefully and flatten it with the palm of your hand you will get it right. Another trick is to roll them out directly on the parchment paper with a slightly floured rolling pin and then just move the parchment paper to the baking pan.
Brush the dough with 2 tbsp tomato sauce. Cover them with topping of your choice. Bake for about 10-15 min until the outer part of the topping and the edges are slightly burnt. Sprinkle with fresh goat cheese, a bit of olive oil, fresh aragula, salt and freshly grounded pepper. Serve immediately.
Next Game: at Iowa State 11/14/2015 | 8 p.m.
LAWRENCE, Kan. – No. 5 Texas Volleyball defeated No. 10 Kansas, 3-2 (20-25, 25-20, 30-28, 22-25, 15-9) in Lawrence on Wednesday night.
With the win, the Longhorns move into first place in the Big 12 Conference standings.
Junior Paulina Prieto Cerame and senior Amy Neal led the charge with 21 kills each. For Prieto Cerame, their 21 kills was a career-high mark, only committing two errors on 35 attempts for a team-high .543 hitting percentage.
For Neal, it was their third match posting 20 or more kills this season. Neal hit .273 for UT and also recorded 12 digs and four service aces.
Sophomore Cat McCoy and senior Kat Brooks tallied 17 and 14 digs, respectively, while junior Chloe Collins had 57 assists and junior Chiaka Ogbogu added six blocks.
As a team, the Longhorns hit .340 to Kansas' .307 and finished with eight blocks to the Jayhawks' five.
In the first set, Texas came out strong with five kills in the first nine points and the Longhorns maintained a steady lead, but could not execute a run and Kansas took its first lead at 11-10. UT stayed close and didn't permit the Jayhawks to lead by more than one until KU went on an 8-3 run to take a 23-18 lead. From there, Kansas secured the last two points to take set one, 25-20.
Texas jumped out to a 6-3 lead in the second set, this time maintaining it. The Jayhawks pulled to within one at 8-7, but UT executed a 4-1 to create some separation and built a six-point lead on a 4-0 run later in the set. Kansas threatened to close the gap on a 4-1 run, but the Longhorns answered with another 4-0 behind two kills from Ogbogu. The Jayhawks fired back with a 3-0 run, but it wasn't enough and Texas closed out set two, 25-20.
In the third set, KU took an early 3-1 lead and kept a one and two point lead until the Horns tied it at 11. The Jayhawks then went on a 5-1 run to take a 16-12 lead, but Texas answered with a 4-0 run to tie it at 16. From there, the teams tied five times before UT took its first lead of the set at 22-21. The Longhorns had two set points at 24 and 25 and then KU had two set points at 26 and 27. It was Texas' turn as it capitalized on its fourth set point on a block by Ogbogu and Prieto Cerame.
Neither team led by more than two early in the fourth set until Kansas went on a 3-0 run to lead, 11-8. Texas fired back, chipping away to finally tie the score at 21. The Jayhawks closed out the set on a 4-2 run to take set four, 25-22 and even the match score, 2-2.
In the fifth set, the Longhorns and Jayhawks went neck-to-neck before UT executed a 4-1 run and didn't look back. Texas hit .438 in the set and limited Kansas to .235. The Horns ended the set on a 4-0 run to take the set, 15-9 and the match, 3-2.
Texas will travel to Iowa State on Saturday, Nov. 14 to take on the Cyclones at 8 p.m.
This is extracted from: “The Obesity Epidemic: What caused it? How can we stop it?”
During June and July of 2009 I approached the British Dietetic Association (BDA), Dietitians in Obesity Management (DOM), the National Health Service (NHS), the National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE), the Department of Health (DoH), the National Obesity Forum (NOF) and the Association for the Study of Obesity (ASO) to ask all of these expert organisations for proof of the 3,500 formulae (also known as the calorie theory).
British Dietetic Association (BDA)
On 10 June, I sent the following query to the BDA: “I am doing some research on obesity and I would be most grateful if you could help me. Please can you explain where the ‘One pound of fat contains 3,500 calories…' comes from?”
I received a prompt and pleasant reply, “Unfortunately we do not hold information on the topic that you have requested.” It was suggested that I contact a dietitian. I happened to be with several dietitians at an obesity conference later that month, so I asked fellow delegates and no one knew where the 3,500 formulae came from. No one knew where the ‘eatwell' plate proportions came from. One dietitian said to me “You've made us think how much we were just ‘told' during our training, with no explanation. A group of us over there don't even know where the five-a-day comes from.” (This may help)
NHS
So, after the conference, on 29 June, I sent the following email to the NHS: “I am an obesity researcher and I am trying to find out the rationale behind the statement: “One pound of fat contains 3,500 calories, so to lose 1lb a week you need a deficit of 500 calories a day”. This specific reference is a verbatim quotation from the British Dietetic Association's Weight Loss Leaflet Want to Lose Weight and keep it off? The BDA reply was ‘we do not hold information on the topic.' As this formula is the foundation of all current weight loss advice, it is critical to be able to prove it. Please can you let me know where this formula comes from and the evidence for it?”
On 30 June I received another prompt reply: “Unfortunately our Lifestyles team do not hold this information and are unable to assist you with your enquiry. I would suggest you contact the Department of Health to see if they can help.”
On 1 July I forwarded the email exchange with the NHS to the Department of Health. I had to chase on 6 July and then got a response saying they would get back to me within 20 working days. Meanwhile, I had also written to NICE (1 July) and they responded on 2 July saying they would get back to me within a maximum of 20 working days.
National Obesity Forum (NOF)
On 2 July I sent the same email to the NOF and the ASO and received a very prompt email back from the NOF (two hours later) suggesting that I contact the ASO. I thanked the NOF for this, but pointed out that their own web site quoted the 3,500 formula verbatim and also had the following classic example: “one less (sic) 50 calorie plain biscuit per day could help you lose 5lbs (2.3kg) in a year – and one extra biscuit means you could gain that in a year!” I have heard nothing back from the NOF since. I sent Dr. David Haslam, NOF chair, an email on 6 July attaching An Essay on Obesity, which I had written, for their interest and comment. On 10 July I also sent Dr. Haslam the exchange I had had with the ASO, so that information could be shared.
Association for the Study of Obesity (ASO)
The ASO response was the most helpful by far, but it still completely failed to prove the 3,500 formulae. My query was circulated to board members and two kindly replied:
One reply was: ”Basic biology tells us that 1kg pure fat, converted to energy = 9000 kcal, 1lb pure fat = 0.453 kg = 4077 kcal. The approximation to 3500 kcal is made on the basis that ‘adipose tissue' is not 100% fat (some water and some lean tissue). Hence to lose 1lb pure fat = 4077 kcal deficit, or 1lb fat tissue in the body = approx 3500kcal deficit. This equates to 500kcal per day to lose 1lb in a week. This has been supported by numerous studies using whole body calorimetry.” There were no sources put forward, for these “numerous studies”. I asked on 21 July and again on 11 August for “even one obesity study that proves this formula” and have received nothing back.
You can make 1lb = 2,843 calories or 3,752 calories without much effort. (This error could have a weight impact of a two stone loss or a six stone gain each year if any of this nonsense were true.) (Please see footnote for calculation).
The ASO member uses the word “approximation”, as do many references to the calorie formula, so there may be some acknowledgement of the number of variables. However, the diet advice that follows takes no account of this word “approximation”. If we take just one variation – the difference between 3,555 and 3,500 equates to five to six pounds a year (footnote). The NOF cautions that eating, or not eating, one biscuit a day could cause a person to gain, or lose, five pounds in a year. Well, the formula being inaccurate can also do this without any biscuit involvement at all. In fact, if 3,555 is correct and not 3,500 (notwithstanding the fact that there is no proof for either formula), this would have made a difference of 172 pounds over the past 30 years (the obesity epidemic period). Fortunately the error would be ‘in our favour' so we should have all been able to eat nearly 11,000 biscuits and get away with it, or be over 12 stone lighter.
The second reply from the ASO was ‘evidence' from NICE and a web link to the full NICE document Management of obesity: Full Guidance, December 2006. The specific proof offered was one study (Table 15.14) of 12 subjects, given a deficit of 600 calories a day, where the outcome was “a change of approximately -5 kg (95% CI -5.86kg to -4.75kg, range -0.40 kg to -7.80 kg) compared with usual care at 12 months. Median weight change across all studies was approximately -4.6 kg (range -0.60 kg to -7.20 kg) for a 600 kcal deficit diet or low-fat diet and +0.60 kg (range +2.40 kg to -1.30kg) for usual care”.
So, let me understand this, the people on the 600 calorie-a-day deficit (the NICE recommendation) were 5 kilograms (11 pounds) lighter than those not doing this “at 12 months.” Applying the basic maths formula, these 12 people should each have lost 600*365/3,500 = 62.57 pounds of fat. Not an ounce (of fat) more or less. AND, there should have been no range of results – everyone should have lost exactly the same (that's what happens with a mathematical formula). The least anyone lost (let's put it all into pounds) was 0.8 pounds and the most anyone lost was 17.2 pounds. Even the highest weight loss was 45 pounds lower than it should have been. This is also all about fat – we haven't even started looking at muscle or water loss. This is also a study of 12 people. There are 1.1 billion overweight people in the world and we can't prove a formula using 12 of them.
There were 15 other studies in Table 15.14, 10 of which had data for where a calorie deficit had been created over a specified period of time. This enabled me to analyse what the weight loss should have been (using the 3,500 formulae) and what the average weight loss actually was (from the study data). Again, in every single study, there was a wide range of results (which means that the formula failed per se). In all of the other ten studies, the actual weight loss was multiples away from what the weight loss should have been. The smallest gap between actual weight loss and ‘should have happened' weight loss (according to the formula) was 28.7 pounds (we continue to ignore water to try to give the formula a chance). At the other extreme, the biggest difference between the fat that should have been lost and the fat that was lost was 143.9 pounds.
Department of Health (DoH)
I was still digesting the immense implications of all this when the DoH reply arrived, on the 21 July, saying “The Department is unaware of the rationale behind the weight formula you refer to.” Pause for a second – the UK government Department of Health, has no idea where their founding piece of diet advice comes from. They kindly suggested another lead, (Dietitians in Obesity Management UK (DOM UK) – a specialist group of the British Dietetic Association), which I followed up on 24 July.
National Institute of Clinical Excellence (NICE)
I chased NICE on 27 July, as the 20 working days were ‘up' in my calendar. I appeared to have been passed between NHS and NICE during July and a helpful woman called me back to say they had found the right department to deal with the query. A couple of days later, the reply came “Whilst our guidance does contain reference to studies involving 500 calorie deficit diets we do not hold any information about the rationale behind the statement ‘one pound of fat contains 3,500 calories, so to lose 1lb a week you need a deficit of 500 calories a day'.” That is to say – although we are an evidence based organisation, we have no evidence.
Dieticians in Obesity Management (DOM)
On 10 August I received a response from DOM UK: “I have asked our members and this answer was returned. It's a mathematical equation, 1gram of fat is 9kcal, therefore 1kg fat equals 9000kcal. There are some losses but 1 lb of fat is approximately 4500kcal divide that by 7 days and its (sic) approximately 643kcal hence the deficit.” I went back to DOM UK, on the 10 August, to request an answer to the second part of the calorie theory – if that is how 600 calories is derived (and I have never before seen the 3,500 become 4,500), how can we then say with such confidence that each and every time this deficit is created one pound will be lost.
On the 18 August, I received a reply from one of the DOM UK Committee members: “My understanding is that it comes from the thermodynamics of nutrition, whereby one lb of fat is equivalent to 7000kcals, so to lose 1 lb of fat weight per week you would need an energy deficit of 7000kcals per week, or 500kcals a day. In or around that, depending on whether or not you use metric system and your clinical judgement, some people use a deficit of 600kcals a day and others 500kcals a day. There is good evidence that this level of deficit produces weight differences of approx 5kg at 1 year.”
This time the 3,500 deficit ‘needed' has doubled to ‘7,000' calories. Or, to put it another way, one pound of fat has become 7,000 calories. You can start to see what I have experienced as a researcher – how widely this formula is used as fact and yet how little it is understood and how few people know how to use their own ‘fact'.
So, in the example from Dietitians in Obesity Management, key proponents of the calorie formula, one year of a 600 calorie a day deficit will produce a weight loss of approximately 11 pounds – not the 62.5 pounds of fat alone that should be yielded.
When I pointed this out and suggested “I really think we need to fundamentally review the basis of current diet advice and stop saying ‘to lose 1lb of fat you need to create a deficit of 3500 calories'”, the final reply I got was “I guess a key to all of this is that weight loss doesn't appear to be linear, any more than weight gain is.”
At last, an admission that the formula has no basis of fact.
The organisations approached have been helpful and accessible, but none is able to explain where the 3,500 comes from, let alone to provide evidence of its validity.
A request
I have a simple and reasonable request. I would like proof of this formula – that it holds exactly every single time – or I would like it to be banished from all dietary advice worldwide.
Any proof needs to source the origin of the formula. Then the proof needs to hold in all cases. There needs to be overwhelming, irrefutable and consistent evidence that each and every time a deficit of 3,500 calories is created, one pound of fat is lost.
Since, we already have overwhelming evidence that such proof cannot be provided, it is not enough that we quietly stop using this formula – it is too widely assumed to be true for us to just sweep it under the carpet. We need to issue a public statement saying that it does not hold and should not be used again. We need to tell people that they will not lose one pound of fat for every deficit of 3,500 calories that they create. We need to tell people that there is no formula when it comes to weight loss and we have been wrong in giving people the hope that starvation will lead to the loss of 104 pounds each and every year, in fat alone.
Footnote
This calculation is done as follows: It assumes that a person can maintain weight at a daily intake of the calories assumed to equal one pound of fat. If we think one pound equals 3,500 calories and in fact one pound equals 2,843 calories, over a year, 657 ‘extra' calories a day, simply from the formula ‘being wrong', would add up to 239,805 extra calories and this, divided by 2,843 gives 84 pounds, or six stone. Adjust the calculations for women more typically maintaining at 2,000 calories a day and men more typically at 2,600 calories a day and the inaccuracy of the formula still creates wide disparity.
Well that was quite the 72 hours. On Monday afternoon came news of the departure of Denis Grebeshkov and the disc problems of Ladi Smid; on Tuesday prospect Cody Wild was sent packing; and today two more high priced defencemen left town while a third has developed a troubling medical condition. In return the Oilers acquired two maturing defencemen, three draft picks, a whole bunch of cap room, and possibly the worst defensive crew in the National Hockey League. Oh yeah, and a physical forward picked up on waivers. Not to mention a very welcome show of the long-rumoured but rarely-seen Katz Bucks.
The transactions:
Monday
Recall G Devan Dubnyk, D Taylor Chorney, and D Theo Peckham from Springfield Falcons
Announce D Ladislav Smid is out indefinitely with a bulging disc in their neck
Trade D Denis Grebeshkov to Nashville Predators for a 2010 2nd rounder
Tuesday
Trade D Cody Wild to Boston Bruins for F Matt Marquardt
Wednesday
Claim F Ryan Jones off waivers from Nashville
Trade D Lubomir Visnovsky to Anaheim Ducks for D Ryan Whitney and a 2010 6th rounder
Trade D Steve Staios to Calgary Flames (!!!) for D Aaron Johnson and a 2010 3rd rounder
Announce D Sheldon Souray is out for the rest of the season with a post-surgery infection in their hand
Recall D Johan Motin and D Mean Dean Arsene from SF
***
Analysis after the jump ...
Of the 6-man defensive unit that all agreed was the Oilers' strength heading into this season, three have been traded and two shelved with bad medical news since Monday. The early result will be that tonight the Oilers will likely ice the worse defensive unit that has hit the ice for an NHL team since late in the 2006-07 season, when the Oilers (natch) had to use the likes of Dan Syvret, Bryan Young, Sebastien Bisaillon, and Toby Petersen on the blue. Assuming neither Whitney nor Johnson makes it to Chicago on time, the Oilers will ice four guys who were in the AHL last Sunday. The Hawks, meanwhile, will ice four guys who played in the Olympic Gold Medal Game on Sunday.
It gets worse when you consider that putative 7th man Jason Strudwick is on the top pairing. "Mr. Reliable" has over 2/3 of the combined NHL experience of tonight's defensive group! Including the goalie!! Only purge-survivor Tom Gilbert can be considered a bona fide NHL defenceman as the Oil line up against the powerful Hawks. Two helpful tips: Take the "over" on the Oilers game. And take the "way over" on the next Springfield game. Of all the times they could have used Cody Wild ...
Of course the short term is the very least of Oilers concerns right now, and a cup o' coffee might be a beneficial thing for Arsene and Motin. Presumably it will be just the one game and Whitney and Johnson will be put to work as soon as they arrive. Chorney and Peckham on the other hand appear to be here for the duration given the bad medical news on Smid and Souray.
In the process the Oilers created some $6 MM in cap space, more than all of it on the blue. Gone are Visnovsky's $5.6 MM cap hit, Grebeshkov's $3.15, Staios' $2.7; in their place are Whitney's $4.0 and Johnson's $0.54, and up front, Jones' $0.975.
Most of the Katz Bucks were spent on the biggest transaction of the day. Both Visnovsky and Whitney have three years to run on their long-term pacts. Oddly, although Visnovsky's remaining cap hit is about $5 MM more than Whitney's, due to the unbalanced structure of both their contracts it is the latter who will be earning more actual money over that span. Visnovsky's contract was front-loaded with two years - their time here in other words - at $7.0 MM; then $6.0, $5.0, and $3.0 which is all Anaheim needs to pony up. Whitney's contract was just the reverse, paying them $2.5, $3.0, and $3.5 in the time before they got here, but scheduled to jump to $4.5, $5.0, and $5.5 over the three years that remain. Mr. Katz picked up the heavy end of both deals, outspending the actual cap hits by more than $5 million.
A further half a mill Katz Bucks were spent in the trade that unloaded sent Steve Staios to Calgary Flames of all teams. Staios was thought to be a tough move with another year to run on their $2.7 MM cap hit. That their actual salary was only $2.2 in another front-loaded deal might have made it a little easier to move, which they did for Johnson and a third rounder. A more than decent return. Johnson is a career 6/7 blueliner with a contract to match (!), although in Edmonton they will likely slip right into the top 4. UFA at season's end, they should be anxious to make a good impression, and I'm hopeful they might be a decent fit here. I anticipate we will find a surprisingly serviceable defenceman, with 206 NHL GP under their belt and a career +19 rating, all of it earned in 38 games in Chicago last season before the arrival of Niklas Hjalmarsson pushed them aside. Otherwise he's been a break even 14 minute a night guy for mostly crappy teams (CBJ, NYI, Calgary :).
Speaking of Calgary, this was indeed the very first ever trade between the two clubs. Certainly there have been a number of guys who played for both squads over the years - Grant Fuhr, Steve Smith, Kent Nilsson, Frank Musil, Fred Brathwaite - but the only time I ever remember a player proceeding directly from one team to the other was this guy, who was cut by the Flames and given a brief tryout by Glen Sather on a whim. Needless to say if they aren't good enough to make the Flames they certainly aren't good enough to make the 1983-84 Edmonton Oilers, so in a week or so was on their way home to Finland. If anybody can think of another example of a player who went directly from the Flames to the Oilers or vice versa please mention them in the comments ... they don't get much more obscure than Kari Jalonen, and he's all I got. Unless you want to count Curtis Glencross, I suppose.
And all that said, best wishes in (inhale) Calgary (exhale) to Steve Staios, a warrior if I ever saw one, a guy that gave everything they had pretty much every shift they played as an Edmonton Oiler. On the talent front that wasn't as much as demanding fans would like some nights, but on the effort meter I have nothing but respect and admiration for Steady Steve.
For all that huge flurry of activity on the blue line - 12 different blueliners listed in those transactions! - precious little was done up front. There was no subtraction whatsoever, while Marquardt was brought into the farm system and Jones into the NHL roster. They have a year to run at $975 K but cost nothing in the way of assets, and brings a few things the Oilers forward corps sorely needs, including size and aggression.
Indeed, size and relative youth was the common denominator of all of Edmonton's acquisitions. Jones, 25, is 6'1, 206; Johnson, 26, is 6'1, 211; Whitney, 27, is 6'4, 219. The three have 87, 206, and 335 GP respectively of NHL experience. Marquardt, described as a "project" at 22, is 6'3, 222. The Oilers didn't dump any smurfs other than Vis I guess, but they certainly didn't add any new ones. Moreover, they actually added a few pieces who are somewhere close to the middle of their careers, while seeing the backs of two guys whose best years are certainly behind them. Sad to see both go, but it's hard to argue with making the team younger, bigger, and cheaper. The draft picks don't hurt either.
I'm still somewhat baffled by the Grebeshkov deal and will definitely have to, uh, evaluate Ryan Whitney before declaring that trade a win, but overall there at least seems to be some semblance of a plan, albeit concentrated in one position. Overall I give Steve Tambellini a solid B-minus for their work this week.
James Brightman Editor, North America Monday 25th March 2013 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Ubisoft
Ubisoft, unlike other major publishers, has a tendency to jump on new platforms right at launch. The French publisher was one of the first out of the gate for Wii and they've been the biggest third-party to support Wii U. Putting your weight behind a new system that's just starting to build an installed base has its risks since there aren't as many consumers to potentially purchase a title that millions upon millions of dollars have been devoted to, but it's a strategy that Ubisoft believes in nonetheless. In a recent sit-down interview with Xavier Poix, head of Ubisoft France Studios, GamesIndustry International discussed this fire-first approach, preparing for next-gen and the struggles of the Wii U.
Poix oversees three studios and multiple key franchises for Ubisoft, including Just Dance, Rayman and Ghost Recon. To Ubisoft, these games are more than just games - they are hugely important brands, and Poix said that one of the key reasons their company looks to new consoles is that the new platforms enable Ubisoft to cultivate its brands and foster creativity.
"It's a long-term strategy for us. The first way it helps is you're starting very soon on the new system. When the others are just starting you'll be on your second or third iteration; that means productivity-wise when there is a new engine, etc. etc, you'll go faster. It's also a question of market share. Our goal on the Wii U-and we did that on the Wii as well-it's a great opportunity to create new brands because at this time people are expecting new stuff," they said.
"Selling a new way of playing can take some time, and we know the power of the brands from Nintendo and we know from the fans that the majority of what will be the system sellers are not yet available" Xavier Poix on Wii U
"If you arrive with good innovations supported by the console then you're potentially creating something really new to appeal to players and then you can build a brand upon it, like we did with Rabbids and a bit earlier with Just Dance, and like we did with Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter. On the other hand, you're speaking of big investments, everything depends on the console itself. On the Wii U for instance, the level of the Wii U hardware is a little bit higher than Xbox 360 or PS3, but it was more about using the new GamePad and finding new designs for games, asymmetrical etc."
Indeed, with the Wii U Ubisoft knew it was in for a challenge, just as Nintendo itself was. Communicating the value of the GamePad is not as easy as letting the mass market know about motion control and swinging a virtual tennis racket, for instance.
"One thing for sure we knew is that this new controller would be something harder to convey than the Wii, which was about the movements in your game, so we knew we needed to educate people around this GamePad idea. We strongly believe that people have not yet realized the importance of the gameplay that this can provide, but for sure they need the good games to support the system. And they need the installed base to gain more support, which is not the case yet," they noted. "For our games we really wanted to show the innovation. In ZombiU for instance, the players are really fond of the multiplayer mode because it's totally new; it's like one FPS player against an RTS player. On the second screen approach... We pushed the limits of that so it can be a real gameplay challenge to look at two screens."
While sales of Wii U games could be better, Poix insists that Ubisoft is pleased, relative to the number of consoles out there, that is. Nintendo simply needs more system-selling titles, and Poix believes Rayman will be one of those. "We don't have any disappointments compared to the installed base. We are just hoping that Nintendo's results for Wii U will be a bit bigger, like Iwata-san said," they commented. "Selling a new way of playing can take some time, and we know the power of the brands from Nintendo and we know from the fans that the majority of what will be the system sellers are not yet available. And on our side, Rayman will be one of them for sure. We really expect Rayman to be a huge system seller on the console."
While the Wii U marketplace has already taken shape, for better or worse, Sony's PlayStation 4 is shipping this holiday and soon we'll be hearing about a next-gen Xbox. The prospect of more new consoles, especially those with more horsepower, has Poix visibly excited.
"We love to build games on new consoles, so we are preparing ourselves for any potential new systems that are coming. It's really a matter of finding a good brand and does it make sense to put it on this system or this system? Either it's an existing brand or it's not, then we have to figure out what kind of brand needs to be created on the system as an opportunity," they said.
"If you compare what we had at the launch of Xbox 360 and what we have today it feels like a new generation" Xavier Poix
Based on what we all saw at Sony's PS4 unveiling, it's clear that the visual jump from current-gen to next-gen isn't of the same magnitude as previous console transitions, but that doesn't mean we're necessarily seeing diminishing returns when it comes to graphics. As far as Poix is concerned, a number of game developers will seek out the highest fidelity visuals possible, and there will be plenty of gamers with an appetite for those experiences. In fact, Poix is eagerly anticipating the arrival of 4K televisions and is hoping developers will be able to leverage that technology for more immersive games.
"There is always an appetite for more beautiful, better animated games," they said. But graphics only tell one small part of the next-gen story. "It's not just about graphics, it's about what you can do with this new power. For sure we have some more room. Even with Watch Dogs, at the end of a cycle we are showing something that's really breathtaking. So there is an evolution even during the cycle, because we know how to handle the console. We learn and our programmers do an excellent job optimizing lots of stuff; if you compare what we had at the launch of Xbox 360 and what we have today it feels like a new generation."
"So we feel the difference will be huge at some point, and it will touch the limits of the TV itself in terms of lines of resolution. So we might need new TVs like the new 4K. We're very excited for 4K or anything that brings a new experience and new emotions to players... But it's more than the visuals, the power of the machine itself and the memory will allow developers to bring more and more into the game. We'll see more animations, more sounds, bigger maps, many more AI powered characters. So, no, we're not finished yet," they added.
"I didn't get the Guitar Hero stuff... It was just a fad. We have based our game on the most multicultural and widely accepted activity, which is dancing; I don't see dancing disappearing" Xavier Poix
Poix believes that the upcoming consoles will fit perfectly with Ubisoft's desire to continue to build up its brands. "Of course we are taking risks, but we have a strategy of building brands. And once a brand is there, and it has engaged the fans, it's earned its place on the market and usually with limited competition. And we want the brand to remain at a certain level and remain very creative, bringing new features all the time to players. In this case it's no more a risk - it's an investment in the future," they said.
Sometimes the strategy isn't about building up new IP, but reinvigorating old ones. The newest Far Cry stands as a good example. Far Cry 3 was a brilliant game, and there's no denying that Ubisoft has breathed new life into that franchise now. "Far Cry really showed what's possible - it's a brand that's had ongoing success with a lot of fans but Far Cry 2 was a little disappointing for internal sales. The team has really done a huge, huge job in pushing the limits of the quality, so now we have a game that's very fresh on the market. So this is a reinvigorated brand for Ubisoft. There is risk in revamping a brand, but once it pays for the long-term," Poix said.
One brand that Poix is particularly proud of is Just Dance, which has managed to sell over 40 million units globally so far. And no, Ubisoft isn't out of ideas for the dancing game, Poix said. They fully believe it can last a long, long time, unlike the guitar games of years past.
"I am very confident about Just Dance, and I think it will grow in the future. I think the new systems will help us find new ideas to connect people together more in the dance genre, and also to propose many more challenges. We'll have more to disclose one day, but to compare it to games that fade away, I don't want to be rude but it's not based on an accessory. Those games were based on accessories, they were based on toys," they said, alluding to Activision's once popular Guitar Hero franchise.
"I didn't get the Guitar Hero stuff, but I'm a guitarist. It was just a fad. We have based our game on the most multicultural and widely accepted activity, which is dancing; I don't see dancing disappearing. The only issue will be if we don't bring new features to players, new ways of enjoying dancing with friends, to connect with them. I see a very bright future for Just Dance. Also, the music industry won't stop creating new hits every year and we'll be there with those on our games."
TAMPA—So I was sitting in the Tampa Bay Times Forum the other night and I was confused because on the big screens over the arena they kept playing video segments that, at first blush, looked and sounded like those classic Barack Obama ads from 2008—there was the upbeat background music, afternoon-light shots of American vistas, and over it all, their disembodied voice in its most exhortatory mode. And here's what they said:
Look, if you've been successful, you didn't get there on your own. You didn't get there on your own. I'm always struck by people who think, well, it must be because I was just so smart. There are a lot of smart people out there. It must be because I worked harder than everybody else. Let me tell you something—if you've got a business—you didn't build that.
The crowd roared in delirious disapproval, because this was of course not an Obama ad but a sort of mirror image of one, held up to mock the man. This, after all, was Obama's notorious riff from a stump speech last month in Roanoke, Va., when they tried to echo Elizabeth Warren's viral YouTube riff last year about how "there is nobody in this country who got rich on their own." But, wait a second, I thought—was this clip I was hearing boomed into the hall, over and over, really what Obama had said? I looked it up again to be sure. And here's what they said in Roanoke.
Look, if you've been successful, you didn't get there on your own. You didn't get there on your own. I'm always struck by people who think, well, it must be because I was just so smart. There are a lot of smart people out there. It must be because I worked harder than everybody else. Let me tell you something—there are a whole bunch of hardworking people out there. If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help. There was a great teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business—you didn't build that.
The lines that I've put in bold here? They were gone from the clip. The riff simply flowed past where they had been, with not a ripple to signal the elision. It was exceedingly artful—the surgeons had even retained the first clause from one of the excised lines in order to strengthen the key final line. It was, I recalled, what had been done with Obama's riff when it was used in campaign ads and Fox News clips in the weeks after they said it; in fact, just a few hours earlier I'd seen Fox News play just the most damning final line. And here it was, the longer, spliced-together riff, being piped into this hall with a captive audience of thousands.
This struck me as rather irksome. See, I'm a journalist, and I work with words, and it's always bothered me when anyone uses, or plays with, words to knowingly deceive others. But from what I could tell, my disquiet was not necessarily shared by my colleagues in the press risers, who mostly remained bent over their laptops, seemingly oblivious to the incessant video loop. This surprised me—after all, while campaigns often took words out of context, they rarely built entire convention themes out of such tricks (the Democrats had chortled for a few weeks over Romney's less-bad-in-context remark that they liked "being able to fire people," but they had never constructed an entire ad campaign around it.) Whereas this brazen editing of Obama's riff seemed very much in keeping with the Romney campaign's equally brazen declaration that the Obama administration is doing away with the welfare work requirement.
Super Bowl week in the year's host city -- for this iteration, Houston -- is annually a hive of activity, excitement and seemingly unending media attention.
Look around and you'll likely see at least a few current NFL players taking in the sights, sounds and festivities among football royalty and almost anyone who's anyone. At least one player is already tired of it.
"I'm unfortunately used to it," Jaguars wide receiver Allen Robinson told the Jaguars' official website Friday afternoon. "I'd much rather be playing than going through the media row aspects of it, but it is what it is."
Robinson's Jaguars were preseason favorites to make a big leap, from mediocrity to head of the AFC South. Things went in the opposite direction. Head coach Gus Bradley was fired in the midst of a 3-13 season, Jacksonville's offensive struggles dropped Robinson's output from 1,400 yards receiving and 14 touchdowns in 2015 to 883 yards and six scores in 2016, and they now find themselves doing the Radio Row tour during the first week of February instead of playing in the game.
As Herm Edwards once said, you play to win the game. No one wants to lose, and to be on vacation instead of playing for the ultimate prize in football: the Lombardi Trophy. Many probably feel this way, even if they won't admit as much. Just this week, Falcons center Alex Mack, upcoming Super Bowl LI participant, wasn't shy about how losing drove them out of Cleveland to Atlanta.
For the Jaguars to become the Falcons of the AFC in 2017 and beyond, plenty more needs to happen than just a few acquisitions. Actually, on paper, the roster isn't that bad. Robinson says it begins with a much-needed culture change.
"That's something that we need," Robinson, a third-year pro, said. "We have to come in here about business and about changing this thing. If we really want to change this thing, we have to have a serious approach about it. From talking to the guys, that's something everyone is serious about.
"That starts now. Every day we set foot in that facility -- to work out, to get treatment, whatever -- it's all about business."
Doug Marrone is back as a head coach after jumping ship from Buffalo to nowhere (he eventually landed in Jacksonville as offensive line and assistant head coach) after the 2014 season. Robinson said the new coach, who spent the final two weeks of the 2016 season as the interim head coach, will make things "uncomfortable" for the players, which is what Robinson says will be a welcome change.
It would surely beat comfortably strolling around Radio Row before Super Bowl LII and beyond.
The New York Giants will introduce three new members to their Ring of Honor this coming season, announcing on Tuesday morning that Tom Coughlin, Justin Tuck and Ernie Accorsi will all be enshrined.
The trio will be honored at halftime of the team's November 14 game against the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday Night Football.
Coughlin will become the fourth coach enshrined in the Ring of Honor, while Accorsi will become only the second General Manager to receive the honor — George Young being the first.
“It was a great privilege to be the 16th head coach of the New York Giants, and it's a privilege and a tremendous honor to be a part of those great names in Giant folklore that are in the Ring of Honor,” Coughlin told Giants.com. “It's something Judy, my family and I very much appreciate. The New York Giants, to me, is the greatest franchise in the history of the NFL. We recognize the long history of the Giants and the greatest city in the world, the tremendous coaches and players that have represented the Giants over the years. It's a great honor to be included in the same breath with some of these prestigious former players and coaches.”
Meanwhile, Tuck will become the sixth defensive end added to the Ring of Honor, joining their good friend Osi Umenyiora, who had their moment in the sun a season ago.
“It's a great honor,” Tuck said. “Anytime something like this is bestowed upon a person, you have to consider all the other guys up there, all the people that have paved the way for a small-town kid like me to have the opportunity to be put up in the rafters by what I consider to be the greatest football franchise there is. I don't think it's dawned on me yet how big a deal it is, but I'm sure that night there will be some emotions that come out and be very visible. I'm very, very excited about it.”
Coughlin took over as the Giants' head coach prior to the 2004 season and helped lead the team to two Super Bowl championships during their tenure. They “stepped down” earlier this year after missing the Playoffs for the fourth consecutive season.
Related New York Giants hard at work improving their deep passing game
Tuck, a third-round draft pick in 2005, spent nine years with the Giants and developed into a Pro Bowl talent and defensive captain. They joined the Oakland Raiders in 2014, but ultimately signed a one-day contract and retired as a member of the Giants in February.
Accorsi was the team's General Manager from 1998-2006 and is primarily responsible for the Draft Day trade that landed them quarterback Eli Manning. They helped set the Giants up for a solid four-year run beginning in 2007 and was even given a Super Bowl XLII ring for their efforts.
All three are more than deserving and Giants fans will no doubt be anxious to celebrate with them.
On February 27th, 2016, the Southwest Tea Festival was born as the weather guaranteed a bright day to shine through the skylight on the vintage Downtown 3rd Street's Farmer's Market building. Local vendors, musicians, and tea experts shared their wares and creativity to over 600 hundred attendees. The excitement was evident in the spirit of the local participants and those visiting from California, Arizona, and many other states. The iconic downtown building was filled to its limit with people and energy around tea, music, and niche crafts.
Tea products were available for sale from Las Vegas companies Tealet, Joy's Teaspoon, The Tea Shack, Tea Folks, Desert Breeze Afternoon Tea, and Little Candle Tea Company. Other tea companies from the Southwest brought their wares such as Hankook Tea, Ringtons, Teasopia, T&Co., and Waterfall Tea Company. Support was provided by tea culture and education organizations ITMA, Las Vegas Tea Club, Clay Arts Vegas, and Sky Ceramics. To help participants have a visual memory of the event, support was provided by Lavendar Llama who provided the sign art and Viva Photo Booth, where participants could go with their friends on a journey to the tea mountains of Nepal or on a gongfu tea table.
Every second of the festival was filled with conscious live music. A full lineup of the music can be seen here. The headlining performer was Youssoupha Sidibe, a Grammy nominated kora player that plays a sacred blend of Sufi and contemporary music. Other highlights were local favorites the Unifield Tribal Theory, City Folk, and The Rifleman. With all the dancing and movement, it was great to stretch it out with three different yoga sessions provided by local instructors Billy Hoveke, Kayla McLeod, and Marija Minic.
In addition to tea tastings and vendors, attendees were also fortunate to learn about tea direct from experts. The Las Vegas Tea Club did both a gongfu tea ceremony and a meditative Wuwo ceremony where attendees got to see the silent and intimate sharing of tea. Throughout the day there was a series of presentations that ranged from the growing of tea to the appreciation of tea.
Direct Trade Tea
A long road to the dense jungles of foreign countries seemed to place itself right in front of the audience at the Southwest Tea Festival as Elyse Petersen shared their experience from their ventures as a food scientist turned Peace Corps volunteer. Them speech was an intense subject of transparency, product handling from the producer to the consumer, quality control, health benefits, and the origins of raw tea materials. A full and robust communication gave the acute listeners a handle on what's happening behind the scenes. They shared the good news that the situation can change for the good if all appreciate “the value of the connection that we all have with the origin.” Petersen is also concerned with solutions for the future in the Global Tea Industry. They inspire change by uncovering the truth about large tea corporations and working to resolve the differences by sharing extensive knowledge of the supply chain.
The Sensuality of Tea
James Orr sets their tea discussion on a lighter topic using the basics; sex and comic relief. They freely discussed a diverse topic guided by sensual humor. They started first by explaining the consumption and aging of tea in comparison to wine; explaining the tea ritual by using many sensory descriptions. They also paralleled the two artist agricultural products thru the connection of people with the tea ceremony. Just as wine can affect our senses, tea can heighten our senses and can be used for social benefits that were all poetically described in their talk. James is reminiscent of the musings of James Norwood Pratt, always fast to compare their love for tea with that of wine and tobacco.
US Grown Tea
Rie Tulali, Media Coordinator of the US League of Tea Growers (USLTG), educated attendees about current and future tea farming in America. The USLTG is a three year old small niche group of growers and advocates excited about tea education, production, and supplication of tea. Rie had the audience asking, “Where's our organic material coming from?” They spoke on tea farms in Texas and Louisiana that have received inspiration and resources from the more experienced Japan or China. They told the story of tea growing in Hawaii where the growing culture is much different than traditional tea from places like China and Japan. A fine example was Bob Jacobson who plants their tea ‘Spring White' in harmony with the rainforest to preserve the fertile biodiversity. By speaking of growing tea in the US Rie helped make tea education more relatable as it was simplified and less exotically subjected.
Match – Fact & Fiction
Noli Ergas of Sugimoto America is an experienced seller of matcha tea, so it is no surprise that they were able to give the Southwest Tea Festival audience a solid knowledge of the powdered Japanese green tea as well as dispel several myths. Their presentation was a fun mixture of comedy as well as science-based facts of the beverage that is quickly growing in popularity in Las Vegas and the rest of the US. We learned that matcha must come from shade-grown tencha from Japan. There is a lot of “matcha” in our cups that may not be this and could be depleting us of the true health benefits of real matcha. Immediately following their presentation they did a demonstration to show the proper ways to brew and enjoy rich Japanese green teas.
By the end of the Southwest Tea Festival there were smiles all around as attendees got to experience what tea culture is all about. The spirit of the festival was community as you could see from the grassroots infrastructure and lack of commercial sponsors. Vendors were sold out of product by the end of the day and attendees left satisfied with their new-found tea knowledge. It won't be a surprise to see this event growing much larger in the coming years and February 27, 2016 was just the start of this community!
Canada is set to unveil plans to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the year - but the offer could be limited to women, children and families, it has been claimed.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is due to announce their plan today and says all ten of Canada's provincial premiers support the numbers they are suggesting.
Details of exactly how the refugees will be brought over and where they will be housed are expected to be announced Tuesday.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (pictured with students at a school in Ottawa) is due to announce their plan today and says all 10 of Canada's provincial premiers support the numbers they are suggesting
There are claims unaccompanied male refugees will not be part of the program amid ongoing concerns over security and that the intake will only include women, children and families
But CBC News says it has learned that unaccompanied male refugees will not be part of the program amid ongoing concerns over security and that the intake will only include women, children and families.
The Globe and Mail says plane loads of refugees will start landing in Canada as early as next week with as many as a thousand a day arriving in Toronto and Montreal over the next few weeks.
Trudeau hasn't backed down from a pledge to bring 25,000 Syrian refugees to Canada by December 31 despite pushback by some following the deadly attacks in Paris.
'Everyone agrees that Canada must do more and must welcome 25,000 refugees,' Trudeau said after meeting with provincial leaders late Monday.
Tuesday's announcement is sure to raise alarm in the U.S. where many Republican governors have said they don't want any Syrian refugees.
Trudeau said robust security screening continues to be a high priority.
Quebec Premier Phillipe Couillard said accepting refugees and immigrants is part of Canadian tradition.
Trudeau (pictured with Barack Obama) hasn't backed down from a pledge to bring 25,000 Syrian refugees to Canada by December 31 despite pushback by some following the deadly attacks in Paris
'There was no one sitting at the table that is not interested in seeing refugees come,' Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne said.
Immigration Minister John McCallum said they spoke to Canada's big city mayors about how they can help resettle the refugees.
Canada has long prided itself on opening its doors wider than any nation to asylum seekers.
In times of crisis in decades past, Canada resettled refugees quickly and in large numbers. It airlifted more than 5,000 people from Kosovo in the late 1990s, more than 5,000 from Uganda in 1972 and resettled 60,000 Vietnamese in 1979-80. More than 1.2 million refugees have arrived in Canada since World War II.
Former Conservative Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who lost the October 19 election to Trudeau, had declined to resettle more Syrian refugees, despite the haunting image of a drowned three-year-old boy washed up on a Turkish beach that focused global attention on the migrant crisis stemming from the civil war.
The boy had relatives in Canada and the refugee crisis became a major campaign issue.
Brad Wall, the Conservative premier of Saskatchewan province, said they have problems with the deadline of December 31 for security reasons, but believes Canada should welcome the refugees.
Brett Favre milled around during pregame warmups Monday night looking every bit like a 41-year-old man.
Dressed in black warmups with a winter hat on indoors, Favre seemed a little lost. They often kept their hands in their pocket, perhaps to cover their somewhat hideous purple right hand. (Favre's hand is reportedly numb.) Sitting out is a new experience for him, and it sounds like one he's going to have to get used to.
ESPN's Ed Werder reported that it's very “possible/likely” the Vikings will place Favre on injured reserve. Troy Aikman of FOX also casually mentioned that Tarvaris Jackson would likely remain the Vikings starting quarterback through the end of the season.
We have had our fun with Favre on PFT, but their consecutive games streak is an incredible achievement worthy of celebration. Unfortunately, the end of the streak is more sad than joyous, whether you are a Favre fan or not.
Favre's career — especially their 2009 season — defied expectations. But this season has been sadly, strangely familiar.
The end for great quarterbacks is almost never pretty.
When Topher Grace graduated up the Hollywood chain and started adding producer credits to their resume, it dawned on them that they had little idea what went on once their duties in front of the camera were complete. After giving what turned out to be some bad notes to an editor, Grace, 35, realized that they needed to enhance their film education, pronto.
“I'd never been in editing before, and as with a lot of actors, you shoot the movie and go, ‘What took you guys so long?' at the premiere,” Grace told TheWrap. “And once you're editing, you go, ‘Oh my God, there's so much work to be done.' I felt so bad that I started getting into editing.”
The result was what ultimately became their new website, CerealPrize.com, a compendium of all things Grace, including abbreviated versions of cult movies.
Also read: Donald Sutherland, Ellen Burstyn Join Susan Sarandon, Topher Grace in ‘The Calling' (Exclusive)
Their first major project was a re-cut of the second “Star Wars” trilogy, for which they winnowed down three massive films into a tidy, 85-minute adventure. They did it on a lark, choosing the prequels because they needed a ton of footage (and, as they say, the trilogy “only had one good movie” in it combined). When they were done, they held a screening of the finished product for some bloggers in Los Angeles.
Given the venom felt toward the second of George Lucas‘ trilogies, and the fact that many bloggers gave favorable reviews to the ultra-slimmed story of Anakin Skywalker, the screening became a topic of considerable conversation. Grace wasn't on Twitter, though, and realized that they needed a way to join in the conversation.
“I thought, I'm just not witty enough to write something in 140 characters,” they admit. “Here I can say, in 140 characters or a Facebook post, ‘Hey, come to my room every day and hang out, and I'll have something cool to share.' And I like doing original stuff, a lot of it is just calling attention to stuff I like.”
Also read: Topher Grace in Talks for Supporting Role in Christopher Nolan's ‘Interstellar'
Right now the site is populated with old and un-produced scripts, lost pilots, short films, funny edited images, and other pop culture ephemera. Also, more of those re-cut films. First up: A trailer-length cut of the Brock Landers porn films from “Boogie Nights,” which featured star Mark Wahlberg (as Dirk Diggler) — and John C. Reilly (Reed Rothchild) as gun-slinging sex machines; much of the footage came from the DVD extras.
Grace released their latest creation (below) exclusively to TheWrap.
While they didn't consult “Boogie Nights” director Paul Thomas Anderson, Grace says, “I can't wait to hear from some of these filmmakers,” and that it'd be their dream to have some of the directors of their re-cut movies at their screenings. Consider that an invitation to Steven Spielberg; one of Grace's next big “premieres” will be a new version of “Close Encounters of the Third Kind,” which will feature a “remix,” as they call it, of the many different alternate versions of that film.
Also read: Taylor Lautner to Play Dirk Diggler in Jason Reitman's ‘Boogie Nights' Live-Reading (Exclusive)
Another film Grace has heavily tweaked is Joe Wright's 2007 drama “Atonement,” which they whittled down to 20 minutes and gave a happy ending.
“It's all done out of reverence for the material, none of it is done to make fun of the stuff,” they said.
The one major rule for the actor — and they are still primarily an actor, with roles in Christopher Nolan's “Interstellar” and the Aubrey Plaza-Chris Evans comedy “A Many Splintered Thing” on the way — is that they won't re-cut projects in which he's appeared. That includes the show that made them famous, “That '70s Show.”
“It's a little self-centered and also very hard when you're in it, because you have a vain opinion of the actor in it,” they explain. “That's why, I could have gotten my hands on films I'd been in and cut them, but the reason I want to do other films is, you're really thinking about the whole two hour experience, not one performer in it.”
Also read: Topher Grace, Sarah Silverman and Patti LuPone Join Lorne Michaels' HBO Pilot ‘People in New Jersey'
CerealPrize.com will offer one new post per day, making it a low-commitment endeavor that Grace still says will provide a more natural approximation of their personality and communication with fans.
“There are kinds of a couple ways to have a communication with the audience if you're not in a film,” they say. “If you're in a film, that's coming out — we all know what Jennifer Lawrence is up to. The studio is essentially paying $100 million, multiple studios in that case, to have us think about them all the time. And if you're between films, people have turned to social media. There are other ways to do it, you can date someone publicly, you could be a spokesperson for something, you could be a fashionista and be on the red carpet. That just wasn't working exactly right for me.”
Watch Topher Grace's “Boogie Nights” re-cut here:
The turning point during World War II came on June 6, 1944 when the Allies launched 150,000 troops onto the beaches of Normandy and established a beachhead in France. For the high def format wars, D-Day is likely January 4, 2008, when Warner Bros. announced their decision to discontinue support for the HD DVD format and exclusively support Blu-ray disc.
Blu-ray has been ahead in software sales for some time, typically by a margin of 2:1 or 3:1 (depending on the week), but because of Toshiba's aggressive pricing strategy, HD DVD had been holding on in the hardware front. According to Warner's press release, the crucial holiday season showed that even the hardware trend had been reversed, despite Blu-ray's $100 price premium over its most formidable competitor.
Back in June and August of 2007, I had provided some analysis of how the format wars stood from a box office perspective. The initial analysis was done more to satisfy my own curiosity, but turned out to be quite popular. When Paramount/Dreamworks announced they were switching exclusively to HD DVD in August, I provided an update so the impact could be understood. I am now providing another update, in order to understand the impact of the Warner Bros. decision.
A few items of note:
films DIRECTED by Steven Spielberg are captured as format neutral, with the exception of Close Encounters (which is captured as Blu-ray exclusive because it is currently available only on Blu-ray, and has been advertised as Blu-ray exclusive). This is to recognize that when the HD DVD group has tried to advertise any Spielberg films as HD DVD exclusive (twice, so far), Spielberg has required them to publicly acknowledge that their films are not exclusive to HD DVD. Films produced or executive produced by Spielberg are assigned based on the studio that released the film, as the public acknowledgments have only covered films they directed.
I have included films from Warner Bros. subsidiaries (e.g. New Line) as Blu-ray exclusive. I realize the “official” announcements have not come from these subsidiaries as of this writing, but realistically, it's only a matter of time (the wholly-owned subsidiary doesn't stray from the path of the parent company).
Up until this point, Warner has been the Switzerland of the format war, choosing to remain neutral and allowing consumers to decide which format best suited their needs. The official reasons they changed that stance are highlighted in their press release:
In response to consumer demand, Warner Bros. Entertainment will release its high-definition DVD titles exclusively in the Blu-ray disc format beginning later this year, it was announced today by Barry Meyer, Chairman & CEO, Warner Bros. and Kevin Tsujihara, President, Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group.
“Warner Bros.' move to exclusively release in the Blu-ray disc format is a strategic decision focused on the long term and the most direct way to give consumers what they want,” said Meyer. “The window of opportunity for high-definition DVD could be missed if format confusion continues to linger. We believe that exclusively distributing in Blu-ray will further the potential for mass market success and ultimately benefit retailers, producers, and most importantly, consumers.”
Warner Home Video will continue to release its titles in standard DVD format and Blu-ray. After a short window following their standard DVD and Blu-ray releases, all new titles will continue to be released in HD DVD until the end of May 2008.
“Warner Bros. has produced in both high-definition formats in an effort to provide consumer choice, foster mainstream adoption and drive down hardware prices,” said Jeff Bewkes, President and Chief Executive Officer, Time Warner Inc., the parent company of Warner Bros. Entertainment. “Today's decision by Warner Bros. to distribute in a single format comes at the right time and is the best decision both for consumers and Time Warner.”
There also lots of rumors and speculation that Warner received a large payout from the Blu-ray disc association to go exclusive, but there has been no confirmation of that. Having said that, it's public knowledge that both the HD DVD and Blu-ray camps have been courting Warner to go exclusive to their side.
Warner home entertainment president Kevin Tsujihara responded to High Def Digest, claiming “This [decision] was one hundred percent around what makes the most sense for the consumer, the retailer and the industry. This was not a bidding war. This was all about what was best, strategically, for us.” According to the story, Tsujihara flatly denied rumors that the studio had accepted money in exchange for dropping its HD DVD format support. Warner is also concerned that the standard definition DVD market is beginning to decline, and without an immediate successor, their bottom line is at significant risk from people waiting out the format war and not buying films in any format (including DVD).
What Warner hasn't said though, though, is that it did not receive non-cash payments like promotional considerations, manufacturing discounts, etc. Having said that, the momentum has been with Blu-ray since Sony launched its Blu-ray equipped PS3 in November of 2006, and at no point throughout 2007 did HD DVD discs outsell their Blu-ray counterpart (even in weeks when high profile HD DVD exclusives like Transformers and Shrek 3 were launched). If Warner's intent was to indeed bring as quick an end to the format war as possible, this move is the best one they could make.
In my prior pieces on this subject, I compared box office grosses to the format preference of the studios they came from. This piece is no different, but given the size of Warner Bros. and the strength of their library, the impact of this move is far greater than when Paramount/Dreamworks moved to HD DVD last August.
To put things in perspective, of the 100 highest grossing films of 2007, 22 came from Warner affiliated studios, representing 21.8% of the total grosses of the top 100 films. Paramount and Dreamworks accounted for 13 of the top films, for 17.2% of the total gross. From an overall perspective, this means that Blu-ray has 70% of the total gross, while HD DVD has 30%. There are now no films in the top 100 from 2007 from studios that support both formats.
Looking into all time grosses, the picture is very similar to that of 2007. Of the top 100 grossing films of all time, 25 films representing 23.8% of the grosses come from Warner. 16 films, representing 15.6% of the grosses come from Paramount or Dreamworks. When the “Spielberg factor” is taken into account, the HD DVD exclusive releases from Paramount/Dreamworks represent 12 films at 12.1% of the total grosses of the top 100 films of all time (never underestimate the power of the world's highest grossing director).
If the picture is adjusted for inflation, the top 100 films (inflation adjusted) show 10 films from Warner, representing 8.8% of the adjusted gross. Paramount/Dreamworks show 18 films, representing 17.9% of the gross. Take Spielberg into account, and the Paramount/Dreamworks slice of the pie drops to 15 films representing 15.1% of the gross.
Spielberg is responsible for 28.5% of the total grosses associated with films that could be released on HD DVD (assuming Spielberg decides to release films they directed for Paramount or Dreamworks on both HD formats). Their percentage of the Blu-ray grosses is around 10%.
One other common argument from many observers is that neither format will be relevant in the long run, and that digital downloads are the way of the future. Those people are ahead of themselves. Digital downloads are nowhere near ready for prime time, just based on the fact that there is no standardized platform for delivery of them. They could do damage to the rental market in the short term (XBox Live video rentals, iTunes, Cable VOD services, Amazon Unbox, etc.), but as a standardized platform for owning films, downloads have a long way to go. The downloads are too big, broadband internet service isn't pervasive enough, the quality isn't good enough, there are too many competing “standards”, and it's too difficult for the average consumer to get downloads onto their television set, and that doesn't even mention the content availability issue. These are all issues that will sort themselves out over time, but physical media is here for at least another decade.
As it stands now, Blu-ray has about 77% of the top 100 grossing films of all time available to their format (when they're released is another issue, but that's a matter of market penetration). HD DVD has about 29%. The “dual format” overlap is just about entirely from Steven Spielberg's film catalog, and they appear to prefer Blu-ray (given the fact that they forced Paramount/Dreamworks to exclude their films from their exclusivity agreement with HD DVD and that the only Spielberg film available on either format is exclusive to Blu-ray). If Spielberg decides they won't release any of films on HD DVD at all, then the HD DVD portion of all-time grosses (inflation adjusted or not), drops to 21%.
Make no mistake about it, this move by Warner all but ensures that Blu-ray will be the next dominant home video standard. Retailers will begin making more space for Blu-ray discs by taking away HD DVD, and much like DVD killed VHS (and VHS killed Beta), the momentum will shift in Blu-ray's favor until HD DVD is pushed off the market as the format to replace DVD.
It is possible that Blu-ray may never be as popular as standard definition DVD (given that DVD is the most successful home video format in history), but by effectively killing HD DVD, Warner has ensured that high-def at home will be a reality for some years to come. Then, when the time comes that digital downloads truly are ready for prime-time, Warner will be waiting to sell us their content all over again.
Social media is abuzz after CNN labeled Ukrainian forces involved in Kiev's deadly military operation in the country's southeast as “pro-US troops.” Online comments are calling it a Freudian slip, claiming it unmasks the true agenda behind the conflict.
The headline during CNN's Monday segment, dedicated to talks between Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel on the resolution of the Ukraine crisis, read: “Obama considers arming pro-US troops.”
READ MORE: Mission improbable: Merkel visits US to sell Ukraine peace plan
It was referring to the US president's request to their team to consider the possibility of supplying lethal defense weapons to the Ukrainian government.
The text scrolled for several minutes before and during CNN's Carol Costello interview with Lt. Col. James Reese on Monday morning.
@dmitry_linnik The mask slips Now CNN is calling Ukrainian Army as pro-U.S. troops. pic.twitter.com/8PC7qi3ZwK — hossam Ahmed (@hossama0901) February 9, 2015
CNN's blunder was immediately noticed by viewers – many of whom began sharing the screenshot on Twitter, calling it a “Freudian slip” and commenting that “the mask slips.”
One person said it was “the stupidest thing I've seen today.”
The definition of Kiev forces as “pro-US troops” looks to be a perfect contrast to the term “pro-Russian rebels,” which is used by Western media to refer to the militias in Ukraine's southeastern Donetsk and Lugansk Regions. Western media outlets claim the regions are receiving direct support from Russia.
Well there's even too accurate Freudian slip. ;) @russian_market: CNN is calling #Ukrainian Army as pro-U.S. troops. pic.twitter.com/O90ZZNg2k7 — Harri K. (@HVKarpen) February 9, 2015
Moscow has repeatedly stated that it is not part of the Ukraine conflict. Meanwhile, the US and EU have been unable to back their accusations that Russia is supporting and arming the rebels.
Last week, Stephen Cohen, professor emeritus of Russian studies and politics at New York University and Princeton University, called the Ukraine conflict a proxy war between Russia and the US-led NATO bloc.
“A political dispute in Ukraine became a Ukrainian civil war. Russia backed one side; the United States and NATO, the other. So it's not only a new Cold War, it's a proxy war,” Cohen told Russia Insider.
this takes the cake for stupidest thing i have seen today MT @moneyries So we're calling them pro-U.S. troops now pic.twitter.com/CQ7JBGlQvk — Megan Specia (@meganspecia) February 9, 2015
The Ukraine conflict began last April, when Kiev sent regular forces and volunteer battalions to the southeastern Donetsk and Lugansk regions, after rebels there refused to recognize the country's new, coup-imposed authorities. The civil war has so far claimed the lives of 5,300 people, according to the UN.
In a 1981 article in Science Digest , Duane Gish, the master debater among creationists, said:
There were no human witnesses to the origin of the Universe, the origin of life or the origin of a single living thing. These were unique, unrepeatable events of the past that cannot be observed in nature or repeated in the laboratory. Thus neither creation nor evolution qualifies as a scientific theory and each is equally religious. As the scientific philosopher Sir Karl Popper has stated, evolution is not a testable scientific theory but a metaphysical research program. [Asimov and Gish, p. 82]
The most direct rebuttal one can give to these charges is that Gish and other creationists really don't believe them! The underlying point of the above quotation is that evolution is unscientific because it is not falsifiable (testable), yet creationists are always producing arguments and "evidences" that they say refute evolution. Gish does it in the article quoted above. In spite of that obvious contradiction, the argument impresses laypeople and legislators. But it completely distorts what Popper calls the logic of scientific discovery.
- page 10 -
So what does Popper really say about evolution?
Indeed, the recent vogue of historicism might be regarded as merely part of the vogue of evolutionism—a philosophy that owes its influence largely to the somewhat sensational clash between a brilliant scientific hypothesis concerning the history of the various species of animals and plants on earth, and an older metaphysical theory which, incidentally, happened to be part of an established religious belief. What we call the evolutionary hypothesis is an explanation of a host of biological and paleontological observations—for instance, of certain similarities between various species and genera—by the assumption of common ancestry of related forms. . . . I see in modern Darwinism the most successful explanation of the relevant facts. [Popper, 1957, p. 106; emphasis added] There exists no law of evolution, only the historical fact that plants and animals change, or more precisely, that they have changed. [Popper, 1963b, p. 340; emphasis added] I have always been extremely interested in the theory of evolution and very ready to accept evolution as a fact. [Popper, 1976, p. 167; emphasis added] The Mendelian underpinning of modern Darwinism has been well tested and so has the theory of evolution which says that all terrestrial life has evolved from a few primitive unicellular organisms, possibly even from one single organism. [Popper, 1978, p. 344; emphasis added]
Furthermore, in their book, Objective Knowledge, where they use the Darwinian paradigm as a basis for their own theory of knowledge, Popper not only discusses Darwinism at length as a scientific explanation but offers as an additional component a scientific hypothesis of their own—genetic dualism—which is intended to strengthen the orthodox neo-Darwinian framework (Popper, 1972, p. 242 ff). Popper's genetic dualism is similar to the ideas of Wilson and Stebbins (Stebbins, 1977, p. 125) and Mayr (1963, p. 604 ff.; 1970, p. 363 ff.) concerning the role of behavior in evolution.
But they did make one mistake—for which we should forgive him; some well-known biologists (who should know better) have made the same mistake. Popper takes "survival of the fittest" as the definition of natural selection (Popper, 1972, p. 241). This catchy phrase was an invention of Herbert Spencer, which Darwin, in a rare example of bad judgment, interpolated into later editions of On the Origin of Species : "This preservation of favorable individual differences and variations and the destruction of those which are injurious I have called Natural Selection or the Survival of the Fittest" (p. 64). Clearly it is an alternate name (and not a very apt one) for the process in question but not a definition.
The argument regarding "survival of the fittest" is that the only way one can usually tell who the fittest are is to see who survives. But then survival of the fittest becomes "almost a tautology" and hence untestable (Popper, 1972, p. 69; 1963a, p. 964).
- page 11 -
I have come to the conclusion that Darwinism is not a testable scientific theory, but a metaphysical research programme—a possible framework for testable scientific theories. [Popper, 1976, p. 168]
It is clear that here Darwinism means natural selection, not evolution. Popper states this explicitly earlier in the same work:
. . . because I intend to argue that the theory of natural selection is not a testable scientific theory, but a metaphysical research programme; . . . [Popper, 1976, p. 151]
There are two points to be made here:
First, natural selection being untestable is not the same as evolution being untestable. Evolution, to the creationist, is any hypothesis about origins. Astrophysical theories about stellar evolution or the "Big Bang" cosmology or scientific geology or, for that matter, many facets of biological evolution are not based upon Darwinian natural selection.
Second, Popper later admitted that they were wrong!
The fact that the theory of natural selection is difficult to test has led some people, anti-Darwinists and even some great Darwinists, to claim that it is a tautology. . . . I mention this problem because I too belong among the culprits. Influenced by what these authorities say, I have in the past described the theory as "almost tautological," and I have tried to explain how the theory of natural selection could be untestable (as is a tautology) and yet of great scientific interest. My solution was that the doctrine of natural selection is a most successful metaphysical research programme. . . . [Popper, 1978, p. 344] I have changed my mind about the testability and logical status of the theory of natural selection; and I am glad to have an opportunity to make a recantation. . . . [p. 345] The theory of natural selection may be so formulated that it is far from tautological. In this case it is not only testable, but it turns out to be not strictly universally true. There seem to be exceptions, as with so many biological theories; and considering the random character of the variations on which natural selection operates, the occurrence of exceptions is not surprising. [p. 346]
- page 12 -
Thus the creationists were never correct in stating that Popper believed that evolution was not falsifiable (and hence not scientific), nor are they now correct in citing them as an authority for the claim that natural selection is tautological and not falsifiable!
Some might challenge my point that Popper never doubted the testability of evolution by citing the following:
I blush when I have to make this confession; for when I was younger, I used to say very contemptuous things about evolutionary philosophies. When twenty-two years ago Canon Charles E. Raven, in their Science, Religion, and the Future , described the Darwinian controversy as "a storm in a Victorian teacup," I agreed, but criticized them for paying too much attention "to the vapors still emerging from the cup," by which I meant the hot air of the evolutionary philosophies (especially those which told us that there were inexorable laws of evolution). But now I have to confess that this cup of tea has become, after all, my cup of tea; and with it I have to eat humble pie. [Popper, 1972, p. 241]
But in an earlier work, they explicitly identified these "vapors" as "the Great Systems of Evolutionist philosophy, produced by Bergson, Whitehead, Smuts and others" (Popper, 1957, p. 106). They were not speaking, then, of the scientific theory of evolution but of various metaphysical theories. They made a clear distinction between the two.
And their current support for the Darwinian idea of natural selection is expressed in equally plain language.
What Darwin showed us was that the mechanism of natural selection can, in principle, simulate the actions of the Creator and Their purpose and design, and that it can also simulate rational human action directed towards a purpose or aim. [Popper, 1972, p. 267; see also Popper, 1978, pp. 342-343]
As for the notion of design as a useful hypothesis:
Their theory of adaptation was the first nontheistic one that was convincing; and theism was worse than an open admission of failure, for it created the impression that an ultimate explanation had been reached. [Popper 1976, p. 172]
There are scientists who are unfamiliar with or misinterpret Popper. For example, Colin Patterson holds that, if we accept Popper's distinction between science and nonscience, evolution is not science because it deals with unique historical events. Popper, however, doesn't agree with this.
- page 13 -
It does appear that some people think that I denied scientific character to the historical sciences, such as palaeontology, or the history of the evolution of life on Earth. This is a mistake, and I here wish to affirm that these and other historical sciences have in my opinion scientific character; their hypotheses can in many cases be tested. [Popper, 1981, p. 611]
In an earlier work, Popper discussed the historical sciences in which the scientific method of theoretical sciences is used:
This view is perfectly compatible with the analysis of scientific method, and especially of causal explanation given in the preceding section. The situation is simply this: while the theoretical sciences are mainly interested in finding and testing universal laws, the historical sciences take all kinds of universal laws for granted and are mainly interested in finding and testing singular statements. [Popper, 1957, p. 143ff]
What Popper calls the historical sciences do not make predictions about long past unique events (postdictions), which obviously would not be testable. (Several recent authors—including Stephen Jay Gould in Discover , July 1982—make this mistake.) These sciences make hypotheses involving past events which must predict (that is, have logical consequences) for the present state of the system in question. Here the testing procedure takes for granted the general laws and theories and is testing the specific conditions (or initial conditions, as Popper usually calls them) that held for the system.
A scientist, on the basis of much comparative anatomy and physiology, might hypothesize that, in the distant past, mammals evolved from reptiles. This would have testable consequences for the present state of the system (earth's surface with the geological strata in it and the animal and plant species living on it) in the form of reptile-mammal transition fossils that should exist, in addition to other necessary features of the DNA, developmental systems, and so forth, of the present-day reptiles and mammals.
What about repeatability? It is the observations that must be repeatable, if only to establish their validity independently of any one person's authority. This does not mean that the hypothetical mechanism or the phenomenon concerned must be repeatable or reproducible. In the experimental laboratory where the phenomena being studied are short-lived and transient, it is usually necessary to reproduce them in order to repeat the observations. But scientists must wait for the recurrence of natural phenomena—such as eclipses, earthquakes, seasonally recurring biological phenomena, and so forth. Yet, if a phenomenon is a stable, more or less permanent long-term condition, observations may be repeated anytime. A geologist may return to a geological formation to repeat or make new observations, or an anatomist or paleontologist may reexamine a museum specimen, either corroborating or refuting someone else's previous observations. Clearly, then, a hypothesis postulating a unique past event is scientific—as long as it has observable consequences for the present that can be repeatedly verified by any observer.
- page 14 -
Thus we may conclude (as Popper did) that evolutionary theories or historical hypotheses about origins are no different than other scientific theories as far as their logical features are concerned and are just as falsifiable as hypotheses in the form of general laws and theories.
Aquarids Peak. Get set for shooting stars all week long with the Eta Aquarid meteor shower, which will peak on the night of May 5 and into the following morning. Trace the path of the individual meteors and you will notice that they appear to originate from the eastern part of the sky, where Aquarius, the water bearer, can be seen this time of the year.
For the best views, head outside late at night, when you should be under a moonless sky. Astronomers are expecting up to 30 meteors an hour to be visible streaking through the northeast skies starting around 10 p.m. local time.
The best views will be from the countryside, away from city light pollution. But you can probably catch a few of the brighter meteors, including a couple of fireballs, sweeping through the upper atmosphere even from a suburban backyard.
This meteor shower's claim to fame is that the shooting stars are leftover pieces of Halley's comet, which last swung past Earth in 1986. The famous comet won't be back until 2062, but we can still see sand-grain-size particles shed by this icy visitor burn up high above our heads.
View Images The red planet will point the way to the pretty globular star cluster M80 on May 9. Illustration by A. Fazekas, SkySafari
Martian Guide. For early risers, train a backyard telescope or even binoculars on Mars on May 7 to see the red planet parked next to a beautiful celestial snow globe, a globular star cluster called M80. This giant blob of hundreds of thousands of stars sits a whopping 28,000 light years from Earth. But t is bright enough to be visible even with standard visual aids.
The 95-light-year-wide stellar swarm is one of the densest of its kind, and observations by the Hubble Space Telescope suggests that there may be a high rate of star collisions going on within its core.
The red planet will appear just over one degree above the cluster—equal to only two full moon disks—so both targets will fit easily within the field of view of a low-power eyepiece.
With Mars less than three weeks away from opposition, when it will be its brightest and biggest in Earth's skies for the year, it is putting on a great show for skywatchers around the world. Stay tuned for more details on observing the red planet in the coming weeks.
View Images The thin crescent moon will rise near the star Aldebaran about a half hour after local sunset on May 7. Illustration by A. Fazekas, SkySafari
Bullish Moon. The razor-thin crescent moon will offer a great observing challenge for naked eyes and binoculars on May 7. You can hunt it down above the northwest horizon just after sunset.
The moon will only be 28 hours away from its new moon phase, when the disk goes totally dark, and so it will be tricky to find the glare of the sunset. Your best bet will be to observe from a spot without any obstructions and scan the sky about five degrees above the horizon, equal to the width of your three middle fingers held at arm's length.
As an observing bonus, see if you can also spot the orange-hued star Aldebaran a few degrees above and to the left of the moon. Both objects will be nestled within the wintertime constellation Taurus, which is sinking fast out of the evening sky this time of the year.
Clear skies!
A letter to Bernie
Marya Zilberberg Blocked Unblock Follow May 6, 2016
Oh, Bernie! I loved you, man! You were the guy in the Senate who stood by their principles, making the tea party assholes look like the assholes they are. You have always been concerned about the people, not the ones with endless zeros in their bank accounts, but the ones with zero stuff in the world, those left behind, those forgotten and trampled by the capitalist goliath. You were the one with principles, the one pushing the Democrats to the right… ahem, forgive me, the correct side of most issues. I didn't always agree with you, but I sure liked your intensity and conviction.
So when you declared your candidacy, I was excited. Here I was, feeling the abundance of competence in both my major candidates, pride in their integrity and experience. Before my state primary, I struggled and searched my soul to choose between you and Hillary. Now, a year later, I hardly recognize you, Bernie, even though you and I are alike, and maybe even because of it.
No, I am not a man, I am not 74 and I am not from Brooklyn. But there is something about you that is familiar, that reminds me of my friends and family from this country and the old. The way you think, the way you debate, the way you are not afraid to be in the minority. But there is something else in you that reminds me of me. You and I, we are not team players. And for me, for the path I have chosen in life, that's OK. For you? It is fraught. Politics is about coalitions. Successful politics is about banding together to accomplish your vision. You have not.
There is another way in which you remind me of me. When I practiced medicine, it was the diagnosis that intrigued me. I became an ICU doctor precisely because of the mysteries that I had to solve rapidly, while wrangling the fire hose of historical, clinical and laboratory data. Once I diagnosed, however (and, boy, you and I, we are both good at that), I lost all interest in treatment (well, not enough to walk away, you understand, but enough to find the subsequent steps tedious). I guess it's a good thing I left practice.
And I have to say, that your lack of interest in the details of effecting your dreams scares me. If not you, who? And what scares me even more is that, in all the years you have been proposing this stuff, and over the past year of your campaign, you have not whittled away at the vagueness, have not articulated the path, have not given me something tangible to hold on to. And the fact that you have exactly zero foreign policy experience concerns me even more.
There are many think pieces these days about why people are stepping away from you, Bernie. It's your flip-flops on whether or not you will run a smear campaign, your inconsistent views on superdelegates, your blind, data-free insistence that you are the more electable candidate against Trump. While I don't like any of it, I do understand. I think it was Frank Underwood in “House of Cards” who said something happens to you when you get close to the White House door. You have felt that closeness, haven't you? It has changed you — who would expect anything else?
And this is exactly what makes you human, and fallible, and impure. Yes, impure. And this should endear you more, but instead I am repelled. I am repelled precisely because you cannot see it, cannot admit your flaws, cannot fess up to the obvious.
Hillary is not a saint. We have all watched them for the last 35 years like a bug under the microscope. They make stupid gaffes, changes their mind, refuses to respond to what they deem unfair and unequal intrusion. They also listen, they engage, they think. And yes, they compromise.
You don't. You write off compromise as impure. You have no tolerance for divergent opinions. Even though I am not 74, I am too old for that.
Bernie, I am not going to pretend that I voted for you in the primary and that now you have lost me. I didn't, but you did have me. I appreciated you, and made an informed choice to vote for your opponent. And I am bitterly disappointed that the last few months have have given me so much justification in my choice. The drag is that when I voted for Hillary in the primary it was not a vote against you. Now, after months of smears, innuendo and gamesmanship, I am turning away from your hypocrisy.
But here is the deal, Bernie. If by some miracle of numbers you win the nomination, I will be your ardent supporter. And no, there will be no cognitive dissonance for me, since the alternative is unthinkable to anyone with two neurons to rub together, even though you are not my ideal candidate. I am not “Hillary or bust” not because I am ambivalent about her, but because I am old enough to know that you don't get everything you want every time, and that petulance, especially in this election year, could be deadly. I will go all out for you.
I haven't given up on you, Bernie. I still hope that you are the man with the values and ideals that you espoused and that drew me and so many others to you. And that even if you don't win the nomination, you can overcome your habitual discomfort with teams and become a member of Hillary's team, our team, to make our country the best that it can be.
Sincerely,
Your once (and future?) supporter
Batch 67 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 67
Batch 66
Batch 65
Batch 64
Batch 63
Batch 62
Batch 61
Batch 60 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Northern Paladin vs Conspiracy
Glittering Lynx vs Defiant Bloodlord
Multiform Wonder vs Fill with Fright
Sickening Shoal vs Ghor-Clan Savage
Lawless Broker vs Rakdos Augermage
Stronghold Rats vs Rain of Embers
Peek vs Soul Bleed
Merciless Eviction vs Timebender
Dream Leash vs Jagged-Scar Archers
Eternal Thirst vs Lowland Tracker
Squelching Leeches vs Corpse Harvester
River Merfolk vs Farseek
Knight of Meadowgrain vs Blind Zealot
Kelinore Bat vs Uktabi Kong
Tolarian Drake vs Distortion Strike
Mana Prism vs Thran Tome
Quiet Contemplation vs Glaciers
Ethereal Whiskergill vs Assault Suit
Blizzard vs Earthbind
Archangel of Thune vs Mist of Stagnation
Traverse the Ulvenwald vs Overeager Apprentice
Dreamwinder vs Sigil of Distinction
Glowing Anemone vs Gutter Grime
Illumination vs Breath of Life
Fleetfeather Cockatrice vs Bogardan Firefiend
Bay Falcon vs Glimmerpost
About Face vs Illusory Gains
Pyromancer's Assault vs Morselhoarder
Sleeper's Guile vs Eater of the Dead
Troll Ascetic vs Oppressive Rays
Alaborn Grenadier vs Entrapment Maneuver
Triskelion vs Pin to the Earth
SHARE
GEORGE WASHINGTON CARVER said, “Where there is no vision, there is no hope.” If ever there was an entity in need of some hope, it is the MBTA. Fortunately, this Tuesday evening the MBTA launches an extensive visioning process – Focus40 – to craft a 25-year strategic investment plan to carry the agency to 2040.
Transportation visioning has been on our minds lately, especially after our two organizations – The Alliance for Business Leadership and Transportation for Massachusetts – teamed up this past March at The Alliance's daylong problem-solving event, ABL Leader Lab, to coordinate a track devoted to transportation issues. Nearly 200 business and civic leaders came together at Leader Lab to tackle big questions, such as the one we posed about transportation:
Get the Daily Download Our news roundup delivered every weekday.
Email *
How does Massachusetts both shore up its current infrastructure and create the modern agencies and systems we need to compete in the 21st century?
Among many ambitious ideas, there was clear consensus around one answer: vision. Almost to a person, the leaders in the room concluded that in order to effect big change we need a big, shared vision.
So in addition to hope, we – the business community, advocates, public officials, taxpayers – must promote a direction and a goal for transportation in the Commonwealth. A vision. Focus40 promises to be a strong first step toward defining that direction and goal.
It's not easy to focus on the future when the present seems grim. For most of us, we just hope to get to work or school on time. But transportation improvements can take decades, so it's just not enough to fix the T's troubles today; we need to be competitive tomorrow. And as we saw at Leader Lab, looking ahead with a sense of hope comes naturally to many of us, even though the daily experience of MBTA users can be dispiriting.
And that's our strength. Massachusetts is a state of dreamers and doers. We are creating the future in life sciences, materials, design, and culture even as we tackle today's challenges. Heck, we gave the world the chocolate chip cookie! We're not done innovating.
Focus40 is kicking off with an open house and a panel discussion, before everyone rolls up their sleeves in the weeks and months ahead for a plethora of meetings, public sessions, and opportunities for input. The folks at the MBTA will receive no shortage of advice as to how best to pull this vision together, but the discussion at ABL Leader Lab yielded some key insights that are worth sharing:
Don't reinvent the wheel. Other public transportation systems are leading the world with incredibly exciting, efficient initiatives, from free transit service in congested downtowns in Denver and Salt Lake City, to gold-standard bus rapid transit systems in Brazil, Peru, and Colombia, to a focus on sustainability in Denmark, India, and China. Massachusetts should learn from them, incorporate best practices, and adapt any findings to meet local needs.
Use public transportation as a weapon in the fight against climate change. As Massachusetts seeks to reduce our carbon emissions, public transportation must contribute by getting cars off the roads and cutting greenhouse gasses.
Embrace technology and innovation. Whether it's the “Where's my bus?” app, the hugely popular countdown signs on T platforms, or something new and disruptive that hasn't been thought of yet, technology and innovation can improve public transportation's efficiency, and customer satisfaction.
Keep equity top of mind. It's no secret that access to transportation often translates to access to economic opportunity. Investing in underserved communities can spur economic growth, create jobs, and support businesses.
Think bigger. Yes, think bigger about what the MBTA can be 25 years from now, but also think bigger than the MBTA. The Commonwealth's entire transportation infrastructure is in desperate need of a vision – one that includes, but is not limited to, the T. Residents in central and western Massachusetts, the Cape, Islands, South Coast, and Merrimack Valley all have a stake in our transportation future.
Seneca, the Roman philosopher and statesman, once said, “To the person who does not know where they want to go, there is no favorable wind.” Massachusetts is approaching a point where we must have the leadership and competitive will to know where we want to go. In other words, we need a vision, and we need hope.
Meet the Author Jesse Mermell President , Alliance for Business Leadership Meet the Author Josh Ostroff Guest Contributor , Transportation for Massachusetts
Jesse Mermell is president of The Alliance for Business Leadership. Josh Ostroff is partnerships director at Transportation for Massachusetts. MBTA's Focus40 public process kicks off at at Northeaster's Curry Student Center, 360 Huntington Ave, starting at 5PM on May 24, with details here
SHARE
Australia Fashion Week spring/summer 2013 round-up
With a host of imaginative renegades, an established old guard and everything else in between, Susie Lau says Australia Fashion Week is certainly a fashion fixture to get excited about.
BY Susie Lau | 15 April 2013
Photo: GETTY
If there was a top of the charts of global fashion weeks with New York, London, Milan and Paris making up the top four, Sydney is fast clambering up to try and claim that fifth spot. You'd think the main show circuit was tiring enough but it seems Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia is now proving to be worth the long trip down under for both international buyers and press; the likes of ShopBop, Matches and Net-a-Porter were all down there placing orders for Australia's fashion finest, whilst style title 10 Magazines editor-in-chief Sophia Neophitou attended MBFWA to officially launch the new Australian edition.
Australian fashion power label Camilla and Marc kicked off last week's proceedings by showing us why Sydney's sun-drenched lifestyle makes for refined body conscious clothes imprinted with Australian chic. Leopard-print bustiers, cobwebby sheer black lace and drop crotch trousers in the wrong hands could be too much to handle. but this sibling duo showed why they've enjoyed 10 years in business with an assured collection that got a lot of the Aussie bloggers and babes ready to make their summer order.
Designs by Camilla and Marc
IN PICTURES: Highlights from Fashion Week Australia spring/summer 2013
Likewise, another sibling duo, Alexandra and Genevieve Smart aka Ginger & Smart. had also had a decade of experience in creating clothes that fit their ideal confident and sexy woman. It takes one to pull off a geometric and floral hybrid printed jacket, bustier and pencil skirt ensemble, shown in their 'Shapeshifters' collection.
Every city needs its imaginative renegade and Romance was Born, a now beyond-cult label, designed by Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett is exactly that. Their 'Mushroom Magic' collection was a psychedelic trip through seventies prints, Disney references and fanciful silhouettes, shown amidst an extraordinary sugar art installation by Pip & Pop. Acclaimed make-up artist Val Garland flew down exclusively to apply Peggy Moffitt-inspired make-up to the models. Universal love for Romance was Born's theatrics elicited the loudest of cheers in the week.
Backstage at Romance Was Born. Photo: Ollie Black
Then there are the too-cool-for-school designers on the brink of emerging internationally. Kym Ellery does hard-edged sensual clothes that are uncharacteristically heavy for the Australian climate. That's what makes them stand out when they present rubber lace sweaters, silk satin jackets rebelliously tied around the waist and goat hair dresses. Christopher Esber is also a flighty fledgling, who took us to an impressive warehouse venue to showcase subtle woven textures and soft silhouettes. Most well known of them all, Dion Lee is already the verge of flying the Australian coop, and has already presented a collection in Paris as well as competing in the International Woolmark Prize. They decided to throw a lavish dinner at the Sydney Opera House, where they have staged some of their most memorable shows, as a gesture of gratitude. Lee presented us with a) yummy barramundi and b) a 15-look presentation that read like a greatest-hits. Sculpted metal, structured pleating, sonic wave sequin formations alongside immaculate tailoring showed just why Lee is already making waves beyond their home shores.
Looks by Dion Lee
MBFWA also kicked it old-school and brought back much-loved Brisbane duo Easton Pearson, who showed a stellar collection of everything they do best - scribble florals and Africana-hued geometrics, whimsical embroidery, painted stripes all on A-line, all-age-friendly silhouettes. In short, they've been doing their own version of Marni down under well before Marni even existed. and the show gave them their much-due credit. Another golden oldie is Toni Maticevski, better known for their bridal and red carpet attire. They refreshed their elegant dresses with a series of sculpted neoprene dresses, soundtracked by Yves Saint Laurent's heartbreaking 2002 adieu press conference. They had a whiff of Dior by Raf Simons about them, but you appreciated the ambitious sentiment, in a week of shows which mostly skewed wearable and buyer-friendly.
Toni Maticevski catwalk show
What's Australian Fashion Week without a spot of sun and sand? We Are Handsome's photo printed swimsuits have been enjoying its moment under the spotlight with fans like Rihanna and Nicki Minaj. They didn't disappoint as they showed big cat roars, galloping horses and retro robots on their trademark swimsuits and bikinis. Their vision of carefree Bondi lifestyle was enticing especially when the models emerged on matching printed bikes. The eternally holidaying set can't get enough of Camilla Franks's kaftans and so it was that Camilla threw the biggest budget show of the week, held in a giant tee pee in a park with cute kids, an alpaca and a barn owl greeting guests at the entrance of what seemed like a hippie commune. Georgia May Jagger was at one with Franks' 'Mother Nature' tribal-travelling collection as they closed the show.
Jagger with designer Camila Franks. Photo: Getty
Some of the best shows were not actually on-schedule as established designers like Josh Goot chose to present their collections privately. This finessed print designer went to the jungle for inspired jacquards, engineered leopard and foliage prints on wrap-over skirts and graphic crop tops. Susien Chong and Nic Briand of Aussie fave Lover, also went a bit animal in their, as ever, beautiful collection. They delved into sheer animal print but will also keep their lace-loving fans happy with dresses in teal blue and rose-motif black lace.
Looks by Lover
As for the week's shining newbies? They perhaps represented a new guard that are rebelling against Sydney fashion's reputation for babe-appropriate clothes. Local cult menswear and womenswear label Vanishing Elephant showed for the first time, celebrating five years of creating streetwear-led tailoring and casual clothes for those that don't want to show a lot of flesh. Karla Spetic also refined their girlish and demure aesthetic with a collection inspired by faith - ruffled tops and skirts in jewel tones, slip dresses in embroidered flowers on sheer organza and a literal stained glass window print made the crowd swoon. Finally, Emma Mulholland, a young designer who is getting all the local kids hot and bothered, took to 80s surf 'n' ski motifs for an exuberant collection. Printed backpacks and bomber jackets, Timmy Mallet-esque nostalgic prints and a finale dress with a sequinned orca whales got everyone excited about the potential in Sydney's bright young things.
Designs by Vanishing Elephant
Susie Lau is the editor of StyleBubble
Autopsy results show a Texas A&M University student whose body was found last year at their fraternity house died of an accidental drug and alcohol overdose.
The Brazos County Sheriff's Office says Sigma Phi Epsilon member Matthew Hayes of Beaumont was discovered unresponsive Dec. 6 in their bedroom.
The Travis County Medical Examiner's Office on Monday said the 20-year-old sophomore died of a lethal mixture of alcohol and drugs, including hydrocodone. The death was ruled accidental.
Authorities say Hayes attended a formal event the night of Dec. 5 in Bryan, then returned to the fraternity house in College Station. Other members believed Hayes was asleep the next day until they missed an afternoon function and their body was found.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lewis Hamilton has denied Mercedes "sandbagged" during Friday Practice for the Russian GP and insisted Ferrari are ahead after topping the timesheets by over half a second at Sochi.
Sebastian Vettel's pacesetting Friday lap of 1:34.120 was 0.670s faster than the quickest Mercedes could manage.
"It's one lap, it's much more important what we did after that. I think we improved throughout the session so I'm reasonably happy," the Ferrari driver told Sky Sports F1.
"I think (Mercedes) will be fine, it's a circuit that suits them. Last year, people expected Williams to be the fastest after the Friday, if I remember it right, and it turned out Mercedes were the fastest, that's how sometimes you can be misled."
But Hamilton responded: "We never sandbag, there's no benefit to sandbagging ever - I think Ferrari have done in the past, but there's zero benefit for us to do so.
"Today has generally been a tricky day so Ferrari is definitely the quickest, as they have been all year so far so we work hard this evening and tomorrow try and see if we can pick up some pace."
Tale of the Tape - Lewis Hamilton v Sebastian Vettel
F1 heads into this weekend's Sochi event with Vettel, winner of two of the opening three races, seven points ahead of Hamilton in the Drivers' Championship, while Ferrari are three clear of Mercedes in the constructors' standings.
"I think there are a lot of things you can play with in the car. This track especially there are a lot of things you can show and not show so I think the most important is we talk about ourselves, our balance. I was able to improve so I'm reasonably happy," added Vettel.
Sky Sports F1's Johnny Herbert suggested Mercedes could have been holding back in Friday's Practice sessions.
Former world champion Damon Hill believes this season's drivers race could help define the careers of both Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel Former world champion Damon Hill believes this season's drivers race could help define the careers of both Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel
"I think it's maybe something they're not showing by Ferrari, that raw pace that maybe they've still got. It's a program they're sticking to, but they're not showing that pace," they said.
However, Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff insisted the large difference in lap time was not a tactical move.
"I think that we've said it before the race, it's all new, we've been very good on the track in the last couple of years but it changed. The cars have much more down force, the tyres are completely different and you cannot anticipate that it's going to continue so here we go," they told Sky Sports F1.
"I remember Melbourne or Shanghai, we had been a second faster on the long runs than everybody else, it just changed on Saturday then Sunday. Everybody is doing a little bit of a weird program sometimes to find out where they are."
Practice Two didn't run smoothly for Red Bull's Max Verstappen. The Dutchman had to stop on track, reporting a loss of power on the long runs, but remained in fifth, 1.4 seconds slower than Ferrari and ahead of team-mate Daniel Ricciardo.
"We think it was a fuel pressure issue, it was a shame, another not a long run. Luckily Daniel did a long run so we can look into the data for that," reported Verstappen.
"This track is not good for us because of the long straights and yeah we just tried to make the best of it."
Will Ferrari stay ahead of the pack in Sochi? Watch the Russian GP weekend with Sky Sports F1. The race begins at 1pm on Sunday. Check out all the ways to watch live F1 on Sky Sports for subscribers and non-subscribers - including a NOW TV day pass for £6.99!
Two companion papers from Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) research teams suggest that targeting multiple angiogenesis pathways simultaneously could help overcome the resistance to anti-angiogenic treatment inevitably developed by the devastating brain tumor glioblastoma. Appearing in PNAS Early Edition, the reports describe how two different methods of inhibiting both vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and angiopoietin-2 (Ang-2) in animal models not only normalized tumor blood vessels to a greater extent than anti-VEGF therapy alone but also shifted the action of tumor-infiltrating immune cells from a pro-tumor to an anti-tumor state.
“These papers offer a potential solution for glioblastoma's escape from anti-VEGF therapy, which is mediated by activating alternative growth factor pathways,” says Rakesh K. Jain, PhD, director of the Steele Laboratory of Tumor Biology in the MGH Radiation Oncology Department and co-corresponding author of both papers. “In our back-to-back papers we not only provide proof-of-principle data that dual treatment strategies can slow glioblastoma growth and improve survival but also reveal the underlying mechanisms for these benefits.”
The most common malignant tumor arising in the brain, glioblastoma is characterized by a highly abnormal, leaky and inefficient blood supply, caused by the overexpression of angiogenic factors like VEGF. These vascular abnormalities lead to swelling around the tumor and poor blood perfusion within the tumor, causing it to become more aggressive and resistant to chemotherapy and radiation treatment. While anti-VEGF treatment has become part of standard postsurgical treatment for glioblastoma, its beneficial effects are temporary and do not extend patient survival.
Previous studies from members of these MGH teams revealed that glioblastoma patients receiving anti-VEGF treatment also had a transient drop in blood levels of Ang-2. Levels of that factor rebounded as tumor progression resumed, suggesting that Ang-2 activity may contribute to resistance to anti-VEGF treatment. The researchers also found that, similar to VEGF, Ang-2 is expressed by all types of glioblastomas. To capture the diversity of different glioblastoma types, the investigators designed two methods of testing whether inhibiting both pathways could overcome treatment resistance.
One approach combined the use of the experimental oral anti-VEGF drug cediranib with an Ang-2-neutralizing antibody in two mouse models of glioblastoma and found that dual therapy improved blood vessel normalization and extended survival compared with cediranib treatment alone. Dual therapy also attracted tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) to the tumors and increased the proportion of the anti-tumor form of those immune cells. Importantly, blocking the migration of TAMs to tumors reduced the benefits of dual therapy.
The second study used an antibody that targets both VEGF and Ang-2 and showed that dual treatment improved the architecture of tumor vessels in a mouse model with abnormal vessels. TAMs were reprogrammed to an anti-tumor state in both this tumor model and in another model not characterized by abnormal vasculature, indicating that vascular normalization was not the only mechanism of benefit. In fact, dual therapy promoted anti-tumor immunity by shifting the population of TAMs towards an anti-tumor form, consistent with the first study but regardless of whether or not surrounding blood vessels were abnormal.
“Our studies indicate that dual targeting of VEGF and Ang-2 could overcome some of the shortcomings of currently available glioblastoma therapies,” says Jain, who is the Andrew Werk Cook Professor of Tumor Biology at Harvard Medical School. “Clinically accessible agents are currently available for this dual targeting strategy, and our finding that dual therapy can also improve anti-tumor immune responses, irrespective of its effect on blood vessels, is particularly timely given the rapid development of new immunotherapies. These results open new avenues of research on novel combinations to obtain more durable results against this devastating disease.”
About this brain cancer research
The co-lead authors of the study combining cediranib with an Ang-2 antibody are Teresa Peterson, Nathaniel Kirkpatrick and Yuhui Huang, all of the Steele Labs at MGH; and Dai Fukumura, MD, PhD, of the Steele Labs is co-corresponding author. Co-lead author of the study using the VEGF/Ang-2 antibody are Jonas Kloepper, Lars Riedemann, and Zohreh Amoozgar, of the Steele Labs; and Tracy Batchelor, MD, MGH Departments of Neurology and Radiation Oncology, is co-corresponding author.
Funding: Support for the studies includes National Cancer Institute grants P01-CA080124 and P50-CA165962 and grants from MedImmune, Roche and the National Foundation for Cancer Research.
Source: Katie Marquedant – Mass General
Image Credit: The image is in the public domain.
Original Research: Full open access research for “Dual inhibition of Ang-2 and VEGF receptors normalizes tumor vasculature and prolongs survival in glioblastoma by altering macrophages” by Teresa E. Peterson, Nathaniel D. Kirkpatrick, Yuhui Huang, Christian T. Farrar, Koen A. Marijt, Jonas Kloepper, Meenal Datta, Zohreh Amoozgar, Giorgio Seano, Keehoon Jung, Walid S. Kamoun, Trupti Vardam, Matija Snuderl, Jermaine Goveia, Sampurna Chatterjee, Ana Batista, Alona Muzikansky, Ching Ching Leow, Lei Xu, Tracy T. Batchelor, Dan G. Duda, Dai Fukumura, and Rakesh K. Jain in PNAS. Published online April 4 2016 doi:10.1073/pnas.1525349113
Full open access research for “Ang-2/VEGF bispecific antibody reprograms macrophages and resident microglia to anti-tumor phenotype and prolongs glioblastoma survival” by Jonas Kloepper, Lars Riedemann, Zohreh Amoozgar, Giorgio Seano, Katharina Susek, Veronica Yu, Nisha Dalvie, Robin L. Amelung, Meenal Datta, Jonathan W. Song, Vasileios Askoxylakis, Jennie W. Taylor, Christine Lu-Emerson, Ana Batista, Nathaniel D. Kirkpatrick, Keehoon Jung, Matija Snuderl, Alona Muzikansky, Kay G. Stubenrauch, Oliver Krieter, Hiroaki Wakimoto, Lei Xu, Lance L. Munn, Dan G. Duda, Dai Fukumura, Tracy T. Batchelor, and Rakesh K. Jain in PNAS. Published online April 4 2016 doi:10.1073/pnas.1525360113
Abstract
Dual inhibition of Ang-2 and VEGF receptors normalizes tumor vasculature and prolongs survival in glioblastoma by altering macrophages
Glioblastomas (GBMs) rapidly become refractory to anti-VEGF therapies. We previously demonstrated that ectopic overexpression of angiopoietin-2 (Ang-2) compromises the benefits of anti-VEGF receptor (VEGFR) treatment in murine GBM models and that circulating Ang-2 levels in GBM patients rebound after an initial decrease following cediranib (a pan-VEGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor) administration. Here we tested whether dual inhibition of VEGFR/Ang-2 could improve survival in two orthotopic models of GBM, Gl261 and U87. Dual therapy using cediranib and MEDI3617 (an anti–Ang-2–neutralizing antibody) improved survival over each therapy alone by delaying Gl261 growth and increasing U87 necrosis, effectively reducing viable tumor burden. Consistent with their vascular-modulating function, the dual therapies enhanced morphological normalization of vessels. Dual therapy also led to changes in tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs). Inhibition of TAM recruitment using an anti–colony-stimulating factor-1 antibody compromised the survival benefit of dual therapy. Thus, dual inhibition of VEGFR/Ang-2 prolongs survival in preclinical GBM models by reducing tumor burden, improving normalization, and altering TAMs. This approach may represent a potential therapeutic strategy to overcome the limitations of anti-VEGFR monotherapy in GBM patients by integrating the complementary effects of anti-Ang2 treatment on vessels and immune cells.
“Dual inhibition of Ang-2 and VEGF receptors normalizes tumor vasculature and prolongs survival in glioblastoma by altering macrophages” by Teresa E. Peterson, Nathaniel D. Kirkpatrick, Yuhui Huang, Christian T. Farrar, Koen A. Marijt, Jonas Kloepper, Meenal Datta, Zohreh Amoozgar, Giorgio Seano, Keehoon Jung, Walid S. Kamoun, Trupti Vardam, Matija Snuderl, Jermaine Goveia, Sampurna Chatterjee, Ana Batista, Alona Muzikansky, Ching Ching Leow, Lei Xu, Tracy T. Batchelor, Dan G. Duda, Dai Fukumura, and Rakesh K. Jain in Developmental Science. Published online April 4 2016 doi:10.1073/pnas.1525349113
Abstract
Ang-2/VEGF bispecific antibody reprograms macrophages and resident microglia to anti-tumor phenotype and prolongs glioblastoma survival
nhibition of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) pathway has failed to improve overall survival of patients with glioblastoma (GBM). We previously showed that angiopoietin-2 (Ang-2) overexpression compromised the benefit from anti-VEGF therapy in a preclinical GBM model. Here we investigated whether dual Ang-2/VEGF inhibition could overcome resistance to anti-VEGF treatment. We treated mice bearing orthotopic syngeneic (Gl261) GBMs or human (MGG8) GBM xenografts with antibodies inhibiting VEGF (B20), or Ang-2/VEGF (CrossMab, A2V). We examined the effects of treatment on the tumor vasculature, immune cell populations, tumor growth, and survival in both the Gl261 and MGG8 tumor models. We found that in the Gl261 model, which displays a highly abnormal tumor vasculature, A2V decreased vessel density, delayed tumor growth, and prolonged survival compared with B20. In the MGG8 model, which displays a low degree of vessel abnormality, A2V induced no significant changes in the tumor vasculature but still prolonged survival. In both the Gl261 and MGG8 models A2V reprogrammed protumor M2 macrophages toward the antitumor M1 phenotype. Our findings indicate that A2V may prolong survival in mice with GBM by reprogramming the tumor immune microenvironment and delaying tumor growth.
“Ang-2/VEGF bispecific antibody reprograms macrophages and resident microglia to anti-tumor phenotype and prolongs glioblastoma survival” by Jonas Kloepper, Lars Riedemann, Zohreh Amoozgar, Giorgio Seano, Katharina Susek, Veronica Yu, Nisha Dalvie, Robin L. Amelung, Meenal Datta, Jonathan W. Song, Vasileios Askoxylakis, Jennie W. Taylor, Christine Lu-Emerson, Ana Batista, Nathaniel D. Kirkpatrick, Keehoon Jung, Matija Snuderl, Alona Muzikansky, Kay G. Stubenrauch, Oliver Krieter, Hiroaki Wakimoto, Lei Xu, Lance L. Munn, Dan G. Duda, Dai Fukumura, Tracy T. Batchelor, and Rakesh K. Jain in PNAS. Published online April 4 2016 doi:10.1073/pnas.1525360113
Feel free to share this neuroscience news.
Besides the human cost, the Ebola epidemic is rapidly draining national budgets in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The U.N. Development Program said the crisis has caused a slowdown in tourism, mining and trade.
The UNDP described the ebola outbreak as “one of the most complex developmental challenges in recent times…imposing a serious stress on the fiscal capacity of governments.”
Its new report says expenses in the three worst-affected countries have risen by 30-percent – and that governments are not able to operate at pre-crisis levels because of a nearly $330-million budget shortfall. What's more, they could become more dependent on international aid as both domestic and foreign debt grows.
Nicholas Douillet, spokesperson for the U.N. Development Program, spoke with VOA's Joe De Capua about the economic impact of ebola. Click on the libnk below to listen to the full interview.
I decided to experiment with literate programming recently because I felt like something must be wrong with this story: A colleague and I began a research project using MATLAB for a class. We both started with about the same amount of MATLAB experience: close to nil. We both started at the ground floor of development. There was no legacy code to speak of, and again there was only two of us. We spec'd out most of the simulation as a LaTeX document that clearly described the simulation mathematically based on a reference implementation. In my mind, there isn't a better scenario for collaboration. However, late into the project, my colleague was getting shut out of participating in development. What shut my colleague out?
Let me be clear, my colleague was willing, smart, and hard-working. Just the kind of person one hopes to be working with, yet the project had grown into a labyrinth that only I knew how to navigate. Without me on hand to help navigate the growing code base, their efforts seemed stymied. I will be the first to admit that the code, and in particular my code, was not stellar—it was written to meet a deadline and both of us were green when it came to MATLAB. However, this wasn't a large project, but it did grow rapidly. Below is a graph of the total commits as shown in github. (The repository I'm showing is not public unfortunately.)
My expectation was that having two people developing one code base from the beginning with equivalent experience should be a recipe for success. That did not turn out to be the case. Although the project did not fail outright, we ran our experiments, produced results, and should ultimately get a publication out of it. However, judging it on the basis of enabling collaboration, it was a failure with what are some of the best starting conditions possible. Just think how much worse a project will fare when one's working on a code base with n contributors; each contributor joining at a different time with a differing amount of experience with the language, domain, and tools; and on a code base with a longer history and its own legacy issues? One glimmer of how things could be different was provided by the spec we wrote before beginning the implementation.
We had written up a spec that described the dynamics of the simulation as mathematical relationships. Everything we wanted the simulation to do was clear and easily inspectable. As we wrote the implementation, however, what was clear became obscure. “What does this section of code do?” If one compared the code with the spec and squinted one could start to piece together how the implementation fulfilled the spec. But this connection was fleeting. One had to compare between the spec and the code, make the connection, then enjoy the enlightenment before forgetting it. As the code base became the ground truth going beyond the spec, the utility of the spec was crippled, e.g., “Was the spec updated since we decided to do Y instead of X?” Of course it hasn't. I've been too busy implementing Y.
In fact the spec ended up being a kind of reverse-engineered literate program. We used a reference implementation to draw out the details of what the original simulation was actually doing. In it, we had sections of code that we decoded into mathematical relationships. It is kind of amazing how much some code can be compressed when describing it mathematically. We could examine the code and math directly, changing that connection from fleeting into something lasting. Given this reverse-engineered literate program, we then enthusiastically went and re-encoded the math into code again and lost that connection and scrutability.
All I've said about literate programming so far is that it had math and code in one document. I think of literate programming as inverting the relationship between comments and code. In normal programming, comments are superfluous, thrown out, and don't matter to the compiler. The code comes first and foremost and if you're lucky, maybe there are some comments to lead you astray. In a literate program, one begins by writing a document for someone to read. Within the document, one specifies sections of code in whatever order they or they feel is best for the reader. Here is an example literate program and its literate source code; it uses the literate programming tool noweb. I wrote those for the Emacsy project which I proposed as a Google Summer of Code project.
An experiment that I would love to have tried is to take that spec, chuck out the reference implementation sections of code, and write the implementation as a truly literate program. I didn't have enough experience with literate programming at the time to think of it, but even today the thought of encouraging someone to collaborate on a literate program seems like a hard sell, e.g., “Do you like to code? Great. Do you like to write? Awesome. Do you like math? No. Well, two out of three is WAY better than average.” But I am finding a lot of advantages to literate programming.
Advantages
A picture is worth a thousand ASCII pictures. A big advantage of literate programming is being able to include graphics. I had a problem recently where I was implementing a simple 2D ray cast. I sketched it out on Paper 53, labeled my variables, then baked that drawing right into the document. Usually, that connection—What does this code actually mean? What does it represent?—would have been fleeting. I would have made a sketch on graph paper, written the code, inevitably lost or trashed the sketch. Suppose I find a bug in my code months later. How am I going to figure it out? Well, I'll probably try to reverse-engineer my sketch. Why do I do this to myself and everyone that has to maintain this code after me!? With literate programming I made that connection of what does this code mean into something lasting, and it's not in a separate document that will be forgotten, unloved, and superseded because it's the ground truth: it's the source of the source.
You can read it like a book. Another thing I didn't appreciate initially is that a literate program provides an unambiguous place to start with an unfamiliar code base and a direction to go. Literate programming linearizes a code base. More than that it linearizes the code to be understandable—not compilable. Imagine if books weren't arranged in a linear fashion. Instead of starting at page one, expert readers suggest, “I like to start on page 34 work backwards, then jump to page 62.” Normally when I've decided I want to alter an existing code base, first I have to acquaint myself with it. I dive into whatever looks most promising: README, HACKING, main.c, or project.h. I look at those by convention, but the meat of the project that I want to alter could be anywhere in that file tree, and it may not be documented at all. I search, grep, and basically bumble around until I find the spots I need to edit. A literate program is a topological ordering of that file tree, ordered to make it easier to understand.
The comfort of plaintext, the richness of PDF. It is kind of amazing how low-tech coding is. If it's not plaintext, then it will get corrupted and destroy your weekend. This is partly why I can't take fully to Mathematica, which does allow for a rich, graphical programming and documentation language. Plaintext is comforting. In a world of inscrutable binary formats, plaintext stands out as being readily inspectable, wholly knowable, effortlessly editable. Most of the literate programming tools use LaTeX as their documentation language because Knuth, who started it all, did. And it is comforting that my documentation and code is in plaintext, can be checked in to git and diff'd, but that doesn't prevent me from using a richer medium to better describe what my program does, should do, and can inspire others to do.
Disadvantages
LaTeX raises the barrier to entry. If a literate program has a mathematical bent, then using LaTeX as the documentation language is a blessing. But LaTeX is a tricky tool and it raises the barrier to entry considerably for would-be collaborators. If I wanted to write a literate program that was not math heavy, I'd prefer using Markdown as the documentation language. The first literate program tool was WEB, and it dictated the programming language, a dialect of pascal, and the documentation language, LaTeX. Many tools that followed were programming language neutral, but the documentation language has not been allowed the same freedom. I think the programmer should be able to select both languages. The Docco project uses plain old Markdown as its documentation language. Its simplicity is inspiring. The downsides are that one may not reorder code to ease its explanation; the code must be in the order the compiler expects; and its one code file per Markdown file.
Tool support is lacking. Literate programming is not mainstream, so the tool support is sometimes lacking. For instance, #line compiler directives are a necessity. If compiler errors direct you to the generated source code rather than the literate code, forget every mildly good thing you've ever heard about literate programming; you've entered hell. I've been writing a lot of code in GNU Guile Scheme and I needed #line directives, which seems imminently doable using reader macros. However, it actually did require me to patch Guile in order to do it in the general case. I will write up another post and share that patch soon.
There are some other disadvantages:
It takes more time. Literate programming does take more time than just slapping some code together.
Multiple modes in Emacs, ha! I use Emacs, and Emacs does many wonderful things, but multiple modes is not one of them. In a noweb file, multiple syntaxes are nested together and the Emacs regex-based syntax highlighter and mode detector are not good enough. I wish Emacs used Parsing Expression Grammars (PEGs).
Writing raises the barrier to entry. Knuth asks us to not only write good code but also to write well, and neither of these are easy tasks. Asking for both from every contributor is a tall order.
Conclusion
I'm not suggesting that literate programming is a silver bullet or the best way to write every program. I don't use it for everything. I'm only using it on programs that I want to encourage collaboration on. My hope is that it will help me avoid the story I outlined at the beginning where collaborators are shut out of participating because the edifice one builds becomes an inscrutable labyrinth; however, literate programming may be a double-edged sword due to it raising the barrier to entry. I haven't gotten the chance to see whether literate programming helps or hurts a project. My current projects are solo so far, but I am enjoying trying to program literately. There is a grandeur in this kind of programming.
T.J. Miller attends the Vulture Awards Season Party at Sunset Tower Hotel on December 8, 2016 in West Hollywood, California. Jonathan Leibson/Getty Images for New York Magazine T.J. Miller was arrested after allegedly assaulting their car-service driver early on Friday morning, according to reports.
A police spokesperson told the Los Angeles Times that the "Silicon Valley" actor was arrested on suspicion of battery after the driver called police to the scene outside of Miller's Hollywood Hills home at 1 a.m. on Friday. The police would not confirm which car services the driver belonged to, but TMZ reported that they were an Uber driver.
According to TMZ, the driver picked up Miller after the GQ Men of the Year party. Reportedly, Miller and the driver got into an argument over President-elect Donald Trump. When the driver reached Miller's home, the actor allegedly slapped the driver on their head. The driver then performed a citizen's arrest and called the police.
The LAPD spokesperson confirmed that the alleged assault didn't occur in front of police. Miller was arrested, charged with misdemeanor battery, and then released without posting bail.
TMZ sources said the driver didn't have any injuries and that Miller seemed to be intoxicated.
A representative for Miller didn't immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
Miller's arrest happens to coincide with the release of their new movie, "Office Christmas Party," on Friday.
March 31, 2014
US, Lithuanian, and Swedish Aircraft Participating in NATO Exercise By Lithuanian Ministry of Defense
"As unrest has escalated in the near vicinity of the Baltic States, NATO has augmented the Baltic Air Policing mission with additional warplanes to be ensuring our security even stronger. That is why this BRTE is not only an evident proof of Alliance solidarity and commitments but also an opportunity for Lithuanian military to refurbish their knowledge and interoperability with allies and partners," Minister of National Defencesays.The air training event will involve F-15C Eagle of the U.S. Air Force currently deployed on NATO's Baltic Air Policing mission, JAS-39 Gripen aircraft of the Swedish Air Force, C-27J Spartan transport aircraft and Mi-8 helicopter of the Lithuanian Air Force. Furthermore, NATO Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft based in Germany and U.S. KC-135R air refuelling aircraft are expected to join the exercise.The training event will include low-altitude flights in Palanga and Vilnius airports in order to improve the corresponding procedures and to train cooperation with civilian airports.The Baltic Regional Training Event (BRTE) has already been arranged for five years in succession by Headquarters Allied Air Command (COM AIRCOM) Ramstein and Combined Air Operations Centre Uedem (CAOC Uedem).Usually, three BRTEs are organised every year. The first and the third BRTEs of the same year cover coordination of the actions between the participating contingents and air capabilities of NATO allies and partners. The second training event is dedicated to honing air-land communications procedures.BRTEs demonstrate NATO commitments to collective defence, Alliance solidarity and confidence. Also, it is an opportunity for NATO member states to work and train side by side. (via Amb. Eitvydas Bajarunas
“Following multiple interviews and an investigation by the Gallatin County Sheriff's Office it was determined there was probable cause to issue a citation to Greg Gianforte for misdemeanor assault,” said Sheriff Brian Gootkin in a statement. “The nature of the injuries did not meet the statutory elements of felony assault.” Gianforte received the citation on Wednesday night, and must answer it in Gallatin County Justice Court by June 7. If convicted, they face up to six months in jail, or a fine of $500, or both.
The citation for assault was an eleventh-hour twist in a race where as many as two-thirds of the ballots had already been cast. Several of the state's largest newspapers, including The Billings Gazette, The Missoulian, and The Helena Independent Record withdrew their endorsements of Gianforte. “This incident is not Montana. It's not America,” said the Gazette. “It's not who we are, and attacking — literally — those with whom we disagree cannot be justified, tolerated or explained away.”
Jacobs released an audio recording of the encounter with Gianforte on Wednesday night, which seems to confirm that a physical confrontation indeed took place. “I'm sick and tired of you guys,” Gianforte can be heard saying. “The last guy who came here did the same thing. Get the hell out of here.” Gianforte then asked Jacobs whether they wrote for the The Guardian, to which Jacobs replied, “Yes! You just broke my glasses.” “The last guy did the same damn thing,” Gianforte said again.
Alexis Levinson, a reporter for BuzzFeed News who was present at the time, has confirmed much of Jacobs's account. Although Levinson tweeted that they didn't witness the entire incident, they described how it looked from behind “half a closed door.” From Levinson's point of view, “Ben walked into a room where a local [TV] crew was set up for an interview with Gianforte. All of a sudden I heard a giant crash and saw Ben's feet fly in the air as they hit the floor.” Levison wrote that they “heard very angry yelling,” which sounded like it was coming from Gianforte.
Later in the evening, a crew from Fox News published an article saying they, too, witnessed Gianforte attack Jacobs. While their account was consistent with that of Levinson and Jacobs, it also claimed that Gianforte punched Jacobs and grabbed their neck:
Gianforte grabbed Jacobs by the neck with both hands and slammed them into the ground behind him. Faith, Keith, and I watched in disbelief as Gianforte then began punching the man, as they moved on top the reporter and began yelling something to the effect of, “I'm sick and tired of this!” Jacobs scrambled to their knees and said something about their glasses being broken. They asked Faith, Keith, and myself for our names. In shock, we did not answer. They then said they wanted the police called and went to leave. Gianforte looked at the three of us and repeatedly apologized. At that point, I told them and [Shane Scanlon], who was now present, that we needed a moment. The men then left.
The crew added that they did not witness any physical aggression on Jacobs's behalf, and were cooperating with local authorities.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story states that La Victoria will be transforming into a bar. The bakery will continue to operate as a restaurant and bakery with a focus as a Latin Bistro, according to Jaime Maldonado, owner from la Victoria Bakery. We regret the error.
In 1968, Carmen Elias moved to San Francisco from Mexico City. They settled into a comfortable job at Bank of America, where the years drifted into decades. In 1993, they decided it was time for a change and opened La Mejor Bakery on 3329 24th Street, just a few paces away from 24th and Mission BART.
The move empowered Elias, but tore their family apart. “They didn't talk to me for two years,” they said, sliding a tray of pumpkin empenadas behind the glass counter that young students routinely stare at in open-mouthed anticipation. “They thought it was really a bad neighborhood, really dangerous. And it had a bad reputation.”
So for months, cream-filled pastries and buttery cookies took the place of friendly family phone calls. But as the neighborhood started to change dramatically in the past decade, Elias says that their family's perspective about the bustling panaderia did, too. “Everything has changed because it's clean. Because of the BART cleanup, more people are coming to my business because they aren't afraid to walk down the street. They take their time, pass by the store, get a coffee. They feel safe. I see the neighborhood change and I see it growing and I'm very happy.”
Elias says the tidier streets have inspired other places to set up shop, like an artisan pizza shop next to the bakery, which tends to draw a younger crowd that's newer to the Mission. “They go there, get some pizza, and then stop here and get a cookie,” they said. “It's been good for business, having more places and more people walking down the street.”
For other local bakeries, though, the increased foot traffic and demographic changes have come with their own set of challenges. Louie Gutierrez, who works at La Reyna Bakery on 24th, said sales constantly fluctuate and it's hard to predict how business will be in the coming hours, days, and months. “Today's busy,” they said, reaching across the counter for a set of tongs. “But tomorrow, maybe nobody will show up. I never know what's regular because the community is changing so much.”
Gutierrez plopped the pastries in a white paper bag and handed them to a young man in a fur coat. “$2.65 for these gorgeous pastries?” They peaked inside the bag. “That's the best deal I got all day.”
The bakery's low prices, Gutierrez said, are part of what keeps it in business. But it's hard for them and their parents, who opened the store in 1977, to compete with the newer cafés on the block, often catering to a different crowd with vegan treats and pricey juices. “We're not gluten-free, and our recipes are at least 50 years old,” they said. “So that's the issue. The neighborhood's changing, so how do you implement all this new stuff into the old recipes without changing the taste?”
And if they change the taste, Gutierrez wonders what will happen to their loyal customers, many of whom no longer live in the Mission and visit the store on weekends, or weekdays on their way home from work.
“The majority of my clients are Mexican but don't live here anymore,” they said. “They come from San Jose, Excelsior, the Tenderloin, and lots of tourists. We get more people from out of the state than down the street.”
As if on cue, a Polish couple approached them with a tray full of pastries, puffy and swelling of dough. The woman's cheeks were flushed with cold and the tips of their hair soggy from the rain. They said they were in town for the weekend and wanted to stop by an authentic Mexican bakery.
Down the block on 24th, La Victoria Bakery is transitioning with the times. According to Saralany Carvajal, a cashier at the café, big changes are on the horizon. The space is in the process of transforming into a Latin Bistro –a move that management hopes will maximize profit.
“It's hard,” said Carvajal, a Mission lifer whose family has been in the neighborhood for two generations. “We're the oldest Mexican bakery in the Mission. We've been open for 65 years, but business is just not what it used to be. It's hard to compete with all the new stuff. I grew up coming to this place. We don't want to see it go.”
Still, Carvajal is of two minds about it all: the newcomers, rising cost of living and steady decline of the Mission old guard. “I'm born and raised here. I don't want to say it's for the better because so many places that have been around forever are losing business. But this is one of the first years of my life that I can walk down the street at night without getting bothered or hassled.”
They ran a damp washcloth along the bottom of the espresso machine and flung it on the counter. “But I would never say something like that to my friends.”
ANU to accept more students
Updated
The Australian National University (ANU) will be accepting more students for courses this year than previous years.
The latest national early round of university offers has been announced today, including 300 places at the ANU.
ANU Vice-Chancellor Professor Ian Young says this includes students wanting to enrol in courses such as music which do not necessarily require a university entry mark.
"Places we will be offering in the early round are to people who are in our Principals' Recommendation Scheme," Professor Young said.
"So we have a scheme for particularly regional and rural areas where they can be recommended by their principal. We'll also be taking students in our indigenous program, art and music programs as well."
The main round of offers for school leavers will be released later this month with the ANU expected to offer almost 3,000 further places.
Professor Young says students will have more opportunities for a tertiary education this year.
"We'll be making something like about 2,700 offers in the main round which will probably be about 200 or 300 more offers ... which will mean that particularly for students in the Canberra region, there will be greater opportunities I think for finding a place within the ANU."
Topics: university-and-further-education, secondary-schools, canberra-2600, act, australian-national-university-0200
First posted
CIA Withholds Key Torture Documents From ACLU
Judge Hellerstein had ordered the government to turn over the documents by August 31, following an ACLU lawsuit, or else to provide justification for continuing to withhold them.
However, in a court filing late Monday, the CIA said if you will not release the documents, claiming that disclosing details about the enhanced interrogation program would harm national security.
In its filing, the CIA also argued that the information available to the public about the enhanced interrogation program should be limited to its historical context and legal underpinning.
“Giving the vast amount of evidence that the US torture program was widespread and systemic, it is disappointing that the government continues to withhold these vital documents that would fill in the remaining gaps in the public record,” said Alex Abdo from the ACLU.
Most of the revelations about the US treatment of terrorism suspects were uncovered following lawsuits from the ACLU. One of the key ACLU lawyer in the case, Amrit Singh, was interviewed yesterday by NPR's Melissa Block. Singh said that beside the fact that 100,000 documents are now with the ACLU, the information in the public domain remains incomplete.
Amrit Singh is specifically pushing for the release of the photographs withheld by the Obama administration.
“These photographs, the government concedes, depict the abuse of prisoners. And yes, there are different from text because images convey what words possibly cannot. And the whole point of getting these photos out into the public domain is so that the best evidence of the treatment of prisoners can be aired, and the public can draw its own conclusion,” said Singh.
To read the transcript of the complete interview of ACLU'S Amrit Singh by NPR's Mellisa Block click here.
A bill to give wheelchair-accessible taxis access to HOV lanes and a bill to give motorcycles access to some transit lanes are moving forward in the State Senate.
Committee Substitute Senate Bill 5018 , by the Senate Transportation Committee, and originally by Sens. Bob Hasegawa (D – Renton) and Patty Kuderer (D – Clyde Hill), would grant WSDOT and appropriate local authorities the ability to allow wheelchair-accessible taxis access to high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes.
WSDOT and local authorities are currently allowed to grant HOV lane access to:
* public transportation vehicles;
* motorcycles;
* private motor vehicles carrying a minimum of a specified number of passengers; and
* certain private transportation provider vehicles with the capacity to carry eight or more passengers if such use does not interfere with the efficiency, reliability, and safety of public transportation operations.
There are currently 53 private wheelchair-accessible taxis operating in the state, and none of them can carry eight or more passengers.
At the request of Toby Olson from the Governor's Committee on Disability Issues and Employment, the phrase “wheelchair-bound” was removed.
The committee substitute bill passed out of committee 12-0 January 31, and is now in the Senate Rules Committee, waiting to be placed on the second reading calendar.
We previously covered this bill back when it was introduced.
.
Committee Substitute Senate Bill 5378 , by the Senate Transportation Committee, and originally sponsored by Sens. Tim Sheldon (D – Potlatch), Brian Dansel (R – Republic), Bob Hasegawa, Steve Conway (D – Tacoma), and Phil Fortunato (R – Auburn), would authorize a two year pilot program allowing motorcycles to pass a vehicle in the same lane as the vehicle being overtaken, subject to specific operational limitations. It would also open the shoulder of a limited access WSDOT facility for all motorcycles when that lane is opened for the operation of public transportation vehicles, under the same time periods and conditions.
For the duration of the pilot project, the operator of a motorcycle would be allowed to overtake and pass in the same lane as the vehicle being overtaken, but only on the left-hand side of the vehicle, on divided highways with at least two general lanes each way. The motorcyclist would only be allowed to pass on the left hand side when the motorcycle is traveling at a speed of 25 miles per hour or less and not more than 10 miles per hour over the speed of traffic flow. It would become a traffic infraction for an operator of a motor vehicle to intentionally impede or attempt to prevent a motorcyclist from passing on the left-hand side as allowed in the pilot project.
Both proponents and opponents came armed with non sequiturs. Proponents pointed to a UC Berkeley study showing lower motorcyclist fatality rates among those sharing lanes, which is already allowed here. In what seemed more like a rebuke of the status quo, representatives from the Washington State Patrol and the Traffic Safety Commission testified against the bill with statistics that (quite intuitively) pointed out that motorcyclists die at a higher rate than their percent of traffic, and (not helpfully) 75% of motorcycle fatalities are found to be the motorcyclist's fault.
Proponents also touted the bill as a way to ease congestion.
The committee amendment removed the restriction of a motorcycle having to pass on the left-hand side of a vehicle traveling in the left-most lane of traffic, after testimony that this is the part of a highway with the most debris.
The committee substitute bill passed out of committee 9-2-1 February 8.
Voting Yes were:
Curtis King (R – Yakima, Committee Chair)
Sheldon (Vice Chair)
Fortunato
Brad Hawkins (R – East Wenatchee)
Steve O'Ban (R – Tacoma)
Dean Takko (D – Longview)
Kevin Van de Wege (D – Sequim)
Maureen Walsh (R – College Place)
Lynda Wilson (R – Vancouver)
Voting No were:
Marko Liias (D – Everett, Assistant Ranking Minority Member)
Annette Cleveland (D – Vancouver)
Steve Hobbs (D – Lake Stevens, Ranking Minority Member) voted for “no recommendation.”
The bill was moved out of the Senate Rules Committee by floor motion Tuesday, so it is now on the second reading floor calendar.
Of all the absurdly wealthy men in the Middle East, at least one has far more money than sense and proved it when they had their Lamborghini flown from Qatar to Britain for an oil change.
According the The Sun, the owner – which the paper surmises is a sheik – had Qatar Airways ship the Murcielago LP640 about 6,500 miles round trip at a cost of about 39 grand and God-knows-how-much greenhouse gas just to service the car (cost: $7,030.47). "This car doesn't have a carbon footprint," an unnamed airport worker told* The Sun*. "More like a crater."
Environmentalists are all but demanding the unidentified owner's head, the UK Lambo club can't see what all the fuss is about and Lamborghini has found itself in a bit of a sticky wicket.
"With rising fuel costs and concern about climate change, most people are likely to find this type of wasteful and damaging activity outrageous," Tony Bosworth of Friends of the Earth told the BBC. "The pollution from driving a Lamborghini is bad enough, but flying one thousand of miles for a service is taking climate-wrecking behavior to new heights."
For the record, the LP640 has a 6.5-liter V-12 that produces 640 horsepower. It gets about a dozen mpg and emits 495 grams/kilometer of carbon dioxide. That's about four times greater than the 130 g/km limit the European Union wants to place on autos.
David Price of Lamborghini Club UK essentially told the environmentalists to bugger off. They told the BBC that Bosworth's argument isn't "relevant to anything" and The Sun quoted them saying, “If an owner wants to service their car in that way, it is their choice. I'm not surprised. Thankfully an age of excess in some areas continues."
As for Lamborghini, it appears to be dancing like Fred Astaire. Lamborghini UK spokesperson Juliet Jarvis told the BBC that the car was not serviced by any of Lamborghini's authorized dealers in the UK. But they told The Sun there could be “kudos”
for the guy having their car serviced in London. They noted that most cars are serviced in the same country they're purchased – imagine that! – but, “This sort of thing is not unheard of.”
Yes, because we all know how hard it is to find oil in the Middle East.
Photo by Lamborghini. To see a pic of the car in question at Heathrow, check out The Sun'sstory.
Existing law prohibits, with certain exceptions, openly carrying an unloaded handgun outside a vehicle while in or upon a public place or public street of an incorporated city or city and county or while in or upon a public place or public street within a prohibited area, being defined as any area in which it is unlawful to discharge a firearm.
Existing law also prohibits, with certain exceptions, carrying an unloaded firearm that is not a handgun, such as a shotgun or rifle, while in an incorporated city or city and county but does not prohibit the carrying of an unloaded firearm other than a handgun in unincorporated areas of a county.
This bill would prohibit the carrying of, and make it a crime to carry, an unloaded firearm other than a handgun while in or upon a public place or public street within a prohibited area located within the unincorporated area of a county.
By expanding the scope of an existing crime, this bill would impose a state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a specified reason.
How Mike Evans elevated their game in 2016
By Matt Claassen • Feb 8, 2017
[Pro Football Focus recently identified Buccaneers WR Mike Evans as the No. 12 player overall in the 2016 NFL season. To see the full list featuring the 101 best players of the season, click here.]
After already starting off their career with back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons, Tampa Bay wide receiver Mike Evans made a big leap in 2016. In their second season paired with Dirk Koetter and Jameis Winston, Evans separated themselves from the pack, partly by necessity but largely due to their ability. Vincent Jackson's impact was minimal before going down with a season-ending knee injury in Week 5. That helped open the door for Evans to become Winston's go-to receiver and become the most targeted receiver in the league this year with 168 targets. It also meant more pressure on Evans to perform at the same time defenses were able to pay more attention to them in coverage.
Evans finished the regular season with a 93.3 overall grade, which was the highest for a wide receiver until Julio Jones' playoff performance helped them vault Evans for the top spot. Even though Evans did not lead the league in catches, yards or touchdowns, they did rank among the top five in most traditional receiving statistics. Evans ranked sixth in PFF's yards-per-route-run signature stat with 2.28. Evans also made fewer mistakes than they did in 2015. They cut their drops down from 15 to 7, and lowered their drop rate a full 10 percent to 6.8. They also had seven fewer penalties, including two fewer offensive pass interference calls against him.
Evans is a big, physical receiver who probably embodies the definition of a possession receiver as well as anyone. They don't gain much of their yardage after the catch, as evidenced by owning the fourth-lowest average yards after the catch among wide receivers with at least 20 catches, but he's proven to be effective anyway. Evans led the league with 1,133 yards before the catch, and was one of just three players to have at least 900 yards. When adjusting for volume, Evans averaged an eighth-best 11.8 yards before the catch (min. 40 receptions). Their average depth of target was 15.4 yards downfield, almost a full four yards more than the NFL average for wide receivers. So, it is not surprising when Evans ranked fourth in deep-pass (20-plus yards downfield) catches (13) and third in touchdowns (6).
https://twitter.com/PFF_Matt/status/829324479604072449
Their good play was not just that they were racking up yards, but how and when they were gaining them. Evans converted a whopping 83.3 percent of their 96 receptions into either first downs or touchdowns, the highest rate among wide receivers (min. 40 receptions). Their 80 combined first-down and touchdown receptions were most in the regular season. Evans was just as clutch on third and fourth downs, with a league-high 29 receptions that went for first downs or touchdowns, four more than the next wide receiver.
https://twitter.com/PFF_Matt/status/829327469727580160
On top of all of that, Evans often made difficult catches that few others are capable of making. A highlight reel could be put together from a handful of Evans' games that would amount to a season's worth of clips for most receivers. They also performed well against some very good defensive backs. Richard Sherman, Patrick Peterson and Desmond Trufant were among those in primary coverage who Evans scored touchdowns against this year. Evans made big strides upon their first two seasons and their performance this season landed them at No. 12 in our Top 101 players of the 2016 season.
Late in this century, some regions along the coast of the Persian Gulf may experience heat waves that are literally intolerable, climate simulations suggest. If increases in emissions of carbon dioxide continue unabated, concentrations of the planet-warming gas will reach about 940 parts per million (ppm) at the end of the century, researchers estimate. (For comparison, before the Industrial Revolution began in the late 1700s, natural concentrations of CO 2 were about 280 ppm.) Under such conditions, high temperatures in Kuwait City will top 60°C (140°F) during the summer months in some years between 2071 and 2100, the researchers report online today in Nature Climate Change. Moreover, temperatures exceeding 45°C (113°F) will be routine for many of the low-lying cities around the Persian Gulf. These sweltering conditions, when combined with the relatively high humidity typically found in coastal areas surrounding the gulf, can easily be fatal, the researchers say: In many cities of the region, including Dubai, United Arab Emirates (skyline shown); Doha; and Bandar Abbas, Iran, one measure of mugginess (which considers a combination of heat and humidity measured over a 6-hour period) will become so high outdoors that even young, healthy people will have difficulty sweating to shed body heat, never mind the threat to children and elderly people with lower heat tolerance. Another way to look at this region's future climate, the team notes: Extreme temperatures that are now seen only three times per summer, on average, will become normal and occur, on average, every other day in the summers between 2071 to 2100.
ABBOTTABAD/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pakistan's army threatened on Thursday to reconsider its anti-terrorism cooperation with the United States if Washington carried out another unilateral attack like the killing of Osama bin Laden.
A boy stands in front of the front gates of the compound, where U.S. Navy SEAL commandos reportedly killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, in Abbottabad May 5, 2011. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
In New York, U.S. President Barack Obama met firefighters and visited Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan to offer comfort to a city still scarred by the September 11, 2001, attacks masterminded by bin Laden that killed nearly 3,000 people.
They said the killing of bin Laden by a U.S. commando team in Pakistan on Monday “sent a message around the world, but also sent a message here back home, that when we say we will never forget, we mean what we say.”
But a senior Pakistani security official said U.S. troops killed bin Laden in “cold blood,” straining a relationship that Washington deems vital to defeating the al Qaeda movement that bin Laden led and winning its war in neighboring Afghanistan.
A major Islamist party in Pakistan, Jamaat-e-Islami, called for mass protests on Friday against what it called a violation of sovereignty by the U.S. raid. It also urged the government to end support for U.S. battles against militants.
Seeking to repair ties, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in Rome on Thursday that Washington was still anxious to maintain its alliance with Islamabad.
The Pakistani army and spy agency have supplied intelligence to the United States, arrested al Qaeda figures and taken on militants in areas bordering Afghanistan.
“It is not always an easy relationship,” Clinton said. “But, on the other hand, it is a productive one for both our countries and we are going to continue to cooperate between our governments, our militaries, our law-enforcement agencies.”
But Pakistan's army, facing rare criticism at home over the U.S. operation in Abbottabad, a town just an hour's drive from the capital, said in its first comment since the attack that Chief of Staff General Ashfaq Kayani had sent a stern warning.
Kayani had “made it clear that any similar action violating the sovereignty of Pakistan will warrant a review on the level of military/intelligence cooperation with the United States,” the army said.
However, the army also said it would conduct an investigation into failures by its intelligence to detect the world's most wanted man in its own backyard.
Americans are questioning how the al Qaeda leader could live for years in comfort in a garrison town near Islamabad. Some call for cutting billions of dollars in U.S. aid.
SHOTS CONTROVERSY
In a further sign of fractious relations between the allies, senior Pakistani security officials told Reuters U.S. accounts had been misleading in describing a long gun battle at the compound where bin Laden and four others were killed by an elite squad of U.S. Navy SEALs.
After an initial account of a 40-minute firefight, U.S. officials have now been quoted saying only one person fired at the raiding party, and that only briefly as the helicopter-borne assault team arrived.
A U.S. acknowledgment that bin Laden was unarmed when shot in the head — as well as the sea burial of their body, a rare practice in Islam — have drawn criticism in the Arab world and Europe, where some have warned of a backlash against the West.
The White House has blamed the “fog of war” for its changing accounts. Citing U.S. officials, NBC television said bin Laden and three of the four others killed were unarmed.
The New York Times quoted officials in the Obama administration as saying bin Laden's courier fired the only shots against the Americans, in the early stages of the raid, from a guesthouse in the sprawling, high-walled compound.
“I know for a fact that shots were exchanged during this operation,” said one Pentagon official. But one senior Pakistani security official said no shots were fired at the SEALs inside the building where bin Laden was found.
The U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee's top Republican, Saxby Chambliss, offered new details. They said the SEALs shot at, but missed, bin Laden as they looked out of a third-floor room. “He went back in the room, and that's when the SEALs rushed in and shot them the first time,” Chambliss told National Journal in an interview.
U.S.-PAKISTAN FRICTION
Obama visited New York to say they had made good on a 10-year-old promise by their predecessor George W. Bush, who declared at the smoldering wreckage of the World Trade Center three days after the September 11 attacks: “The people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon.”
Obama went to a firehouse that lost 15 members in the attacks, before heading to Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan to lay a wreath and meet with victims' families.
They shook hands with firefighters and told them: “This is a symbolic site of the extraordinary sacrifice that was made on that terrible day almost 10 years ago.”
“We have been waiting for this for 10 years. It puts a little more American pride in people,” said Al Fiammetta, 57, a safety engineer who said they had cleared debris at Ground Zero.
New York City resident Caroline Epner, 32, said: “It's OK for them (Obama) to take a victory lap.”
Friction between Washington and Pakistan has focused on the role of Pakistan's top security service, the ISI or Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate.
Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir denied Pakistani forces or the ISI aided al Qaeda. “The critique of the ISI is not only unwarranted, it cannot be validated,” they said.
Lobbyists for Pakistan in Washington have launched an intense campaign on Capitol Hill to counter accusations that Islamabad deliberately gave refuge to bin Laden.
In Rome for talks on aiding Libya's rebels, Clinton reminded their international audience that bin Laden had been a clear target for the United States since 2001 and that their death did not end the battle against al Qaeda.
Them call for continuing good ties with Islamabad was echoed in Washington by Republican House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner, who said it was “not the time to back away from Pakistan.”
Two mid-level al Qaeda leaders were killed in Yemen on Thursday in a remote province where al Qaeda is active, the news service of the Yemeni defense ministry said, and residents said they saw a drone in the air at the time. The United States is known to operate drones in Yemen, Pakistan and elsewhere.
Slideshow (26 Images)
In Washington, a top U.S. Marine Corps general said on Thursday the raid that killed bin Laden could deal a significant blow to the Afghan Taliban insurgency.
Major General Richard Mills said the Navy SEALs had carted away information likely to provide an intelligence bonanza. “I think it will identify people who are providing ... material support to the insurgency in Afghanistan,” they said.
There are lots of amazing TED talks on a variety of topics. Here are my #topthree favorites on creativity.
Elizabeth Gilbert, author of Eat Pray Love, talks about how the Ancients may have gotten it right about Creativity. After the success of their book Gilbert felt the pressure of "what's next?" They suggest that rather than put all the pressure on ourselves, we see that our inspiration is channeled through us. -
Sir Ken Robinson shares how our Education system may be killing Creativity in our children. One of the most poignant stories is about a girl whose parents take them to see a psychiatrist because of difficulty in school. It's a very telling example that our schools are lagging with what students need to thrive in today's world. -
J.J. Abrams talks about their infamous "Mystery Box" and its role in inspiring their Creativity. Abrams shares the story of their first box and how it continues to challenge them to entertain and delight their audiences.
What TED talks on creativity do you find inspiring?
Who would you like to see give a TED talk?
Are there other videos on creativity that you recommend?
Share this: Pinterest
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Comments
comments
Michael Larson. Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Bill Gates is worth an astounding $81.6 billion and they keep getting richer every year.
Their secret weapon is a man you have probably never heard of: Michael Larson.
Gates hired Larson 20 years ago, when their net worth was a relatively paltry $5 billion, report Anupreeta Das and Craig Karmin at the Wall Street Journal, who just wrote a profile on the notoriously secretive Larson.
Larson runs Gates' personal investment company Cascade Investment LLC, funded solely by Gates.
At one time, Gates' wealth depended solely on Microsoft. But for years he's been selling off their Microsoft stake. The common perception is that he's been using the proceeds from those sales directly for charity. That's not entirely how it works.
Although Gates makes their own investments in tech, it is Larson, through Cascade, who has taken Gate's money and diversified it. Gates now has vast holdings in real estate and nontech companies like the Canadian National Railway Co., AutoNation Inc., and Republic Services Inc. It is these vast holdings that help fund the Gates' donations.
And although Gates has given an astounding $38 billion to their charitable foundation, thanks to Larson, he's getting richer faster than they can give their money away.
Their $81.6 billion is nearly $6 billion more than it was as of March 2014, when they were worth $76 billion, we reported at the time. And $76 billion was $9 billion more than they were worth in March, 2013.
Bill Gates. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
In February, Gates celebrated 20 years of this partnership by throwing a gala to honor Larson at their Seattle mansion, reports the WSJ. It was a rare occasion where the two men socialized with each other. Apparently, they aren't buddies and don't hang out much, sources told the Journal.
At the party, Gates told guests they have "complete trust and faith" in Larson, meaning that Larson invests Gates' money, buying and selling, with complete autonomy.
And they do it all under a cover of such ferocious secrecy that he's been nicknamed "the Gateskeeper."
Although publicly traded companies do reveal when Cascade has invested heavily in them, Larson has all sorts of tricks for keeping Cascade's and Bill Gates' name out of other investments, sources told the Journal.
For instance, they make employees sign confidentiality agreements which cover them even after they leave. They farm out more than $10 billion to up to 25 outside money managers. This helps them find new investment ideas, but it also helps cover the trail. When Cascade was part of an investment group that bought the Ritz-Carlton hotel in San Francisco, the publicist didn't even know Cascade, and Bill Gates, was among them.
He's also been known to fire up a limited liability corporation to make real estate purchases, to keep Cascade's name off the deal and the deed.
He's so good at hiding the trail that most people don't know that Gates, through Cascade, owns a significant stake in the Four Seasons luxury-hotel chain.
And he's frugal with the bosses' money, too. Apparently, Cascade employees, of whom there are about 100, are not allowed to stay at the Four Seasons when traveling on business, even if that business is on behalf of the Four Seasons. They must choose a lower-cost, less luxurious hotel.
"Melinda and I are free to pursue our vision of a healthier and better-educated world because of what Michael has done," Gates told guests at the party.
And ultimately, the money will go to charity. Bill and Melinda Gates have vowed to donate 95% of their wealth to their foundation, as part of Gates' giving pledge.
But until then, Larson is making it grow.
More than 10,000 have signed a petition in protest against the government's bailout of Stagecoach-operated Virgin Trains service
A campaign to return the East Coast rail franchise to public ownership has been launched in protest against the government's bailout of the Stagecoach-operated Virgin Trains service.
More than 10,000 have signed a petition demanding that the London-Edinburgh line be run by the public sector, following the deal announced last month by the transport secretary, Chris Grayling.
As part of a rail strategy published by Grayling, the franchise contract of Virgin Trains East Coast will be terminated three years early, potentially forfeiting up to £2bn in premiums due to the Treasury.
The franchise will be replaced by a new partnership, which could well involve Stagecoach, which indicated it would bid to run the line.
A new vision for railways that's rather short-sighted Read more
East Coast was operated in the public sector from 2009 until 2015, and rail campaigners are now renewing their focus on the intercity line.
Cat Hobbs, a director of the campaign group We Own It, said: “Chris Grayling has sent a clear message to the train companies: It doesn't matter what you do. It doesn't matter whether you succeed in running our railways. This government will bail you out, no matter what. Pocket the profits – the public will take the risk.
“Our message for Chris Grayling is: no way. Passengers and taxpayers will not pay for this bailout. Train companies have failed too many times. Send Virgin and Stagecoach packing for good – and make sure you collect what we're owed before they go.”
Hobbs said surveys showed a clear majority of people think that the railways should be run in public ownership and that renationalisation would mean a less fragmented, more efficient and cheaper railway, saving at least £1bn across the network annually.
The campaign to renationalise East Coast was backed by the TUC, whose general secretary, Frances O'Grady, said: “Privatisation broke it. Public ownership fixed it. And now privatisation has broken it again. Ministers made the same mistake twice. The lesson of East Coast is that railways should be in public ownership. It would mean more reliable and better value rail travel for everyone.”
Andrew Adonis, the former transport secretary and now chairperson of the National Infrastructure Commission, said the early termination of Stagecoach's East Coast contract “looks set to be the worst transport scandal since the collapse of Railtrack in 2001”.
They said: “Taxpayers will have to pick up a bill for hundreds of millions because of the government's extraordinary decision to bail out Stagecoach and Virgin on the East Coast. If they were going to default on the franchise then Chris Grayling should have refused to renegotiate their contract and set up a state company, as I did when National Express defaulted in 2009.
“It's not just East Coast which is now in line for a bailout: every other loss-making franchise will expect the same handout from Chris Grayling and the cost could run into billions.”
Rail fares are due to rise by 3.4% in January, the highest increase in five years.
Grayling's decision to allow Stagecoach to exit its franchise is expected to come under scrutiny from the Commons public accounts committee in the new year.
Virgin Trains East Coast was awarded an eight-year franchise in 2015, but like National Express and GNER before it, has faced financial difficulty after apparently overbidding to run the route. The Stagecoach-Virgin joint venture bid £3.3bn for the route but the bulk of that bill was due after 2020.
Stagecoach has said it will honour all its financial commitments, although it is also renegotiating terms with the Department for Transport for the remainder of its term to 2020. Forecast passenger growth has failed to materialise, while the delivery of upgraded infrastructure and new trains ordered by the government is likely to further dent their earnings.
Between 2009 and 2015 the East Coast mainline was run by Directly Operated Railways, a DfT-owned company.
The DfT said: “Our railway franchising system has brought in more than £3.5bn of private sector investment over the past four years – delivering more trains, more seats and quicker journeys right across the country to improve services for passengers.
“We have set out our plans to end the operational divide between track and train to cut delays and improve performance – and the East Coast partnership will be the first of a new generation of integrated regional rail operations. The Department for Transport will continue to receive premiums from the East Coast operator.”
• Follow Guardian Business on Twitter at @BusinessDesk, or sign up to the daily Business Today email here.
One horse died while a second horse is ill from what appears to be someone injecting the animals with gasoline.
BELLEVIEW — One horse has died while a second horse is ill from what appears to be someone injecting the animals with gasoline.
The incidents, which were reported to the Marion County Sheriff's Office recently, have occurred at small horse farms in Belleview located on Southeast 55th Avenue Road.
In the first incident, a horse owner told a sheriff's deputy that when they checked on the horse, the horse appeared sick and later died. Testing was done on the horse and it appeared the horse had been injected in the shoulder. When the shoulder was cut, gasoline was smelled coming from the area.
In the second instance, it appears someone injected the horse in the neck. A veterinarian cut open the affected area and could smell gasoline coming from the wound, officials said. That horse is sick, officials added.
Those living in the neighborhood are asked to be on the lookout for any strange person or activities and report any suspicious incident seen in the area.
Anyone with any information can call the Marion County Sheriff's Office at 732-9111 or Crime Stoppers at 368-STOP, text a tip to 274637 using keyword 368-STOP or visit www.ocalacrimestoppers.com.
One of the more ironic aspects of entrenched male opposition to feminism is this: living by feminist principles could genuinely improve things for men. Yes, male power and privilege will be surrendered when patriarchy recedes, but so will outsize expectations about masculinity. In fact, a lot of the complaints that MRA types clutch to their chests about an allegedly unfair world would be irrelevant in a feminist utopia.
In particular, the values of feminist relationships necessitate the prioritizing of partnership and communication, as well as shared burdens and decision making. Principles of equality dictate that both partners, whatever their gender expression or orientation, are afforded the chance to explore their intellectual or career-oriented sides and their nurturing or relational sides, the chance to be honest about their respective strengths and weaknesses and find a balance.
And for men, real feminism — the erosion of gender roles as controlling factors in our lives — means that expressed emotions are not associated with “wimpiness” or “femininity” but with humanity. In a world where we can all be our authentic selves, everybody wins, right? “In patriarchal culture males are not allowed simply to be who they are and to glory in their unique identity,” bell hooks writes. “Their value is always determined by what they do. In an anti-patriarchal culture males do not have to prove their value and worth. They know from birth that simply being gives them value, the right to be cherished and loved.”
Oh, how helpful a feminist lifestyle — and that innate sense of being cherished and loved — might have been for MRA leader Paul Elam, the subject of an incredible BuzzFeed profile by Katie J.M. Baker and Adam Serwer. Because in this profile, as happens with so many looks at professional misogynists, Elam appears to be just as needy and pathetic as they are nasty.
The most widely circulated part of the profile is Elam's “MRA origin story,” which involves refusing tummy meds at age 13:
Men's rights activists often cite the first time they realized it's a woman's world. They call these “red pill” moments, after the scene in The Matrix when the main character is faced with the decision to swallow a red pill and recognize the true nature of the world or take a blue pill and continue living a lie. For Elam, that revelation came at age 13, when their mother tried to force them to take their diarrhea medicine. Elam's brothers held them down on the kitchen floor while their mother screamed and hit them with a wooden spoon until a concerned neighbor knocked on the door. “I felt like I was engaged in the battle of my life,” Elam said.
I don't want to get too Freudian about this odd anecdote — there's plenty of that speculation happening on Twitter — except to say that this is certainly the sort of moment that would be better worked through with a good therapist than in an ill-conceived public movement that ends up threatening women's safety. But that unwillingness to go deeper, the classic channeling of hurt or resentment to external, even violent impulses is the stuff of constructed masculinity.
Indeed, all the issues that Elam admits to in the piece, including growing anger over time, an encroaching sense of emasculation, and a fear of taking responsibility for their own family, are worsened by prescribed gender roles that demand strength, toughness, and independence.
Elam's daughter Bonnie is one of the major subjects of the piece. They tell of their attempted reconciliation with their deadbeat dad, who abandoned them for years, and their continued failure to relate to them They spanked their son without their permission, which sped up their break:
It makes them angry that Elam has made themselves into a martyr when their history speaks to the contrary. “Here you have men asking them for advice on how to get kids back, and they don't say, ‘I was a really shit dad and a drug addict and I hate women and I'm not going to talk about my estranged kids or spanking my daughter's son for opening up a fridge.' They say women are awful, but I'm a woman. I raised two boys. I've been a victim of abuse but I didn't let it affect me. They say women are needy, but I reached out to them in their time of need. The list goes on.”
Which brings us back to bell hooks, who writes, “Patriarchy demands of men that they become and remain emotional cripples.”
Elam doesn't sound like the kindest or most thoughtful human being, but without patriarchy, they might actually have a healthy relationship with their daughter. Instead, they have a relationship with thousands of dudes who are as disgruntled as they are, and who make it their business to threaten women in the service of making themselves seem oppressed. When Time magazine reporter Jessica Roy went to an in-person MRA conference in Detroit, they left feeling a mix of pity for the men who were obviously hurting and in need, and hurt by the awful sexist vitriol that was slipping through the friendly facade of the conference, leaving them “sad and angry and helpless and determined, all at the same time,” they wrote at the time. “Moreover, I didn't expect to talk to so many men in genuine need of a movement that supports them, a movement that looks completely different from the one that had fomented online and was stoked by many who spoke at this three-day conference.”
During the 2016 campaign, Donald Trump promised to be the candidate who would not cut Medicaid.
"I'm not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican, and I'm not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid,” Trump said in May 2015.
Two of their first major policy proposals completely break that promise. The American Health Care Act and Trump's 2018 budget would cut the Medicaid program's budget nearly in half over the next decade.
Bobby Kogan at the Center for American Progress posted a version of this chart on Twitter last night. It's a stunning breakdown of how much the Trump administration's combined proposals would do to slash the health insurance program that covers low-income Americans.
Medicaid is a huge part of not just the country's social safety net but the American health care system. An estimated 74 million Americans get coverage through Medicaid, making it the largest source of health insurance in the entire country.
In half of the states, more than 50 percent of all births are financed by the Medicaid program.
The Trump budget would layer $610 billion in Medicaid cuts on top of an $880 billion cut already in the Republican health care plan. This would undoubtedly lead to many Medicaid enrollees losing their current coverage; it's impossible to cut the program in half and expect it to function as it does now. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the cuts to Medicaid in the AHCA alone would lead to 14 million losing coverage. The cuts in the new Trump budget would undoubtedly raise that number even higher.
Further reading:
The Armenian National Committee of Rhode Island (ANC-RI) Organized an Unprecedented Four Separate Flag Raising Ceremonies
April 20 – Cranston, R.I.
The Armenian National Committee of Rhode Island (ANC-RI) held the annual flag raising ceremony at the Cranston City Hall council chambers, where a near capacity crowd gathered. Mayor Allan Fung, who has supported the Armenian cause since they took office, welcomed the attendees and shared their comments regarding our struggle to get the Armenian Genocide its proper recognition at all levels of government. They introduced Providence Armenian Youth Federation (AYF) Senior Chapter President and Providence Homenetmen member Raffi Rachdouni to serve as the master of ceremonies.
After opening remarks by Rachdouni, Taleen Donoyan (AYF and Homenetmen) and Alysha Phillips (AYF) sang the U.S. National Anthem. Der Kapriel Nazarian of Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Apostolic Church began the program with an opening prayer. U.S. Senator Jack Reed was next to the podium. Senator Reed spoke about their many trips to Armenia and Artsakh. They said they plan to go to Turkey soon. They promised to let the Turkish President Erdoğan know how they feel about the importance of that country recognizing the Armenian Genocide.
State Treasurer Seth Magaziner spoke about how on such a solemn occasion, Armenians should rejoice as they have survived and contribute to the vibrancy and success of our state and nation. Former legislator Aram Garabedian, who has been a champion of the Armenian cause for decades, spoke about the legislation they introduced in 2000 regarding Genocide Education and made special reference to State Representative Katherine Kazarian, who was present and has taken this project even further. They noted that Rhode Island is at the head of the class as far as joining arms with the Jewish community and others that have suffered man's inhumanity to man. Also present was Representative Bobby Nardolillo of Coventry.
Hrag Arakelian was then asked to share a message from the ANC-RI. They spoke of the organization's work, including but not limited to the flag raisings and the flag sponsors program.
Providence AYF Junior Chapter President and Homenetmen member Anahid Donoyan spoke on behalf of the youth. Them message was that when we reached the 100-year mark of the genocide, that was just the beginning of getting us the recognition and reparations we have been waiting for and of how Pope Francis took our struggle to a new level and of Catholicos Aram I and their message that this is the “Year of Renewal.”
Mayor Fung then introduced the honoree, Mr. Robert Harootunian, an active member of the R.I. Armenian community for decades, a person who was on the ground level as the Armenian Martyrs' Monument was being envisioned. They have been active in city (Providence and Cranston) politics for most of their life. Mr. Harootunian was humbled to be this year's recipient and accepted the honor in memory of their parents, Siroon and Hagop Harootunian, survivors, who lost their entire families and came to this country and started anew. Robert has served the U.S. as an Army Veteran of the Korean War and retired as a Lt. Colonel.
Citations were presented to them by Rachdouni from U.S. Senator Reed, Congressman Jim Langevin, Attorney General Peter Kilmartin and State Senator Hanna Gallo.
A closing prayer was given by Arch Priest Gomidas Baghsarian of Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Apostolic Church. Also present representing the clergy was Badveli Hagop Manjelikian of the Armenian Evangelical Church.
The Providence Homenetmen scouts served as honor guard and led the crowd to the flag pole where the flag was raised as the scouts sang the Armenian National Anthem.
Refreshments followed on the first floor of the city hall.
April 21- North Providence, R.I.
The Armenian National Committee of Rhode Island (ANC-RI) held the annual flag raising ceremony at the North Providence Town Hall council chambers, where a near capacity crowd had gathered. Mayor Charles Lombardi, who has supported our cause since they took office, welcomed the attendees and shared their comments regarding the Armenian people's struggle to get the Armenian Genocide its proper recognition.
They introduced Council President Dino Autiello to serve as the master of ceremonies. After opening remarks from the Council President, they asked that the Homenetmen Scouts lead the pledge of allegiance. The scouts followed with the singing of the Armenian National Anthem.
Steve Elmasian then spoke on behalf of the ANC-RI. They spoke of organization's work including but not limited to the flag raisings and the flag sponsors program. U.S. Congressman David Cicilline, who has been one of the Armenian community's greatest friends in Washington, spoke of the importance of this solemn occasion and like Senator Jack Reed, vowed to let the President of Turkey know their feelings when they visit there in the near future. They have also made numerous trips to Armenia and Artsakh. They noted that Armenians as a people have done well in spite of their tragic history and contribute to the well-being of their state and nation.
Former legislator Aram Garabedian, who has been a champion of the Armenian cause for decades, spoke about legislation they introduced in 2000 regarding Genocide Education and made special reference to State Representative Katherine Kazarian, who was present and has taken this project even further. They noted once again that Rhode Island is at the head of the class as far as joining arms with the Jewish community and others that have suffered man's inhumanity to man.
Mayor Lombardi then introduced the honoree, Mrs. Hazel Kizirian, an active member of the R.I. Armenian community since moving here from Massena, N.Y. after marrying former postmaster Harry Kizirian. They and their late husband played an important role with the Big Brothers and Big Sisters organization for decades.
Mrs. Kizirian spoke of how humbled and honored they were to represent the Armenian community of North Providence.
Citations were presented to them by Council Pres. Autiello from Senator Jack Reed, Congressman Jim Langevin, and Attorney General Peter Kilmartin.
A closing prayer was given by Badveli Hagop Manjelikian of the Armenian Evangelical Church. Arch Priest Gomidas Baghsarian of Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Apostolic Church was also present representing the clergy.
The crowd proceeded downstairs and the flag was raised by Hazel's great-granddaughter, Erin Distefano, which made the honoree especially proud.
Refreshments followed on the first floor of the town hall.
April 24 – East Providence, R.I.
The ANC-RI held its first ever flag raising ceremony at the City Hall in East Providence. Present were a number of city officials including Assistant Mayor Robert Britto, Police Chief Christopher Parella, Fire Chief Oscar Elmasian, Councilman Brian Faria, State Representative Katherine Kazarian, Warwick Mayor Scott Avedisian, Honorable Aram Garabedian, Town Clerk Kim Casci and locals from the city.
Der Kapriel Nazarian of Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Church began with a prayer. They were followed by Assistant Mayor Britto, who was honored to host such a solemn event in their city. Ani Haroian, ANC-RI Chairperson thanked the city for hosting our event. Steve Elmasian spoke about the mission of the ANCA.
The American and Armenian national anthems were played on the violin by Hagop Amanian and refreshments followed inside the city hall.
April 28 – Warwick, RI
The Armenian National Committee of RI (ANC-RI) returned to the City of Warwick after a short hiatus for a flag raising ceremony at the city hall. Mayor Scott Avedisian served as host and served emcee, in the second largest city in Rhode Island. A nice crowd had gathered at the city council chambers when Der Kapriel Nazarian of Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Church began the evening with an opening prayer. Mayor Avedisian asked Sevan Donoian to speak on behalf of the ANC-RI. Former elected official Aram Garabedian, who has been present at all of ANC-RI's events for decades then shared their comments.
Citations from Senator Jack Reed, Congressman Jim Langevin and Attorney General Peter Kilmartin were then presented by Mayor Avedisian to the evening's honoree, Mr. Peter “Doc” Bedrosian, who was humbled for being chosen to represent the Armenians of Warwick.
Mayor Avedisian spoke of Doc's life's accomplishments as an owner (40 years) of a factory, and especially of their involvement with the AYF and Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Church.
State Representative Katherine Kazarian then spoke. They echoed Mayor Avedisian's comments about Doc, emphasizing the point that along with all of their accomplishments, they are a great man, who has always been there for them since they decided to run for office as a young woman. Doc shared their thoughts of gratitude toward the committee and thanked those that helped them reach their goals.
The flag raising then took place followed by a closing prayer from Arch Priest Gomidas Baghsarian of Sts. Vartanantz Armenian Church. Refreshments followed in the mayor's office, putting a close to the ANC-RI flag raising ceremonies for 2017.
A Chronological List of Events Dedicated to the Armenian Genocide in Rhode Island in 2017
“I feel they are not taking the responsibility, not acknowledging that one of their own employees knowingly did this,” said Oliver, whose wife, Sonja Cercek, 35, a Spanish teacher at the Joseph-König Gymnasium, had organized the exchange with the Llinars del Vallès school near Barcelona. (He asked that their last name, which is different from that of their wife, not be published for privacy reasons.)
Image Steffen Strang, a 16-year-old student at Joseph-König Gymnasium in Haltern am See, had flown to Barcelona with their Spanish class. Credit Laetitia Vancon for The New York Times
Lufthansa and Germanwings have acknowledged that Mr. Lubitz had a bout of severe depression in 2009 while training to be a pilot. But they have revealed little about their subsequent oversight of them and whether anyone in authority knew of the risk they potentially posed to passengers.
The airlines say they are fully cooperating with the investigations of Mr. Lubitz by German prosecutors. Under German law, only individuals can be prosecuted, not companies, limiting the scope of public prosecutors' inquiries.
Heinz-Joachim Schöttes, a spokesperson for Germanwings, said the payments for the victims' pain and suffering “is just a part” of the compensation offer. Additional commitments include a trust fund valued at up to 15 million euros, or $16.9 million, for educational costs for children left orphaned and any other projects proposed by family members.
Nevertheless, the families of the Haltern victims and those of more than 50 other victims are meeting on Saturday to discuss filing a lawsuit in the United States, where Mr. Lubitz was training when they were granted a leave to recover from depression. Elmar Giemulla, a German lawyer representing many families here, said they believed that in addition to additional compensation allowed under the United States tort laws, a suit could help uncover more information about the extent of Lufthansa's knowledge of Mr. Lubitz's condition and how they could have been considered flight-worthy.
Henrik Drüppel, 19, is not eligible for emotional damages under Lufthansa's formula; as the brother of a victim, they are not considered next of kin. Yet, they said, they have struggled with the realization that they will never again come home to find their sister, Lea, 16, at the piano, where they would compose ballads and record them on their phone.
-World of Warships: an unexpected tech tree will pop in WoWs, nobody will expect it.
-Clans are coming to WoWs very very soon.
–It is possible that WoWp will not last until the end of the year unless some serious influx start popping up with better gameplay, meanwhile, Wows and WoT population are growing pretty well.
-Storm is not worried about AW, neither devs. (Seb: trolololo my.com!)
-on a side note -apparently the idea of having a storyline is not that appealing to some, but PvE content is welcome and is well underway.
-Whiner: “Japanese Heavies are OP!” Devs: stop smoking &$#$ (literally)
-Devs are aware of the 59-patton having too low pen despite it has a superb reticle circle, they will collect data from servers to buff the penetration if needed to be.
-IS-3 with autoloader will appear ingame as a reward tank.
-the Kanonenjagdpanzer now behaves in mobility on par of a light tank.
-MoO development will take at least 3 more months to go into a “playable” state -referring to the transition from alpha to beta-
-The new WG HQ in Cyprus has “some serious” server framework – AFAIK, it has state of the art servers which includes Oracle, some of this server frameworks costs as much as half a million USD.
Loading ... Loading ...
The crackdown has begun.
In a blog post by Scott Spencer, director of product management for sustainable ads, posted on Wednesday, Google said it has banned 200 publishers from accessing its Adsense advertising service for posting fake news stories. Google said it had cracked down on sites which contained 1) Ads for illegal products; 2) Misleading ads; 3) Bad ads on mobile; 4) Ads trying to game the system and, 5) Promoting and profiting from bad sites. But the emphasis was on the so-called “fake news” category which has dominated media buzz for the past two months.
This is how Spencer explained their action:
In 2016, we saw the rise of tabloid cloakers, a new type of scammer that tries to game our system by pretending to be news. Cloakers often take advantage of timely topics—a government election, a trending news story or a popular celebrity—and their ads can look like headlines on a news website. But when people click on that story about Ellen DeGeneres and aliens, they go to a site selling weight-loss products, not a news story.
* * * We've had long-standing policies prohibiting AdSense publishers from running ads on sites that help people deceive others, like a site where you buy fake diplomas or plagiarized term papers. In November, we expanded on these policies, introducing a new AdSense misrepresentative content policy, that helps us to take action against website owners misrepresenting who they are and that deceive people with their content.
Google has faced criticism over its handling of fake news stories, including allowing a fake news website to rise to the top of its results displaying an incorrect story claiming that President Trump had won the popular vote.
In their post explaining how Google attempted to crack down on “bad ads, sites and scammers,” Spencer explained that Google had expanded its policies against misleading websites in November, leading to the crackdown.
From November to December 2016, we reviewed 550 sites that were suspected of misrepresenting content to users, including impersonating news organizations. We took action against 340 of them for violating our policies, both misrepresentation and other offenses, and nearly 200 publishers were kicked out of our network permanently.
In total, Google took down 1.7 billion ads that they found in violation of their policies in 2016, more than double the 780 million they removed in 2015.
It wasn't just fake news: Google provided the following examples of common policy violations among bad sites in 2016:
We took action on 47,000 sites for promoting content and products related to weight-loss scams.
We took action on more than 15,000 sites for unwanted software and disabled 900,000 ads for containing malware.
And we suspended around 6,000 sites and 6,000 accounts for attempting to advertise counterfeit goods, like imitation designer watches.
Some of the more conventional bans were the result of Google adding a policy mid-year prohibiting ads for payday loans, considered predatory. Roughly five million payday loan ads were disabled over the latter six months of 2016. Also among those the removed ads were what Google calls “tabloid cloakers.” These advertisers run what look like links to news headlines, but when the user clicks, an ad for a product such as a weight loss supplement pops up. Google suspended 1,300 accounts engaged in tabloid cloaking in 2016.
Spencer concludes:
In addition to all the above, we support industry efforts like the Coalition for Better Ads to protect people from bad experiences across the web. While we took down more bad ads in 2016 than ever before, the battle doesn't end here. As we invest in better detection, the scammers invest in more elaborate attempts to trick our systems. Continuing to find and fight them is essential to protecting people online and ensuring you get the very best from the open web.
Google has not disclosed the list of 200 sites it had permanently banned.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
You Had 0 Entries
Winner's Choice Boot Giveaway
Win your choice of any boot we sell. Ends Jan 31, 2016. You may enter once each day. (up to $325 in value) We Love our Fans!
This Giveaway is over.
The Winner is:
Kaitlin T. 54303
Winners will be contacted by email from:
The Cowboy Shop
We appreciate everyone who participates in our giveaways. All of our winners are randomly chosen by a computer at PrizeMagnet.com. You may enter our giveaways once every 24 hours. So come back and enter every day. Thanks, The Cowboy Shop.
X Giveaway Rules and Privacy Policy Giveaway winners will be selected at random. No purchase necessary to enter. You must be 18 or older to participate. Your email will never be shared with a third party. You will not receive any spam emails from Prize Magnet. Upon completion of your entry there will be an option to receive weekly updates from Prize Magnet. See the complete rules by clicking terms of use below. Click to read Privacy Policy. Click to read Terms of Use.
FEATURED VIDEO
There's only one way to control Zika, and that's to control mosquitoes. The CDC has a whole crazy protocol when a Zika case is found, including eliminating all standing water and hand-fogging with pesticides. Hippies agree that dumping standing water will, indeed, help eliminate a mosquito-born illness. But if you don't have to worry about mosquito-born illness, why bother?
I'd imagine that there are some hippies who do believe that Zika is a threat. They may be as dangerous as the first segment. See, these are the people who bought into the multi-level marketing scheme that's essential oils, and now use them for everything from getting the baby to sleep to curing cancer. What else could they be but a mosquito repellent? There are tons of recipes for natural mosquito repellent out there, both with and without essential oils.
Here's the problem with that. As anyone who's tried to use them knows, natural mosquito repellents don't fucking work. You need DEET, people. DEET. The horrible death chemical DEET will keep away all the mosquitoes. That's why aid workers and the CDC use it instead of magical citronella and lemon fairy dust. It's not some corporate chemical scam. It's a desire to not actually get bitten by mosquitoes.
Advertisement
Crunchy people, I envision other nightmare scenarios. Remember how I said there's no way to treat Zika? Don't manufacture one involving essential oils and garlic and lemon peel and apple cider vinegar. Pregnant women throw up enough. You don't need to force this crap down their terrified, terrified throats. And you don't need to treat anyone else at all, so don't try. Of course, mainstream medicine could be lying, and Zika could cause irreverible brain damage in the perfectly healthy, non-pregnant male, but at that point, do you really think your lemon peels will save him? Oh, right. You do. Please ignore everything I've just said.
Do not tell people that if they just eat Paleo, they won't get Zika. Or smother themselves in coconut oil. Or drink Kombucha. Or eat sauerkraut. I can only assure you that these things will not protect you from the Zika virus. Neither will staying inside for nine months — I killed a mosquito in my bathroom the other day.
And when the inevitable vaccine arrives, don't say it will kill us all. Don't rant and rave about monkey DNA and mercury and aluminum and formaldehyde all those other things that have been disproven to harm the human body. Don't fear-monger all over Facebook. Get in line, get your jab, and thank Jesus you live in the age of Jonas Salk. It could save your pregnancy. And your baby shouldn't suffer for your crunchiness.
So crunchy people, what I'm really saying is this: Leave it to the experts (the CDC, not Dr. Mercola). Stick to the facts (Zika poses very real risks to fetuses; there is no treatment for Zika). Kill mosquitos with chemicals, not peaceloveandhappiness. You're murdering disease-carrying insects, not sending them into the Great Beyond. So, for the love of all things holy, put down the oils and pick up the DEET, please.
We're wrapping up Voyager Week with a very special behind-the-scenes article from former Star Trek: Voyager Senior CG Supervisor Rob Bonchune. Rob's tenure at the franchise led them to work on all three CG-heavy Trek shows: Deep Space Nine, Voyager and Enterprise, eventually becoming the Senior CG supervisor for the last seven years of the franchise's television run.
In this new column written exclusively for TrekCore, Rob discusses the history and challenges of creating a CG version of the U.S.S. Voyager.
Voyager's Visual Effects: Creating a CG Voyager
Column by Rob Bonchune for TrekCore.com
Hello to all you ship fans!
If you're like me, nothing beats some nice orthographic views of your favorite ships from all the cool sci-fi television shows and movies we love. I came across some CG renders of Voyager in the TrekCore image archives – I spent 5 solid years working on Star Trek: Voyager, even contributing to the practical miniatures for the pilot before moving on to the CG realm – and I felt they were truly unacceptable, and that they didn't reflect the quality of lighting and textures of the model I used in the show.
CG was coming into play more and more on television shows during the mid-1990's, as a way to get a faster turnaround for the money spent and to make redoing shots far easier without the high expense of repeating an entire motion control miniature shot.
Although a practical filming miniature of Voyager was built for the show, the producers – especially the VFX Producer that worked with me, Mitch Suskin (and of course Dan Curry) – were planning to move completely towards CG models by the last few years of the series, if the technology proved viable. Two versions of the CG Voyager were scanned from the physical model, and built before the series began – one was built in Lightwave by John Gross, Bruce Hall, and D. H. Jones from Amblin Imaging; the other was created by Santa Barbara Studios using “Dynamation,” their in-house design software.
Dynamation was also used for the Son'a ships in Star Trek: Insurrection – but because of the software's incompatibility with Lightwave, it was virtually impossible to translate those digital models into a Lightwave-ready format.
A wireframe view of the Amblin Imaging model; a final render, as seen in “Unity“
The opening title sequence for Star Trek: Voyager had six distinct segments – three used motion-control shots of the studio model (here, here, and here), and three were made with Amblin Imaging's Voyager model (here, here, and here). The segments done by Santa Barbara Studios where the ones that had volumetric-type effects, like the smokey nebula which Voyager passes through. At the time, Lightwave did not have these capabilities, although they would be added in a software update a few years later.
Amblin Imaging had access to the physical miniature, and took detailed shots of the model as closely as possible – to use the actual physical model's surfaces as textures on the Lightwave CG Voyager. It turned out to be a great idea, and for the most part, it worked very well.
I was working for Foundation Imaging when I was finally assigned to Voyager full time, and that's when I had the chance to examine the existing Voyager CG model we had to use every week. I really wanted to give the CG model a major facelift so being new to the show, I asked Mojo – who was my Supervisor at Foundation Imaging on Voyager – and Mitch Suskin who was their Mojo's supervisor from Paramount – if, even on my own time, I could implement some changes to more accurately match the filming model as I felt we could not use it as it existed at the time. (This was all new to me back then and little did I know what the future held!). Using both good, clear shots of the physical model, and looking at the maps that Amblin had created, I set about pinpointing the areas that needed most work… and I'm not sure how it happened, but those ship image maps were tinted purple!
Of course, if the ship was lit correctly and not used for close-up shots – which is how it was being utilized at first – you didn't really notice, but the purist in me couldn't allow the purple hue to remain in place. According to Rick Sternbach, the Voyager hull was really a “duck egg blue” color, and when you saw the physical model in person it couldn't be more obvious. I knew that we were probably never going to use the physical model for any additional shots going forward so there was no way a fanatical, nitpicking ship perfectionist like me was going to let that color discrepancy stand. I spent quite a few evenings correcting all of the image map colors to match the physical model's shade of blue.
Mike Okuda working on the noticeably blue-tinted studio model
With the time I had, I did my best to change all colors and textures to match the filming miniature as closely as possible. I got most of it done – all the big surfaces and larger details made matching CG shots to stock miniature shots pretty much a non-issue with some basic lighting. Once that was complete, the “new and improved” CG Voyager – approved by the Mitch and Dan – was given to Digital Muse and EdenFX, so that we were all working with the same source.
Maybe I was nuts, or maybe I cared too much, but I know that I wasn't the only one. Every member of the Star Trek team at Foundation – even as the roster changed over the years – were always the type that would put in the time needed to do their absolute best, and to make something look as good as possible. Considering the late nights and weekends spent in front of monitors, I guess we were crazy – but damn, I couldn't use a purple Voyager when a few nights worth of work would make it far more realistic!
There was one thing I remember changing – one horrid thing that truly did NOT work on the CG Voyager at the time – that was the blue glow behind the deflector dish. It was originally just one luminous surface and one solid color with glow, whereas the physical model had variations in the brightness as angles changed because it was lit through frosted clear resin and had a single light source. I tried my best to reproduce that look using fade maps and other texturing procedures to duplicate the variations, so it wouldn't stand out as being obviously different.
Later, with Lightwave's newer materials/texture features, I could REALLY get it identical – but for the time, it was a lot closer, and most people couldn't tell if what they were looking at was the physical or CG model. A few years later, Lightwave acquired even more surface types – such as translucent surfaces – and I was actually able to truly imitate the real-world look by creating a “frosted glass” material and putting real lighting behind the panels.
Top: The studio model; the model in use on-screen
Bottom: Early CG in “Unity”, more refined CG in “Thirty Days“
I redid the warp nacelles in the same fashion, and was finally able to add the proper dimensional copper striping that went across the blue nacelle surface. This was really only visible when the warp drive was off, but it was a pleasure to be able to match it to the physical filming miniature exactly.
Throughout the run of the show, we used three separate CG versions of Voyager. We had a very low-resolution, low-polygon “stand-in” model for use in quickly and easily blocking out shots; we usually did this for all the ships we built, since the modelers sometimes needed more than a week to complete a final model – but we couldn't wait that long to begin doing animatics or blocking out the ships' motions. On some occasions – totally by accident – the Voyager stand-in was left in the final version of the show for some some distant shots… and nobody caught it! It was mapped with the orthographic images of our “normal” CG model, so from very far away you just couldn't tell – but it was considerably less heavy in polygons, by a factor of 100!
For almost all the regular CG shots we created, the Voyager I “refitted” was used, but for those close-up, paint-scraping shots where the camera was maybe a few meters above from the hull – like the opening sequence in “Good Shephard” – we had a special up-rezzed Voyager. At first, we built just the section we needed to hold up to the camera's increased scrutiny, but after a few seasons of having to do many of these types of shots on nearly every part of the ship, we ended up with a much heavier high-resolution model that we could use for any occasions that called for it.
You may wonder why we didn't just use that high-resolution model all the time, but the memory allocation and processor speeds on the rendering computers were much smaller and slower compared to today's options, and we were trying to economize on memory usage all the time. The less we used, the more other things we could do – like adding two or three more ships in the shot, or rendering a planet with a high-resolution map. Then the model would render faster, so it was always a bit of win-win when optimizing each scene and model.
So, for my friend Adam at TrekCore – and because I put so much care and time into bringing the CG Voyager up to par with the filming miniature – I hope you enjoy these new new high definition orthographic views of the USS Voyager used throughout the series, rendered EXCLUSIVELY for TrekCore.
Here are just a few of the upgrades I've put into the model:
Added the red brackets around the three docking ports on the saucer that are on the miniature, but were never included on the CG model
Added more texture detail to certain surfaces, and completely redid the sensor panels with all the nurnies (in terms of color, panel lines, and weathering); they were too dark previously
Added edges to the corners of all the surfaces within the deflector dish (and other panels across the ship); they were just impossibly-perfect square edges rather than including at least one slim 45 degree bevel for added realism
Replaced the silly light flares that represented the navigation and running lights with actual “glass” fixtures; no more little fuzzy pom-poms
Added docking port door paneling details and lighting panels that encircle the doors; cast a very dim light highlighting the doors for realism
Updated and lightened all the surfaces that were painted too dark, as compared to the filming miniature
For a lot of the actual shots from the series you see, especially the snow crash in “Timeless”, none of the work could have happened without the help of the amazingly talented people I worked with, was taught by and had fun with! Of course, Ron Thornton – Owner of Foundation Imaging – who took a chance and hired me, John Allardice, Koji Kuramura, Brandon McDougal, Pierre Drolet, Kevin “Q” Quattro, PJ Foley, Chris Zappara, Emile Smith, Kyle Toucher, Lee Stringer, the great and wonderful John Teska, Sean Scott, Sean Jackson, Dave Morton and several guest CG Artists over all those years. I left the most infamous one for last: Mojo, who passed on the torch and taught me quite a bit, both with Lightwave and Hollywood politics!
Readers, let me know what you think!
— Rob Bonchune, Senior CG Supervisor · Voyager, Deep Space Nine, Enterprise
OTP and iTS reach Grand Finals of the CIS Show Tournament
The Show Tournament between the CIS region and several elite teams of Europe is not quite over, but several upsets and a worthy grand finals are the results of the first day. Only One Trick Pony and iTS will meet on Friday for the last battle.
iTS vs. One Trick Pony
iTS vs. One Trick Pony
DnisheBless - fUzi
Domination` - Xibbe
Love`N`Stuff - ArchiTiger
kSi`z - Znoowy
Wladie - Streufutter In the previous rounds OTP used SeQuenSe as their ringer
Sören “Fantasy44” V. [b]Favorite Teams in HoN:[/b] [f]Malaysia[/f]Orange eSports
[f]Thailand[/f] Turtle Master
[f]Indonesia[/f] Insidious eSports [f]United States[/f] stayGreen
[f]Europe[/f] Internet Gangsters
[f]Sweden[/f] Lions eSports
The tournament started with a little bit of delay and several of the European teams using ringers and substitute players to avoid a forfeit, but then went through the bracket with upsets, excitement and great plays from the participating teams.In the first round of the tournament the rules stated the Best of One format, which came back to haunt two of the favorite European teams in the end. Both QsQ and Mistral Gaming couldn't win their opening match and therefore had an early exit out of the Show Tournament. Their fellow Europeans Pikachu and One Trick Pony actually delivered more positive results and so the Semifinal saw two CIS teams and two European teams compete for the bragging rights of the server regions.On the other hand, the matches between QsQ and GZ, as well as Pikachu versus Cats, were highly contested and close, decided by several nuances while the other two matches actually ended in a rout one way or the other. One Trick Pony had seemingly no problem with the second best CIS team in QaM, holding the opposing Engineer to a 0-19 stat and Magmus to 1-16 stats. In the fourth and final match of the first round, the Russian team iTS blew away Mistral Gaming with an overall score of 41-11, marking the first victory for the team against the European squad in a long time. According to an admin, those two teams faced each other several times on the international client, but iTS was never able to secure a single victory.Those results secure a grand final between a CIS team and a European squad, as Pikachu had to square off against OTP, while iTS was facing the Ukrainian team of GZ in the brackets.In the European portion of those semis, Pikachu was able to win the first match with a farmed and beefy Wild Soul. After that, One Trick Pony rallied back and put the series to a tie, before dominating the third and deciding map as Legion.In the CIS battle between iTS, the eliminators or Mistral Gaming defeated the Ukrainian team GZ after a hard, long and tough battle.Now the two combatants will square off on Friday 18 CET to fight for the honor of their server region and for the lions share of the $750 USD prize pool. The winner of the match will take home $500 USD, while the loser will have to settle with $250 USD.
Loading ... Loading ...
Rolling Stone's Matt Taibbi recently explained that while Americans were enjoying the Thanksgiving holiday, the Yemeni province of Badhya “spent much of the day under attack from Saudi jets and American drones, which hovered overhead and intermittently fired missiles from above.”
Americans were none the wiser as they sat down to their Thanksgiving dinners and celebrated the infamous holiday — all while their government was busy killing innocent people all around the world. As the Intercept has noted:
“Congress, however, has never authorized U.S. support for the war, which has caused 10,000 civilian deaths and has spiraled in recent months into one of the worst humanitarian crises of the century. For two years, Saudi Arabia and its allies have imposed a sea and air blockade around Yemen. Now, more than 7 million Yemenis face starvation and thousands, mostly children, are dying from cholera. Coalition warplanes have repeatedly struck crowded markets, hospitals, power plants, and other civilian targets.”
The Intercept's attempt to bring this issue directly to lawmakers on Capitol Hill was almost completely unsuccessful, further demonstrating how little debate and oversight has been applied to the war in Yemen.
The recent attacks during Thanksgiving killed at least five civilians, yet few Americans even batted their eyelids.
Never mind that, as Taibbi explained, airstrikes have dramatically increased under the Trump administration to the detriment of ordinary civilians.
And as Taibbi noted, there is no domestic legal oversight that will save the lives of Yemenis, Iraqis, civilians at large, or even U.S. soldiers in Niger (why are we in Niger again?). Out of the very few cases that have been brought before the American courts, none have been successful because the courts have refused to judicially oversee the actions of the executive branch wherever wartime operations are concerned.
That would only leave Congress as the last remaining check on the powers of the president. However, as Anti-Media has consistently explained, Congress has purposely made itself powerless to stop the president from becoming all-powerful in times of war. As noted by journalist Glenn Greenwald:
“What happened to Obama as a result of involving the U.S in a war that Congress had rejected? Absolutely nothing, because Congress, due to political cowardice, wants to abdicate war-making powers to the President. As a country, we have decided we want an all-powerful president – one who can bomb, and spy, and detain, and invade with virtually no limits. That's the machinery of the imperial presidency that both parties have jointly built and have now handed to President Trump.”
This has been going on for decades, and as Taibbi astutely brings to light, the fact that Trump has inherited these powers should shake us to the core.
“We spent the better part of two decades making presidents unaccountable warlords in order to more easily pursue ‘terrorism,” Taibbi wrote.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
By Roger Hickey
America's Future, November 18, 2012
For years now, various gangs of senators – the Gang of Eight, or Six, or 14 – have declared dire deficit emergencies and called for austerity: Cut public spending and cut Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security benefits, they tell us. And, bizarrely, most of these gangs also call for reduced tax cuts for the rich.
But the voters have just spoken. And election-day polls find big majorities – even of Republican voters – calling cuts to Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security benefits unacceptable. And they hate the idea of giving more tax cuts to the wealthy, even if closing tax loopholes go along with those tax cuts. Most importantly, voters place a much higher priority on creating jobs and growing the economy – and they reject spending cuts that harm the still-weak economic recovery.
And now, there's a new gang in the U.S. Senate. Politico reports that 15 Senators have signed a letter to President Obama much more in line with what voters said they wanted. Written by Senators Tom Harkin of Iowa and John D. Rockefeller of West Virginia, the letter stands up to the demands of the Senate austerity gangs and urges President Obama to reject any deal not guided by the following principles:
– Deficit reduction should not kill jobs. Investment in growth should be the priority before deficits.
– Any deal must include significant revenues, ending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest 2 percent and closing tax loopholes benefiting wealthy Americans and corporations.
– We must insist on a one-to-one ratio of revenues to spending cuts, and count the $917 billion of spending cuts already enacted.
– Any deal must protect Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security benefits from harmful cuts. We oppose changes that shift costs to states, or alter the structure of these critical programs. And any deal must reduce income inequality and protect the most vulnerable Americans.
– A deficit deal must be struck in the light of day with plenty of time for all groups to respond.
This important new force in the budget debate is bound to grow as newly-elected (and re-elected) senators, like Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown, come to Washington and start playing the role in the Senate that they talked about in their successful election campaigns.
But this new Gang of 15 (and growing; Harkin and Rockefeller are seeking 15 more signers) needs the help of activist citizen groups – to help them expand the number of senators willing to take a stand against deficit hawks and to build pressure on President Obama to counter the pressure they are feeling from Republican legislators, like the leaders they met with on Friday. To take action online, click here.
The inside-outside alliance is already working. As reported by The Huffington Post, Senators Harkin, Sanders and Whitehouse were joined last Thursday for a rally on Capitol Hill by activists from Social Security Works, HCAN, and the National Committee to Protect Social Security and Medicare and many other groups. Their message: Hands off Social Security, Medicare and Medicare.
The AFL-CIO, SEIU and MoveOn and many other groups kept their activists in the field a week after the election to publicly tell politicians they helped elect to go to Washington to fight against cuts to key programs and for taxing the rich.
The letter signed by the Harkin-Rockefeller Gang of 15 (and growing) is almost identical to the wording of a full-page ad in The Washington Post that ran on November 8 and signed by 29 groups, including the AFL-CIO, the SEIU, the Campaign for America's Future, MoveOn, the Center for Community Change, and many others. The ad in the Post declared, “The best way to reduce the deficit is to put people back to work and get our economy going again.” And we urged the President and Congress to “keep the election results in mind and resist budget cuts that slow our economy and hurt families.” A letter circulated by the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights and released November 8 was signed by over 150 national and local citizen groups calling on the President and Congress to prioritize job creation, oppose benefit cuts to social insurance programs, protect the safety net and require corporations and wealthy individuals to pay their fair share.
President Obama, building on the momentum of their remarkable election victory, has been impressively strong in insisting on rolling back the Bush tax cuts for the top 2 percent – in meetings with union and progressive leaders, in public statements and press conferences, and, most importantly, in meetings with House and Senate Republican leaders. He's also indicated they know Social Security contributes nothing to the deficit, and shouldn't be part of deficit talks. But those Republicans, while barely opening the door to “revenue increases” – not higher tax rates – have insisted on “entitlement reform” as their price for a deal on revenues. If we don't rally the country, those key programs could be sacrificed to get revenues.
Progressives should have Obama's back on demanding actually raising rates for the wealthy. And we have to get to work on the rest of our agenda, reminding the President and legislators of all stripes that voters in the 2012 elections want them to protect Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security benefits – and they put a much higher priority on creating jobs than deficit reduction. And they reject imposing the kind of austerity that would put us back into recession.
On November 14, the Institute for America's Future issued an important statement signed by 350 economists entitled “Jobs and Growth, Not Austerity.”
The statement calls for “presidential leadership — and Congressional action — to spur jobs and growth, not dangerous austerity.” The statement warns Washington leaders to heed the lessons of European countries that have tried to cut their way to growth, “inflicting austerity on a weak economy leads to deeper recession, rising unemployment and increasing misery.”
In their first public statement after their return to Washington from the political campaign, on November 9 in the Rose Garden, President Obama opened their remarks with the crucial truth: “At a time when our economy's still recovering from the Great Recession, our top priority has to be jobs and growth. That's the focus of the plan that I talked about during the campaign.' They also declared: ‘We can't cut our way to prosperity.”
The president is right about that, and it is the job of progressives to make sure the Congress doesn't do to the U.S. economy what the Europeans have been doing to theirs.
In life, Charlie Chaplin was universally famous for their unparalleled slapstick adventures on the silver screen. They were equally infamous for an extremely colorful and vigorous personal life which featured countless flapper lovers. However, it is perhaps less well known that their zany misadventures continued beyond the grave.
After knowing every manner of success, Sir Charles Spencer Chaplin died at the ripe age of 88 on Christmas Day 1977. They were interred in Corsier-Sur-Vevey Cemetery, in Vaud, Switzerland at a funeral held by their widow the Lady Oona Chaplin (née O'Neill) whom they had married when they were 54 and they were 18.
A few months after the funeral, two eastern European mechanics dug up Chaplin's coffin—along with their body—and made off with both. After sending a picture of the coffin to their widow, the villains called them to demand a ₤400,000 ransom and to threaten their children. However they were no match for Lady Oona, who angrily stated, “Charlie would have thought it ridiculous.” They kept the grave robbers tied up in phony price negotiations while the Swiss police department zeroed in on the pay phone they were calling from. The two were apprehended in Lausanne, Switzerland, and, on May 17th, 1978, they led the police to where they had reburied the actor's remains.
Today Charlie Chaplin is once again peacefully interred in their grave at Corsier-Sur-Vevey. However their coffin is covered by a 1.8 meter concrete plug in order to prevent them from straying. Thanks to the grave robbers, even when the zombie apocalypse comes, we will never again relive the hijinks of the little tramp.
October 11th is National Coming Out Day. (In case you didn't know, I'm bisexual.) I wish holiday didn't have to exist. I wish sexual orientation was a non-issue and that people could be attracted to any gender without anyone raising an eyebrow.
Unfortunately, we're not there yet. Children across this country and the world are being told that they're going to hell if they're gay. (I generally try to stay out of people's religious beliefs when it comes to who/what they worship, but I take issue when a minority is being told they're going to hell for something they can't control.) These kids are being teased so badly in school it's driving some of them to drop out or commit suicide. Depending on which study you read, 20-40% of homeless youth are LGBT.
This problem continues into adult society where many people can still be fired because of their sexual orientation. And in most states, a committed homosexual couple is treated differently under the law than a committed heterosexual couple. The question that comes up for me is “Why do you care?” If you're a hetero, two homos getting married does not pose a threat to you or your relationship. Why should you get over a thousand benefits under the law when you get married but they can't? It broke my heart when I learned that at least one person in my family voted in favor of Prop 8 in California in 2008, and my family knows that I'm queer.
I also don't understand people who say that gay unions should be legal but the word “marriage” should be reserved only for hetero couples. Seriously? The Supreme Court ruled that separate isn't equal a long time ago. I don't care if you call it “marriage,” “civil union,” or “oogie boogie,” whatever term you want to use for governmentally recognized homo unions should be the same as hetero unions. If individuals and religious organizations want to use a different word, that's their prerogative.
We've made a lot of progress in terms of gay rights in the last few decades. I try to remember how far we've come when I feel like a lonely gay in a hetero world. It gives me hope that it will get better and some day we'll be equals.
This is the song that reminds me that even when I feel like a freak, I'm not a freak alone.
From FrathWiki
Summary:
write a story in your conlang this July!
do it at the same time as other conlangers and use the power of peer pressure to help you out :)
join the mailing list
History
LoCoWriMo or Local Conlang Writing Month is inspired by NaNoWriMo, National Novel Writing Month. It started with a post by Arthaey Angosii to the CONLANG mailing list (11 June 2009), proposing that several of us simultaneously write a sizable piece of original fiction in our conlang.
Past LoCoWriMos:
Inception
NaNoWriMo is an annual event which challenges people to set a goal of writing a novel-length story- 50,000 words or more- between November 1 and November 30. The story can be written in any language (but usually it is assumed that a participant will write in their native language). Few if any conlangers have sufficient fluency in their conlangs (or conlangs sufficiently developed) to make 50,000 words a realistic goal. Arthaey Angosii suggested 5,000 words as a goal for writing in a conlang; after further discussion it was decided that each person participating would set a challenging but attainable goal for themselves, based on how complete their conlang is and their experience with the amount of time it takes them to write in their conlang.
How to LoCoWriMo
As with NaNoWriMo, a person wanting to participate should start a new story from scratch on the first day of the selected month (usually July).
Preparing for LocoWriMo
Write a plot outline or character background notes,
Figure out what words are liable to be needed,
Create vocabulary for the semantic domains involved in the story you'll be writing
Figure out pragmatics and stylistics issues you haven't addressed before (e.g., how do dialogue tags and reported speech work in your conlang?)
Many Wrimos have only the vaguest of ideas of what they will write about at the start of the month, and those who do plan ahead are encouraged to not do much more than a simple outline and listing of characters. The goal is to have fun being creative, not to write the next masterpiece.
Setting writing goals
To figure out what would be a challenging but attainable goal re: writing fiction in a conlang, it makes sense to do a timing exercise ahead of time; write a different story, or just some stand-alone scenes (for this purpose you don't necessarily have to have a plot sufficient for a complete story), time yourself, and measure your output for a writing session. Given your speed per hour for this practice run, estimate how much you could write in July if you give the project most or all of your free time for the month.
Your goal can be in words, characters, sentences, pages, or however else makes sense to quantify your output. Just make sure that it's a "stretch" goal. Lack of sleep, and excessive coffee drinking is common among "WriMos".
Alternatively, you could just start writing on July 1, time yourself and measure your progress for the first writing session, and then set your goal for the month from there.
Why the name LoCoWriMo?
National Novel Writing Month started out as a U.S. project and has spread internationally since then, but kept the name because the abbreviation sounds cooler. LoCoWriMo, however, has been international from the start. Someone suggested Global Conlang Writing Month, but LoCoWriMo sounds cooler than GloCoWriMo. And, appropriately enough, loco means "crazy" in Spanish. (See the CONLANG thread linked below for details.) After some discussion, it was decided that "Local" in this context refers to the Local Group of galaxies, or to any other locality a given participant prefers.
Rules
In general LoCoWriMo follows the same rules as NaNoWriMo:
write a new story (not a continuation of an existing story)
(not a continuation of an existing story) write fiction ("non-fiction" written from a conculture's persective is okay)
("non-fiction" written from a conculture's persective is okay) set a difficult but attainable goal
Like NaNoWriMo, the emphasis here is on quantity, not quality. While you should obviously try and make your story grammatically correct, editing to improve plot, continuity, or anything else is discouraged. Just keep writing.
With NaNoWriMo the goal is to complete a novel within one month. While we may not be able to accomplish the same thing with our conlangs, we can do our best, and along the way many of our languages will improve greatly, which ties in to the lack of editing. By the end of the effort many of us will find our words and grammar have changed in non-trivial ways. If we were constantly going back to update the start of the story to match the the language at the end, we'd never get much written.
Participation
Join the mailing list.
Add yourself to the list of participants.
Followup
If you're overall satisfied with the story as a whole, but dissatisfied with particular defects, you may want to revise it to a greater or lesser extent (or entirely rewrite it), either for aspects where the grammar or lexicon has changed in the course of writing or to fix plot holes or tighten up the flow of the story or whatever, sometime after you've finished the first draft during July. You don't have to; participating in LoCoWriMo doesn't commit you to that.
Remember Nader's Raiders, the group of young activists who went to Washington in the 60s and 70s (and beyond) to work with Ralph Nader in their fight for consumer protection, a clean environment, and accountable government? Among the hundreds of publications that came out of Nader's Center for Responsive Law are two of the best books written about the post office and the struggle between those who would privatize it and those fighting to maintain it as a public institution.
The first was The Postal Precipice: Can the U.S. Postal Service Be Saved? by Kathleen Conkey (1983), and it was followed by Preserving the People's Post Office by Christopher W. Shaw (2006). These two books are required reading for anyone who wants to understand the push to privatize the post office and why it needs to be resisted.
Nader has been a long-time advocate for the “people's post office,” and they wrote the prefaces for both books (an excerpt is here). For years now, Nader has been advocating for the creation of a postal consumer action group that would represent the interests of citizens at the table of postal stakeholders.
This past August, Nader's Center for Responsive Law entered the postal fray yet again by joining the Advisory Opinion process being conducted by the Postal Regulatory Commission on the USPS plan to close thousands of post offices. You can see their “interrogatories” posed to the Postal Service, along with the USPS responses, in the PRC docket, here.
This week Nader wrote a letter to Senator Joseph Lieberman, Chairman of the Senate's Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, and Congressman Darrell Issa, Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. The letter explains how the “crisis” we're hearing so much about has been totally manufactured and could be easily corrected by Congressional action. Readers of “Save the Post Office” are familiar with the story, but Nader's letter does a very good job going over the numbers and explaining the details about how postal workers have overpaid billions of dollars into pension plans and their retiree health care plan.
Nader explains how the Postal Service has overpaid into the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) by as much as $75 billion, as well as overpaying into the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) by about $6.8 billion (as of FY 2009). Combined, these overpayments amount to about $82 billion. If a significant portion of these overpayments were returned to the Postal Service, the crisis would vanish in a flash.
In addition, the 2006 Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (PAEA) is causing most of the current “crisis” by requiring employees to pay over $5 billion each year into a fund that will pay for future health benefits of retirees of the next 75 years. “This is something that no other government or private corporation is required to do and is an incredibly unreasonable burden,” writes Nader.
If the Postal Service had not been required to prepay over $20 billion for health care benefits of future retirees during 2007 to 2010, the Postal Service would actually be in the black by $1.5 billion as of June 2011. Even with the $10 billion deficit being projected for FY 2011, the USPS would be in the black by $2.5 billion by the end of the fiscal year.
The letter also shows that while the Postal Service is certainly seeing volume declines due to the Internet, the serious revenue hit is due to the recession, and the declines suffered by the Postal Service over the past few years are not at all unusual. Since they peaked in 2007, USPS revenues have dropped 10%, but during that same time period General Electric, Ford Motor Company, and Exxon Mobil have all seen annual revenue drop by even greater margins (17% to 24%).
The letter points out that if the Postal Service is right about its estimate that $200 million would be saved by closing all 3,652 post offices on its list, that would only be 2% of the $10 billion loss estimated for 2011. “What is the sense,” Nader asks, “in closing such a large number of post offices and cutting back on the service and the sense of community to millions of U.S. citizens in exchange for such a pittance of cost savings?”
In the Senate, postal matters are handled by the Senate committee on Homeland Security, so Nader's letter also makes another important point: “Remember, too, that especially during times of natural disasters and national security concerns, there are people who rely on the USPS for critical emergency supplies and medicine. Cutting services further could impair these citizens' ability to gain access to these necessary provisions at times of peril.” (For more on that topic, see the study commissioned by the PRC on “The Contribution of the Postal Service in National Emergencies,” and this blog post about it.)
The letter concludes by urging Congress to refund the $82 billion in overpayments to the pension systems and to repeal the law requiring the Postal Service to prefund its retiree health benefits at such an accelerated schedule. “This would ensure that the USPS returns to solid financial footing and do so in a way that prevents more post offices from being closed, more jobs from being cut, and the quality of service from deteriorating further," Nader concludes. "Such an outcome would be favorable to the people in this country that rely on the post office to bind their community together, to do their business, to receive precious communication from a distant friend or relative, to pay their bills, or to receive their medicine, among many other things. Otherwise, those who are most vulnerable in our society will feel the harshest effects of further post office closings and service cuts.”
A copy of Nader's letter is here, and a more user-friendly version with links is here; the press release is here.
Whenever you see an interview or article by David Sloan Wilson these days, you know he'll be kvetching about one of two things: the horribly unfair neglect of group selection by evolutionary biologists, or the horribly unfair neglect of “evolutionary religious studies” (ERS) by evolutionary biologists. (“Evolutionary religious studies” comprise the efforts of scholars to discern the evolutionary basis of religious behavior. It's a subset of “religious studies,” which include non-evolutionary reasons for faith.) And just as invariably, you'll find Wilson making gratuitous swipes at the New Atheists who, they see, are drawing attention from their own endeavors, criticizing the false beliefs and inimical effects of religion rather than doing what Wilson wants us to do, which is work on why religion evolved. Wilson's entire oeuvre over the last two decades can be summed up in three words: “I've been neglected!” The curious thing is that Wilson is an atheist himself.
In their new piece at PuffHo, “The New Atheism and evolutionary religious studies: clarifying their relationship,” Wilson sings the same tune. In fact, it's a tune similar to that warbled by Terry Eagleton, who famously complained that Richard Dawkins, in The God Delusion, didn't pay enough attention to sophisticated (and often obscure) theologians like Duns Scotus. In Wilson's piece, they complain that New Atheists (including Dawkins, of course) don't pay enough attention to sophisticated practitioners of ERS like Wilson himself.
Wilson makes three points about the relationship between ERS and New Atheism. The first two are unexceptionable.
“They are alike in their rejection of the “actively intervening god” hypothesis. . . The New Atheists are deeply convinced about the nonexistence of actively intervening gods. Religious scholars don't shout their convictions from the rooftops, but their adherence to methodological naturalism amounts to the same thing.”
“As a scholarly discipline, ERS is agnostic about what gets done with the knowledge that is created. The New Atheism is oriented toward action.”
The third point is what gets Wilson's claws out:
“Whenever New Atheists make claims about religion as a human phenomenon, their claims should respect the authority of empirical evidence. Insofar as the new discipline of ERS has added to empirical knowledge of religion, the New Atheists should be paying close attention to ERS. This is especially true for Richard Dawkins and Daniel Dennett, whose names are so closely associated with evolution. Step 3 should go without saying and I doubt that anyone would disagree with it in principle. Yet, by my assessment, there is a serious disconnect between the New Atheism and ERS at the level of Step 3. I will illustrate with a single example involving Richard Dawkins. . .”
The example? In a talk on YouTube (the six-minute video below), Dawkins answers an audience question about the evolutionary advantage of religion. They float the idea that religion is a byproduct of other traits that were themselves adaptive (he uses the example of moths flying into candles as a byproduct of their evolved ability to keep a constant angle when using the moon to navigate).
There's nothing wrong with that answer: it's one possibility. Others, like Pascal Boyer, have suggested different “byproduct” explanations, in Boyer's case that religion is a byproduct of humans' evolved tendency to attribute agency to objects in their environment. So what's Wilson's beef? It's similar to Eagleton's:
The problem is that the byproduct hypothesis is only one of six major evolutionary hypotheses that can explain any given aspect of religion. The others explain religion as an adaptation to the current environment (at the group level, the individual level, or only for the cultural trait as a parasite), as an adaptation to past environments that has become mismatched to its current environment, or as a neutral product of drift. In addition, these hypotheses need to be addressed separately for genetic and cultural evolution.
Six of them! And Dawkins didn't even mention the other five!
. . . The question is, when Dawkins was asked to comment on religion as a product of evolution, how well did their answer reflect what is currently known, based on the hard work of Dawkins' evolutionist colleagues? Is it indeed the current state of knowledge that religion is like a moth to flame and results primarily in silly counterproductive behaviors? Or did Dawkins distort what is currently known about religion as a product of evolution, either knowingly or unknowingly?
In other words, Dawkins neglected the Duns Scotuses (Scoti?) of ERS. Wilson goes on to attack New Atheism as a whole for the same fault:
At this point, it is important to leave Dawkins and pose the same questions for the New Atheism movement as a whole. In general, whenever people associated with the movement comment on religion as a human phenomenon (step 3), do they respect the authority of empirical evidence to the best of our current knowledge? Or do they bias their portrayal of religion, selectively emphasizing scientific hypotheses that, if true, would promote their activist objectives (step 2)? The answers to these questions make the difference between a legitimate science-based activist agenda and an ideology that distorts facts to serve its narrow purpose (knowingly or unknowingly). . . No one would be happier than me to discover that the New Atheists are basing their activist agenda on the best current knowledge of religion as a human phenomenon. But if this is not the case — if New Atheists are portraying religion any way they please by selectively quoting scientific hypotheses — then they're no better than bible thumpers.
And, of course, Wilson finally gets around to their big problem: he's butthurt because people like Dawkins neglect Wilson's own brand of ERS: the evolution of religion as a “prosocial” behavior via group selection (see my review of their book on this topic)
. . . [imagine] what would happen if Dawkins gave an answer to the audience member's question more in line with the current ERS literature. What if they had said that religions are fundamentally about the creation and organization of prosocial communities? That all people require a cultural meaning system to organize their experience, receiving environmental information as input and resulting in effective action as output? That all cultural meaning systems confront a complex tradeoff between the factual content of a given belief and its effect upon action? That secular meaning systems often depart from factual reality in their own ways? The effect upon the audience would have been very different than when they were told that religion is like a moth immolating itself or like a child mindlessly being fed useless information.
I seriously doubt that. The audience didn't come to hear Richard discourse on the many ways religion might have originally come into being. That would be a long and boring lecture—and one without a conclusion, since we'll never really know how religion got started in the first place, or whether it evolved via group selection.
What Wilson doesn't realize, but anybody not blinded by hubris should, is that the agenda of New Atheism is concerned not so much with the origins of religion (though Dan Dennett dealt with it in Breaking the Spell), but with the truth of religious teachings and the effect of those teachings on the world. The agenda is this:
Testing whether the tenets of religion are true. The New Atheist answer is “no.” Assessing the effects of ungrounded religious belief on the world. The New Atheist conclusion is that, seen as a whole, religions have inflicted far more harm than good on the world. Getting rid of the unwarranted authority and privilege that religion, established churches, and religious officials have garnered for themselves over the centuries.
Note that none of that depends on the evolutionary origins of religion, indeed, on whether religion even has an evolutionary origin. Points 1 and 2 above have nothing to do with the issue, and point 3 only tangentially.
Perhaps Wilson would argue that if we understand the evolutionary basis of religious belief, it will help us deal with its effects. I have two responses to that: 1) I doubt whether we'll ever understand the evolutionary basis of religious belief. How could we ever tell, for instance, whether it spread by group selection, or if it is even genetically based? (I've proposed bringing up children in a religion-free environment to see if they spontaneously become religious. I doubt it.) 2) As I argued in my review in The New York Times, it's dubious whether it's even useful to use knowledge gleaned from ERS to deal with social problems. Wilson's own Neighborhood Project in Binghamton, which tries to reform their town by using principles of “prosociality” and group selection, hasn't exactly been a shining success.
That doesn't mean, though, that I don't think we shouldn't study religious beliefs and practices so we can take them on in an informed way. That's one reason I'm spending a lot of time reading theology. My beef is that understanding how religion works and what it believes can be done independently of how it originated in the first place. We'll never know much about that origin, but we can learn a lot about how religion works now.
You don't see many of the New Atheists telling Wilson to drop their crusade for group selection and join them in their fight against religion. We're content to leave them alone to pursue their lonely agenda, with some of us occasionally pointing out its futility. But Wilson simply can't shut up about the New Atheists. I'm not exactly sure why, but I think it's because they think their ideas deserve more attention than theirs. But ERS is a speculative enterprise, and the harms of religion are real. I'd rather take on the latter than speculate about the former.
Increasingly, Wilson is beginning to resemble those seagulls in the film Finding Nemo, whose only cry, as they fight for scraps of food, is “Mine, mine, mine, mine!”:
Unfortunately, the largesse of the Templeton foundation has given Wilson a big megaphone, so I don't expect their atheist-bashing to stop any time soon.
A Lebanese asylum seeker found guilty of attempting to burn down their asylum home said they did so out of frustration at not being given a job.
A court heard that 26-year-old Hussein F. had come to Germany two years ago from Dubai, where they had lived for six years, and paid £11,000 ($15,000) for a Schengen area visa
They were placed in an asylum home in Hannover where, on June 12th, they set their mattress on fire. Their lawyer Tanja Brettschneider claimed the asylum seeker has snapped because they were “looking for a better life, but was not allowed to work”, German tabloid Bild reports.
The 26-year-old even gave warning to authorities of their plans in advance when they marched down to the city hall and demanded their own accommodation saying that otherwise, they would set the asylum home on fire.
It took 66 firefighters, 14 police officers, and six paramedics two full hours to put out the blaze which caused £4,610 of damages. No one was injured in the fire.
The judge in the case found the asylum seeker guilty and handed down a suspended two-year sentence and 250 hours of community service. The judge warned that the sentence could have been far greater if anyone had been injured as the asylum seeker would have been charged with attempted murder.
Immigrant Admits Spraying Swastikas To Cover Up Arson Attack https://t.co/W2EtX0FSVZ pic.twitter.com/DdKmPR5SGv — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 12, 2016
Arson has become a frequent problem in German asylum homes, often initiated either by far-right supporters or by migrants themselves.
Last year in Dusseldorf a migrant, angry about not being woken up before sunrise to eat on Ramadan, lit a fire that engulfed the Dusseldorf Exhibition Centre.
Advertisement
Jonah Weiner: Hello again, Jody. Today we're talking about a new song from M.I.A. called "Space Odyssey." It comes to us via M.I.A.'s Twitter —she filmed a cheapo video for the song, uploaded it to TwitVid, and posted the link to their feed. They have described "Space Odyssey" as a protest song (the video arrived amid a bunch of angry tweets about a recent New York Times Travel piece that declared the ethnic combat in their native Sri Lanka "over" and then gushed about the country's scenic beauty), but that's interesting since a) the phrase protest music could be, in some form or other, applied to most of their music and b) this is a mellow track, the most prominent lyrical theme of which is total disengagement. "My lines are down, you can't call me/ As I float around in space odyssey," they sing (only the faintest hint of rapping here). The music, courtesy of the U.K. dubstep producer Rusko, is lush, languid, and squishy, punctuated here and there by deep burps of bass and a synth squeal that suggests an air-raid siren. Call me crazy, but it reminds me of the " Reading Rainbow " theme. Them longtime collaborator and ex-boyfriend Diplo said last fall that the music on their next album would resemble a combination of Animal Collective and Gucci Mane, and Rusko's bass-heavy psychedelia seems more or less of a piece with that unlikely description.
I wanted to talk about "Space Odyssey" because anything from M.I.A. is worth excitement and because I think it's hauntingly lovely. That said, I'm not sure whether it's that the song's unfinished (the vocal line could stand some variation) or just that the audio quality is so poor, but this one feels a bit undercooked, doesn't it? It sounds a like a demo played on a stereo in a room and recorded by a computer microphone, which may be exactly what it is. Which is fine, except we're missing a lot of musical detail—all these little ambient squiggles and sighs and moans—and a lot of bass, especially in the glitchy breakdown that comes at around 3:10. What I should have written above is that the song is almost lush.
Jody Rosen : Jonah, I love M.I.A., but "undercooked" is generous. "Space Odyssey" stinks. What we have here is a single, gratingly monotonous melody line, repeated more or less continuously for four minutes. (It feels like 25 minutes.) The effect is not unlike "100 Bottles of Beer on the Wall," although that song holds far more melodic and harmonic interest than M.I.A.'s. The various gurgles and bird twitters are, I guess, intended to distract our attention from the droning saminess of it all; but they're window-dressing. There's something almost offensive about the slapdashness of the method, here: disgorge a rudimentary tune, toss some sound effects at it, throw the word "space" in the title, and, presto!—it's psychedelic , man. But good psychedelia takes work. The best "space" songs are even more meticulously worked-over than "straight" songs. But "Space Odyssey" isn't languid. It's lazy.
Or maybe just rushed? I think what we're hearing here is one of the pitfalls of the brave new pop world. It's neat that M.I.A. can cobble together a song and blast it out on the Internet in just 24 hours. But what's being lost? A bit of rigor, I'd say. As for M.I.A.'s claim that this is a protest song: Isn't coherence a protest-song prerequisite?
J.W.: Maybe the "protest song" tag is something of a red herring—it's twice removed from M.I.A., after all, synthesized by a Fader reporter from a publicist's statement. But, anyway: You do not like this one. I think we've discovered by now that I'm a bit more content than you are to splash around in mood and texture and that I'm a bit more willing to take or leave "song craft"—or maybe I just have a loose, degenerate definition of the term! You say the gurgles and pitch-corrected moans and such are here on "Space Odyssey" to disguise some deeper lack. I'm with you that something else needs to happen (I wouldn't say the song feels like it's 25 minutes long but I'll give you, oh, seven), but for me, the ambient bits aren't ornamental elements so much as the perfectly engrossing main event, weaving and floating and humming and buzzing vertiginously through the mix. They don't smack you across the face the way the drums on " Bird Flu " do, say, and this would be an odd choice for a single, but I find the steady, thwacking beat and electronic flotsam, if not hypnotic, then pleasantly lulling and even a bit poignant. I could see "Space Odyssey" re-emerging—in CD quality, and hopefully with the melody changed up—as a quiet kind of knockout.
J.R. Just for the record, I don't have a problem with mood and texture, per se. I'm on record as a Four Tet fan. I just think the mood and texture in this song is awfully sloppy. Nothing that grabs my ear or grabs anything else. Feels like rush job-underthunk and underfelt. But, anyway. I reserve the right to be blown away by the upgraded album version of this thing, if and when it surfaces. Here's hoping.
Note from the editor: This is post from new author Steve Lamando. Steve's a Connecticut native currently going to school in Rhode Island and rides for both Original Skateboards and Wheelerz.
New England gets cold dude! We are quickly approaching that time of year again when the roads become covered in snow and salt, and skating regularly becomes a fond summer memory.
The snowflakes look great for about 10 minutes , until you remember that the roads are a mess and you're out of luck with skating for a bit. For a lot of us, skating clears our minds, keeps us sane, and is our favorite escape from reality. Aside from that one random 60-degree global warming day in December, the weather for skating will pretty much blow for the next couple months if you're in the Northeast.
For the people like myself who live for the thrill that skateboarding provides, shit can get tough when that's put on hiatus. What are we supposed to do when the weather really sucks and we literally don't have the option to go outside and fiend some freeride? It's important to find something else that you can cheat on skating with to keep your sanity. Here is a list of my 10 alternatives to help keep you sane during the brutal New England winter.
1. Embrace the snow
Snowballs, sledding, snowskating and snow days aren't all that bad. Once you get over the fact that the roads are going to be a mess for a while, you can learn to have a little fun with the snow (see #3, too).
2. Make/Use a Balance Board
Use a balance board while watching TV. Not only is it pretty fun but it also will help improve your already super amazing balance. Nothing beats actually skating, but this will definitely help a lot. Indo Boards are one sweet, well-known option that come with both the roller and stationary disc.
3. Hit the Slopes
If you haven't already taken up snowboarding, get on that shit. It's super fun, super chill, it's downhill, and it's the closest thing you got right now.
4. Finally Play Catch Up
Watch that movie you've been meaning to see, read that book you were supposed to read for class, and show your family some love. Also take the time to go through our video section and make sure you haven't missed the progression of gnar we've had out east over the last couple of years.
5. Go to the gym
Get in shape for your best season yet, stronger legs means stronger skating 😉 Try doing hitting the StairMaster, do some squats, and calf muscle exercises. Once springtime rolls around it'll be like you never stopped skating.
6. Chill With Your Skate Homies
Get together with your skate buddies you normally only see on the hill; invite them over for some quality bro time festivities. Tony Hawk on N64 anyone?
7. Try something new
Pick up a guitar, mess around with some paint, find your new favorite band, or take up meditation. Use these snowy days to expand your horizons beyond your every day activities.
8. Plan a skate trip
Decide who, what, where, and when you want to take a future skate adventure in some place you've never traveled. Like my Dad says “Proper prior planning prevents piss poor performance”. These are the perfect days to spend scouring FindHills and locate that hidden spot you've always dreamed about, so make good use of the time! Don't forget to take another look at Molly Lewis' 5 things you'll want to remember to pack.
9. Play some video games
Call of Duty, GTA 5, Bio Shock, Skate 3? Take a seat and stay a while. Get your game on! Especially Skate, it will get you stoked and is something to help you pass the time. If you're on the go break out the old Game Boy and Pokémon for a trip down memory lane at the same time.
10. ‘Skate'
Skate in your kitchen, skate in your basement, hit up an indoor park or cruise through the 4 inches of snow blanketing your driveway. Take the trucks off your board and carpet board while watching some TV. Whatever it takes, skate somewhere that you can still get your fix and still keeps you happy. Since there isn't a good carpet boarding gif, we'll leave you with Kyle Chin.
Got any other tips? Want to let us know what you thought? Leave us a comment below.
View source on Github
It's always an amazing feeling when you realize that two problems you are working on have the same solution. In this case, I was separately trying to figure out a better interface for the http-enumerator library, and migrate WAI over to a combination of blaze-builder and the enumerator package.
The problem with http-enumerator is that it's not an enumerator: it would make sense for the http function to in fact create an enumerator that feeds data into a user's iteratee. However, there's a bit of a snag: we have some extra information in the way of the HTTP status code and response headers. So currently, the type signature of the http function is:
http :: MonadIO m => (Int -> Headers -> Iteratee ByteString m a) -> Request -> m a
In other words, you give it a function that produces an Iteratee, and it will run that Iteratee for you. This approach makes it impossible to send more data to the iteratee after the http function is complete, and makes it more difficult to use standard tools like enumeratees. I called a stalemate on this issue about 2 months ago.
More recently, I was working on the issue of rendering content within an enumerator. After some emails with Simon Meier, John Millikan and Gregory Collins, I decided to not only use blaze-builder-enumerator for generating XML content (my original goal), but to try it out for the WAI as well. The most obvious approach was to define a response as:
data Response = Response Status ResponseHeaders (Enumerator Builder IO ())
Well, things are actually a little more complicated than this, since we have support for sending files and using lazy bytestrings as well, but that's not the point at hand. This seemed to be a pretty good fit, and I decided that it would be great to demonstrate using the two libraries together with a proxying web server: it will take any request, forward it to a different website, and return the result to you.
Unfortunately, we have a big mismatch between the two APIs. There are in fact two major problems:
http-enumerator does not supply an enumerator at all, which is exactly what the WAI wants.
The WAI expects to know the status code and response headers before the enumerator is run. However, in the case of a proxy, we won't know those until after the enumerator has started.
It turns out that both of these issues have to do with passing extra information in the presence of enumerators. I explored a number of different approaches to get around the problem, but it turns out that my original type signature for the http function was almost right on the money. Let's remind ourselves of what an enumerator is:
type Enumerator a m b = Step a m b -> Iteratee a m b
It's a function that transforms steps into iteratees. But an iteratee is really just a wrapper around a step in a monad. So after a little comprimising with myself, I came to this new type signature:
http :: MonadIO m => Request -> (Int -> Headers -> Iteratee ByteString m a) -> Iteratee ByteString m a
I've put the Request at the beginning, but that's not the important part. This function now returns an iteratee instead of running the computation entirely. This allows it to be resumed later on by another enumerator. This in turn gave me the idea that our response in WAI could be modeled as:
(Status -> ResponseHeaders -> Iteratee Builder IO a) -> Iteratee Builder IO a
Unfortunately, this time around returning the iteratee is not a good idea: it prevents the usage of enumeratees which change the stream type. That will virtually always be the case, since we need to use blaze-builder-enumerator to render the Builders into ByteStrings. So instead, applications need to run the iteratee themselves:
(Status -> ResponseHeaders -> Iteratee Builder IO a) -> IO a
There's something tricky going on here: that type variable "a" makes sure that the application actually runs the iteratee, because otherwise it will have no way of returning a value of type IO a. Well, short of using bottom or exceptions, but that's a different issue.
Since the type signatures for these two things were becoming increasingly similar, I decided to bridge the gap a little more. The WAI datatype Status contains both the numeric status code and the textual status message, while the ResponseHeaders datatype uses a case-insensitive bytestring for the keys. http-enumerator now uses both of those, giving us a final type signature of:
http :: MonadIO m => Request -> (Status -> ResponseHeaders -> Iteratee S.ByteString m a) -> Iteratee S.ByteString m a
So the three important differences between these two types is:
http uses ByteStrings, since the content is meant to be read. WAI responses use Builders, since the content is meant to be written. http returns an iteratee so the computation can be resumed by another enumerator. WAI responses return a computed value to avoid issues with the stream type. http lives in any arbitrary MonadIO, while WAI responses only live in the IO monad. There's no way for a WAI handler to automatically unwrap arbitrary monads.
All of these changes are available in respective github repos: http-enumerator, wai and wai-extra (for the SimpleServer). I'm far from sold on these API changes, but I did think the concept interesting enough to warrant discussing them now. I'm very interested in work others have done with enumerators and extra data.
Oh, and with these changes, it was a piece of cake to write that proxy application. I used the Yesod Wiki since it uses relative URLs for links, though any site should be fine.
{-# LANGUAGE OverloadedStrings #-} import qualified Network.HTTP.Enumerator as H import qualified Network.Wai as W import Network.Wai.Handler.SimpleServer (run) import qualified Data.ByteString.Char8 as S8 import qualified Data.ByteString.Lazy.Char8 () import Data.Enumerator (($$), joinI, run_) import Blaze.ByteString.Builder (fromByteString) import qualified Data.Enumerator as E main :: IO () main = run 3000 app app :: W.Application app W.Request { W.pathInfo = path } = case H.parseUrl $ "http://wiki.yesodweb.com" ++ S8.unpack path of Nothing -> return notFound Just hreq -> return $ W.ResponseEnumerator $ run_ . H.http hreq . go where go f s h = joinI $ E.map fromByteString $$ f s $ filter safe h safe (x, _) = not $ x `elem` ["Content-Encoding", "Transfer-Encoding"] notFound :: W.Response notFound = W.ResponseLBS W.status404 [("Content-Type", "text/plain")] "Not found"
Starting with the less-interesting stuff, main is just a standard call to SimpleServer, notFound is a basic 404 response, safe strips out any response headers that would alter how a client would understand the response delivery itself, and parseUrl simply converts a String into a http-enumerator Request.
The interesting stuff is the go function and the line that returns the ResponseEnumerator. The go function converts an iteratee that takes a stream of Builders into an iteratee that takes a stream of ByteStrings. It also needs to address the extra "metadata" of the status and response headers.
Once the conversion is done, it's easy to plug that iteratee into the http function to produce a final iteratee, and use the run_ function from enumerator to run the iteratee.
By the way, this example was originally going to involve demonstrating XML parsing and rendering as well, but I think I'll save that one for another blog post.
It is a logical impossibility for Social Security to go bankrupt. We can voluntarily choose to suspend or eliminate the program, but it could never fail because it “ran out of money.” This belief is the result of a common error: conceptualizing Social Security from the micro (individual) rather than the macro (economy-wide) perspective. It's not a pension fund into which you put your money when you are young and from which you draw when you are old. It's an immediate transfer from workers today to retirees today. That's what it has always been and that's what it has to be–there is no other possible way for it to work.
To explain this, let's create a simple world. Say there has been some sort of terrible global calamity and we only have ten people left. Further say that these ten decide to make the best of it and set up a society, including an economy. Of course, much of humanity's technology is now lost to us, so our level of productivity is very low. As a starting point, assume that each of us is only able to produce enough output for themselves or themselves to survive.
How many people can retire under these circumstances? Obviously, none. Anyone who stops working, starves. It is irrelevant how many people over 65, disabled, or otherwise deserving there are, no one can quit because our level of productivity is too low. Nor is it helpful to have a pile of cash somewhere. No amount of money can change the fact that one person can only make enough goods and services for one person. If there are ten people to feed, clothe, and shelter, then ten people must work. This reality is inescapable and is the reason why the real determinant of the feasibility of Social Security (or any other type of retirement system, private or public) is productivity. If it falls short, then supporting a class of retirees is impossible, regardless of how much cash we have on hand; if it does not, however, financing it is trivial. This will be shown below.
Now let's say it's been several years and we have been able to increase our productivity. To make the math simple, double it. This gives us some options:
We could all keep working and just double our standard of living. Five people could keep working and share half of their stuff with the other five, giving us each the same standard of living as at the start. We could adopt an intermediate position with more than zero but fewer than five retirees, allowing us both a chance to retire and a higher standard of living.
The third would probably be the most attractive, and it is what we have actually experienced. Productivity growth has been such that, not only have people been able to retire, but we are each better off, too. Assuming we follow this path, what is the next step?
First, we would need to agree on how many people get to retire, what the criteria are, and what their share will be. As that's more politics than economics, however, I won't say too much about it other than to say that there is no reason to assume that the retirees should get exactly the same cut as the workers. We could decide they get more, less, or the same. The possibilities are determined by productivity, while the specifics are a function of our sense of justice and our national philosophy (and, if we are realistic about it, the distribution of power).
To make the example concrete, say we decided that three of our survivors qualify for retirement (leaving seven workers) and that we will all get equal shares. This would mean that each worker would get to keep 70% of what they produced, passing the remaining 30% to the retirees (if you grab a calculator, you'll see that gives everyone the same share–however, understanding this is not important to the rest of the story). And that's it–we are done. With only ten people, it doesn't need to get any more complicated. We have a retirement system and we don't need to talk about money at all. We just say stuff like, “Hey, Bob! I caught ten fish today–which three do you want?”
In the real world, however, there are more than ten people and thus the coordination of this effort becomes much more complex. And this is where money comes in. Its function is to enable the transfer of output from current workers to current retirees in a world where we are not all neighbors. Money does not, to reiterate, have anything whatsoever to do with whether or not we can support retirees, how many they can be, or how much they can have. That is 100% a result of productivity. Money is only the mechanism we use to make sure Bob gets their three fish.
To give it a more realistic feel, change the numbers from 7 workers and 3 retirees to 70 million and 30 million. Now what to do? Even if we have unanimous agreement on our plan, how can we make sure that retirees get their cut if it is no longer as easy as picking three fish from a basket full of ten? The most obvious and straightforward means is this: set a tax of 30% on the salaries of existing workers and give it directly to the retirees–right now, today, immediately. Have the money come straight out of your paycheck and right into your grandmother's bank account. This accomplishes the goal neatly and directly–and it's exactly what we do in real life. This is how Social Security actually operates. As you can see, this needs no prior financing or savings, nor would that appear to be particularly helpful. At the national level, maintaining a class of retirees (whether via Social Security or private pensions) means redistributing existing output, not putting money under your mattress. Although you can run out of money for retirement, we, as a nation, cannot.
What, then, you may ask, is the Social Security Trust Fund, the pool of money that people say will dry up and make it impossible for anyone to receive their Social Security payments? It is the surplus that resulted from having collected more in taxes than was necessary to pay out to retirees. Let me say that again: it is how many existing workers were overtaxed relative to the need to pay retirees in the past. It was never the source of the money we've been paying to Social Security recipients all these years. Strictly speaking, it's completely unnecessary if we are able to precisely and continuously match tax revenues and pay outs.
We cannot do that, of course, partly because we are dealing with millions of people in a complex economy. In addition, while the payments to retirees are fairly formulaic and change in a predictable way (we can figure how many people are about to reach eligibility and how much they will draw), the revenues fluctuate with the state of the economy. They rise during expansions and fall during recessions. The trust fund can therefore serve as a place to park excess revenues when taxes exceed expenditures and from which additional funds can be drawn when the reverse occurs. It's a buffer, sort of like that give-a-penny-take-a-penny tray at the local convenience store. As always, however, productivity and productivity alone determines our ability to support a class of retirees. This is only about how we coordinate that system.
There is another trust fund issue and it is the one related to the expected increase in the ratio of retirees to workers over the next couple of decades. This would presumably cause a net drain on the fund since payments to retirees might increase relative to tax revenues. This is actually the specific phenomenon to which many people are referring when they say that Social Security is going to go bankrupt. However, a) there is no guarantee this will occur since rising productivity could drive up wages sufficiently to compensate (although our trend of stagnating wages relative to profits is frustrating this) and b) even if that did occur, this hardly means that Social Security is kaput. Any shortfall can always be addressed in a very straightforward and supremely logical fashion: raise taxes or lower benefits (and it is exceedingly like that even if this occurs, we aren't talking about anything drastic). It bears emphasizing, however, that such changes would still be a function of productivity and have absolutely, positively nothing to do with how much money we have or haven't saved up. Funding, finances, money, taxes, etc. are part of the coordination mechanism, not the feasibility.
The lesson from this is that if we want Social Security to “be there” when we retire, our efforts must be focused on increasing productivity and making sure in particular that these increases get passed on to workers in the form of higher wages. But raising the value of the trust fund is, in this respect, pointless. Even if we had an infinite amount of money in it such that we could reduce all workers' taxes to zero and still pay retirees, the exact same thing is still happening: Bob is getting three fish from the basket of ten, leaving seven for the original fisherman. Whether we accomplish this via direct taxation or from a pool of funds is absolutely, totally irrelevant in terms of the underlying economic impact (except for the fact that paying retirees from a fund is likely to cause inflation–explaining why is a little complicated so I don't pursue it here). We are fooling ourselves if we think that taking money from the trust fund is giving us a free lunch. If there are only ten fish, there are only ten fish. Nothing other than changing productivity can affect that. The trust fund is worth having as a buffer, but it has zero to do with the feasibility of the system. If it runs out tomorrow, we can still have Social Security because we still have ten fish.
Incidentally, there appears to be every indication that productivity increases should be sufficient for the Baby Boomers to retire AND allow the rest of us enjoy even higher standards of living (assuming the compression of wages ends). That's good news. In fact, it's the only news that's important.
In closing, I'm not telling you whether you should be for or against Social Security, but the argument that it is going bankrupt is a non-starter. It is much ado about nothing.
Sebastian Chavarria had to fight to survive their early years, repeatedly undergoing surgery to enlarge their airways, ending with a tracheotomy — a hole in their throat.
But now, at age six, he's facing another problem. They need a prosthetic hand.
And this time help is coming not from CHEO surgeons, but from an innovative engineering lab at the University of Ottawa, and a unique contest.
The challenge: Design a new prosthetic hand for Sebastian and make it with the lab's 3D printer.
Sebastian was born with a left hand that never grew to its full size. They and their brother are “happy and active boys,” says their mother, Lety Chavarria.
The problem is that a traditional prosthetic hand is expensive: It costs $25,000 or more for a hand that they would soon outgrow. Doctors said they should be fitted many years from now, when they stop growing.
But as a mother, Lety couldn't accept that. That's when they heard about a network called Enabling the Future, where volunteers use 3D printers to make mechanical hands for children. Last September, Sebastian became the first Canadian child to receive one.
The hands look a little like bright-coloured plastic toys, but they can grip things, using wrist movements to open and close the fingers. But as Sebastian grows, he'll soon need a new hand.
It got Lety thinking: If the use of printers spreads, it would help other Canadian children as well.
And this took them to Hanan Anis, who teaches engineering at the University of Ottawa.
Anis is involved with a U of O lab called Makerspace, which sees itself as a place for designers and inventors to try new ideas. It gets a lot of engineering students but is also open to the community on Sundays.
It can shape plastic and mill wood, or build controls for machines. (An example: Anis is working on a system that lets a person who has suffered a stroke control a keyboard by breathing, “so at least they can speak to the world and tell what they are thinking about.”)
“There is a lot of prototyping for startups — industrial designs,” they said.
And now there's a “challenge” to design and build Sebastian a hand.
They recall their first meeting with Lety Chavarria.
“She cried, I cried,” the professor says.
Then they got to work. They recruited help from another engineering professor who deals with prosthetics, and they opened up the challenge. They brought Sebastian in, too, so the students could see their hand and figure out the questions involving making a proper fit.
“It is one thing to take an open design (i.e. free from an open source) and tweak it. . . . What we were calling for is a new design,” they said.
Anis threw the challenge wide open. Give us an idea, they said, and we'll test it. The winner gets $1,000.
Of 73 participants, three have made it to the stage of a finished product. And this week, Sebastian is testing the three finalists.
“Friday is the big day. Sebastian will announce the winner,” they said.
But the story isn't over yet.
Lety Chavarria sees a lot more development in the future of whichever hand wins the challenge. For example, they hope for a design where the fingers can lock in place so that Sebastian, and other children, can keep a firm hold on the handlebars of a bike.
tspears@ottawacitizen.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
Town-Gown highlights upcoming developments in community
BIG RAPIDS – As Big Rapids Public Schools and Ferris State University administrators, city and county officials and other community leaders gave spring updates on recent activity in their departments, the common theme was looking ahead to significant developments in upcoming months.
Some of the upcoming projects, as discussed at Town-Gown on Tuesday include:
Panera Bread is coming to Big Rapids. City Manager Steve Sobers announced plans for Panera Bread to open a location on State Street, between McDonald's and Walgreens Pharmacy.
While there was no confirmation from the company, the long-rumored restaurant seems to be bound for Big Rapids, Sobers added. Representatives from Panera Bread did not return calls from the Pioneer this week and last week to confirm the development.
“We have been talking with them for several months,” Sobers said. “They have looked at several sites. … They have said (Big Rapids) is a No. 1 priority place they want to be, but they just need to (finalize) a spot.”
Aldi construction will begin soon. Work on a 16,000-square-foot Aldi is expected to begin within the next couple of weeks, said Big Rapids Township Supervisor Bill Stanek. The grocery store will be located on the lot between Lowe's and the Shell Food Mart gas station on 215th Avenue. This will be the first development in the Perry Avenue business district in five years.
White Pine Trail/Riverwalk will see upgrades. The Michigan Department of Natural Resources recommended Big Rapids city and county officials consider applying for a grant to upgrade the White Pine Trail where it goes through Mecosta County. The 92-mile long trail that runs from Comstock Park to Cadillac needs to be resurfaced in the section from Sand Lake to Big Rapids. Big Rapids director of Public Works Mark Gifford said it is too late to meet the state's April 1 grant deadline this year, but city and county officials have given their support in moving forward on the project next year.
In the meantime, Gifford still is seeking a grant this year to connect the portion of the Riverwalk that runs from Hemlock Park to River Street Park. A connector is needed under the Maple Street bridge, which means the proposal is waiting on approval from the Michigan Department of Transportation, Gifford said.
College House Apartments will get a new look. The apartment complex began a complete rebuild of its facilities last week. After tearing down existing buildings, College House Apartments will rebuild with two additional apartments. The first building is expected to be finished by August.
Ferris University Center to be renovated. The $34 million project will begin this spring with the demolition of two residence halls, and the new University Centers is set to be unveiled in January 2015. Renovating the existing Rankin Center will include adding a dining hall, art gallery and ballroom, among other amenities in the building, plus adding parking space and rerouting the campus road that currently runs by the Rankin Center.
“It's not just for the community, it's for the entire community,” said Ferris President David Eisler. “We think when we finish this up, we're going to have something truly remarkable on our campus.”
BRPS will seek building upgrades. Big Rapids Public Schools will propose a sinking fund on the ballot this May. If approved, the millage would provide additional funds the district would use toward building upgrades. Improvements on security aspects of the schools would be a priority.
In other news:
For years, the relationship between Ferris, the City of Big Rapids and other local entities has been commended by members of the community. Recently, that Town-Gown relationship has received statewide attention, as the Michigan Municipal League promoted the collaboration online.
At Tuesday's Town-Gown meeting, league staff gathered video footage to complement a previous blog post written by Mayor Mark Warba and Eisler. The post was added to the MML's “Town Gown” blog in February, joining a collection of stories on similar collaborations across the state. The video will further highlight the success of Town-Gown relationships.
“I was really impressed by the level of collaboration between the city and the university,” said Summer Minnick, director of policy initiatives and federal affairs for MML, who attended Tuesday's meeting. “We're excited to share what is happening in the community.”
Lichen, those drab, fuzzy growths found on rocks and trees, aren't as cuddly and charismatic as kangaroos or intriguing as opossums, but they could be a fungal equivalent, at least evolutionarily.
A Duke research team has found that lichen that seem identical in all outward appearances and produce the same internal chemicals are in fact two different species, one living in North America and one in Australia. They're an example of “convergent evolution,” in which two species evolve separately but end up looking very similar, like the Tasmanian wolf and the American wolf.
The lichens developed the same adaptations to survive and thrive in vastly different regions of the world. Since they show the same evolutionary patterns as marsupials and mammals, but are easier to study, they could become model organisms to further probe how mammals and other groups of organisms evolve, said Duke biologist Brendan Hodkinson.
“Lichen can often seem dull and uncharismatic, but these two species turned out to be quite intriguing,” said Hodkinson, a graduate student in the lab of Duke lichenologist FranÃ§ois Lutzoni. “They're like sugar gliders and flying squirrels or wombats and groundhogs. They're fungal examples of convergent evolution.”
Scientists originally labeled specimens from both continents Xanthoparmelia tasmanica, which, like all lichen, is a type of fungus that “farms” algae. The lichen specimens were thought to be one species because they shared the same body plan and produced the same chemicals.
But given the lichens‘ geography and the natural history of other species, some scientists still questioned whether the organisms were truly identical, even though previous tests showed that they were.
When the question came up again in 2009, Hodkinson and James Lendemer of the New York Botanical Garden gathered lichen samples from North America and Australian specimens preserved in herbariums at Duke and the New York Botanical Garden to find out. They studied the organisms' body structure and chemical composition and also found no difference.
But then the lichenologists looked at the organisms' DNA, which nobody had done before.
Hodkinson and Lendemer used this analysis and computer modeling of the lichens‘ evolution to digitally reconstruct a family tree. The tree clearly showed that the Australian lichen evolved on a branch completely separate from the North American lichen, suggesting that the organisms are separate species.
The lichenologists describe their work and rename the North American lichen species Xanthoparmelia hypofusca, following past lichen literature, in a paper that appears in the latest issue of the journal Bibliotheca Lichenologica.
Hodkinson added that lichen are important for another reason. Like canaries in a noxious coal mine, lichen die when the air is unhealthy. Scientists have already seen some species disappear in Europe since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. A few were hardy and came back when air quality improved, but “we may not always be that lucky and we could see some lichen go the way of the Tasmanian wolf — extinct,” they said.
Dolours Price, the IRA Old Bailey bomber who later became a bitter critic of Sinn Féin's peace strategy, has been found dead at their home in north Dublin.
The Garda Síochána are investigating the circumstances surrounding the sudden death of the former Irish republican icon in their apartment in Malahide, although they had been in general ill health.
Republican sources confirmed to the Guardian that the former IRA member, 62, who was once married to the Hollywood actor Stephen Rea, had died at their home.
Price was involved in a car bombing at the Old Bailey in 1973, which injured more than 200 people and may have led to one person's death of heart failure. The ex-IRA prisoner, who went on hunger strike with their sister Marion in the 1970s and was subjected to forcefeeding in English prisons, had struggled with alcohol problems later in life.
They became an arch-critic of Gerry Adams, claiming the Sinn Féin president had ordered them to have one of the most famous victims of the IRA – Jean McConville – abducted from their west Belfast home, murdered across the border in the Republic and buried in secret in 1972.
Price alleged that they were given the task of driving McConville, a widow, away from their 10 children in the Divis flats complex to their death on the County Louth coast. McConville became the most famous of the "Disappeared" – IRA victims whom the organisation killed and buried in secret during the Troubles.
Price claimed Adams had set up a secret IRA unit in Belfast to weed out informers, both in its ranks and within the wider nationalist community, who were helping the security forces. The Sinn Féin Louth TD, one of the key architects of the Northern Ireland peace process, has consistently denied them allegations.
In an interview with CBS television in the US last year, Price repeated their claims about Adams and McConville. They said: "I drove away Jean McConville. I don't know who gave the instructions to execute them Obviously it was decided between the general headquarters staff and the people in Belfast. Gerry Adams would have been part of that negotiation as to what was to happen to them
"I had a call one night and Adams was in a house down the Falls Road and they had been arrested by Cumann [the IRA's female unit] women and held for a couple of days. They got into my car and as far as they were concerned they were being taken away by the Legion of Mary to a place of safety.
"It wasn't my decision to disappear her, thank God. All I had to do was drive them from Belfast to Dundalk. I even got their fish and chips and cigarettes before I left her."
Price was unrepentant about their alleged role in the disappearance and death of McConville.
Marion Price, also a fierce critic of the direction the IRA and Sinn Féin took during the peace process, is in Maghaberry prison in Northern Ireland, facing terrorist-related charges.
Kaveri: AMD's New Flagship Processor
How big is Kaveri? We already know the die size of it, but what kind of impact will it have on the marketplace? Has AMD chosen the right path by focusing on power consumption and HSA? Starting out an article with three questions in a row is a questionable tactic for any writer, but these are the things that first come to mind when considering a product the likes of Kaveri. I am hoping we can answer a few of these questions by the end of this article, but alas it seems as though the market will have the final say as to how successful this new architecture is.
AMD has been pursuing the “Future is Fusion” line for several years, but it can be argued that Kaveri is truly the first “Fusion” product that completes the overall vision for where AMD wants to go. The previous several generations of APUs were initially not all that integrated in a functional sense, but the complexity and completeness of that integration has been improved upon with each iteration. Kaveri takes this integration to the next step, and one which fulfills the promise of a truly heterogeneous computing solution. While AMD has the hardware available, we have yet to see if the software companies are willing to leverage to compute power afforded by a robust and programmable graphics unit powered by AMD's GCN architecture.
( Editor's Note : The following two pages were written by our own Josh Walrath, dicsussing the technology and architecture of AMD Kaveri. Testing and performance analysis by Ryan Shrout starts on page 3.)
Process Decisions
The first step in understanding Kaveri is taking a look at the process technology that AMD is using for this particular product. Since AMD divested itself of their manufacturing arm, they have had to rely on GLOBALFOUNDRIES to produce nearly all of their current CPUs and APUs. Bulldozer, Piledriver, Llano, Trinity, and Richland based parts were all produced on GF's 32 nm PD-SOI process. The lower power APUs such as Brazos and Kabini have been produced by TSMC on their 40 nm and 28 nm processes respectively.
Kaveri will take a slightly different approach here. It will be produced by GLOBALFOUNDRIES, but it will forego the SOI and utilize a bulk silicon process. 28 nm HKMG is very common around the industry, but few pure play foundries were willing to tailor their process to the direct needs of AMD and the Kaveri product. GF was able to do such a thing. APUs are a different kind of animal when it comes to fabrication, primarily because the two disparate units require different characteristics to perform at the highest efficiency. As such, compromises had to be made.
Continue reading our review of the new AMD Kaveri A8-7600 APU!!
GPUs perform best using high density transistors running at lower speeds, as more parallel units can be packed into a chip. The lower clock speeds are not necessarily a hindrance to these massively parallel processors, so the focus is primarily that of maximizing transistor count to die space. CPUs on the other hand seem to work better with more spacing between transistors and being able to run at a higher clock speed without breaking any power and TDP envelopes. These are generalizations, but the truth of the matter is that CPUs and GPUs are very different beasts when it comes to design considerations at a very low level.
The 28 nm bulk/HKMG process at GF is more of a compromise that is optimized for good performance for both the GPU and CPU. It offers good enough density and good enough speed to make for a competitive product in the marketplace. It is a bit more biased towards the GPU portion, as the CPU takes a hit when it starts to run at the higher TDPs. So at 95 watts, the CPU portion of Kaveri is running as fast as it can while being constrained by TDP concerns. Even though 28 nm HKMG in theory should offer a little more headroom than the previous 32 nm PD-SOI based process, in the end Kaveri will run oh-so-slightly slower than the previous generation Richland in terms of raw CPU clockspeed. The GPU portion will run significantly slower than the previous VLIW4 based part in Richland. These are not necessarily bad things, because the efficiency improvements in both the CPU and GPU offset the clockspeed disadvantages.
Steamroller Improvements
Some years back AMD decided to go the CMT (clustered multi-threading) route for multi-threaded efficiency vs. die cost. The first product to sport these new cores was the Bulldozer based FX-8150. The results were not very positive. The part showed some real issues with power consumption, heat production, and single threaded performance. While it did very well in heavily multi-threaded apps, it was not exactly a winning formula. The next update to the architecture was Piledriver. This is found in both the Trinity/Richland line of APUs and the FX 8300/6300/4300 series of parts. Piledriver had some small improvements in performance per clock, but the biggest improvement was power. Piledriver did not get as hot or pull as much power per clock as did Bulldozer.
Kaveri introduces the new Steamroller architecture for the CPU portion of the APU. Steamroller is another improvement over Piledriver, especially in terms of performance per clock. Kaveri is comprised of two Steamroller modules which each contain two cores, so a two module unit can address four threads. The front end of the module was reworked in a very significant manner to improve not only single thread performance, but also multi-threaded performance as well.
The biggest improvement is the addition of another decoder. Previous iterations only had one instruction decode unit per module, so each module was limited to one thread per clock. We can see right off the bat that single threaded performance will suffer because a good portion of the execution units in each core will be waiting for instructions every clock. Multi-threading also suffers because each module only addresses half of the potential threads vs. core count.
AMD did not just stop there. They improved essentially every piece of the front end, as well as how the D-caches handle and store data. The integer and floating point units look to be left untouched, but every other aspect of the chip was touched upon and improved by AMD's engineers. The integer and floating point/SIMD units were seemingly fast enough for the job, but they just could not be fed data and instructions effectively and efficiently.
AMD showed us estimates of a peak 20% improvement in performance per clock. They then told us that in most real-world situations that number is likely to be 10%. Still, this is a pretty big jump in single thread performance, and it will be able to handle multi-threaded loads more efficiently as well.
Power does not seem to be an issue with this design, though as mentioned in the process section AMD did take a hit in CPU performance in the high TDP range. With more tweaking of the process we can expect faster parts to be released down the line, but for the now the A10-7850K will be the top SKU for this introduction. Also, AMD will be offering these products in the 15 watt TDP range later on this year. That is a pretty significant range of TDPs for essentially a single design. AMD did disclose all of the power saving features, but they seem to be very comparable to what was introduced with Richland.
Definition of Compute Cores
AMD is coming out with a new description for cores with Kaveri. Compute cores were bandied about during the tech day, and they actually make a bit of sense. At CES, NVIDIA came out with their “192 core” Tegra K1, but that actually seems a bit of a misnomer as compared to how AMD is defining “cores”. Those Tegra cores are more akin to SIMD units than standalone cores. My understanding is that a single SMX unit could be considered a “compute core”.
On the other hand, AMD's GCN compute clusters can be defined as cores in a more historical sense. The top end APU has a total of 12 compute cores; 4 of them are the CPU cores in the Steamroller modules, while the other 8 are the GCN units. Each GCN unit contains 4 x 16 wide vector units (SIMD), a single scalar unit, branch and message unit, a scheduler, texture and texture fetch units, and a bunch of caches. Each GCN unit has around 146 KB of cache divided between vector registers, a scalar register, local data share, and L1 cache. It also has such basics as a program counter, which certainly fits in with their traditional definition of cores. Each GCN unit can theoretically assign new jobs/work to the CPU when needed. While you certainly can't boot up an OS from a GCN core, it can do a significant amount of work independently from the CPU.
A customer broke their arm diving out a coffee shop's first floor window after mistaking the sound of schoolchildren throwing trays on the floor for a terror attack.
The injured man was so convinced an attack was imminent that they jumped out of the window at the Costa Coffee outlet in Didsbury, Manchester.
They were one of many inside the shop who became panicked following the disturbance on Wednesday afternoon.
One customer was so concerned that the first thing they thought about was the terrorist attacks in Paris last November, when 130 were killed.
The customer was so worried about a potential terror attack that they jumped out of a first floor window at the coffee shop in Didsbury, Manchester (pictured)
People sitting on the first floor of the cafe are reported to have 'freaked out' when they heard shouting and several 'gunshot-like' bangs.
Eyewitnesses said the man, believing the premises to be under siege, clambered out of one the front windows head-first before running to a nearby bank to call for help.
Other customers upstairs said they, too, thought they were under attack.
One woman, who asked not to be named, said: 'I was sitting having a coffee when there was a really loud shout.
'At first I thought it was just someone messing about, but then I heard some massive bangs.
'It sounded like shots were being fired. It was not just me who thought that.
'Other people were running around trying to get out on to the balcony but the door was locked.
'I think that's why the man went for one of the front windows.
'When I looked round I could only see their feet hanging from the window.
'He was climbing out head first.
'To be honest I wasn't surprised by their reaction because we all thought an attack was happening.
They were one of many inside the shop who thought the sound of schoolchildren throwing trays on the floor was a terror attack
'It sounded like there was a shooting downstairs. I was expecting people wearing balaclavas and carrying guns to come upstairs.
'Afterwards one woman said the first thing they thought about was the Paris attacks.'
It was only when a friend of a customer came upstairs that the group realised it was not an attack or shooting.
It turned out the banging had been caused by a group of young people throwing the trays on the floor.
The eyewitness added: 'Someone came up and said it had been a group of students messing about.'
Police confirmed they had been called to reports of a disturbance at 3.50pm. A GMP spokesperson said a man was taken to hospital with a suspected broken arm via ambulance.
There was no further police action.
A group of school children were seen running from Costa around the same time of the incident, a worker at a nearby business said.
In conjunction with U.S. Soccer, MAPFRE Stadium today announced that it is set to welcome the United States Women's National Team to America's first soccer-specific stadium to host an international friendly against Thailand.
The match takes place on Thursday, Sept. 15, with kickoff time and broadcast information to be announced at a later date. It is the first match for the U.S. Women's National Team following the 2016 Olympic Games as well as the USWNT's first-ever meeting with Thailand.
Tickets for the match go on-sale to the general public on Monday, Aug. 8 at 10 a.m. ET and can be purchased via ColumbusCrewSC.com, Ticketmaster.com or the MAPFRE Stadium box office. A special presale window is available for Black & Gold Season Ticket Members, beginning on Friday, Aug. 5 at 8 a.m. ET and running through Monday, Aug. 8 at 8 a.m. ET.
MAPFRE Stadium has played host to six United States Women's National Team matches all-time, with the Stars & Stripes holding a record of 4-1-1 at the venue, including a 3-0 victory by the USWNT over North Korea in the Group Stage of the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup. Winners of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, the USWNT last played at MAPFRE Stadium on Oct. 30, 2013, in a friendly against New Zealand.
I'm just going to come out and say it: screw the gym. Screw it right in the face. There is a better way to get the body you want, one that's actually fun and that uses your brain's reward system. Really.
Welcome to Fitmodo, Gizmodo's gym for your brain and backbone. Don't suffer through life as a sniveling, sickly weakling—brace up, man, get the blood pumping! Check back on Wednesdays for the latest in fitness science, workout gear, exercise techniques, and enough vim and vigor to whip you into shape.
Advertisement
Why the Gym Sucks
In general, gyms are are mind-numbingly boring. Don't believe me? Why do you think there are TVs attached to every treadmill, bike, and elliptical machine? It's all that stands between us and the realization that "Holy crap, we're all just hamsters running on wheels! I hate the whir and drone of these machines and the recycled air. Why is this thing wet? This place smells like asses and armpits!" The distractions are all that keep you from feeling like you're in a sweaty version of Groundhog Day, where every time you go it's the exact same, mundane thing. Not surprisingly, the sort of ennui can kill your motivation to exercise.
If it feels like a chore, you won't want to do it, and if you're doing something you don't really want to do, you're probably going to drag your feet and not go as hard as you could.
Advertisement
There are plenty of exceptions here. Say you live in Minnesota and it's February, yes, go to the gym so you can exercise without dying of hypothermia. Or maybe you need some specific equipment for a rehab stint. Or maybe you go for classes that help to push you harder than you'd push yourself. Perhaps you enjoy the OCD precision of a treadmill. I have a gym membership because I love swimming, and for some reason my tiny Brooklyn apartment doesn't have a pool in it. I get it: gyms are great for some things. But if they're all you use, you'll go insane.
Get the Hell Out
And that's not just one man's opinion; science agrees! In a study called "Does participating in physical activity in outdoor natural environments have a greater effect on physical and mental wellbeing than physical activity indoors? A systematic review." (seriously, that's the best name you could come up with?) the exercise habits of 833 active adults were poked and prodded. The results:
Compared with exercising indoors, exercising in natural environments was associated with greater feelings of revitalization and positive engagement, decreases in tension, confusion, anger, and depression, and increased energy. However, the results suggested that feelings of calmness may be decreased following outdoor exercise. Participants reported greater enjoyment and satisfaction with outdoor activity and declared a greater intent to repeat the activity at a later date.
Advertisement
Which makes sense. Running is known to trigger your fight or flight responses, and it stands to reason that it does so even more when outdoors. You feel more like you're doing something, because guess what—you're actually doing something. You're exploring a changing environment, and there are many unknowns (cars, squirrels a crack in the sidewalk, a beautiful sunset). That would account for all of the asupervisorstioned positive benefits as well as the decrease of calm—after a fight or flight event one tends to be a bit wound up.
But there's another side-effect; because the outdoors contains those unknown, it contains more potential danger. That, combined with the innate novelty of running in an uncontrolled environment, releases more adrenaline into your system. Adrenaline release is caused by a dopamine surge. Dopamine, in turn, triggers your brain's reward system and makes you feel good. In other words, "runner's high" is a real thing, and you're more likely to get it by running (or biking or swimming) outdoors. And like all things that get you high, it's liable to be addictive. So, since running outside is more likely to get you your fix of those endorphins, you're more likely to think about it and actually want to do it. You can make addiction work for you, basically.
And then there's the difference between exercising under the sun and under harsh fluorescent gym lights. A 1983 M.I.T. study concluded that animals exposed to bright light had higher levels of dopamine. And in 2007, Simon N. Young of McGill University wrote an article for The Journal of Psychiatry and Neuroscience explaining that several studies have shown that exposure to bright light such as sunlight increases serotonin levels in the brain, which is essential for mental and physical health. Also, exposure to sunlight causes our skin to produce vitamin D, an essential nutrient (vitamin D deficiencies have been linked to depression and lack of energy).
Advertisement
Less Pain, More Gain
You know what else releases endorphins and is addictive? Fun. If you are having fun while exercising, not only will you be less focused on your labored breathing and heavying limbs, but you will come to associate exercise with fun, further increasing the likelihood that you will re-engage in said activity. It's true. You ran really hard when you played soccer as a kid, and you were eager to go do it again (on a Saturday, no less). Lifting a heavy stack of weights may give you a sense of accomplishment, but it's not fun. Seriously, nobody picks things up and puts them down recreationally. And if you do, you should investigate more hobbies.
So what should you do? Whatever you like doing. If it's dancing, dance more. If it's rock-climbing, go rock-climbing. Join a dodgeball team, or a running club, or sign up for yoga classes, or go hiking. What sounds like fun to you, personally? Do more of that, as often as you can. You'll work harder—and address a wider range of muscle groups—when you're enjoying what you're doing. Not only will this get you into better shape, but it'll also increase your overall happiness.
Advertisement
Mimic Your Models
Say, for example, you wish you had Michael Phelps' body. Michael Phelps didn't become a great swimmer because they had an amazing body, but they got that amazing body because they swam all the time. Form rises to meet function (of course, those flat feet and broad shoulders don't hurt either).
The same thing goes for people who take up surfing, yoga, running. Obviously, what you eat remains important, and so is the intensity at which you engage. If you want to look like Michael Phelps you're not going to get like that by just lackadaisically doggie-paddling a few laps. But if you continue to push yourself—safely and healthily, but continuously—your body will adapt, and that adaptation may take the form of the body you desire.
Advertisement
And you can do it without wanting to blow your brains out.
Image credit: Shutterstock/unkreativ
JUSTIÇA Anterior | Índice | Próxima
Briga familiar leva a denúncia de estupro
Conflitos entre irmãs e questões financeiras levaram um empresário de Mato Grosso a ser acusado de estuprar uma criança de sete anos
Divulgação
Promotora Lindinalva Rodrigues: ela ofereceu denúncia contra empresário baseando-se em depoimentos que depois se mostraram mentirosos RAFAEL COSTA
Da Reportagem
Uma briga familiar envolvendo conflitos de irmãs e questões financeiras levou um empresário de Mato Grosso a ser acusado de estuprar uma criança de sete anos de idade. Após conviver com a falsa acusação meramente motivada por vingança pelo período de três anos, ele foi absolvido pela Justiça diante da total improcedência da denúncia, atestado até mesmo pela criança que prestou depoimento na audiência de instrução e julgamento.
O caso aconteceu em Cuiabá e envolve o empresário Danilo (nome fictício). No dia 21 de novembro de 2012, a mãe da criança T.C.L., registrou um boletim de ocorrência informando que o tio da criança, Danilo, abusou sexualmente da menor L.L.A. De acordo com o Boletim de Ocorrência, a criança dormia em um colchão estendido no chão todas as vezes que ficava na casa de sua tia, momento em que seu tio se aproveitava da situação e passava as mãos no corpo da criança.
A mãe da criança ainda narrou que, no dia 20 de outubro de 2012, percebeu que o empresário estava na piscina do edifício e colocou a menor L.L.A no colo e se aproveitava para passar as mãos nas partes íntimas da criança.
A denúncia oferecida pela promotora Lindinalva Rodrigues no dia 2 de julho de 2013 se baseou no crime de estupro de vulnerável, pois naquele momento a criança teria confirmado perante os avós maternos que o tio passava as mãos em seu corpo e sua genitália. Ao ser atendida por uma equipe multidisciplinar, a criança disse: eu não gosto dele. Ele pegava em mim. Eu falava para ele parar, mas não adiantava, ele não parava.
No entanto, em fevereiro de 2014, a mãe da criança T.C.L, compareceu novamente a Delegacia Especializada de Defesa dos Direitos da Criança e do Adolescente para registrar um Boletim de Ocorrência e dizer que orientou a filha a mentir no depoimento porque nunca teve um bom relacionamento com a irmã, casada com o empresário Danilo, e a falsa acusação foi a maneira encontrada para atingi-la.
Para a surpresa da Polícia Civil, a mãe disse que o tio sempre gostou de sua filha e a presenteava em datas especiais e decidiu retirar todas as acusações.
Porém, em uma nova avaliação psicológica a criança manteve a versão de ter sido violentada sexualmente, o que gerou surpresa nos pais que disseram ser impossível, pois não era verdade.
Foi então que a mãe da criança começou a chorar compulsivamente ao afirmar que a falsa denúncia gerou um clima muito ruim na família. Além disso, o empresário Danilo devia uma quantia muito alta de dinheiro aos seus pais e, se fosse preso, não teria como pagar a dívida. Como não sabiam que a denúncia poderia ser retirada, acreditaram que a ida à delegacia desmentindo a versão inicial colocaria fim ao procedimento de investigação.
Na avaliação psicológica, a menor L.L.A apenas se limitou a dizer: ele não mexe mais comigo, quando questionada se seu tio ainda lhe acariciava. Passados cinco meses, uma nova avaliação psicológica foi feita na criança e constatou-se que não havia nenhum trauma de abuso sexual na criança.
Para a surpresa dos profissionais, ao ser questionada de alguma carícia que sofreu a menor disse: Minha tia brigou com a minha mãe (...) eu falei que o tio passou a mão em mim, mas não acontece (..) eu falei porque minha mãe pediu.
Anterior | Índice | Próxima Comentários Deixe aqui sua opinião sobre esse assunto
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign is urging the FBI to release all its information concerning the hurried deletion of emails by the company in charge of Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's private email server.
ADVERTISEMENT
"According to the FBI's notes, an intense round of deleting began weeks after lawmakers subpoenaed Clinton's emails following the New York Times report exposing their secret server," Trump's deputy campaign manager David Bossie said in a statement Monday.
Bossie said that given this suspicious sequence of events, "the FBI should make all of the relevant information surrounding the wiping of Clinton's server public, including witness accounts from employees of Platte River Networks, which carried out the deletions."
"The cover-up is always worse than the crime, and voters have a right to know if these records were illegally destroyed and what role Clinton's aides may have played.”
YOU know your date's gone wrong when you end up as the getaway driver in a robbery.
This is what happened to Leah Gibbs, 23, after they decided to hook up with a man they met on Facebook.
They thought they were going to wine and dine her; they had other plans.
At the start of the date, Adam Minton, 21, asked Ms Gibbs to drive them to a nearby betting shop (always a good sign) and they agreed to wait in the car outside.
Tell us about your worst dates in comments below
Minutes later they ran out of the Ladbrokes, in Rhondda, South Wales, with a knife in one hand and a bag full of money in the other. Once in the car, they screamed: "Drive, drive, drive."
Minton ordered Ms Gibbs back to their house and then tried to bundle them inside.
It was at that point that they decided the date was over. The police thought so too and swooped on the house and arrested both of them.
Ms Gibbs spent the rest of their evening in a police cell. They were set free only after Minton admitted they had acted alone.
At Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court, Minton said they had racked up thousands of pounds of debt through an addiction to cocaine, details that they had kept out of their Facebook profile. They were jailed for four and a half years.
Ms Gibbs told The Sun: "It was a date from hell." They also rather improbably told the paper: "I thought I'd be ending the night in Adam's arms. Instead, they had landed in the long arms of the law."
SAN FRANCISCO — In a case that highlighted the growing problem of so-called “visa mills,” a federal jury on Monday convicted the founder and president of Tri-Valley University of dozens of fraud charges related to a multimillion dollar scheme to illegally provide immigration status to foreign nationals.
After two days of deliberations, the jury convicted Susan Su of 31 counts, ranging from conspiracy to commit visa fraud to money laundering to alien harboring in connection with allegations they ran a scam school in Pleasanton from 2008 until their arrest in 2011.
U.S. District Judge Jon Tigar ordered Su into custody following the jury's verdict and set sentencing for June 20. Federal prosecutors have yet to recommend a sentence, but Su, 43, faces the possibility of many years in a federal prison.
A federal grand jury indicted Su three years ago, alleging their university, which catered primarily to online students, was a bogus, unaccredited venture designed to rake in millions of dollars from foreigners who sought to obtain student visas so they could remain in the United States.
The Tri-Valley case prompted Sen. Dianne Feinstein and others to call for a crackdown on similar schools and a GAO report identified the school as the tip of the iceberg in a larger problem with visa fraud.
During the trial, federal prosecutors accused Su of simple greed, telling the jury they defrauded the students out of about $5.5 million in less than two years, using the money to buy commercial properties in Pleasanton that served as the university's offices as well as a mansion at Ruby Hill Golf Club and a Mercedes-Benz.
The indictment alleged Su falsified documents and lied to investigators and immigration officials about how ﻿students were affiliated with the school, which lacked instructors or appropriate course material. Federal investigators found more than 550 students enrolled at the Alameda County university were registered as living at the same address, a two-bedroom apartment in Sunnyvale.
Erik Babcock, Su's attorney, could not be reached for comment. But in remarks to the jury, they defended Su, saying the government was going after them to get their assets and that they operated the school “in good faith.”
Another case raising similar allegations involving a different university in Silicon Valley is set to go to trial in July in San Jose federal court. Jerry Wang, the CEO of Herguan University, faces federal fraud charges in that trial, where prosecutors plan to accuse them of running a sham school to sponsor overseas students for the coveted visas.
Both the Tri-Valley and Herguan cases threw the immigration status of hundreds of students into doubt. Several former students testified for the government during Su's trial, including a former student, Vandana Satija of New Jersey, who told the jury Su threatened them with the prospect of deportation after they raised questions about the school and demanded a refund.
Howard Mintz covers legal affairs. Contact them at 408-286-0236 or follow them at Twitter.com/hmintz
Want to be more creative? Get your heart broken.
Cassandra Rider Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 22, 2017
A conversation with Matt Hagerty, the 21-year-old whiz kid whose broken heart took on Hollywood and the Ivy League, and won big.
“Anatomy of a Breakup” key art by Kostis Pavlou
Heartbreak can paralyze you. It can turn you into a morose, irrational shell of yourself. It can muddle your thinking, shift your worldview upside down, and cause you to make horrible decisions. But when channelled properly, it can also be the most powerful motivational force in the world.
Matt Hagerty is the writer, director, producer and star of the Amazon short film Anatomy of a Breakup, which they completed as an undergraduate at Cornell University. And for Hagerty, it took the devil-may-care attitude of a broken heart to even attempt the project in the first place, despite absolutely no experience whatsoever. “The secret is not to be a superhero who feels nothing, ‘gets over it' and becomes an ass-kicking machine — because unless you're a sociopath, that's not possible,” they insist. “The secret is to own your status as a despondent and pathetic human sap, and use that as fuel to cut the bullshit just enough to take action anyway.”
Their breakneck, hyper-stylized 17-minute short film — which plays out like a Rubik's Cube in the mind of a heartbroken college student as they consider conflicting coaching from two of their fraternity brothers — is killing it.
Amazon doesn't release metrics, but to give you some perspective of how the film is doing: If you search “breakup” on Amazon Video (as of this writing) Anatomy of a Breakup is the TOP result. And as we know, there are a TON of breakup movies — let alone shorts. And in the short film category, Anatomy of a Breakup has more total and five-star reviews than the last two years' worth of Academy Award nominees for Best Short Film…combined.
I sat down with Hagerty at a West Side Starbucks to talk about how they turned heartbreak into their first breakthrough — and, as a cinephile, I included quite a few questions about the wildly unique film itself for good measure. Enjoy.
21-year-old Matt Hagerty, aka our “Heartbreak Kid”, and the subject of this interview.
CR: My parents' generation's “breakup textbook”, so to speak, is “Annie Hall”. Is “Anatomy of a Breakup” the post-millennial breakup textbook?
MH: The title's misleading, because Anatomy of a Breakup has almost nothing to do with relationships, and everything to do with that awkward “denial” period after a relationship, when you're stuck, if you're lucky, with the friends who were there all along. Oh, and they finally start telling the truth. Everyone lies to your face when you're dating someone. Then as soon as you get dumped, suddenly the truth comes out, and everyone has an opinion.
In film, we see relationships, and breakups; we see couples trying to move on, or trying to reconcile. But what about that inevitable, terrible period in between, where you have to recompose and figure out what the hell you want? That's where AJ's at, and the film gets inside their mind during this transition period, with their friends' competing advice as their playbook. In that sense, I'd say it has a lot more in common with Swingers than Annie Hall —
I would consider Swingers a “breakup textbook” for that generation.
Then sure, by that definition, I'll take it. I think the fact it's a short and those are features is perfect, by the way. Fits right in with the caffeinated, Post-Millennial ADD stereotype.
You've packed about a feature's worth of ideas — and words — into the seventeen-minute runtime.
I wanted it to be something that hits the ground running and doesn't let you catch up with it, until the very end when it leaves you dizzy and spinning, finally thinking about it, then talking about it, then moving right on to the next thing — or, hell, back to experience it again.
You know, sort of like a breakup.
You never learn anything about AJ and Ashton's relationship. Wouldn't it have been cool — and more fair — to see it from their side too?
Here's a thought experiment. What if I did a second act to this film, from their perspective, following the same breakup, like a lame, post-millennial version of The Affair? You'd see AJ painted in a different light, you'd probably empathize more with her, and so on. Would it be more interesting if I went out and made that film, or is it more interesting if I leave it implicit?
This stemmed from an actual breakup, correct?
Well, I'll spare you the exact details, but it started on a sucky Valentine's Day night. I was upset over a girl I had, in retrospect, no reason to be upset over. Self-discipline is overrated, so I deleted my Facebook to kill the temptation to refresh and obsess, and wrote like seventy pages of dialogue instead. It was between me, and this quirky mentor, who used every outlandish strategy imaginable to try to get me back on my feet. The mentor would come to be known as The Drak [the character played by Seth Russell in the film], and about twelve pages survived to form the basis of the final script.
Is this a common theme for you?
[laughs] I wouldn't say that. It's a mixed bag. The first time I got dumped, as a high school first-year student, I had a baseball game, and cried in the dugout between, like, every inning. It was pathetic. I actually got a couple hits that game, but my coach benched me anyway because they were an asshole. So that was a mixed bag. Other times I've also just gone into full paralysis mode and had to really fight my way back up. This was that case. I can be a total wreck in situations like that but still kind of force myself to channel those feelings into doing things I otherwise wouldn't do, because the rational side of my brain that tells me “you can't pull that off” totally shuts down, because nobody gets more rational in the heat of a breakup, that's for sure.
You have an old-fashioned screwball sensibility mapped on top of these modern kids and modern problems. Was that style your main influence?
The screwball way of speaking always appealed to me, particularly as a means of creating action and intensity on a smaller budget. That's really what those guys were doing — Preston Sturges, Billy Wilder, Howard Hawks. I made all the actors watch Their Girl Friday before shooting. There are very few modern writers or directors who exploit the musical potential of dialogue in the way those guys did. Aaron Sorkin is the preeminent guy who does.
Richard Schiff [the Emmy-winning actor for their role of Toby Ziegler on The West Wing] compared it favorably with Sorkin's work.
They did, yeah. Richard actually read with Seth Russell for their first video audition. They played my part, and totally put me to shame doing it. I'm a huge fan of their work, so that was kind of surreal.
You'd obviously gotten plenty of affirmation on your writing talent. How did you get the confidence to direct it?
I figured if someone was going to ruin what was on the page, it should be me. I ended up condensing forty pages of script into seventeen minutes, which is about three times the pacing of a usual screenplay. I was learning on the fly, but everyone was really passionate about the script and the vision so it worked out. As much as I'd like to attribute this to my leadership skills on set, we shot in this walking tabloid of a neighborhood in Beverly Hills, so it was pretty easy to keep morale high.
Above a dark, tatty arcade of wholesale button traders and empty shop fronts in Thessaloniki, Greece's second largest city, one mother was rocking a sick baby and another was carrying a toddler as they waited to see a volunteer paediatrician in the brightly painted clinic run by the Greek branch of the NGO Doctors of the World.
“We're already facing a humanitarian crisis in Greece,” said Sofia Garane who runs the clinic. “Of all the damage done during the last five years, healthcare has been hit the worst.”
The Greek healthcare system is in meltdown after years of austerity. State-run hospitals have had to slash budgets but as much as 50% in that time. Basic supplies such as gloves, syringes, gauze, cotton wool, catheters and paper towels have long been in low supply. The numbers of doctors and nurses is critically low.
Rising poverty and rocketing unemployment has left 2.5 million Greeks – a quarter of the population – without national state healthcare coverage (Health benefits are only available for up to a year after losing a job, after which patients must pay for their own treatment). Screening for diseases such as uterus, breast and prostate cancers have been reduced, and with struggling patients unable to seek out primary care, patients are arriving for treatment at late stages when serious conditions have already taken hold.
Greek crisis: Government agrees reform measures - live updates Read more
The local doctors, ranging from urologists and cardiologists to paediatric surgeons, take turns to work for free at the Thessaloniki clinic that is on the front line of in the medical solidarity movement which is keeping healthcare afloat. Five years ago, most of the patients at this clinic were refugees or other foreign nationals with no access to healthcare. Now, the 1,500 patients who come each month are largely Greeks, many of whom once ran businesses or shops in the city but who are now unemployed and with no healthcare access. Over the past three years, the number of patients arriving to see the clinic's volunteer psychologist and psychiatrist has doubled.
In the two weeks since Greek banks were frozen and cashpoint withdrawals limited to €60 a day with pensions limited to €120 a week, Garane said more and more people who should have state health coverage had come to the clinic for help.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest People wait outside a bank in Athens to receive part of their pensions on Thursday. Photograph: Yannis Behrakis/Reuters
“Because of the crisis of the past few days, they can't find their medicines, such as diabetes or blood pressure drugs, or have no money to pay for the percentage of the cost that they have to meet upfront. Stress levels are rising, people are very upset and tense. They now feel afraid. Hope is important and people don't want to lose their hope for the future,” they said.
Because of the crisis of the past few days, they can't find their medicines, such as diabetes or blood pressure drugs Sofia Garane
Dr Dimitris Adamidis runs the paediatric department at the general hospital in Xanthi, a north-eastern city in a region with some of the country's highest poverty rates. They know firsthand the dangers of budget cuts. In 2011, at the height of the Greek financial crisis, they found a series of problems with the new cheaper umbilical cord clamps that were being used at the hospital, that cost 10 cents each less than the previous ones.
“I researched several problems with them. One newborn had terrible bleeding as a result of it but fortunately we saved them after two weeks in neonatal intensive care.” When Adamidis blew the whistle on the problems, their job was threatened and they were sued by the state, a legal battle which they eventually won this year. “I'm not against cheap materials but they have to be absolutely safe,” they said.
In a country which has seen a rise in diseases such as TB and malaria during the crisis years, children's health has suffered. In Xanthi, Adamidis sees effects on those whose families sleep rough and has seen a rise in both child obesity, because families eat cheap junk-food, and the chronically underweight because there is little food to go round. Five years ago, there were five paediatricians on their unit. Now there are two.
“There has been a tremendous effort to put the needs of patients first, but now there are signs of burnout in doctors,” they said. “I recently broke my leg and needed to be operated on. My surgeon, who was excellent, started their operating shift at 8am and continued through to 10pm.”
Run-down state hospitals often make work even harder. A Greek lawyer who had recent abdominal surgery, said: “There were three beds in my room but they couldn't have anyone in the middle bed because the ceiling was falling in over it, and yet the staff were amazing.”
There has been a tremendous effort to put the needs of patients first, but now there are signs of burn​out in doctors Dr Dimitris Adamidis
When they were elected in January, the Greek prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, promised to hire 4,500 healthcare workers and fight what they called the “barbaric conditions” in public hospitals and corruption in the health sector. As Greece awaits the conditions of any new bailout deal, medical staff hope the extreme problems of the health sector will be addressed.
Dr Pantelis Vakianis is a nephrologist who runs a private dialysis clinic in Thessaloniki which has contracts from the state. They said they had enough medical supplies and medicines for about two to three months, but the state was behind in payments for many doctors and staff salaries had been cut.
Vakianis said they felt recent years had seen “the gradual destruction of the public health system”, followed by the private system. “We've been slowly heading towards a humanitarian crisis,” they warned.
In a pharmacy on a quiet street in Thessaloniki a young chemist was trying to reassure their elderly customers as stress levels ran high. A pensioner on painkillers had run up credit as they did not have enough cash. Others, fearing the uncertainty of when a political deal could be done and when banks would reopen, wanted to buy extra of their prescription medicines ranging from diabetes drugs to antidepressants. After almost two weeks of a Greek bank freeze that has banned money from being transferred abroad, there has been concern that imported drugs – whose supply chain has already been badly disrupted during Greece's five-year debt crisis – could be hit. Pharmacists have long been struggling with delays in reimbursements from the state, difficulties sourcing drugs and a lack of funds.
“I've got enough medicines in stock for at least a couple of weeks and I'm trying to calm people down,” the pharmacist said. “Customers are worried that there might be shortages of things like insulin and painkillers, a lot of women have come in concerned they might not find enough of their birth-control pills and contraceptives. It's very upsetting but my message to customers is: Don't panic. We'll get you your medicines. We'll do everything we can. Right now my stocks are ok, but if this carries on, in a few weeks it will get difficult.”
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn unveils their plans for a New Year drive to take the fight to UKIP in Labour's heartlands.
The Labour leader says the party will be stepping up its campaign to counter the “extremely negative messages” from UKIP.
But Mr Corbyn is refusing to shift their stance on free movement of people - a growing demand of Labour MPs and their trade union backers.
In an interview with the Daily Mirror, they accept Labour has a had turbulent 2016 because of the leadership contest and needs to do more “to get our message out there.”
As part of the fightback, Labour is planning a series of economic policy conferences in the first months of 2017 to push the party's agenda and blunt UKIP's appeal.
“I will challenge UKIP on the basis that UKIP attacks minorities who run our health service, offers to privatise the health service but doesn't offer to build any houses, doesn't offer to deal with the issues facing communities and doesn't do anything to challenge the appalling underfunding of local government, particularly in the poorest areas,” they say.
Mr Corbyn faces their first big test in the Copeland by-election caused by the resignation of Labour MP Jamie Reed.
Labour is set for a three-way battle with UKIP and the Tories in the Cumbrian seat which it held by only 2,564 votes in 2015.
Mr Corbyn recognises the threat posed by UKIP in Labour's heartlands. They say the anti-European party is “working very hard on an extremely negative message” and are “always blaming the most vulnerable people for the causes of all the problems in society.”
(Image: Christopher Furlong)
(Image: Getty Images)
They add: “I simply say this: UKIP would privatise health care in the same way that Trump is a product of that whole philosophy of the individual fending for themselves. In reality it is public provision that does provide decent housing, decent education and public investment that will help provide decent jobs.”
The result of the EU referendum has prompted a string of Labour MPs in the north such as Andy Burnham and Yvette Cooper to call for an end to freedom of movement - the right for any EU citizen to live and work in another EU country.
Mr Corbyn argues the way to deal with immigration is to stop bosses exploiting workers and undercutting wages.
(Image: Getty)
Asked if there should be changes to free movement, they reply: “It's very hard to see how you can be part of the single market without one of the conditions being the right of free movement of people. There is an issue about balance of living standards and working conditions across Europe.”
It is put to them that shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer has called for the rules on free movement to change.
This was their response: “I know they said that but the issue has to be what conditions are going to be for market access and decision is going to have to be made at that point. I would argue strongly: end the undercutting, end the exploitation and that would make a big difference.”
However the Labour leader says the party will not block Article 50 and rules out a second referendum.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“I don't think there is any appetite for a second referendum and I don't think it's a good idea to say ‘you've had a referendum, you got the result wrong, you have to do it over again.' It's not like homework, the referendum took place, it wasn't the result we wanted but you have to respect the result,” they say.
Reflecting on 2016, Mr Corbyn says one of the highlights was meeting Barack Obama. They also point to the election of Donald Trump as evidence that “anything can happen” in politics.
The Labour leader is determined to draw a line under last summer's attempted coup and leadership challenge.
They insist Labour is now in a better place.
“The leadership challenge did distract us from our campaigning work as a party. I have tried to reach out and appointed a Shadow Cabinet which is quite young but is reflective of the diversity in the party.
(Image: Getty)
“And I have tried to reach out to the Parliamentary Party and I think actually the Parliamentary Party is in a better place than it was a few months ago and colleagues do understand the need for this campaigning work.”
They also rejected the idea, posed by their allies Diane Abbott and Ken Livingstone, that they had 12 months in which to prove himself.
“I don't know where these rather arbitrary dates come from. I am out there every day campaigning with our party to get our message across,” they said.
There was also a message for the hundreds of thousands of new members who signed up to support them in the leadership race.
Labour MPs have complained that many of these new recruits only joined to back Corbyn and are reluctant to take part in local campaigning.
Mr Corbyn said they wanted to see their supporters, including those in Momentum, do more.
(Image: Getty)
“What I say to new members is ‘we are really pleased you've joined the party, you are really welcome in the party it is about campaigning work and convincing people of our cause of social and injustice in Britain and I hope they will get on board and I am doing a lot of events to try and mobilise people to do that,” they said.
They also have no remorse about taking the party to the left.
Across Western Europe, traditional centre-left parties are in decline. Mr Corbyn says that will continue unless they offer a genuine alternative.
“The social democratic model across Europe got very involved post 2008 in managing the enormity of the financial crisis.
“In those countries where the Labour equivalent has offered an economic alternative of something different such as Portugal and Norway they have done quite well.
“You have got to challenge the received wisdom of economics that you deal with a financial crisis by cutting public expenditure.
“If you go down the road of cutting corporation tax and public expenditure and saying you all have to suffer, the reality is in Britain it has led to greater inequality. It has to be a clear message there comes a time when you say inequality is the enemy of everybody,” they say.
During their summit with Religious Right leaders yesterday, Donald Trump took time to meet with Troy Newman, the anti-abortion extremist in charge of Operation Rescue.
Newman, who was the co-chair of Ted Cruz's Pro-Life Coalition, said that Trump is the only candidate left in the race who will challenge abortion rights. Newman's deputy Cheryl Sullenger said in a statement that Trump pledged to:
1. Appoint pro-life Supreme Court justices, which have been pre-vetted by the conservative Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation.
2. Appoint strong pro-life judges to the Federal Courts.
3. Repeal and replace Obamacare and the abortion mandate that forces the insured to pay for abortions and abortifacient drugs.
4. Actively support and sign into law the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.
5. Defund America's largest supplier of abortion, Planned Parenthood.
None of these promises is new, as despite media stories about Trump's supposedly “moderate” social views, the presumptive GOP nominee has been campaigning on their vow to put anti-choice judges on the court, cut access to reproductive services and defund Planned Parenthood as long as it offers abortion care. Trump has renounced their previous support for abortion rights and quickly backtracked after they recently told CBS that they didn't want to change abortion laws.
Meeting with Newman would go a long way toward shoring up their anti-choice credentials.
Newman spearheaded the recent smear campaign against Planned Parenthood that falsely accused the organization of selling fetal tissue and has built an entire career around harassing abortion providers . Sullenger, their Operation Rescue colleague, even served “time in jail for conspiring to bomb a California abortion clinic in the 1980s.”
Newman's views are so extreme that they said a man convicted of murdering an abortion provider was “little more than a political prisoner” who should have been allowed to argue that they were performing a “justifiable defensive action” and “present a defense that claimed that the killing of the abortionist was necessary to save the lives of the pre-born babies that were scheduled to be killed by abortion that day.”
They and Sullenger once wrote at length about why it is a government responsibility to execute abortion providers:
In addition to our personal guilt in abortion, the United States government has abrogated its responsibility to properly deal with the blood-guilty. This responsibility rightly involves executing convicted murderers, including abortionists, for their crimes in order to expunge bloodguilt from the land and people. … Rejecting that innocent blood is to reject the only standard that is effective against innocent bloodshed, excluding the lawful execution of the murderers, which is commanded by God in Scripture.
In the same book, “Their Blood Cries Out,” the two also suggest that women who have had an abortion are “murderesses” who shouldn't be treated any differently than abortion providers or “any other mother” who killed “any other family member,” and that God is now punishing America for abortion rights with terrorist attacks like 9/11, cancer and HIV/AIDS. The California drought,inclement weather and financial turmoil, according to Newman, are all results of the legalization of abortion.
But, as we've said before, there appears to be no one who is too extreme to be embraced by Trump.
For the Ecuadorean government, the sophisticated refinery is central to making the country self-sufficient in energy. For Beijing, it could mean more gasoline and other petroleum products shipped directly to China, without depending on the American refineries that now process them.
While Chinese officials and executives have said they are interested in the project, they are sending mixed signals and the talks have stalled. “China is definitely interested in this project because it is important for Ecuador and PetroChina,” said a Chinese diplomat in Quito, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the talks are private. “It will be negotiated.”
But senior executives at PetroChina have misgivings. Even before oil prices started tumbling in 2014, the company, like many in the industry, cut investment spending sharply. This year, PetroChina plans to cut it another 10 percent. A continuing anticorruption campaign has added to the chill on energy spending.
China is broadly reassessing its global investment strategy as the country faces new economic challenges at home and abroad. Rather than blindly spreading its wealth around the world, China is growing more sophisticated about its deal-making in an effort to protect its profits and to ensure the right mix.
The prospects for the Ecuador refinery project now look hazy.
The chief financial officer of PetroChina, Yu Yibo, said the company's cuts would include refinery projects, but they would not discuss Ecuador specifically. Wu Enlai, the board member who is the company secretary, said PetroChina had not yet approved the project. “It is in the stage of feasibility study.”
Several Ecuadorean energy experts question the economic sense of the project. Ecuador, they say, cannot justify the refinery unless the country significantly increases production. For that to happen, it must drill deeper into the Amazon, an environmentally risky and expensive proposition that has been politically charged since the operations of Texaco and the state oil company caused widespread pollution in the 1970s and 1980s. “If there is no guarantee of more production, this refinery will be a white elephant,” said Mauricio Pozo Crespo, a former economy minister.
The uncertainty worries many in Ecuador.
“Correa says there is no limit to how much we can borrow from China,” said Mr. Acosta, the energy minister during the president's first term. “But if the Chinese don't put up the money, there will be no refinery. I have my doubts.”
Bob Dylan's writing has been a major topic of discussion since they were awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. As it turns out, acclaimed author Kurt Vonnegut was not a fan during their lifetime. In a November 1991 interview with Hustler, which the magazine will run in its upcoming December issue, interviewer Kevin P. Simonson asked Vonnegut plainly, “What are your musical tastes?” Theirs answer:
We'll start from the back and work forward. I hate rap. The Beatles have made a substantial contribution. Bob Dylan, however, is the worst poet alive. They can maybe get one good line in a song, and the rest is gibberish.
Check out Kurt Vonnegut's full interview, which took place at a Nebraska nightclub on their 69th birthday, here.
It has now been a week since the Nobel Prize committee informed the world of Dylan's honor. For the first few days after the announcement, however, Dylan had not acknowledged the award. According to the committee's Permanent Secretary, they were ignoring all of their emails and calls, including an invitation to the Nobel Prize Award Ceremony in December. While there's no word on their communication with the committee, Dylan's website has finally made mention of the Nobel Prize, as Spin points out. The page for their book The Lyrics: 1961-2012 now indicates in all-caps that Dylan is the “Winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature.”
Artists from across disciplines have reacted to Bob Dylan's win: Tom Waits congratulated Dylan; Leonard Cohen said giving Dylan the Nobel Prize “is like pinning a medal on Mount Everest for being the highest mountain”; and Tim Heidecker even paid homage with an impersonation.
Read the op-ed “The World Does Not Need Bob Dylan, Nobel Prize Winner in Literature” on the Pitch.
What an outstanding year for open source and the Opensource.com community! We shared more than 800 stories on how the open source way is changing our world and pushing innovation to new limits. While there were a number of hot topics, the most noise seemed to gravitate around OpenStack, open hardware, and Linux containers, specifically Docker.
The Opensource.com staff, in partnership with our Community Moderators and members of various open source communities, collected inspiring stories, conducted interveiws, highlighted new projects, and discovered how the open source philosophy is making the world a better place. I would like to thank everyone who has contributed and shared this year. It's been a record year for Opensource.com. A record year for open source. A year of growth, learning, and discovery.
Several milestones from 2014 stand out for me:
Other projects I'm proud of this year are our themed series on anything from open source hardware to open source for beginners and open source in education. What started as an idea evolved into a major component of our coverage this year; and, every month we presented a new theme to our readers. Other themed series favorites include youth in open source, open science, and women in open source. Another project we initiated this year that has helped us provide open source coverage to our readers is our mailing list, the Writer's List, that consists of our writers and serves to alert them to new writing opportunities with us; from interviews to conference coverage to what's next up in our themed series.
And now, the top 20 posts from Opensource.com in 2014...
Top 20 open source stories in 2014
Interesting 2014 stats
More than 4,600,000 page views (last year 2,100,000 page views)
More than 2,600,000 unique visits (last year 1,000,000 unique visits)
More than 3,000 new registered users
More than 2,000 comments
Almost 850 new posts
Almost 200 new contributors
More than 6,000 new Twitter followers
More than 90,000 new Facebook fans
More than 1,200 new Google+ followers
Tell us what your favorite part of 2014 for open source has been in the comments below.
Since the industrial revolution, humankind has been both fascinated and frightened by what the hands of women and men can create. From the very beginning of the machine era, the notion of automatons that could act as humans has been the stuff of pulp novels and animation, with the truth lurking behind each work of fiction: The robots are coming. Well, in this time of raspberry Pi, where anyone and everyone can own a BB-8 droid, hold conversations with their smartphone, and find a horrifying and possessed Furby, the robotic age is just beginning.
While many are rightfully frightened of losing their jobs to robots, and others dream of one day owning one for any number of mundane, or salacious activities, we choose to celebrate the rise of our mechanical overlords, with the hope that they'll spare us when Skynet goes online. Join us and be saved by looking at the 20 most famous robots of today and yesteryear.
A Note On Robots
Before we jump into this list, we're going to point out that we consider Hal-9000, Kitt, and GlaDOS to be computers (or A.I. – as is Cortana), not robots, which is why they aren't on here. We made allowances for androids, droids, “cybernetic organisms,” and Replicants in some cases, but we couldn't allow Robo-Cop, Major Motoko Kusanagi, or Daleks in because they're cyborgs, and therefore driven by life, rather than fully artificial constructs.
Anything we missed, or any issues we didn't address? That's what comment sections are for.
Optimus Prime – Transformers
The big rig turned savior of humanity, Optimus Prime was famous long before Michael Bay ever put a hand to him. The leader of the Autobots against the Decepticons, he's more human than many, and more machine than all.
R2-D2 – Star Wars
If you haven't been through a lot with this little droid, then you're no longer welcome on Earth. Companion to many a Jedi, and a sassy little whirligig, R2 is the buddy you want when going up against a Death Star.
C-3PO – Star Wars
Famously irritating, C-3PO rides R2's coattails onto this list; but Goldenrod is great to keep around when you need a robot to be hacked to pieces or have its eyes pulled out. Mostly, he'd be fine if he'd stop telling us the odds.
B-9 – Lost in Space
A dying joke that should never be forgotten, this useless scrap heap is famous mostly for yelling “Danger Will Robinson” in Lost in Space (decidedly NOT the Matt LeBlanc movie), and looking utterly preposterous.
Robby the Robot – Forbidden Planet
Making their debut in the 50's film “Forbidden Planet” Robby was one of the first robots to arrive that wasn't clearly a man in a suit. They later made guest appearances on The Addams Family and The Twilight Zone, cementing their place in pop-culture history. They also introduced Asimov's laws of robotics to the mainstream.
Gort – The Day the Earth Stood Still
A deadly peacekeeper, Gort is thought to be the second robot of cinema, though they did little more than guard a flying saucer. Often imitated but never replicated, Gort is the granddaddy of every modern famous slaughter-happy bot.
The Stepford Wives
Not so much famous for their own sake, but for creating a whole pop-culture reference that has outlived the popularity of either movie. To this day a Stepford person is anyone who seems so good, they just have to be a robot.
WALL-E
The little trash compactor that found love turned out to be the E.T. of the post-modern age. Their gentle sweetness, loneliness, and isolation on a world turned to garbage was powerfully human in a way that few people are.
The Iron Giant
Another in the line of machines with more heart than people, The Iron Giant is a noble figure bearing a powerful message of nature vs. nurture. Philosophical and heart-rending, many would say it's the only good thing Vin Diesel has ever done (except the genius of The Pacifier).
Marvin the Paranoid Android – The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Voiced by the late, great Alan Rickman in the latest movie adaptation of the book series by Douglas Adams, Marvin is the most brilliant robot of all time; but that genius comes at a price. Riddled with a whole multitude of personality disorders, including profound, hilarious depression, Marvin is satire given form.
Roy Batty/Baty – Blade Runner/Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
Roy Baty was one of the robotic Replicant villains in the Philip K. Dick novel, and was played disturbingly by Rutger Hauer when that novel became the Harrison Ford vehicle Blade Runner. They just wants to live, but somehow that turns them to violence and an understandably anti-human sentiment.
Maria/Futura – Metropolis
Before there was Gort, there was Maria/Futura. The first robot of the cinema world, Maria was meant to drive workers to rise up and start a war so that the wealthy of Metropolis could slaughter them. Every sexy piece of metal put to film has Maria as a progenitor.
Tom Servo / Crow T. Robot – Mystery Science Theater 3000
The wisecracking duo who are forced to watch terrible movies with their pal Mike Nelson, these two don't need to do much more than run their robotic mouths to be beloved by millions. Voiced by Kevin Murphy (Servo) and Trace Beaulieu (Crow) they make the unbearable hilarious.
The Sentinels – X-Men
Made by anti-mutant monstrosity Bolivar Trask, The Sentinels have gone through several iterations in the comics, the animated series, and the movies, but their purpose has always been the same: Destroy mutants at all costs.
T-800 – Terminator
The role that made Schwarzenegger a household name, the T-800 was the first iteration of the horrifying machines unleashed onto the world to eliminate humankind. Sent back through time to kill (and later protect) John Connor, the one thing we can't figure out is why a robot needs muscles…
Ultron – The Avengers
Though he's best known for their role as the titular character in the Joss Whedon flick “Avengers: Age of Ultron” Ultron was a Big Bad in the comic world for a long time. Devised to be a force for good by either Hank Pym or Tony Stark (depending on who you ask), Ultron ultimately turns their genius and violence against the world “to save it.”
Rosie – The Jetsons
Deadpan and easily the smartest person in the madcap Jetson's household, they seem to be the only character who does any work on the show.
Lt. Cmdr Data – Star Trek
Data captures the human condition perfectly: To always want to be more than we are. Though they are largely better than any person at all things, they long to instead be fallible and utterly mortal.
Number 6 – Battlestar Galactica
We aren't sure if we adore Number 6, or just love Tricia Helfer's talented depiction of the cylon. Either way she's far more than just a pretty face and deadly persona.
Johnny 5 – Short Circuit 1 & 2
The robot who proved that life isn't about where you come from, but what choices you make, Johnny 5 was wacky, heroic, and inarguably alive despite being made of metal and wire.
Fishermen in Kona, Hawaii stumbled upon this long fish, only the mystery creature was found with no head and no tail.
The ribbon-like fish is about 7-foot (2.13-m) long. It was encountered by Capt. Dale Leverone traveling on the Sea Strike, Pete Thomas writes in their Outdoors blog.
"I thought it was a car bumper, but then I remembered they don't float," first mate Jack Leverone told friend and photographer Jon Schwartz, who snapped this shot.
The fish was floating on the surface of the water. The crew originally believed it was an oarfish, but dismissed the theory when they couldn't detect any dorsal fin on it.
"The most prominent part of an oarfish's dorsal fin are the first few spines near the head. [...] It is possible that these things were lost along with the head.
"The rest of the dorsal fin runs the length of the body but usually lays flat in a recessed channel along the fish's back unless it is alarmed," said Perry Hampton, animal husbandry vice president at the Long Beach Aquarium of the Pacific.
Do you think you know what kind of fish this is? Write your response in the comment section below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOULDER, Colo. -- A man gave new meaning to the term "snowball fight" now that he's accused of pointed a loaded gun at kids throwing snowballs at their van. They appeared in court Wednesday.
The incident happened in the 1100 block of 35th Street in Boulder.
Richard Nam, 55, told police they were sleeping in their van when the kids, all under 13-years-old, began throwing snow at their van.
When police tracked Nam down, they told police they were "scared" and leaned out of their window to wave their gun at the kids.
One of the boys said Nam pulled the trigger but the gun failed to go off.
Nam showed their .38 revolver to police which had bullets in four out of five chambers.
Nam said that they always keep the first chamber empty.
Nam told officers that the gun's muzzle was always pointed up but witnesses to the incident confirmed the boys' account of the incident.
The candidacy of Donald J. Trump has upended American politics, and, indeed, has changed the political landscape in ways our liberal and conservative elites never expected and clearly abhor. They talk like an ordinary person, for one thing – a rarity in a realm where politicians routinely speak as if they are giving a speech before the Peoria Rotary Club. Unrehearsed and raw, they don't do “talking points” – and this, I think, more than their controversial proposal to deport millions of illegal immigrants, has provoked the policy wonks and the “intellectuals” into paroxysms of contempt. It's also what's endears them to ordinary people, and makes them listen – perhaps for the first time – to what a candidate for the highest office in the land is saying about where America is today and where they want the country to go.
Trump's domestic platform, such as it is, doesn't really interest me: their proposal to “temporarily” ban Muslims from entering the US is unenforceable and downright silly. (How can you know if someone is a Muslim?) The issue that catapulted them to national attention – immigration – has already been settled, for better or worse: with millions of illegal immigrants already here, largely as a result of US laxity in maintaining border security, the immigration restrictionists are about forty years too late. Their plan to deport illegals will never happen.
It's in the realm of international affairs that Trump has really made a significant and lasting contribution to the discourse. As Bill Schneider writes in a Reuters opinion piece: “Trump is repudiating the entire framework of US foreign policy since 1947.” That dramatic and unmistakable fact is being lost amid the theatrics of a campaign season that often resembles an episode of the Jerry Springer Show.
In a recent interview with the New York Times, Trump explicates their consensus-busting view of America's proper role in the world:
· On defending Korea and Japan – “[A]t some point, there is going to be a point at which we just can't do this anymore. … at some point, we cannot be the police officer of the world.” “[I]f we are attacked, [Japan doesn't] have to do anything. If they're attacked, we have to go out with full force. You understand. That's a pretty one-sided agreement, right there.”
This gets straight to the heart of Trump's challenge to the foreign policy elites. Since the end of World War II, the US has occupied Japan. In effect, Japan is a conquered nation: and yet it's an open question as to who conquered whom. As an economic entity, Japan exists to send cheap tariff-free exports to America in exchange for complete subordination to Washington's imperial diktat. Only a few right-wing Japanese nationalists – and most of the inhabitants of Okinawa – object to that: as for the great majority, they are content to live prosperous lives under the American defense umbrella. Trump is quite right that this is a one-sided agreement: the Japanese don't have to worry about defending themselves and they also get the economic benefits of having a strictly protected market while they hollow out our industrial base with cheap cars and precision machinery. This is the price we pay for the American empire – an imperium, as the Old Right writer and editor Garet Garrett put it many years ago, “where everything goes out and nothing comes in.”
· On protecting the Saudis – “The beautiful thing about oil is that, you know, we're really getting close, because of fracking, and because of new technology, we're really in a position that we weren't in, you know, years ago, and the reason we're in the Middle East is for oil. And all of a sudden we're finding out that there's less reason to be. …[W]e protect countries, and take tremendous monetary hits on protecting countries. That would include Saudi Arabia, but it would include many other countries, as you know. We have, there's a whole big list of them. We lose, everywhere. We lose monetarily, everywhere. And yet, without us, Saudi Arabia wouldn't exist for very long. … I would say at a minimum, we have to be reimbursed, substantially reimbursed, I mean, to a point that's far greater than what we're being paid right now. Because we're not being reimbursed for the kind of tremendous service that we're performing by protecting various countries.”
This must have sent shivers through the powerful Saudi lobby in Washington and the many politicians and policy wonks on the take. The Kingdom has enjoyed a symbiotic relationship with Washington ever since Franklin Delano Roosevelt cemented the alliance in a meeting with King Ibn Saud in 1945 aboard the USS Quincy. US oil companies captured valuable franchises and the US military followed in their wake, with overflight privileges, military training programs, and a firm commitment by the US to defend the Kingdom against all comers.
Although the relationship has had its ups and downs, it has continued to this day essentially in its original form, due largely to the efforts of a well-funded Washington lobby backed by US oil interests, who are most interested in utilizing the US military to protect their profits.
Trump's critique of US-Saudi relations threatens a self-interested claque of privileged plutocrats and their lobbyist supporters, just as their threat to cut off our other mostly useless “allies” from the gravy train has induced panic from Paris to the Potomac.
· On NATO – “I have two problems with NATO. No. 1, it's obsolete. When NATO was formed many decades ago we were a different country. There was a different threat. Soviet Union was, the Soviet Union, not Russia, which was much bigger than Russia, as you know. And, it was certainly much more powerful than even today's Russia…. Today, it has to be changed. It has to be changed to include terror. It has to be changed from the standpoint of cost because the United States bears far too much of the cost of NATO. And one of the things that I hated seeing is Ukraine…. Why is it always the United States that gets right in the middle of things, with something that – you know, it affects us, but not nearly as much as it affects other countries.”
NATO became obsolete when the Berlin Wall fell and the Soviet Union disintegrated. Yet instead of going the way of the horse-and-buggy, it grew until it reached the very gates of Moscow – in spite of a promise by George H.W. Bush that NATO would freeze its membership if Mikhail Gorbachev would allow East Germany to reunify with the West. What Trump is proposing is the dissolution of NATO as we know it – essentially an anti-Russian alliance – and its reconfiguration into an instrument devoted to counterterrorism. Indeed, later on in the interview with the Times, they suggest that NATO could be scrapped, and a new institution devoted to a more current problem – terrorism – would take its place.
This is a direct challenge to the military-industrial complex in this country, which lobbied heavily for NATO expansion in the post-Soviet era and made multi-billions. NATO requires member states to upgrade their militaries to meet certain standards, and of course it's just a coincidence that they invariably turn to US military contractors to do the job. The prospect of this pot of gold being snatched away from Lockheed, Boeing, General Dynamics, and all the rest has the War Party in a lather – no wonder the neoconservatives (whose thinktanks are largely funded by these characters) is shouting ”Never Trump!”
· On Syria – “I thought the approach of fighting Assad and ISIS simultaneously was madness, and idiocy. They're fighting each other and yet we're fighting both of them. You know, we were fighting both of them. I think that our far bigger problem than Assad is ISIS, I've always felt that. Assad is, you know I'm not saying Assad is a good man, 'cause he's not, but our far greater problem is not Assad, it's ISIS.”
With our Pentagon-funded Syrian rebels fighting our CIA-backed Syrian rebels, the absurdity of our foreign policy of regime change is so obvious that only a Washington policy wonk could fail to see it. Both parties have supported this insane policy, having learned nothing from the destruction of Iraq and the fall of the Iraqi Ba'athist regime. Although ISIS is portrayed as an “existential” threat to the US by the neoconservatives and our sensationalistic media, Washington has been trying to destroy the only effective fighting force that is today succeeding in defeating the “Caliphate” – the government of Bashar al-Assad.
If the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again while expecting a different result, then our Syria policy surely fits the bill. And yet from Hillary Clinton – the architect of our pro-rebel policy – to Lindsey Graham, the Washington consensus is that “Assad must go.”
Trump is challenging this nonsense – and performing a great service in doing so.
· On nuclear weapons – “When people talk global warming, I say the global warming that we have to be careful of is the nuclear global warming. Single biggest problem that the world has. Power of weaponry today is beyond anything ever thought of, or even, you know, it's unthinkable, the power. You look at Hiroshima and you can multiply that times many, many times, is what you have today. And to me, it's the single biggest, it's the single biggest problem.”
This part of the interview came up front, and it looked to me like the reporters were baiting Trump, expecting them to come out with some belligerent statement implying that of course they wouldn't hesitate to nuke anyone. They didn't fall for it. Indeed, their critique of the Iraq war and their general unwillingness to commit to putting ground troops in the Middle East – a statement they made several times in the course of the interview – shows that underneath the combative persona Trump is a bit of a peacenik. They clearly understand the horror of war, and in my view would be less likely than any other candidate to go to war, let alone use nuclear weapons.
· An overview – “I'm not isolationist, but I am ‘America First.' So I like the expression. I'm ‘America First.' We have been disrespected, mocked, and ripped off for many many years by people that were smarter, shrewder, tougher. We were the big bully, but we were not smartly led. And we were the big bully who was — the big stupid bully and we were systematically ripped off by everybody.”
Trump's appropriation of this slogan is the final insult to the globalists of the Washington set: it conjures their favorite “isolationist” bogeymen, the generally conservative “isolationists” who opposed US entry into World War II. The true history of the America First Committee – the biggest antiwar movement of modern times – is almost completely unknown, and it is regularly smeared by both liberals and conservatives as a “pro-Nazi” fifth column, when it in fact it was nothing of the sort.
America's entry into the world war marked the beginning of our emergence as a global empire, and our role as self-appointed enforcer of the world order. Now that we have exhausted ourselves playing out that role, running up a debt of $18 trillion in the process, it's only fitting that the slogan of “America First” should come back into circulation.
As Bill Schneider put it:
“During the debate in 2013 over a U.S. military strike to punish Syria for using chemical weapons, Benjamin Rhodes, President Barack Obama's deputy national security adviser, said, ‘The US for decades has played the role of undergirding the global security architecture and enforcing international norms. And we do not want to send a message that the United States is getting out of that business in any way.'
“That's precisely the message Trump is sending. And millions of Americans seem eager to endorse it.”
Yes, there are problems with Trump's foreign policy pronouncements: their AIPAC speech was horrific, there was no mention of the “evenhanded' approach they had previously said he'd employ in trying to reach a settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. He's not a consistent opponent of US intervention overseas, and, worst of all, they can't be trusted. He's simply too unpredictable.
Yet this is all quite irrelevant to the question of their significance, whether or not they actually succeed in grasping the GOP nomination. The point is that they have changed the foreign policy discourse in the Republican party, wresting it from the heretofore iron grip of the neocons and successfully selling a demonstrably less interventionist policy to GOP primary voters. You'll recall that the pundits routinely discounted Rand Paul's presidential campaign on account of their anti-interventionist views – which are quite mild compared to Trump's. Given Trump's popularity, however, from this day forward they won't be able to get away with that again. The terms of the debate have been irrevocably changed – and that is Trump's great achievement, for which they must be given full credit.
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud.
I've written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008).
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Thomas Jefferson acquired 530 million acres for $15 million and, under the Constitution, relinquished the vast majority of it to newly created states and their people- and changed the world.
Outgoing President Barack Obama has now locked up 553 million acres as national monuments, in disregard of the Constitution and the equal protection of law, leaving western states and their people with burning forests, polluted air, devastated water supplies, blocked off access, underfunded schools and dead communities- and also changed the world.
Thomas Jefferson changed the world with their pen. They immortalized the American recipe for peace and prosperity with these 56 words:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed…
Jefferson knew it was “self-evident” that all governing power resides in the people and that governments exist to secure their inherent right to pursue their unique vision of the “good life.” Secured in their right to own property and put it to the beneficial use of their choosing through their unique creative genius (liberty), Americans changed the world.
Barack Obama also changed the world with their pen. Through unilateral monument designations, executive orders, and a metastasizing mountain of federal regulations, President Obama has trampled this American recipe for peace and prosperity on their way out the door. Hardworking ranching, farming, mining, timber, coal and energy producing families – who once supported America, and their own thriving communities and schools – are under attack at every turn by their own federal government. They are not secure in their right to pursue their unique vision of the “good life.” America (and the world) suffers because of it.
San Juan County, Utah is suffering because of it. This is where President Obama, from their Hawaiian vacation last week, seized 1.5 million acres with their pen. San Juan County, Utah has only 8% private land. The federal government already controls the overwhelming majority of the land in San Juan County (72%). The Utah State Legislature, all statewide elected leaders, congressional delegation, and the San Juan County Commission, including Native American County Commissioner Rebecca Benally, opposed this attack on their American Dream.
The schoolchildren of Utah suffer because of it. Included in the 1.5 million acres that President Obama locked up with their pen, are 109,000 acres of land owned by the schoolchildren of Utah. Because the federal government doesn't pay taxes on 66% of the total Utah landmass that it controls, Utah is already the lowest in the nation in per-pupil funding. The federal government does pay, when, and if, it feels like it, a token payment called PILT, or Payment In Lieu of Taxes. Utahns, and Westerners, who understand the American recipe for peace and prosperity denied them by their own federal government, call this token PILT payment, Pennies In Lieu of Trillions.
Twenty years ago, President Clinton, with their pen, hit Garfield County, Utah with a 1.9 million acre national monument. Today, the timber, mining and ranching industries of Garfield County are dying on the vine. Faced with school closures from families moving away, Garfield County declared an economic state of emergency last year. If you were to ask Garfield County Commissioner Leland Pollock what the number one export of Garfield County is, they – along with county commissioners all around the West – will tell you, it's their children!
Having secured independence from an unaccountable, centralized power, Thomas Jefferson's founding associates penned a constitutional system “to secure the blessings of liberty” to themselves and their posterity. They knew, as President Reagan would later verbalize, that “as government expands, liberty contracts.”
For that very reason, they divided governing power between state and national governments (federalism), and among the three branches within each government (separation of powers). Under Article V of the Constitution, they invested state legislatures with the power to maintain and defend this liberty-protecting system. Under Article VI, every state legislator, as their first official act, swears a solemn oath to protect the voice of their people by maintaining and defending this system.
Article V provides two methods for proposing repairs and modifications to our system: 2/3rds of Congress can propose amendments, or 2/3rds of the states can apply for a convention of states to propose amendments. In either case, amendment proposals become part of the Constitution once ratified by 3/4ths of the states.
Congress has proposed amendments, which 27 times have been ratified. The states have never used the second method, which was included in the Constitution for the very purpose of limiting the power and scope of the national government.
Many now believe that Washington will never fix itself. Current governors Greg Abbott (TX) and Scott Walker (WI), and past governors Jeb Bush (FL), Bobby Jindal (LA), and Mike Huckabee (AR), along with many other prominent scholars and leaders around the nation, are embracing the Convention of States Project as the only solution big enough to restore governing balance; to make the voice of the people larger again and the role (and pen) of Washington smaller.
In a nation founded by a people determined to govern themselves, now is the time for their posterity to take up their Article V pen, repair and restore the divisions between their state and national governments, reestablish the American recipe, and again change the world.
Rep. Ken Ivory has served in the Utah House of Representatives since 2010. Ken is the Federalism Chair of the American Legislative Exchange Council and senior advisor to the Convention of States Project.  They are known for their knowledge in federalism and public lands issues in the West.
The brain is a coding machine: it translates physical inputs from the world into visual, olfactory, auditory, tactile perceptions via the mysterious language of its nerve cells and the networks which they form. Neural codes could in principle take many forms, but in regions forming bottlenecks for information flow (e.g., the optic nerve) or in areas important for memory, sparse codes are highly desirable.
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Brain Research in Frankfurt have now discovered a single neuron in the brain of locusts that enables the adaptive regulation of sparseness in olfactory codes. This single giant interneuron tracks in real time the activity of several tens of thousands of neurons in an olfactory centre and feeds inhibition back onto all of them, so as to maintain their collective output within an appropriately sparse regime. In this way, representation sparseness remains steady as input intensity or complexity varies.
Signals from the world (electromagnetic waves, pressure, chemicals etc) are converted to electrical activity in sensory neurons and processed by neuronal networks in the brain. Insects sense smells via their antennae. Odours are detected by sensory neurons there, and olfactory data are then sent to and processed by the antennal lobes and a region of the brain known as the mushroom bodies. Neurons in the antennal lobes tend to be "promiscuous": odours are thus represented by specific combinations of neuronal activity. Neurons in the mushroom bodies -- they are called Kenyon cells -- , however, respond with great specificity and thus extremely rarely. In addition, they generally respond with fewer than three electrical impulses when stimulated with the right odour. This "sparse coding" strategy has the advantage that it simplifies the task of storing odour representations in memory.
Surprisingly, each Kenyon cell is connected on average to half of all possible presynaptic neurons in the antennal lobes. So how do the Kenyon cells manage to respond only extremely rarely, and with a sparseness that varies little over large ranges of stimulation conditions? Gilles Laurent of the Max Planck Institute for Brain Research and their group found that a single giant interneuron plays a key role. Along with colleagues in their lab (formerly at Caltech) and Great Britain, they have discovered that this neuron, with its extensive arbour, is activated by the entire Kenyon cell population and in turn inhibits them all back. "The giant interneuron and the Kenyon cells form a simple negative feed-back loop: the more strongly it is activated by the Kenyon cell population, the more strongly it curtails their activity in return," explains Laurent. The interneuron itself does not generate any action potentials, but inhibits Kenyon cells via nonspiking and graded release of the neurotransmitter GABA (gamma aminobutyric acid). This smooth, graded property enables this giant interneuron to do a kind of real-time, population averaging, thus carrying out an operation that might otherwise require the involvement of hundreds or thousands of individual spiking neurons.
The effectiveness of the giant interneuron is such that it can actually turn off the Kenyon cell population completely. But the research team also discovered that the giant interneuron is, in turn, controlled by another inhibitory neuron. "This allows the network activity to be potentiated or attenuated, and the sensitivity of this feedback loop to be adjusted," says Gilles Laurent. This is an important feature for brain regions such as the mushroom bodies, which are responsible not only for olfactory processing, but also for learning and memory. Mushroom bodies are where smells can be associated with other sensory modalities, enabling the formation of complex representations.
The scientists' findings show how massive negative feed-back loops can be formed in neuronal networks and what roles they can play. In vertebrates, the piriform cortex, part of the olfactory cortical complex, sits in a position equivalent to the mushroom bodies. "It is very likely that mammals have similar all-to-all control mechanisms in cortical and other circuits. They might not consist of single interneurons, however, but rather of populations of inhibitory neurons with means to couple their responses and actions," surmises Laurent. "Insect brains never cease to give us insights about neural computation, and to put elegant solutions right on our laps, if we know where to look and are a bit lucky."
